|
After working under names such as Renzo Piano and Dominique Perrault for almost a decade , French architect , Cyril - Emmanuel Issanchou , recently opened his own practice .
For his Maison Eco-rce , translated to mean the Bark House , Issanchou challenged the preconceptions of traditional timber constructed residences to design a contemporary house with strong emphasis on design .
More about the residence after the break .
“ We ’ve questioned the archetype of traditional houses and what is particular to timber construction ; which form should a contemporary timber house take ?
We visualized a house that would be like a mirage from outside , a house that would merge with its natural surroundings and as well create a protective feeling inside , ” explained the architect .
Often considered too fragile in France , the challenge in creating this timber house was to present a project that would be even more desirable than the popular standard concrete and plaster houses .
View more
Maritime
Find out about getting a general boat , Personal Watercraft ( PWC ) driving licence or mooring licence , registering your vessel in NSW , waterway rules and safety , and other information about using waterways in NSW .
For information on how we manage your personal information please see our Privacy Statement .
It ’s a small food revolution ( Image : Hulton Archive / Getty )
Editorial : How to persuade us to swallow nanofood
NOTHING says summer holidays quite like ice cream .
On a hot afternoon by the sea , there ’s little to beat the simple pleasure of a cooling scoop of your favourite flavour .
Can food get much more satisfying than this ?
Vic Morris thinks it can , with the help of nanotechnology .
He is part of a team tweaking foods to trick the body into feeling pleasantly full long after the final mouthful – and without overeating .
Ice cream that makes you feel full could be just the beginning .
Nanotechnology promises even saltier - tasting salt , less fattening fat , and to boost the nutritional value of everyday products .
Nanofood supplements could even tackle global malnutrition .
So what is a nanofood ?
It is n’t just about nanoparticles .
Many foods have a natural nanostructure – the proteins in milk form nanoscale clusters , for example – that can be altered on the nanoscale to enhance their properties .
In fact , researchers have been changing the nanostructure of food for years , for example by adding emulsifiers to improve the texture of ice cream .
It ’s the emergence of technologies such as atomic force microscopy that has changed the game by finally opening a window on the nanoworld .
Rather than working blind , Morris can now take a close look at the tiny structures he works on , understand their behaviour and then make changes in a more rational and deliberate way .
These imaging techniques are behind the high - satisfaction foods Morris is helping to develop at the Institute of Food Research ( IFR ) in Norwich , UK , which promise to help fight obesity by …
Mossad photographed Rachel Corrie before it left Dundalk
Jenny and Derek Graham
ISRAELI intelligence agents photographed members of the Rachel Corrie aid mission before the ship left dock in Dundalk , the first mate of the vessel has claimed .
In an interview with the Sunday Tribune , Derek Graham maintained that during their time in Israeli custody they saw photographs of several members of the group clearly taken in Ireland .
" They had people in Dundalk taking pictures .
I would say it is standard .
They would be either Mossad or IDF intelligence , " he said .
" There was a picture of Jenny [ his wife ] and when she saw it she knew it was taken in Dundalk because of the background .
That is where we bought the ship and got it ready and got it loaded . "
The claims are significant in light of the recent controversy surrounding a suspected Mossad operation in Dubai in which Hamas official Mahmoud al - Mabhouh was assassinated .
Those involved in the murder used fake passports , some of which had authentic Irish serial numbers .
" It was n't startling because we had an idea that we were being watched , " said Graham .
" I have done this [ humanitarian aid missions ] for three years and I had them outside my house in Cyprus and following us to the shops .
" I do n't mind the ones that you can see – they are there for intimidation or just to let you know [ you are being watched ] .
But it 's the ones you can't see that I do n't like . "
Graham believes the Israeli authorities had carried out considerable research on the party before they left for Gaza .
Aside from photographing members of the aid mission , the Israel Defence Forces ( IDF ) was also aware of the original name of the MV Rachel Corrie and refused to address it by its new one .
" They had their research done to know it was called the MV Linda before we renamed it , " he said .
Nobody in the Israeli embassy could be reached for comment yesterday .
Labour 's spokesman on foreign affairs , Michael D Higgins said that such actions could be seen as a potential diplomatic incident .
" If it was true , and taken in the context of all the other actions that have taken place [ involving clandestine Israeli operations ] , it has to be part of the judgement of Micheál Martin in terms of what is done on the passport issue , " he said .
" It would be of the same category of action and impropriety as the use of Irish passports [ by Israeli agents ] .
These are not the actions of countries with friendly diplomatic relations . "
used to stop the " aye - yo " 'ing of a subject after a homosexual comment has been made .
also see " no homo
File photo of a young saltwater crocodile enticed by meat , jumping completely out of the murky waters of the Adelaide River , near Darwin in the Northern Territory of Australia .
Wildlife officials in Malaysian Borneo are pushing to have its saltwater crocodiles removed from a list of endangered animals , saying the reptile 's numbers have strongly recovered in recent years .
Wildlife officials in Malaysian Borneo are pushing to have its saltwater crocodiles removed from a list of endangered animals , saying the reptile 's numbers have strongly recovered in recent years .
Deputy director of the Sabah Wildlife Department Augustin Tuuga told AFP that a survey of the Crocodylus porosus population showed there were about 11,000 to 15,000 in the state compared to 1,000 to 5,000 two decades ago .
" We are pushing to have the crocodile downgraded from the ' endangered ' to the ' not necessarily threatened ' list on the Convention of International Trade of Species ( CITES ) , " he said .
Tuuga said there was big demand for legal crocodile leather from handbag and clothing accessory manufacturers as well as for crocodile meat in kitchens throughout Asia .
" Under CITES , these crocodiles can only come from breeding farms but once the crocodile is downgraded , manufacturers will be able to get the crocodiles from the wild , " he added .
" However , before this can happen we must have an effective monitoring mechanism to keep track of the crocodile population to ensure its numbers do not fall below acceptable levels . "
Saltwater crocodiles have the most commercially valuable skin of its species and are found from Sri Lanka all the way to the Caroline Islands in the Western Pacific .
Tuuga said the increase in the crocodile population has also seen 38 attacks on humans in the last 10 years with 23 deaths and 15 injuries .
The latest was reported this month when the remains of a man who was eaten while looking for shellfish were found in the south of the state , he said .
However , Tuuga said the increasing population was not the only factor that led to the attacks .
" A lot of the crocodile 's habitat has been destroyed by development and much of its food sources have also been depleted so this and the frequent human use of the rivers mean that such attacks will occur , " he added .
With some growing up to seven metres ( 23 feet ) in length , the saltwater crocodile has a large head with ridges that run from the eye along the centre of the snout , with bands on its lower flanks and a yellow underside .
Explore further Rare crocs found hiding in plain sight in Cambodia
( c ) 2010 AFP
New York Ghostheads , nerds , and lady aficionados take note ; Friday , June 11th and 12th , Epic Win Burlesque will be putting on Ghostbusters !
( They actually call it Ghostbusters ! , with the exclamation mark , but it is also a little cool and deserves it . )
EPIC WIN Burlesque strives to be the nerdiest burlesque show in town , having produced sexy and geeky tributes to electronic interactive entertainments ( “ Video Game Vixens ” ) , Saturday morning animation ( “ CARTOONS ! ” ) and the Caped Crusader ( “ Holy Shit… BATMAN ! ” ) since forming in late 2009 .
Summer is upon us , and with it comes Hollywood blockbuster season .
This month , the shameless geeks of EPIC WIN pay homage to one of the biggest popcorn flicks of all time , the 1984 Ivan Reitman masterpiece Ghostbusters .
Paranormal investigators Nelson Lugo and Schaffer the Darklord host an expedition into the creepiest corners of New York City in search of things that go bump - n - grind in the night .
Your PKE meters will spike as the boys encounter sexy and spooky performances from the likes of NYC burlesque superstars Bonnie Voy’age , Lefty Lucy , Miss Mary Cyn , BB Heart , Victoria Privates and Magdalena Fox !
Plus , stage kitten Jenny C’est Quoi as Janine Melnitz !
This titillating tribute to the oft - quoted classic promises nerdery and nudity with appearances from Zuul , Gozer , the Stay - Puft Marshmallow Man and many other foxy full - torso apparitions .
Do n’t cross the streams .
Who you gonna cat - call ?
Presale tickets :
http://www.brownpapertickets.com/event/112286
About The Tank
Founded in 2003 , The Tank is a non-profit arts presenter whose mission is to provide a welcoming , creative , collaborative , and affordable environment for artists and activists engaged in the pursuit of new ideas .
Through a wide range of low - cost , high - concept arts and public affairs programming , The Tank seeks to cultivate a new generation of audience for live performance , civic discourse , and the work of emerging artists .
+18
Doors @ 9:30 pm . Show @ 10:00 pm .
Friday , June 11 , 2010 ; 10:00 pm – $ 15
Saturday , June 12 , 2010 ; 10:00 pm – $ 15
Location : The Tank at 354 W. 45th Street , New York , NY 10036
A , C , E , to 42nd Street ; 1 , 2 , 3 , S , 7 to Time Square
A staggering € 8 bn - €10bn ( £ 7 bn - £ 8.7bn ) may have been taken out of Greece by private investors since it became engulfed by economic turmoil in November .
Under pressure from the European Union and international markets to rein in the nation 's € 300bn debt , socialist prime minister , George Papandreou , announced last week that he would have to enforce tough deficit - cutting measures .
But the coming austerity package is leading panicked wealthy Greeks to divert their savings out of the country .
" In the last four to six weeks a lot of money has been moved abroad ; I 've heard extraordinary figures , " analyst , Kostas Panagopoulos said .
" People are moving funds either because they do n't trust our banking system , want to avoid what they fear will be taxes on deposits or are simply anxious about the future of our economy . "
Traditionally , the country 's super - rich , not least ship owners and mercantile elite , have favoured the Swiss bank and off - shore account .
But now huge sums are also being spirited away to banks in Cyprus .
" Very big transactions are going through Cypriot banks , " added Pana­gopoulos .
" Greeks feel that Cyprus is not only close , but safe . "
In the 29 years since Greece entered what was then the European Community , it has increasingly become divided between the very rich , who live in Hollywood - style opulence in the outer suburbs , and the poor , who are forced to survive on pensions of € 500 a month .
While a fifth of the population lives beneath the poverty line , some 20 % of Greeks are believed to earn more than € 100,000 annually – even if , according to income tax records , 90 % declare salaries of less than € 30,000 a year .
" Greece has a lot of rich people who are not being taxed properly because there is so much tax evasion , " finance minister Giorgos Papaconstantinou , told the Observer .
" If you look at the actual numbers , you will see that the number of people declaring over € 100,000 a year is roughly 15,000 , " he said .
" I do n't think that there is anyone in this country who believes there are only 15,000 Greeks earning more than € 100,000 a year . "
The growing flight of funds from Greece has whipped up much resentment among the public .
" It 's revolting , " said one popular radio chat - show host last week .
" After pillaging the country , they flee with their ill - gotten gains at the very mention of the word tax . "
Nokia has just announced that it has sued Apple in Federal District Court in t he Western District of Wisconsin , claiming that both the iPad and iPhone violate five patents held by the electronics maker .
" The patents in question relate to technologies for enhanced speech and data transmission , using positioning data in applications and innovations in antenna configurations that improve performance and save space , allowing smaller and more compact devices , " according to a statement from the company .
Although the wording is of course somewhat vague , the suit appears to hit the heart of what has made applications on the iPad and iPhone what they are .
Positioning data in applications has become a central feature -- most of the major ones carry some type of location - aware technology .
I 'm not sure what Nokia means by " enhanced speech and data transmission , " and have asked the company to clarify exactly what those specific patents do cover .
Nokia 's suit surely comes as a surprise to the tech community , as it had not publicly made any indication that it believed its intellectual property rights had been violated .
That said , it 's not the first suit between the two companies : a suit last year involved GSM , UMTS , and Wi -Fi standards .
A request for comment has been sent to Apple , however no response has been received as of press time .
Also , Apple has sued HTC for patent infringement .
( See also " 7 Patent Lawsuits That Affect Your Tech . " )
More details to come as we receive them .
This story , " Nokia Sues Apple Over iPad " was originally published by Technologizer .
Head to the local big - box electronics store and buy yourself : a Panasonic home theater system ( $ 500 ) , an Insignia 50 - inch plasma HDTV ( $ 700 ) , an Apple 8 GB iPod Touch ( $ 175 ) , a Sony 3 - D Blu-ray disc player ( $ 219 ) , a Sony 300 - CD changer ( $ 209 ) , a Garmin portable GPS ( $ 139 ) , a Sony 14.1 - megapixel digital camera ( $ 200 ) , a Dell Inspiron laptop computer ( $ 450 ) and a TiVo high - definition digital video recorder ( $ 300 ) .
This is not an endorsement of any of these products .
I do n't own any of them ( though if the manufacturers are keen to find out my opinion , they can send me some non-returnable demos ) .
But you can fill your shopping cart with these items for less than $ 3,000 .
The average American worker needs to work 152 hours to earn that much money .
In 1964 , however , the average American worker could buy one pricey stereo from Radio Shack after working 152 hours .
My colleague at the American Enterprise Institute , Mark Perry , a University of Michigan economist , crunched the numbers .
What 's the point ?
Well , there 's a big one .
We are constantly told that the American working man is so much worse off than he used to be .
And if you measure income one way , you can make that case .
Indeed , the Democratic Party in recent years has become obsessed in looking at the economy only in that one negative way to justify its avocation : giving more stuff to the poor and middle class because they are " falling behind . "
The wealth of nations , according to Adam Smith , the founding father of the market economy , is not measured in GDP or cash reserves .
Rather , it " consists in the cheapness of provision and all other necessaries and conveniences of life . "
By that standard , American wealth in general , and the wealth of poor Americans , has skyrocketed in the last half - century , and the government had relatively little -- though certainly not nothing -- to do with it .
And it 's not just that consumer items are cheaper than ever , they 're also better than ever .
An iPhone today is n't just better than yesterday 's phones , it 's better than yesterday 's cameras , calculators , portable stereos and computers .
Many of the standard features on a 2010 Honda Accord were considered luxury items 10 years ago and almost unimaginable 20 years ago .
Now , you might argue that while , say , TiVo might be a great convenience , it 's not a necessity .
Given the divergent TV tastes in the Goldberg household , I might disagree .
But fair enough :
The real necessities are food , clothing , shelter and medical care , according to most people .
Well , food has gotten steadily cheaper -- for everybody -- over the last century .
For instance , Perry calculates that eggs cost about one - tenth as much as they did at the beginning of the century .
Moreover , Americans , with their allegedly stingy government , pay about half as much for food as Europeans do .
So , what has gotten more expensive ?
According to St. Lawrence University economist Steven Horwitz , there are only four areas that have become more expensive over the last century as measured in their " labor price " : housing , cars , higher education and medical care .
With the arguable exception of a college degree , all are marked with wildly improved quality .
And the main reason for rising medical and college costs ( and to a lesser degree housing costs ) is that the government has distorted the market by " helping . "
For example , Rep. Paul Ryan , R - Wis. , underwent Lasik eye surgery in 2000 .
He paid cash , and it cost $ 2,000 an eye .
" Since then , " he told the Washington Post , " it 's been revolutionized three times and now costs $ 800 an eye .
This sector is n't immune from free - market principles . "
No , but it is protected from them .
Even so , the costs of housing , food and clothing combined have dropped over the last century from about 75 percent of the average family 's expenditures to around 35 percent , largely thanks to the ability of the market to democratize innovation and decrease the cost of necessities and conveniences .
None of this is to say that the middle class and the poor are n't facing tough times , or that our government policies are perfectly suited to their needs .
But ever since the dawn of the Obama presidency millennia ago , the air has been thick with claims that government needs to get much more deeply involved in the private sector .
According to Obama and Co. , only government can provide what the working people in America need , and " doing nothing " is the only unacceptable suggestion .
" The one thing I do n't want to hear , " as Obama likes to say , is that more government is n't the answer .
Maybe he should get his hearing checked by the same guy who did Ryan 's eyes .
news LessMusic
Is there a television station less bland than MuchMusic nowadays ?
Once upon a time , MuchMusic was fresh , low - tech , and spunky .
( Yes , we can call the old MuchMusic “ spunky ” with a straight face .
This was a different era , when spunky was actually good . )
Okay , we admit that Torontoist has written about MuchMusic sucking previously , so this is not exactly a new thing .
But a new development has arisen in the saga of MuchMusic ’s decline : namely , their recent application to the CRTC for amendment of their broadcasting licence .
The proposed changes will largely render MuchMusic even less recognizable as the network that was still so relevant and important as recently as a decade ago .
The largest and most obvious change in Much ’s proposed new licence ?
The videos .
Specifically , Much wants to drop their minimum airing time of music videos from 50 % of airtime to 25 % .
They also want to count “ music video programs ” for that 25 % requirement , which would presumably include shows like Video On Trial , which have music videos in them but are not really a vehicle for airing the videos per se .
Given that Much currently airs Video on Trial in between three and six hours almost every day of the week , this is a big deal for them .
Much ’s argument for changing the licence in this regard is twofold : first , that people can watch music videos through other sources ( i.e. , Youtube ) , and second , that there just are n’t as many music videos as there used to be .
We ’re going to come back to that second point a bit later on , but let ’s focus on the first for now .
One of the reasons people generally watch music videos on YouTube ?
Here ’s a thought : maybe it ’s because the vast majority of programming MuchMusic uses to fulfill its music video requirements happens overnight .
All of the famous MuchMusic “ specialty shows ” — shows like The Wedge , RapCity , Loud , and MuchVibe — now air at 3 a .m. on weekday nights , which is of course the perfect time for a discerning young music fan to learn about new bands in their favorite genre .
The generic MuchMegaHits now airs at 2 and 7 a.m. daily .
UR11 , the internet - themed vote - for - your - fave - videos show complete with lolspeak title and lack of respect for the younger generation ’s intellect , airs at a comparatively accessible 11 p.m .
What ’s on Much during the daytime ?
Well , today , you can watch My Date With … ( it ’s Fall Out Boy ! ) , Love Court , Video on Trial , Punk’d , Pimp My Ride , My Own Show , Styl’d , Buffy the Vampire Slayer , When I Was 17 , The Vampire Diaries , an airing of the movie Centre Stage , and then The Vampire Diaries again .
The only show with actual , uninterrupted videos in it is MuchOnDemand .
That ’s one hour of videos , between 1 p.m. through to midnight .
Apparently , MuchMusic thinks this minuscule level of prime - time video airplay is too difficult to maintain .
What do they want to replace it with ?
That ’s in the licence amendment proposal as well : they want to increase the amount of time they can spend airing dramatic series and cartoons ( from 15 % up to 20 % ) and the amount of time they can spend airing movies ( from six hours a week up to 10 % of airtime , which is a little more than sixteen hours a week ) .
Oh , but it gets better than that !
MuchMusic , a channel that was once defined by its Canadian content , a channel which sold its Canadian content in numerous foreign television markets successfully , now thinks that Canadian content is too hard to produce at current levels !
Hence , they request a 5 % drop in the amount of Canadian content airtime ( from 60 % down to 55 % ) , and to entirely abolish the requirement that half of their programs from 6 p.m. through midnight be Canadian .
On the bright side , this might mean a lot less Video on Trial in prime time ( but then again that ’s about the last entertaining show MuchMusic still bothers to make ) .
Oh , and MuchMusic also wants to remove the requirement that they air French - language music videos .
( They currently “ fulfill ” this requirement by airing French Kiss .
Remember French Kiss ?
Well , you can watch it even today !
If you get up at 6:30 a.m. , the only time it ever airs . )
Their argument here is that other music channels like MusiquePlus and MusiMax serve that need , which is of course bullshit : the point of the French - language video requirement was never to serve French - language audiences , because MusiquePlus showed up less than two years after MuchMusic did ; the point of the French - language video requirement was to offer English - speaking audiences the chance to see French - language videos .
It was meant to be educational , to promote Francophone music culture .
( If nothing else , it informed English Canada about Mitsou . )
But so long as we ’re discussing the stimulation of culture , let ’s talk about MuchMusic ’s other stated reason for pursuing this licence amendment : the argument that there are n’t enough music videos for them to easily fulfill their airing requirements .
You know what ’s interesting ?
In addition to wanting to cut half of of their video airing requirement , they also want to cut half of the money they ’re required to contribute to MuchFACT , the fund that assists emerging Canadian talent to produce music videos .
Much is quite upfront about their reasoning : since they wo n’t have to air so many videos , they should n’t have to spend so much money .
If there ’s any element of the proposed licence change that ’s more odious than this , we ’re hardpressed to name it .
MuchFACT and VideoFACT before it are responsible for the growth and nurturing of so many major Canadian music acts that it ’s ridiculous : k.d. lang , Sarah McLachlan , Blue Rodeo , Sloan , The Pursuit of Happiness , Nelly Furtado , Bran Van 3000 , K - os , and Metric , and those are just the beginning of a very , very long list .
( The videos in this post are just a few of the products of MuchFACT and VideoFACT . )
So many bands that otherwise would n’t have gotten off the ground have fans to this very day because of VideoFACT , from the Skydiggers to Sandbox .
( Okay , so maybe nobody remembers Sandbox , but their guitarist went on to become Bubbles in the Trailer Park Boys . )
But none of that matters , because MuchMusic , and more specifically CTV , do n’t want to spend that money .
And that ’s what this licence amendment proposal boils down to , of course : money .
CTV bought MuchMusic and ran it right into the ground , and instead of actually trying to make a channel people want to watch , their plan is to do everything cheaper : fewer Canadian shows , less of those oh - so - rare videos , less money promoting Canadian culture .
Of course , the irony is that MuchMusic used to be one of the cheapest networks to operate ever , before CTV came along , and it produced tons of Canadian culture and made money doing it ; in fact , it was Canadian content regulations of the sort CTV is now trying to evade that made MuchMusic so successful in the first place .
And that tells you everything you need to know , does n’t it ?
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
A group of 10 Democratic senators introduced legislation on Tuesday that would grant subpoena power to the oil spill commission that President Obama appointed last month .
The power of subpoena would allow the panel to force witnesses to testify or produce evidence for the investigation .
“ Subpoena power is absolutely necessary to make sure that all responsible parties provide us with the information and evidence we need in order to prevent an economic and environmental disaster of this magnitude from ever happening again , ” said Jeanne Shaheen ( D - NH ) , one of the bill ’s cosponsors .
John Kerry ( D - Mass. ) , another sponsor of the legislation , said that without subpoena power , “ a commission is just window dressing . ”
Obama announced the formation of the panel on May 22 , appointing former Democratic Sen. Bob Graham and former Republican EPA administrator William K. Reilly as the two co-chairs .
The panel is charged with investigating what happened to lead up to the explosion and spill from the Deepwater Horizon , and how to move forward with offshore drilling .
Additional members will be added to the panel in the coming weeks .
The president , however , cannot grant the commission subpoena power , which would allow it to access crucial information — documents , videos , witnesses and anything else that might be needed for the investigation .
In addition to Kerry and Shaheen , the bill ’s sponsors are : Byron Dorgan ( D - N.D. ) , Patty Murray ( D - Wash . ) , Mary Landrieu ( D - La. ) , Bob Menendez ( D - NJ ) , Bob Casey ( D - Pa. ) , Amy Klobuchar ( D - Minn. ) , Mark Begich ( D - Ark. ) , and Kirsten Gillibrand ( D - N.Y . ) .
The commission is expected to issue a report on the Deepwater Horizon spill and recommendations for future of offshore drilling to the president by the end of the year .
But as of last week , Graham said it still had n’t talked to BP .
Meanwhile , some have criticized Reilly ’s ties to the oil industry as possibly affecting his ability to preside over the panel .
UPDATE : The White House issued a statement noting that while the president can’t give the commission subpoena power , he “ has committed the full cooperation of the federal government to the Commission and its mandate , ” said spokesman Ben LaBolt .
“ The President looks forward to working with Members of Congress to ensure that the Commission has the tools and resources it needs to get the job done and that nothing slows down the efforts to get the Commission up and running as soon as possible . ”
The adapted virus that immunized hundreds of millions of people against smallpox has now been enlisted in the war on cancer .
Vaccinia poxvirus joins a herpesvirus and a host of other pathogens on a growing list of engineered viruses entering late - stage human testing against cancer .
After a decade of development of so - called oncolytic viruses , the newest strains hold the most promise yet , researchers say .
This new generation of viruses has been genetically " targeted and armed , " says Winald Gerritsen of the VU University Medical Center in Amsterdam , who is involved in an early human trial of an engineered adeno - associated virus that attacks glioblastoma , an aggressive form of brain cancer .
In a two - pronged attack , these viruses specifically target tumor cells while delivering a cargo of immune - boosting genes .
In contrast , viruses that cause cancer , such as the human papillomavirus that is responsible for most cases of cervical cancer , disrupt a cell 's genome , thereby triggering out - of - control growth .
When the engineered viruses recognize and infect cancer cells , they replicate and sometimes destroy their hosts .
Several of the viruses also release the gene for granulocyte - macrophage colony - stimulating factor ( GM - CSF ) an immune system protein .
The GM - CSF attracts a swarm of white blood cells and other immune system operatives that mount a further attack on the tumor .
The vaccinia virus has been developed by the biotechnology company Jennerex — named after Edward Jenner , who in the 18th century discovered that a cowpox virus could inoculate against smallpox .
It showed effectiveness against liver cancer in a phase II clinical trial and will move into a phase III trial later this year , David Kirn , an oncologist and the company 's president and chief executive officer , said at a recent meeting of the American Society for Gene & Cell Therapy in Washington , D.C.
In the phase II study , 18 of 24 patients survived at least 12 months ; with standard treatment , only about half of patients survive one year .
The company also tested the virus in a 23 - person , early - stage trial against colorectal , lung , ovarian and skin cancers .
The virus cannot infect noncancerous cells , Kirn explained , because researchers deleted its thymidine kinase gene , which it needs to replicate in the body .
However , some 80 percent of solid tumors churn out extra thymidine kinase , which is thought to prevent cancer cell death .
The result is a " viral factory " inside cancer cells , Kirn said .
" Within 24 hours we see really impressive replication and spread within tumors . "
Replication of vaccinia is the first step to killing cancer cells and shrinking tumors with this approach .
Later this year , the company plans to launch a phase III clinical trial in advanced liver cancer patients , in which the virus will be added to standard antibody treatment .
Patients undergoing this viral therapy typically experience mild flulike symptoms , owing to immune response to the virus , Kirn said , but the company has reported no other side effects .
Most Americans older than 40 received vaccinia as children in smallpox vaccines , but the company found no evidence that having had this vaccination hindered the effectiveness of the new virus .
Meanwhile , an engineered herpesvirus targeting advanced melanoma , developed by the company BioVex , has entered phase III clinical trials to test for effectiveness .
Some 200 patients have received the virus as part of the trial , and the company expects to announce early results from the test by the end of the year .
The group is launching a phase III trial of the engineered virus , called OncoVex , for head and neck cancer .
Like the Jennerex product , the herpesvirus delivers GM - CSF to tumors , creating a localized immune response .
A similar virus , called H101 , is already marketed in China to treat head and neck cancers .
Finally , a Calgary , Alberta–based company , Oncolytics Biotech , is testing a reovirus ( an RNA virus often found in human lungs but thought to be nonpathogenic ) against several types of cancer , including that of the lung and skin as well as head and neck malignancies .
The company says the reovirus selectively infects cancer cells over healthy ones because once a cell turns malignant it stops making an antiviral factor called protein kinase R .
The reovirus takes advantage of this deficit to replicate inside cancer cells .
Researchers have been experimenting with oncolytic viruses for decades , but early attempts were quite cautious and the early viruses showed limited effectiveness , says Michael Lairmore , associate director of basic sciences at The Ohio State University Comprehensive Cancer Center .
The targeted viruses " have the potential to add a new tool to our arsenal , " he says , because they home in on cancer cells more aggressively .
Both Lairmore and Gerritsen cautioned , however , that oncolytic viruses will still need to be paired with chemo or radiation therapies to achieve the best results .
" The response rates we 're seeing [ in early human trials ] are very similar to what we see with all new cancer drugs , " Gerritsen says .
Of patients who have received only the virus , without other treatment , " about 5 to 10 percent of patients respond really well , " he added .
" So it 's only when we combine oncolytic viruses with standard treatment that we can expect to see some very good effects . "
The most recent proposal for Rank - N types is Don 's linked FPH paper .
In my opinion it 's also the nicest of the bunch .
The main goal of all these systems is to require as few type annotations as possible .
The problem is that when going from Hindley / Milner to System F we lose principal types and type inference becomes undecidable – hence the need for type annotations .
The basic idea of the " boxy types " work is to propagate type annotations as far as possible .
The type checker switches between type checking and type inference mode and hopefully no more annotations are required .
The downside here is that whether or not a type annotation is required is hard to explain because it depends on implementation details .
Remy 's MLF system is so far the nicest proposal ; it requires the least amount of type annotations and is stable under many code transformations .
The problem is that it extends the type system .
The following standard example illustrates this :
choose :: forall a . a -> a -> a id :: forall b. b -> b choose id :: forall c. ( c -> c ) -> ( c -> c ) choose id :: ( forall c. c -> c ) -> ( forall c. c -> c )
Both the above types are admissable in System F .
The first one is the standard Hindley / Milner type and uses predicative instantiation , the second one uses impredicative instantiation .
Neither type is more general than the other , so type inference would have to guess which type the user wants , and that is usually a bad idea .
MLF instead extends System F with bounded quantification .
The principal ( = most general ) type for the above example would be :
choose id :: forall ( a < forall b. b -> b ) .
a -> a
You can read this as " choose id has type a to a where a must be an instance of forall b. b -> b " .
Interestingly , this alone is no more powerful than standard Hindley / Milner .
MLF therefore also allows rigid quantification .
The following two types are equivalent :
( forall b. b -> b ) -> ( forall b. b -> b ) forall ( a = forall b. b -> b ) .
a -> a
Rigid quantification is introduced by type annotations and the technical details are indeed quite complicated .
The upside is that MLF only needs very few type annotations and there is a simple rule for when they are needed .
The downsides are :
Types can become harder to read , because the right hand side of ' < ' can contain further nested quantifications .
Until recently no explicitly typed variant of MLF existed .
This is important for typed compiler transformations ( like GHC does ) .
Part 3 of Boris Yakobowski's PhD thesis has a first attempt at such a variant .
( Parts 1 & 2 are also interesting ; they describe a more intuitive representation of MLF via " Graphical Types " . )
Coming back to FPH , its basic idea is to use MLF techniques internally , but to require type annotations on let bindings .
If you only want the Hindley / Milner type , then no annotations are necessary .
If you want a higher - rank type , you need to specify the requested type , but only at the let ( or top - level ) binding .
First off , do n’t ask me why the hell they have decided to wear ‘ crazy sun protectors ’ in a clearly well lit studio , they both look like bloody idiots .
Back on topic though , Tinie Tempah and Labrinth once again combined at the Live Lounge to give an acoustic performance of Tinie ’s latest single Frisky – which was pretty good to tell you the truth .
It shows he has more strings to his bow than just Rap and Drum ‘ n ’ Bass ( lol ) .
The second performance was a cover of Muse ’s rebellious , antiestablishmentarianism fuelled track Uprising .
For some reason he decided to add in lyrics from Baddiel , Skinner & The Lightning Seeds ’ – Three Lions , in what was probably a cheap attempt to tap in to the England ’s World Cup fever ( to boost single sales no doubt ) .
I ’m not sure whether I like the cover or not , but I appreciate the fact that he went quite left field with his choice of song .
Tinie Tempah – Frisky ( Live Lounge Version )
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
Tinie Tempah – Uprising ( Muse Cover @ Radio 1 ’s Live Lounge )
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
Algunos legisladores estadounidenses afirman que el problema de seguridad en M�xico no tiene que ver s�lo con la presencia de armas , la mayor �a de ellas fabricadas en EU
Washington | Jueves 20 de mayo de 2010
Notimex | El Universal
16:45
London Activists Target Of Police Intimidation
north america / mexico | repression / prisoners | press release Wednesday June 23 , 2010 11:17 Wednesday June 23 , 2010 11:17 by Common cause - London - Common cause - Ontario Anarchist Organisation by Common cause - London - Common cause - Ontario Anarchist Organisation
Common Cause Press Release
June 22 , 2010
For Immediate Release :
The recent arrests of two London activists for promoting disturbance  represent yet another dramatic escalation in the Canadian states ongoing attempts to criminalize dissent .
We denounce these arrests as the shameful police intimidation tactics they are , and declare our solidarity with the two individuals arrested including our organizations youngest member , Andrew Cadotte .
It is clear that politicians and police officers in this country are more than willing to bend the rules to try and intimidate those seeking to challenge the continued domination of the poor by the rich .
By referring to postering as property destruction , the police are attempting to build a psychological connection between lawful dissent and violence where no such connection exists .
The police cited the negative message of the posters as grounds for holding these individuals overnight in jail .
But the true negative messages  plastered around the city are in the sexist advertisements that promote women as emotionless commodities , and on the countless billboards that sell apathetic consumerism as a way of life .
Public space should belong to the community , not to corporations , and should be a space where we can freely express our ideas as part of the democratic process .
This freedom must be regularly exercised and vigorously defended , or else it will be trampled on by the repressive nature of the state .
This is why several of our members joined with the direct action on Thursday , June 17th that covered our citys downtown core with the very posters our comrades were arrested for putting up two nights earlier .
As anarchists and social justice activists , we have every intention to continue promoting disturbance of the capitalist status quo , guided by our undying commitment to international class struggle and , ultimately , revolution .
Common Cause - London
Common Cause is an anarchist organization with branches in London , Hamilton , Toronto and Ottawa .
--
Common Cause
P.O. Box 347 , Station E
772 Dovercourt Rd .
Toronto , ON , Canada ,
M6H 4E3
Email : commoncauseontario@gmail.com
Web : http://linchpin.ca
Online Forum : http://anarchistblackcat.org/viewforum.php?f=61
May 25 , 2010 —
Captain Matt Smith spent parts of the last five semesters hunkered down in forward operating bases in Kuwait and Afghanistan .
But the Army intelligence officer did n’t let that geographical challenge — and the fact that he had to wear a weapon , even during exams — stop him from graduating this spring from the USC Viterbi School of Engineering with a master ’s degree in electrical engineering .
Captain Matt Smith at commencement ceremonies on May 14 , 2010 , standing as he was recognized by Viterbi Dean Yannis Yortsos .
Smith , 25 , attended EE classes , chatted with professors and took exams 100 % online through the Viterbi School ’s Distance Education Network ( DEN ) .
“ Going to graduation was the first time I ’d stepped on campus , ” says Smith of the May 14 commencement ceremonies .
“ What a great place . "
Viterbi Dean Yannis Yortsos gave special recognition to Smith during his commencement address .
“ Matt has accomplished more than most students have by the quarter - century age mark , and we ’re proud to welcome him to the Trojan family , ” Yortsos said later .
Several years ago , after examining a variety of graduate programs , Smith decided to apply for his degree because of the Viterbi school 's reputation and the flexibility offered by the DEN program .
He had earned his bachelor ’s degree in physics ( with a minor in biomedical engineering ) from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , where he enrolled in the Army ROTC program .
Following graduation from MIT , he attended schooling at Ft. Huachuca in Arizona and was then stationed at Ft. Gordon in Georgia with the 513th Military Intelligence Brigade .
But halfway through his four - year service to the Army , Smith decided he wanted to pursue advanced studies .
So he began investigating options that would allow him to continue his graduate education wherever he was stationed .
Captain Matt Smith on Bagram Airfield in Afghanistan .
At first , Smith says , he was skeptical that an online degree would have “ the same credibility ” as earning a master ’s on an elite university campus .
Then he discovered USC ’s DEN program .
“ It changed my perspective of online degrees to see an engineering school of USC ’s caliber offer a distance education program , ” says Smith .
“ It was definitely a perfect fit . ”
The Army ’s tuition assistance program was helpful also , as it offered subsidies to help Smith pursue his education while serving both stateside and deployed .
But the journey was not always easy .
During his very first semester , he was sent to Kuwait during final exams .
“ Thankfully Professor Jenkins , my EE 401 instructor , and the DEN office were very accommodating , ” he says .
“ They allowed me to delay my finals until after I got back . ”
Keith Jenkins , a professor of electrical engineering , says it was easy to forget that Smith was a world away at the time .
“ He would turn in his homework assignments on time , take the exams , and turn in term projects on the same day as the on - campus students , ” says Jenkins .
“ But it was interesting to meet him for the first time at commencement — I knew his name and his work , but had no idea what he looked like or was like in person .
He was unassuming and personable , and a joy to speak with . “
During parts of his last two semesters , Smith was deployed at Bagram Airfield in Afghanistan .
He would spend 12 - hour days , seven days a week , providing military intelligence support for strategic decision - makers and combat units on the ground .
Then he ’d throw down dinner and head back to the spare living quarters he called his “ hut , ” and attend courses online , participate in class discussions , and study well past midnight most evenings .
Smith 's " hut " on Bagram Airfield , and the Dell computer where he watched all lectures .
“ Sometimes the base would take rocket fire and my first thought would be ‘ Man , this will make it harder to get back to my room and finish my assignment , ’ ” says Smith .
Connectivity in the huts was usually not a problem .
Calling a professor from a live phone line was , at times .
For example , he recalls taking EE 529 : Optics with Professor Armand R. Tanguay , Jr. , of Electrical Engineering - Electrophysics .
“ For my project presentation , we had to reroute a government line through Fort Bragg to call into USC , while the class viewed slides I 'd prepared , ” says Smith .
Tanguay remarks that Smith 's presentation was one of the best of the semester .
" Can you imagine the dedication required of a graduate student to make these unusual arrangements and then actually present his final term project from a military base in Afghanistan ? " says Tanguay .
“ He exemplifies all of the key qualities that we strive for in our graduates : intelligence , conceptual understanding , professionalism , and perseverance , along with a " can - do " attitude . "
One advantage of being deployed ?
Smith says he had none of the distractions — such as a girlfriend or nights out with friends — that DEN students in the United States might contend with .
Smith in front of an F - 16 on Bagram Airfield .
“ You get back from work on the base and you have no flat screen TV and no sports bars to go watch the games , it ’s just you and your room , ” says Smith , who grew up just east of Cleveland in Shaker Heights , Ohio .
Currently Smith is stationed at Fort Gordon in Augusta , Georgia with the 513th military intelligence brigade .
After he finishes his commitment in early 2011 , Smith plans to pursue a career in medical physics , defense research or quantitative finance .
“ My focus was signal and image processing , and all these fields are different applications of the concepts I learned while at the Viterbi School , ” Smith says .
Allow me a moment to step away from the usual voice of this website .
What I am about to write has absolutely nothing to do with hockey .
If you live outside of Nashville , you may not be aware , but our city was hit by a 500 - year flood over the last few days .
The national news coverage gave us 15 minutes , but went back to focusing on a failed car bomb and an oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
While both are clearly important stories , was that any reason to ignore our story ?
It may not be as terror - sexy as a failed car bomb or as eco-sexy as an oil spill , but that ’s no reason to be ignored .
The Cumberland River crested at its highest level in over 80 years .
Nashville had its highest rainfall totals since records began .
People drowned .
Billions of dollars in damage occurred .
It is the single largest disaster to hit Middle Tennessee since the Civil War .
And yet …no one knows about it .
Does it really matter ?
Eventually , it will …as I mentioned , there are billions of dollars in damage .
It seems bizarre that no one seems to be aware that we just experienced what is quite possibly the costliest non-hurricane disaster in American history .
The funds to rebuild will have to come from somewhere , which is why people need to know .
It ’s hard to believe that we will receive much relief if there is n’t a perception that we need it .
But let ’s look at the other side of the coin for a moment .
A large part of the reason that we are being ignored is because of who we are .
Think about that for just a second .
Did you hear about looting ?
Did you hear about crime sprees ?
No …you did n’t .
You heard about people pulling their neighbors off of rooftops .
You saw a group of people trying to move two horses to higher ground .
No …we did n’t loot .
Our biggest warning was , “ Do n’t play in the floodwater . ”
When you think about it … that speaks a lot for our city .
A large portion of why we were being ignored was that we were n’t doing anything to draw attention to ourselves .
We were handling it on our own .
Some will be quick to find fault in the way rescue operations were handled , but the fact of the matter is that the catastrophe could not have been prevented and it is simply ignorant beyond all reason to suggest otherwise .
It is a flood .
It was caused by rain .
You can try to find a face to stick this tragedy to , but you ’ll be wrong .
Parts of Nashville that could never even conceivably be underwater were underwater .
Some of them still are .
Opry Mills and the Opryland Hotel are , for all intents and purposes , destroyed .
People died sitting in standstill traffic on the Interstate .
We saw boats going down West End .
And , of course , we all saw the surreal image of the portable building from Lighthouse Christian floating into traffic and being destroyed when cars were knocked into it .
I ’m still having trouble comprehending all of it .
And yet …life will go on .
We ’ll go back to work , to school , to our lives … and we ’ll carry on .
In a little over a month , I ’ll be on this website talking about the draft .
In October , we ’ll be discussing the new Predators ’ season with nary a thought of these past few days .
But in a way , they changed everyone in this town .
We now know that that it can happen to us … but also know that we can handle it .
Because we are Nashville .
Share this : Reddit
Twitter
Facebook
Pocket
LinkedIn
Email
Advertisements
Since the World Cup began Glenn Beck has been at war with soccer .
First , Beck claimed that America hates the World Cup , and then he equated the World Cup with the bubonic plague , so why does Beck hate the World Cup ?
The answer is in the ratings .
Almost 3 million Americans are tuning into the World Cup compared to the 1.7 million who watch Beck sinking show .
This all started on Beck ’s June 11 radio show when he proclaimed that he and America hate the World Cup , “ It does n’t matter how you sell it to us .
It does n’t matter how many celebrities you get .
It does n’t matter how many bars open early .
It does n’t matter how many beer commercials they run .
We do n’t want the World Cup .
We do n’t like the World Cup .
We do n’t like soccer .
We want nothing to do with it .
You can package it any way — you can spend all kinds of money .
You can force it on our television sets .
We will not enjoy the World Cup . ”
Advertisements
On his radio show on Friday , Beck compared the World Cup to the bubonic plague :
Beck said , “ I want to make a statement to all of the soccer fans in our listening audience .
I have been getting an awful lot of heat .
We ’ve had a ton of mail , much of it from overseas , and I have been asked to address it , so if I may just take this time to say that when I said that World Cup soccer was something that would never interest Americans .
It is a loser sport .
I meant it , and I want you to know that the retraction will never come out of this mouth …
But I want you to know , but especially you Europeans , you ’ve done so much for the world .
You ’ve brought us socialism .
You ’ve brought us two world wars .
You brought us the bubonic plague , and now you bring us World Cup soccer . ”
I originally thought that Beck hated the World Cup , because it was something that he felt that “ real Americans ” should not associate with , but it turns out that Mr. Beck ’s hatred may actually be jealousy .
If your follow the television ratings , or at least read us here , you know that Glenn Beck is hemorrhaging viewers .
Viewers are fleeing his show each week .
It is getting to the point where every week brings Glenn a new all time low in total viewers .
Contrary to what Beck has said Americans are enjoying the World Cup , and the ratings back it up .
According to the AP , Friday morning ’s US - Slovenia match was watched by 5.2 million Americans .
First the first 23 matches in the tournament through Friday , an average of 2.95 million Americans have watched on ABC / ESPN .
An additional 3.4 million Americans have followed the matches live on the Internet .
Unlike Beck , the World Cup is has been pulling record ratings .
I know that Beck is trying to play to his audience of stereotypical right wingers who reject anything foreign as un-American , but perhaps , we can learn something from these ratings .
Maybe , just maybe , Americans are n’t as closed minded as Glenn Beck hopes , because from the look of it , Americans are a whole lot closer to rejecting Glenn Beck and his divisive hate speech , than they are to rejecting the global unity and cooperation which is represented by the World Cup .
Verizon Wireless chief executive Lowell McAdam said Tuesday that his company is working with Google on a tablet computer .
The move is a competitive hedge against rival AT&T , which carries the Apple iPad tablet device , according to a report in the Wall Street Journal .
McAdam was quoted as saying that tablets are among the " next big wave of opportunities , " and an evolutionary step in the carrier 's relationship with Google .
Verizon carries many of Google 's top Android - based smartphones , including the Motorola Droid and HTC Droid Incredible .
" We 're looking at all the things Google has in its archives that we could put on a tablet to make it a great experience , " he reportedly said .
Silicon Alley Insider 's Dan Frommer writes that the leak " looks like a Verizon executive giving the WSJ a story to get more leverage in his negotiations with Apple . "
I agree .
We can't jump to conclusions just yet when it comes to AT&T and Apple vs. Google and Verizon , since negotiations have been ongoing between Verizon and Apple for the iPhone , much less the iPad .
( Nothing to lose : Verizon .
Everything to lose : Google . )
Business intentions aside , I wonder which manufacturer Google will partner with to make a tablet , and just how involved the company will be with the device .
Judging by its Android smartphone offerings , the more involved the company is in the vision , the better the end product -- a necessity for a product that offers " an experience " like a slate tablet computer .
Can Google solve your mobile problems with an Android tablet ?
Or will it simply emulate and conquer ?
The following is an empirical method for determining the authority of the Bible .
By clicking on any of the major divisions of study diagrammed below , or listed above , you can further
explore why many grant authority to the Bible .
Gay soldiers subpoena Obama
The gay soldiers arrested outside the White House protesting " Do n't Ask , Don't Tell " will annouce today that they 're demanding that President Obama testify in their trial on minor civil disobedience charges .
Their novel argument : Obama himself called on gay rights advocates to pressure him , so they were just following orders .
" Do n't Ask " has energized gay rights activists frustrated with the White House 's deliberate pace , even as Democratic leaders are frustrated with continued protests , as repeal is on track for next year .
The subpoena in the defense of Lieutenant Dan Choi and Captain James Pietrangelo’s
As the advisory puts it ,
The subpoena seeks to compel the testimony of President Barack Obama who has , on several occasions as President and Commander in Chief ( and previously as a Senator and Presidential Candidate ) called on the LGBT community to " pressure " him to change the DADT law and policy , thus allowing gay service members to serve their country openly and honorably .
The subpoena of the President is necessary for the defense to prove that Defendants were following and obeying lawful orders or directives by their President and Commander in Chief , and were therefore under an obligation and authority to act as they did in order to pressure him - in a non-violent , visible way - on this important public issue .
In addition , these statements support the contention that Defendants were acting out of necessity , in order to prevent discrimination and greater harm to gay service members now serving .
More detail from their lawyers here .
Just in case you were wondering what America 's rolling sociaization / nationalization will look like , here is Minn Fed 's Narayana Kocherlakota telling it how it is .
Taxing Risk
Narayana R. Kocherlakota - President
Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis
Economic Club of Minnesota
Minneapolis , Minnesota
May 10 , 2010
In the mid-2000s , we — as investors , home buyers , and bank lenders — collectively bet that house prices would not fall by 30 percent in most major metropolitan areas in three years .
We were wrong .
This mismatch between our expectations and our realizations was the ultimate source of the financial crisis of 2007 - 09 .
The Congress of the United States is currently considering legislation to restructure financial regulation .
However , no matter how well - written or how well - intentioned the legislation may be , no law can completely eliminate the kinds of collective investor and regulator mistakes that lead to financial crises .
These mistakes have taken place periodically for centuries .
They will certainly do so again .
And once these crises happen , there are strong economic forces that lead policymakers — for the best of reasons — to bail out financial firms .
In other words , no legislation can completely eliminate bailouts .
Any new financial regulatory structure must keep this reality in mind .
My theme today is that , although bailouts are inevitable , their magnitude can be limited by taxes on financial institutions .
I arrive at this conclusion about the usefulness of taxes by thinking through an analogy that I ’ll develop at some length .
I will argue that , knowing bailouts are inevitable , financial institutions fail to internalize all the risks that their investment decisions impose on society .
Economists would say that bailouts thereby create a risk “ externality . ”
There is nearly a century of economic thought about how to deal with externalities of various sorts — and the usual answer is through taxation .
I will suggest that the logic that argues for taxation to deal with other externalities is exactly applicable in this case as well .
As always , any views I share today are my own , and not necessarily those of others in the Federal Reserve System .
My case for taxing banks is distinct from one often heard in popular discourse .
This latter logic usually runs : Taxpayers put X dollars into the banking sector , and the banking sector should repay all of that money .
This argument is , I think , fundamentally grounded in a desire for revenge :
Some big banks — perhaps now gone forever — took our money , and so all big banks must pay .
Taxes are seen as punishment — a means of exacting retribution from the guilty ( them ) to compensate the innocent ( us ) .
My story is different .
At least some big banks did make socially undesirable choices .
But — in large part — they were led to make those choices by incentives within the tax and regulatory system .
Parts of these incentives were shaped by the ultimately correct expectation that some bailouts would take place in the event of a financial crisis .
These government guarantees — no matter how implicit they might have been — created an incentive for financial institutions to make socially undesirable choices .
Taxation is a useful way to correct this incentive .
Earlier , I claimed that bailouts of financial institutions are certain to occur in financial crises .
Why do I say this ?
There are many forces at play , but I believe that the strongest has to do with the very nature of financial intermediation .
Investors in financial institutions always want the ability to pull out their funds quickly .
For this reason , financial institutions ’ liabilities often take the form of short - term debt and deposits .
But such short - term financing instruments are intrinsically prone to self - fulfilling crises of confidence that economists term “ runs . ”
Imagine that Bank X needs $ 100 billion of one - day loans to survive .
This means that for a given lender to be willing to make a $ 1 - billion , one - day loan to Bank X , that lender has to believe that Bank X will get another $ 99 billion in one - day loans .
Then , Bank X may fail simply because every possible lender believes correctly that no lender is willing to lend to Bank X .
Such a crisis of confidence can occur regardless of the true condition of Bank X .
This story is hardly a new one .
It ’s exactly why we have deposit insurance : to prevent runs by reassuring bank depositors that their money is safe .
But the story has huge consequences for how governments operate .
In a financial crisis , there is a tremendous sense of uncertainty .
There are some truly insolvent financial firms out there — but no one knows for sure which ones they are .
And during a crisis , the panic in the air means that any institution — even one with solid fundamentals — may be subjected to a run if its investors lose confidence in its solvency .
In such an atmosphere , contagion effects become extremely powerful .
Even a slight loss by one short - term creditor can lead all short - term lenders to rush to the safety of Treasury bills .
Such flight would endanger the survival of key financial institutions , even if they are fundamentally sound .
Governments cannot risk such systemic collapse , and so during times of crisis , they end up providing debt guarantees for all financial institutions .
Thus , policymakers inevitably resort to bailouts even when they have explicitly resolved , in the strongest possible terms , to let firms fail .
Many observers of the events of September 2008 have emphasized the need for better resolution mechanisms .
Different people mean different things by this , but most want to impose losses on debt holders .
I ’m not opposed to faster resolutions of bankruptcies .
But I do not believe that better resolution mechanisms will end bailouts .
Indeed , I ’m led to make a prediction .
No matter what mechanisms we legislate now to impose losses on creditors , Congress , or some agency acting on Congress ’ behalf , will block them when we next face a financial crisis .
And Congress will do so for a very good reason : to forestall a run on the key players in the financial system .
So , that ’s my first point : Bailouts are inevitable .
Let me move to my next point : Bailouts create inefficiencies in the allocation of real investment .
Here ’s what I mean .
Financial institutions make investments that are , by their very nature , risky — that is , their returns are not certain .
They finance these investments , at least in part , using debt and deposits .
Now , imagine for a moment that we live in a world without bailouts , so that the government does not provide debt guarantees or deposit insurance .
If a financial institution decided to increase the risk level of its investment portfolio , its debt holders and depositors would face a greater risk of loss .
By way of compensation for that greater risk , they ’d demand a higher yield .
As a result , in the absence of government guarantees , financial institutions would find it more costly to obtain debt financing for highly risky investments than for less risky ones .
This effect , on the margin , would curb a firm ’s appetite for risk .
It would have an especially powerful effect on highly leveraged financial institutions , because high debt - to - asset levels mean higher risk of being unable to fulfill debt obligations .
But now return to the real world , with deposit insurance and debt guarantees , and the inevitability of government bailouts .
Even if they only kick in during financial crises , these guarantees change this natural market relationship between risk and cost .
The depositors and debt holders are now partially insulated from increases in investment risk , and so do not demand a sufficiently high yield from riskier firms .
Financial institutions take on too much risk , because they are no longer deterred from doing so by the high costs of debt finance .
And this missing deterrence is especially relevant for firms that are highly leveraged , because they should be paying out especially high yields on their debts .
In this way , the expectation of bailouts leads to too much capital being allocated toward overly risky ventures .
These misallocations of capital do n’t create the collective mistakes in predictions that generate financial crises .
But the misallocations do mean that society loses a lot from those mistakes — a lot more than is efficient .
What kind of policy would be useful in correcting this inefficiency ?
In what follows , I will offer an analogy from a completely different arena of public policy that can help us think through this key question .
Consider a factory that creates air pollution as a byproduct of operation .
When the firm that owns the factory chooses to produce more output , it incurs various private costs : more raw materials , more labor , and so on .
But the production increase also generates more pollution that will be absorbed by the surrounding community .
The pollution is a social cost of production not paid for , or “ internalized , ” by the firm that generates it .
Economists refer to such costs as “ externalities . ”
This same distinction between private and social costs applies to financial institutions that are facing debt guarantees .
Such guarantees imply that some portion of the risk produced by a firm ’s investment decisions is absorbed by taxpayers .
In making decisions about what to invest in , the firm ignores that portion of risk .
It is a social cost of the project that the private firm does not internalize .
Just like the pollution , the risk borne by taxpayers is an externality — what I will call a “ risk externality . ”
This analogy is useful because economists know a lot about how to deal with externalities .
We can exploit their years of research to address the problem of financial regulation when government bailouts are inevitable .
In particular , that long history of thought says that the best way to correct externalities is by providing the right kinds of incentives through appropriate taxes .
Let me be more specific .
Again , let ’s think about the firm with a polluting factory .
Many of its choices affect the amount of pollution produced , including the amount of time that the firm runs the factory during the workweek , the sorts of antipollution technology employed , and the kind of energy used to run the factory .
Now , the government could regulate the firm ’s pollution levels by controlling each and every one of these choices .
However , to do so , the government has to choose how to trade off these three ( and other ) factors against one another .
Its trade - off decisions will be influenced by both pollution considerations and cost factors .
If antipollution technology is cheap , the government may simply require the firm to invest in that .
But if antipollution technology is expensive , the government may require the firm to switch to using natural gas instead of coal .
Making these trade - offs requires a tremendous amount of firm - specific information and firm - specific cost minimization .
To put it mildly , historical evidence suggests that governments are not very good at such micromanagement of factory - level operation ; that ’s why we have private markets .
The solution to this difficulty is to regulate the amount of pollution produced by the firm , rather than how the firm produces that pollution .
The central problem here is that pollution has a social cost that the firm does not internalize when choosing its level of production .
From society ’s point of view , the firm will overproduce pollution .
However , the firm will choose the socially efficient level of pollution if it is required to pay for — or internalize — the social cost of the pollution .
More concretely , suppose that the firm is told , before choosing its level of production , that the government will measure the amount of pollution that the firm generates and charge the firm a tax that is exactly equal to the social cost of that quantity of pollution .
This policy generates a tax schedule that translates the amount of pollution generated into an amount paid by the firm .
If the firm knows that it faces this tax schedule , its costs of production will include the social cost of pollution , along with labor , materials , energy , and the like .
In this way , what was external to the firm becomes internal .
As a result , the firm will choose the socially efficient level of production .
Just as importantly , it will automatically choose to produce that pollution — and its other more beneficial outputs — in a cost - minimizing fashion .
The government does not need to solve the firm ’s cost-minimization problem .
These lessons about pollution regulation translate directly into lessons about financial regulation .
As in the pollution case , a financial institution should be taxed for the amount of risk it produces that is borne by taxpayers .
The firm will then choose the socially optimal level of risk .
Here ’s my preferred policy .
The firm is told that the government will estimate the expected , discounted value of bailouts that the financial institution ( or any of its stakeholders ) will receive in the future .
I say “ expected ” because the amount of the bailout is uncertain ( and indeed is likely to be zero much of the time ) .
I say “ discounted ” because the bailout may be received next year or in 30 years , and we need to discount accordingly .
Clearly , this estimate will depend on many firm choices and attributes , including its leverage ratio , the maturity structure of its liabilities , the risk characteristics of its investment portfolio , and its incentive compensation schemes .
For example , the expected bailout will be higher for firms with highly risky investments than for firms with less risky portfolios .
Having done this calculation , the government then charges the firm a tax that is exactly equal to the expected discounted value of the firm ’s bailouts .
Just as in the pollution example , this measurement - plus - taxation policy confronts the firm with a tax schedule that translates its choices into a cost paid by the firm .
The tax amount exactly equals the extra cost borne by the taxpayers because of bailouts , appropriately adjusted for risk and the time value of money .
Knowing that it faces this tax schedule , the firm no longer has an incentive to undertake inefficiently risky investments .
Its investment choices will be socially efficient .
It is useful to tax a financial institution producing a risk externality , just as it is useful to tax a firm producing a pollution externality .
The purpose of the tax in both instances is to ensure that the firm pays the full costs — private and social — of its production decisions .
I emphasized that the pollution tax corrects the pollution externality without creating any new inefficiencies for the firm .
The risk tax has the same property .
Policymakers are considering a host of regulatory responses to the events of the past two and a half years , including higher capital requirements , leverage caps , and restrictions on incentive compensation .
All of these potential changes are good in that they serve to lower the amount of risk - taking by financial institutions .
However , they may also create new kinds of inefficiency for the targeted firms .
For example , imposing new restrictions on incentive compensation may hamper a firm ’s ability to motivate its employees .
In contrast , my proposed risk tax , like the pollution tax , corrects the risk externality without creating any new inefficiencies .
The proposed tax does require bank supervisors to calculate the expected present value of future bailout payments .
These calculations are likely to be complex in a number of ways .
Moreover , the calculations could well be controversial .
Financial institutions that follow highly risky strategies get especially high profits when those strategies are working .
Thus , supervisors would be required to levy high risk taxes on exactly those institutions that appear extremely successful .
For these reasons , it would be useful to develop an objective way to compute the required tax using market information .
Here ’s what I have in mind .
Suppose that , for every relevant financial institution , the government issues a “ rescue bond . ”
The rescue bond pays a variable coupon equal to 1/1000 of the transfers made from the taxpayer to the institution or its stakeholders .
( I pick 1/1000 out of the air ; any fixed fraction will do . )
Much of the time , this coupon will be zero , because bailouts are n’t necessary and so the firm will not receive transfers .
However , just like the institution ’s stakeholders , the owners of the rescue bond will occasionally receive a large payment .
In a well - functioning market , the price of this bond is exactly equal to the 1/1000 of the expected discounted value of the transfers to the firm and its stakeholders .
Thus , the government should charge the financial firm a tax equal to 1000 times the price of the bond .
Notice that this approach could be used for a wide variety of financial institutions , including nonbanks .
In principle , the government need not figure out in advance exactly which are systemically important and which are not .
Instead , it could simply issue a rescue bond for every institution .
Then , the market itself could reveal how systemically important each institution is through the price of its rescue bonds .
Of course , markets are not always perfect , and it would be inappropriate to rely only on market measures to compute the appropriate taxes .
However , the prices of rescue bonds would contain valuable information that should be an important input into the supervisory process .
As I mentioned at the beginning , Congress is in the process of considering changes to the financial regulatory system .
In December , the House passed the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act .
The Senate is currently deliberating the Restoring American Financial Stability Act .
There is much to like in both pieces of legislation .
However , neither piece of legislation incorporates the kind of risk tax that I have described to you .
The Senate bill proposes no new taxes on financial institutions , unless some fail .
In that event , taxes could be levied on surviving large financial institutions , regardless of whether or not they had actually engaged in excessive risk - taking .
The House bill has a new risk - based assessment on large banks and hedge funds .
Such a risk - adjusted tax should have desirable incentive effects on the targeted firms .
However , the tax will end once it has raised $ 150 billion .
This cap is problematic , because once the tax is ended , so too will its desirable incentive effects .
Why do the bills fail to include new levies of the kind that I propose ?
In my view , both bills significantly understate the extreme economic forces that lead to bailouts during financial crises .
Indeed , the opening language of the Senate bill actually declares that it will end taxpayer bailouts .
This objective is laudable .
But it is not achievable — and thinking that it is can lead to poor choices about the structure of financial regulation .
To wrap up : Bailouts will inevitably happen during financial crises to prevent runs and systemic collapse .
We need to structure financial regulation so as to limit the size and occurrence of these bailouts .
How should we best design such regulations ?
The social distortion we face is that debt guarantees create a risk externality , because financial institutions do not bear the full costs of their investment choices .
Financial regulation should be designed so as to best control that externality .
As is true with any externality , the risk externality can be eliminated with a well - designed tax system .
Figuring out the right tax may be complicated , but the task can be eased using appropriate information from financial markets .
Welcome to Unique Vintage , Darling - Shop Our Fabulous Vintage Clothing and Dresses
If you pay any mind to — — and what girl does n’t — — the retro fashions trends that surround us , you realize that every day seems to generate a new fad .
It ’s almost hard to keep up with what ’s in and what ’s out .
However , one trend that has stood the test of time and does n’t seem to be going anywhere is cute and stylish vintage clothing and accessories .
From the ‘ 20s Flapper dresses we all wanted to don after seeing The Great Gatsby , to the chic ‘ 40s and ‘ 50s pinup clothing , retro swimwear and vintage - inspired indie clothing , Unique Vintage Clothing offers it all .
Our vintage inspired dresses are offered with a modern twist , making them just - right options for a range of events and occasions .
The vintage look is never too playful or serious - it ’s always just right .
Getting dressed in the morning is fun when your wardrobe is filled with colorful , retro pieces perfect for mixing and matching .
Browse Unique Vintage ’s own brand of Unique Vintage dresses , swimwear and separates for the vintage loving gal on a budget .
These A - line and swing skirt frocks are ideal for a long day at the office or an even longer night out on the town , and they each feature fun , whimsical prints that modern styles simply do n’t have .
Separates such as skirts , trousers and blouses enable you to get many different uses out of just a few items , and all of ours feature the high - waisted , cropped or polka dotted goodness that Unique Vintage is known for .
In addition to our own styles , Unique Vintage also carries the latest creations by your favorite vintage - inspired brands .
Shop clothing and accessories by Bernie Dexter , Stop Staring , Hell Bunny , and many others for great prices you wo n’t find anywhere else .
With a collection this impressive there ’s no doubt that your outfits will gain quite a few compliments , darling !
Plus , find the latest discounts on our promo codes and coupons page , so you know you ’re always getting the best deal .
By Simon Johnson
The next financial boom seems likely to be centered on lending to emerging markets .
Sam Finkelstein , head of emerging markets debt at Goldman Sachs Asset Management , summed up the prevailing market view – and no doubt talked up his own positions – with a prominent quote in Monday ’s Financial Times ( p.13 , front of the Companies and Markets section ) :
“ Debt - to - GDP ratios in the developed world are about double those in emerging markets and they ’re growing .
This makes emerging markets interesting because you ’re pick up incremental spread [ higher interest rates compared with developed world rates ] , and in return you ’re actually taking less macroeconomic risk . ”
This is a dangerous view for three reasons .
First , against all historical evidence , it assumes that the only macroeconomic risks we should worry about – in general or for emerging markets – are related to standard measures of government fiscal policy .
“ Less risk ” and “ more yield ” was exactly what securitized subprime mortgages and their derivatives were purported to offer ; this combination typically proves illusory .
Second , emerging markets got into serious trouble through private sector overborrowing both in the 1970s ( Latin America , communist Poland and Romania ) and in the 1990s ( many parts of Asia ) .
In some crises , the government stepped in and ended up holding a great deal of debt – but this does not change the fact that the exuberance was all about private sector banks ( in the US and Europe ) lending to private sector corporations ( financial and nonfinancial ) in a mispricing of risk that started out at modest levels but grew over the cycle .
Third , when your ability to borrow depends in part on the value of your collateral – see the academic work of Ben Bernanke and the experience of Japan in the late 1980s ( e.g. , the classic Hoshi - Kashyap volume ) – then rising asset prices enable you to borrow more .
This does not necessarily have to go bad in a macroeconomic sense , but experience over the last 30 years is not encouraging .
Global moral hazard – the idea that someone will provide a bailout – does not mix well with free capital flows and this kind of financial accelerator .
Goldman
Sachs knows all this , of course .
But , as they will tell you correctly , reforming incentives or even discouraging this kind of cycle is definitely not their job .
Their role is to make money , pure and pretty simple given their market share .
It ’s the responsibility of government to make the world financial system less dangerous .
Judging from the G20 summit ( see my comments on the communique ) this weekend , we are making no progress at all in that direction .
le 06/04/2010 à 12:27
Sarkozy le pape ou n'importe quel chef de parti c'est kif kif , l'église catholique comme d'autre est une structure comme toute entreprise parti etc .
Le pape actuel n'est ni pire ni meilleur qu'un autre .
Mais croire en un Dieu ou plusieurs n'implique pas croire en l'église catholique , il y a des protestants des juifs des musulmans qui ne passent pas par la même institution et puis on peut croire sans faire des cérémonies particuliéres .
Cela me fait rire de voir les journées mondiales de la jeunesse organisé par des catholiques connaissant leur tolérance sur la sexualité ou l'homosexualité la contraception le rôle de la femme toujours en retrait ...
Aprés la question de la gauchisation c'est autre chose vu l'hypocrisie de la gauche ou des catholiques vis à vis aussi de l'argent c'est proche aussi .
The fungus attacks the root of the plant and climbs up the stem A serious disease is affecting opium poppies in Afghanistan , Antonio Maria Costa , the head of the UN Office on Drugs and Crime ( UNODC ) has said .
Mr Costa told the BBC that this year 's opium production could be reduced by a quarter , compared with last year .
He said the disease - a fungus - is thought to have infected about half of the country 's poppy crop .
Afghanistan produces 92 % of the world 's opium .
Mr Costa said opium prices had gone up by around 50 % in the region .
That could have an impact on revenues for insurgent groups like the Taliban which have large stockpiles of opium , he told the BBC's Bethany Bell .
The fungus attacks the root of the plant , climbs up the stem and makes the opium capsule wither away .
It was affecting poppies in the provinces of Helmand and Kandahar , the heartland of opium cultivation and the insurgency in Afghanistan , he said .
Nato ' blamed '
But farmers in Afghanistan are unsure about what is damaging their crops .
Some believe Nato troops are responsible for the outbreak , but Mr Costa denied that this was the case .
A fungal disease is thought to have infected 50 % of the country 's poppy crop
" I do n't see any reasons to believe something of that sort , " he said .
" Opium plants have been affected in Afghanistan on a periodic basis . "
Farmer Haji Mohammad in Nawzad told the BBC that he had seen a dramatic reduction in the amount of opium he was able to harvest .
He described the fungus as an " aerial spray " .
He said that last year he harvested 450 kg ( 990 lb ) of opium - but this year he had so far only been able to harvest 4 kg . " [ It ] ... has affected my wheat cultivation and my chickens and other animals as well , " he said .
" The powder sprayed has a white colour and I think it is chemical and if you squeeze it in your hand , water comes out of it . "
A number of farmers in southern Afghanistan told the BBC they observed a white substance on their crops .
They also reported extensive crop damage and also that livestock had been affected .
Opium economy
Mr Costa said this was an opportunity for the international community to bring in support to try to persuade farmers to turn away from planting opium .
He said the amount of opium produced by one hectare ( 2.47 acres ) had almost doubled to 56kg ( in the five years to 2009 .
" Nature really played in favour of the opium economy ; this year , we see the opposite situation , " he added .
Mr Costa said that farmers now grew opium poppies in only five or six Afghan provinces , as opposed to all 34 five years ago .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Australia Defence Association ( ADA ) says there is a lack of people with combat experience in the hierarchy of the Defence Force and it is affecting decisions that impact troops .
Yesterday Defence Minister John Faulkner announced a review of the complaints system , which will be completed in September .
ADA spokesman Neil James says bureaucracy in Defence means some complaints from soldiers take too long to be processed .
" It 's very frustrating at digger level on the ground , and it 's particularly frustrating when they know what 's wrong with their kit , in some cases , but have trouble convincing the bureaucracy of the case , " he said .
As has now become the trademark for Guitar Hero games , with every new installment comes a new controller variation , and Warriors of Rock is n't going to be the one to buck the trend .
While the Guitar Hero 3 Les Paul controller introduced changeable faceplates to allow the player to customize it , the Warriors of Rock guitar goes one step further , and features an entirely removeable body , which can be changed to suit the player .
The body itself is made of two removable wings , which clip onto the main neck of the guitar - hopefully , the bodies will also be symmetrical , to allow for construction of left - handed guitars .
All the electronics for the controller are held in one single construction - which will hopefully go some way to improving the controller 's reliability , as the neck joint on the previous guitars had a habit of working its way loose after a while , meaning that it sometimes stopped registering button presses .
If you 're in a particularly strange mood , it 'll even be possible to remove the body entirely , and just play with the neck / strum bar section .
The other noticeable difference between the Warriors of Rock guitar and the World Tour / Guitar Hero 5 guitar is the omission of the touch strip on the neck , but did they just forget to include it on the model , or are they getting rid of it altogether ?
Aching Thighs Fried Chicken from the Achewood Cookbook II
[ Exclusive to the Mercury , the following recipe is excerpted from The Achewood Cookbook II by Chris Onstad , set to be released this month .
Visit www.achewood.com for more information and to pre-order .- Ed. ]
No Fuss , Half Hour Fried Chicken
recipe by Peter H. Cropes
I HAVE A FRIEND named Daytime Dan .
He is very good at frying chicken , and I learned this process at his elbow .
I can honestly tell you that his chicken rivals any in the land .
His style is that he does not use a batter , or " egg dredge . "
I agree with him on this .
All too commonly batter ( or " breading , " if you are in the city ) is just a useless sheath of oil - gunny around a fine piece of meat .
Batter is a fool 's errand , which must no longer find purchase within our minds .
When you taste these fried chicken pieces , you will feel as though you are tasting the whole " caboodle " for the first time , perhaps as it was in history , say in 1973 .
Nineteen seventy - three was a good year for fried chicken .
People were careful with it , and used the correct grease , with the correct coating .
They ate and strode and carried on long into the night .
There must have been a brief revolution of magazine articles against batter , is what that leads me to believe .
Groups of people who dined upon battered fried chicken , throughout history , always required great periods of rest afterward , and could not hit the town .
This recipe is so simple that you really have no excuse not to make it .
There is none of that belabored overnight nonsense , where the chicken soaks in buttermilk ( when I want fried chicken , I usually do not want it , " tomorrow " ) .
There is no " brining " ( for God 's sake ) or the aforementioned eggs and batter .
This is as simple as fried chicken gets , and it is also as GOOD as fried chicken gets .
The skin renders out all its greasy , rubbery fat and becomes crisp ; the meat stays juicy and delectable .
I could eat ten pieces at a sitting , I do not lie .
KITCHEN TOOLS NEEDED
Deep cast iron pot , at least 6 quarts in capacity
Tongs or spatula or wire skimmer " spider "
Wire drying rack
PROCEDURE AT-A - GLANCE
1. Season and flour chicken
2 . Fry skin - side down in oil , 5 minutes , lid off
3 . Fry skin - side up in oil , 15 minutes , lid on ( reduce heat )
4 . Fry skin - side down in oil , 5 minutes or more , lid off
PROCEDURE IN DETAIL
I have come to truly believe that a lot of folks over think fried chicken .
It 's a bit of a production , what with all that hot oil you must prepare and then clean up .
" Should n't we make the food a complicated production too ? " we think .
In this example , our instincts are wrong .
Dry the chicken , season it gently , flour it simply , and turn it twice within the oil .
I would hardly call that fuss .
To begin , I want to justify the high - society nature of my seasoning mix right away , before folks cast aspersions .
As you may have heard , it is true : I use a store - bought ingredient from a major gourmet source .
I do this because it creates the true flavor of all - American fried chicken with a minimum of worry and investment .
Oh , how I have tried to stray from this flavor with a variety of combinations ; always , this recipe did prevail .
There is no replacing familiar flavor , and in this recipe , I truly do believe you will achieve the world 's greatest fried chicken , the one you remember from childhood .
You will see what this special store - bought seasoning is as you read the list of ingredients .
I declare that it is worth your investment , and I do not lie when it comes to matters of money , for when money is squandered , there can be only anger and vengeance .
It is well to note that I only fry the thigh .
The breast does not have enough crispiness - to - meat ratio to justify this fine type of cooking , and the drumstick , while quite amenable to this technique , does not offer enough meat .
For me , it is the thigh — the , " thinking man 's wing . "
Wings are good , of course , as they crisp up nice and usually you can eat the third section complete with bone , but they do not have the yield of a thigh .
Fry breasts and drumsticks if you must , as this technique will treat them fairly , but cook the breast longer , and deal with the results in your own way .
Finally , then , I must admit my fancy store - bought preparation to you , before proceeding .
I think you will be able to tell it apart from the rest of the fixings .
INGREDIENTS
6 chicken thighs , bone - in , skin on , skin still firmly attached to meat and not flapping around loose
Black pepper , preferably fresh - ground
Lawry 's Seasoned Salt *
All - purpose flour
1 1/2 quart of vegetable oil ( 48oz , 1.42 L )
I use honest American corn oil , but you can mess around some , here , so long as the oil is safe to get to 375 F .
Some men fry in Canola , Safflower , even olive oil .
Some men fry in clearseed oil , and some in the tallow of a Mike boar 's kidney netting , claiming unique and superior qualities , but really , if you have Lawry 's Seasoned Salt , you can just smile and wish them fine days .
How to season :
Chicken , as it is a Flesh , naturally has a slime to it ; slime does not fry well , so it must be thoroughly dabbed away .
I use a good cloth towel for this , like Mom - mom did , but lately have come to see where paper towels are not a sinful indulgence ( they rinse easily , and can be dried in the direct sun ) .
Once dry , the tacky surface of the flesh will enable the seasoning to adhere well .
Do three grinds or so of fine black pepper over each side of the meat .
Then , sprinkle the Lawry 's lightly over each side , using the expertly - designed " sifting " perforated insert .
Too heavy and it 'll be too salty .
" A little goes a long way , " as it is said .
The meat should look like a light hail fell upon it .
How do you salt food at the table ?
You put a few shakes on .
So it is here , as this is food .
If you get it wrong , do less next time , or mix up the proportion across different pieces .
You 'll be making this chicken again , even if you do n't get the seasoning exactly to your taste the first time .
As you have noticed , I season the meat instead of the flour .
When you season the flour , you can't be sure how much seasoning you 're getting on the meat , and you end up throwing most of it away .
This is nonsense .
Whenever a man tells you to season your dredging flour , look in his eyes : my guess is , pure white , with no iris or pupil .
Frying :
When the oil is hot ( a small cube of bread browns in under 30 seconds — 360 F if you have a thermometer ) roll the seasoned chicken pieces around in plain flour until coated , then tap a few times to release the extra flour .
Immediately , and carefully , lay these pieces skin - side down in the hot oil .
The chicken should be 90 % submerged , with just the top - most bit showing .
It should sizzle and bubble aggressively , but not dangerously .
You should not feel that this chicken endangers you .
When you have added enough chicken to fill the pan ( in this case , five or six pieces ) , the oil temperature will begin to drop .
It will quickly rise .
For about the next five minutes , let the pieces cook skin - side down .
Make sure the oil merrily sizzles and bubbles .
Now , it may take around ten minutes for the initial blonde color to occur , before the first flip .
Sometimes , if I 'm waiting for it to blonde up , I wonder where the chicken 's head is .
It is probably already ground to dog food , or else stuck behind some machinery in a far - off state .
Heck , it might even be in a puddle on private land .
You just can't know , and that 's what makes this wait fun .
It 's better with a friend .
Daytime Dan always has neat ideas about where the chicken 's head might be .
When the skin has become a light blonde color , sort of like a tortilla chip , flip the pieces over so that they are now skin - side up , lower the heat to " medium - low " so that they still sizzle merrily but do not bubble angrily , and cover tightly with a lid .
You may need to lower the heat further .
Keep your ear on it .
Maintaining Heat During Cooking :
Once you put that lid on , it may be tricky to control the temperature , since the pot will hold heat better when covered .
So , put the lid on , turn the heat to its lowest setting , and listen to the oil for a few minutes .
If the sizzling slows , gently increase the heat .
The sizzling should sound merry , and not aggressive ( too fast ) or so slow that you can hear isolated " pops . "
Once lidded and cooking at a stable temperature , leave the assembly alone for fifteen minutes .
When you return , the chicken pieces should be one or two shades darker .
This is fine .
At this point , this is pre-success , which is better than pre-failure , if that gives you any encouragement .
After you read that sentence , turn the chicken pieces back skin - side down and let it finish for perhaps five more minutes , lid off .
The chicken pieces should be approximately the color of evening program actor George Lopez .
Look at several photos of George Lopez and take an average , if you are not familiar with his work ( several computer programs are available which can do this ) .
Flash bulbs and vanity software often adjust celebrity photographs in unnatural directions .
I assure you that George Lopez is the color of perfect fried chicken .
( I have taken pains to observe him in person ; did you know that he has a tattoo of a sun on his lower back ? )
The true , final test of a good piece of fried chicken is this : pieces that were touching the bottom of the pan during cooking have started to , " caramelize , " or turn dark brown .
When you see those dark brown spots begin to form , that is a good sign the bird is done .
You never want to see any spot turn black .
Place the chicken pieces on a wire rack .
It does not matter what the wire rack is over , although it is tidy and sensible to put it over a cookie sheet , newspaper , or paper towels .
Some people put the chicken pieces directly on the newspaper or paper towels ; this is insanity .
The chicken pieces will sit in their own grease this way , and become soggy .
A drying rack allows air to circulate around the entire chicken piece , which makes for a uniform crust .
You will notice that the chicken continues to darken a bit .
Let it rest a good five minutes before serving .
Since this dish is so crisp and greaseless , I often like to go out for a walk afterward , and watch the light aircraft land at the local community airport .
I always wonder what would happen if I shot at those little planes .
Probably nothing too bad , since they 're so close to the ground .
I guess that 's why I do n't .
An Observation on Herbs and Nonsense :
We do not put a bunch of fancy - pants herbs on this chicken , because it cooks for such a long time at such a high heat .
Dried herbs will cook to a cinder and become nonsense .
I am also not a supporter of putting flavorings under the skin of fried chicken .
With roast chicken it is different ; the skin stays in place .
With fried chicken , the skin bubbles and burps in the hot oil , and under - dressings are ejected while the skin loosens .
Fried chicken desperately needs a skin that is still attached by a membrane to the flesh .
It will not cook properly if the skin has been carelessly loosened .
Always get chicken pieces where the skin is still firmly attached to the meat .
Many stores do a bad job with this ; stand up for yourself .
If the butcher will only give you chicken pieces where the skin is nothing more than a floppy ribbon hanging off to the side , give him your eyes but no tongue .
Point to his heart , then his hand .
Finish with your other purchases , then , go to another store .
Never cultivate an understanding with a disease .
It is wholly unnecessary to brine chicken before frying , or " soften " it in buttermilk .
Those just add fuss and time .
I can have good fried chicken on the table in less than an hour , easy .
How can I do this ?
Lawry 's Seasoned Salt .
I say this again for emphasis .
* If you cannot find Lawry 's seasoned salt , then choose another variety of seasoned salt .
There are several on the market ( Old Bay is used by an enemy of mine ; I admit it will do in a pinch , but you must use more of it , and the whole dish will reek of compromise ) .
Lawry 's is common enough stuff , and has garlic powder , onion powder , paprika , and celery seed .
Some folks try to create a stir about MSG ( an ingredient from the Orient that mimics flavor ) in this product , but there is none in Lawry 's Seasoned Salt .
It is an honest seasoning ratio hard come - by but every bit worth their efforts .
Image caption Swingers tend to be established couples
Partner - swapping swingers could be bringing sexually transmitted infections into the general population , Dutch researchers warn .
Of 9,000 sexual health clinic patient consultations , 12 % were with swingers , with an average age of 43 .
Writing in the journal Sexually Transmitted Infections , the team said swingers should be targeted with health advice , as other at - risk groups are .
UK sexual health experts said swingers should ensure they always used condoms .
There are no reliable estimates of how many people are swingers , defined as straight couples who swap partners , indulge in group sex or visit sex clubs for couples , but experts think there are significant numbers .
The authors say there could be millions worldwide .
If they 're off swinging they need to organise condoms and use them Rebecca Finlay . , FPA
Over -45s have previously been found to often wrongly believe they had a low risk of catching a sexually transmitted infection ( STI ) .
In this study , the team from the South Limburg Public Health Service studied patients seeking treatment during 2007 and 2008 at sexual health clinics serving a population of 630,000 .
Swingers were among those with the highest rates of sexually transmitted infections , along with young people and gay men - who are already recognised as being at high risk .
Combined rates of chlamydia and gonorrhoea were just over 10 % among straight people , 14 % among gay men , just under 5 % in female prostitutes , and 10.4 % among swingers .
Female swingers had higher infection rates than male swingers .
More than half ( 55 % ) of all diagnoses in the over 45s were made in swingers , compared with around a third ( 31 % ) in gay men .
One in 10 older swingers had chlamydia and around one in 20 ( 4 % ) had gonorrhoea .
' No discrimination '
Writing in the journal , the team led by Dr Nicole Dukers - Muijeres said : " Swingers differ from non-swinging heterosexual adults by their sexual network , typified by concurrent sexual partners and high rate of unprotected sex .
" These risk behaviours make swingers more prone to STIs , as our study confirms .
" Potentially , they may act as an STI transmission bridge to the entire population . "
The added : " While other risk groups for STIs , such as young [ straight people ] and [ gay men ] are systematically identified at STI healthcare facilities and provided with appropriate services , this is generally not the case for swingers
" By identifying and testing swingers regularly for STIs , the individual and population burden of STI as well as the spread of STIs can be reduced . "
Rebecca Findlay , of the UK's Family Planning Association ( FPA ) , said : " The lesson from this study for British swingers is that they 're a risk group for STIs .
" If they 're off swinging they need to organise condoms and use them . "
A spokesman for the Health Protection Agency ( HPA ) added : " Sexually transmitted infections do n't discriminate and can affect anyone , at any time of their lives .
" If you are having sex with a new partner and do n't use a condom you can catch an STI .
If people have put themselves at risk they should get tested , even if they do n't have symptoms . "
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 10/5/2010 ( 3796 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
Opinion
The Young and the Homeless melodrama surrounding the Phoenix Coyotes aside , there appears to be a noteworthy development in regards to what NHL opinion makers think about little old us .
And that is , Winnipeg is n't dismissed -- or worse , ignored completely -- as a big - league hockey market anymore .
In fact , a decade ago , to even suggest that this city was NHL - worthy in a circle of league intelligentsia -- be they executives or media or hotdog vendors -- was to lose all credibility .
Winnipeg was small - time , a backwater burg that did n't belong in a league with bigger ambitions .
I mean , what would the Winnipeg Jets possibly bring to an NHL about to land a monster television deal and expand into exotic places like Atlanta , Phoenix , Nashville and Florida ?
Besides , Winnipeg did n't have the coin for membership .
That 's why the Jets left , right ?
And the players had no use for the place , either , given that their gaze was fixed on the promise of riches in Gary Bettman 's brave new world .
But look around now and that attitude appears to have gone the way of the California Golden Seals .
Whether it's the cast of Hockey Night in Canada or radio talk show pundits or big-city columnists , the prevailing wisdom seems to be -- with a few exceptions -- that Winnipeg is the only logical place to stash the ailing Coyotes .
That 's nothing less than a sea change in perception and it can't be understated .
The new mantra :
Of course the NHL should come back to Winnipeg .
That 's where the hockey fans live and breathe .
It 's in the heartland of the game .
Funny thing is , Winnipeg has n't changed dramatically since the mid-1990s .
Sure , there 's a new arena and that 's of great significance , but it would be the smallest in the NHL .
Meanwhile , it 's not like a boatload of millionaire hockey fans have rolled into town .
They did n't strike oil at the corner of Portage and Main .
And the Jets still failed in this market .
What has changed , however , is everything outside of Winnipeg .
The loonie is at par with the U.S. dollar and the NHL has a salary cap .
Canadian - based teams are bringing in up to 30 per cent of league revenue .
So the NHL 's financial landscape has flipped on its head .
And all those years of staring at half - empty buildings in non-traditional markets where teams are almost invisible ?
It makes the 10,000 - something crowds at the Arena back in the day to see the Jets host the Hartford Whalers seem almost nostalgic .
In fact , it almost feels a little strange hearing someone like HNIC's Glenn Healy , a former executive with the NHL Players Association , say flat out the other night that the Coyotes should be relocated to Winnipeg immediately .
Full stop .
Interesting , because the NHLPA could n't get out of Winnipeg fast enough .
Us bumpkins were holding the league back .
There were greener fields to be plowed .
Now all of a sudden it 's closing time at Coyote Ugly and everybody 's staring at Winnipeg wearing beer goggles .
It 's not that our economy improved , it 's that everyone else 's got worse .
( Did anybody else see that report Sunday night on 60 Minutes about people from Arizona simply walking away from their homes and mortgages because property values have dropped about 50 per cent ?
Wow . )
It 's not that we took more of a shine to shinny , it 's that cities like Atlanta and Phoenix , to name just a couple , have been a disaster by comparison .
And it's not that an NHL team in Winnipeg would generate more loot than the Leafs , but could it be as pathetic as the revenue created ( or not created ) by the Coyotes ?
True , there 's a new player in True North partner David Thomson , the Toronto billionaire whose name is getting thrown around these days like everybody knows him personally .
That 's a factor in the perception change of Winnipeg as a viable NHL market , to be sure .
But this is the ironic part :
The entire philosophy of moving the Jets to Phoenix was to prove that hockey could sell in the south and that the NHL 's financial future was to be cradled in the wealthy arms of U.S. television networks .
It 's proved just the opposite , to the point where a market once sneered at and left for dead is now widely viewed as the logical option for the Coyotes to find save haven .
Trust us , that is n't a little thing , and not just in the case of the Coyotes , but all the other failing NHL teams that are circling like planes that can't land at the airport .
So here 's lookin ' at you , Winnipeg .
It 's last call , baby doll , and you 're getting cuter by the minute .
randy.turner@freepress.mb.ca
By Captain Pyke | April 25 , 2010 - 5:40 pm
Is this the next version of Starfleet 's much anticipated and loved communicator ?
We think it is .
It was apparently lost in a bar on Deep Space Station K7 sometime around Stardate 4523.3 and we got our hands on it .
We do n't have tons of details , but here 's what we do know .
1 . What we thought was a strangely placed button is actually a forward facing camera
2 . They 've reduced the number of indicator lights to two .
This seems strange and out of place to us .
It 's definitely a step backward from Starfleet Engineering 's renowned industrial design .
3 . The microphone area is quite a bit larger and is made of a slightly different alloy .
We think that the larger microphone will result in a higher resolution sound although the device was not operating when we received it .
We did contact Mr. Lurry , the manager of K7 , for comment .
He responded via subspace saying ; " with all the problems we 've had recently with the Klingons and an outbreak of tribbles on the station , I would n't know anything about something as inconsequential as a misplaced communicator . "
We thought his response was rather curt .
We also have placed a few communiques to Starfleet Quartermaster 's Corp that have gone unanswered .
We 've learned more info , check out the update here .
Chiddy Bang are ready to release another single from their Opposite of Adults EP , and here is the official music video for Sooner or Later .
Chiddy Bang appeared at Glastonbury on Sunday , but once again the BBC did n’t seem to give them any press coverage whatsoever .
On the up side , Chiddy Bangâ€™s debut album , The Swelly Life should be near release towards the end of August .
Chatroulette has been on the rise since earlier this year , when it suddenly became an international phenomenon .
It has been the source of numerous viral videos , but it's also been the source of voyeuristic male masturbators .
Currently the company is looking for investors in Russia and the U.S .
However , it looks like the service lost some of its steam in the month of May .
According to web analytics firm comScore , U.S. traffic dropped nearly 7 % from 1.564 million visitors in April to 1.327 million in May .
Data from Experian
Hitwise confirms the same trend : Chatroulette has lost its novelty .
While Chatroulette 's decline does n't surprise us , it has to be troubling to Andrey Ternovskiy , Charoulette 's 17 - year - old founder .
He seems to be taking action though , reportedly working on software to weed out the penises that have plagued Chatroulette 's reputation .
What is Chatroulette really about , though ?
Is Chatroulette a social utility for people to meet each other through video ?
Is it an entertainment tool for groups of friends ?
Or is it just an anonymous network where anything goes ?
These are important questions for Ternovskiy to answer before a turnaround becomes possible .
Legitimizing the service by weeding out the genitalia may make it more viable to investors , but it could potentially accelerate its decline , not reverse it .
It all depends on how people want to use the service .
Changing a user 's habits is one of the most difficult things to do .
Getting people to buy into Chatroulette as a useful social utility might be a very hard sell .
Tonight , Ternovskiy will be accepting a Webby for " Breakout of the Year . "
He has a lot of work to do to make sure that his breakout video chat service does n't become a footnote in Internet history , however .
l10 f Profile Blog Joined January 2009 United States 3215 Posts Last Edited : 2010-06-21 07:32:55 #
1
The commission said on the 18th that Blizzard needed to change or remove 17 unfair sections of their Battle .
net terms regarding user contents right and others .
The commission said " Blizzard 's battle .
net terms and agreements exclude the duties that the producer ( Blizzard ) must address , while being unfair to their users and even violating their rights , making them invalid . "
They added , " The game user does not have enough technical knowledge about the game compared to the producer , so there is often unfair agreements for the users .
Nowadays , users do n't stop at simply using the game , but they create new contents using the game , so the rights to user created contents become the main point when dealing with these user agreements . "
" We hope with this decision , there will be less damage done to the users due to unfair trade between the game producers and the users in the games to come .
Especially we hope that the users rights to their created content will be guaranteed by the terms and agreements . "
The following is the main points that the commission saw to be unfair .
▶ Exclusion of the rights of the users to their own created content
ㅇ Blizzard 's terms state that all of the user created contents and their rights belong to Blizzard Entertainment
* User created content is defined as the contents in and outside the game created by the users themselves .
* Contents of the game created by users
- Decided by whether the content is made of aspects in the game .
Example ) A replay , UMS map .
These are made with the images and music in the game , so they are considered contents of the game .
* Contents out of the game created by users
- These are separated from the game itself and include such things posted on the forums .
⇒ Change the terms so that the producer can only use the contents of the game created by users ( see above ) for promotion and providing service to thse users .
Change the terms so that the contents outside of the game belongs only to the users .
◆ The reason for this change
ㅇ According to copyright laws , the copyright belongs to the person who creates the content .
- If the creativity of a content created by a user is accepted by the copyright laws , it must of course belong to the user .
Especially those not specifically integrated into the game should belong to the user that creates it .
Those contents that are integrated with the game itself can either be considered creative by the copyright laws or not , so the owner may be the user or the producer of the game , depending on the content .
The game itself of course belongs to the producer but the ownership of the user created contents integrated within the game differs for each content .
* Copyright belongs to the user that created the content if the creator 's ideas and sentiments are expressed in a creative way .
Therefore , the original terms and agreements break the copyright laws since it gives all the rights of the user created content to the producer , when in fact it may belong to the user .
▶ Exclusion of the rights of the users to their account
ㅇ Blizzard 's terms state that all of the accounts and items of the users belong to Blizzard Entertainment .
* Definition of account : a game account that contains the user 's ID , character , and other information that would prevent the user from playing if it becomes banned or removed .
* Definition of item : A thing used by a user 's online character .
⇒ Change so it clearly states the users ' rights to be able to use their account and item .
This way , if an account is stolen or lost , they can receive legal assistance or assistance from the producer .
◆ Reason
ㅇ The user agreement is a game user agreement so it must state the user 's rights to use their account and contents .
Right now it only states that the accounts and contents only belong to the producer .
Like this , the user cannot receive assistance if their accounts or contents get unjustly denied .
So , the producer may ignore the users ' complaints regarding their accounts saying that they had no rights to them from the beginning .
Therefore , the current terms are invalid because it excludes the users ' rights to being able to use their accounts and contents .
▶ Unfair termination of service
ㅇ Blizzard states that they can remove the service for whatever reason as long as they send a notification regarding the reasons for removal of service .
⇒ Change it so that the users are notified well beforehand , and a reasonable refund is given for the discontinuation of service .
◆ Reason
ㅇ Termination of service is same as termination of contract so the reasons must be limited , and the users must be notified beforehand .
Also , the producer has the duty to give a refund for the remainder of the service .
Therefore , the current terms that state that the service may be removed at any time for any reason is unfair , and the terms are invalid .
▶ Exclusion of the duties of the producer
ㅇ Blizzard states that they are not responsible for any loss or damage caused by the game .
⇒ Change so that they are only excluded from taking the responsibility when the damage was not purposely caused .
◆ Reason
ㅇ The producer is required to compensate for damages related to the security of the information , the stability of the server , and the stability of the game program if they are responsible for causing the incident .
Also , the producer is responsible if the game is unable to be used , unless caused by the gamer 's misuse or client sided issues .
The current terms that do n't include the legal responsibilities of the producers , therefore putting the responsibilities to the users , makes the terms invalid .
Blizzard has since changed their terms and agreements for Battle . net on the 17th according the commission 's opinions .
+ Show Spoiler [ Original Article ] +
공정거래위원 회( 위원장 정호열 , 이하 공정위 ) 가 블리자드엔터테인먼 트( 이하 블리자드 ) 이 배틀넷 이용약관 가운데 17 개 조항을 자진하여 수정 또는 삭제하도록 조치했다 .
공정위는 지난 18 일 공식 홈페이지 보도자료를 통해 블리자드의 배틀넷 이용약관 중 이용자 콘텐츠 권리귀속 조항 , 사업자 콘텐츠에 대한 이용자 권리 불인정 조항 및 사업자 면책조항 등 이용자에게 일방적으로 불리한 불공정 약관 17 개 조항을 자진하여 수정 또는 삭제하도록 조치했다고 밝혔다 .
공정위는 “ 블리자드 의 배틀넷 이용약관은 법률상 사업자가 부담하여야 하는 책임․의무를 배제하거나 완화시키는 반면 고객의 정당한 권리를 침해하는 등 고객에게 일방적으로 불리하므로 약관법상 무효에 해당된다 ” 면서 “ 게임이용자 는 사업자에 비해 게임에 대한 기술적 지식․정보가 현저히 부족하고 게임프로그램에 의존하여 게임을 이용할 수밖에 없으므로 게임이용자에게 불리한 약관이 상존할 가능성 높다 ” 고 말한 뒤 “ 최근에는 게임을 단순히 이용하는 것에 그치지 않고 게임을 소재로 하여 새로운 작성물을 만들어 서로 공유하는 문화가 확산되고 있어 이용자가 만든 콘텐츠의 권리귀속 문제 등이 중요한 쟁점으로 부각될 것이 예상된다 ” 고 말했다 .
이어 공정위는 “ 이번 조치를 통해 해마다 성장하고 있는 온라인게임시장에서 게임사업자와 게임이용자간의 불공정한 거래행태가 개선되어 소비자의 피해가 크게 줄어들 것으로 기대한다 ” 면서 “ 특히 , 게임이용자의 권리가 보장될 수 있도록 사업자 또는 이용자가 만든 콘텐츠에 대한 권리관계를 명확히 규정함으로써 사전에 분쟁을 예방하고 소비자의 정당한 권익이 보호될 것으로 기대한다 ” 고 덧붙였다 .
다음은 공정위에서 밝힌 주요 불공정 조항 및 개선 내용 .
▶ 이용자의 저작권을 배제하는 조항
◆ 불공정 약관 내용 및 개선내 용
ㅇ 블리자드는 게임 저작권자임을 이유로 이용자가 제작한 콘텐 츠( 이용자콘텐츠 ) 를 비롯하여 게임과 관련된 모든 콘텐츠에 관한 저작권 등 일체의 권리가 블리자드에 귀속된다고 규정
* 이용자콘텐츠에는 게임과 결합된 콘텐츠와 게임과 분리된 게시물 등의 콘텐츠로 구분
* 게임과 일체화된 이용자콘텐 츠
- 게임을 구성하는 요소로 이루어진 콘텐츠인지 여부에 따라 결정 됨
예) 동영상( 리플레이 ) , 유저맵 등
- 리플레이는 게임에 등장하는 이미지 , 음악 등으로 구성된 것이므로 일체화된 콘텐츠로 인정 됨
* 게임과 일체화되지 않은 이용자콘텐 츠
- 게임의 요소와는 분리되어 있는 콘텐츠로서 보통 게시판의 이용자게시물을 의미 함
⇒ 게임과 결합된 이용자콘텐츠는 사업자가 서비스제공과 홍보 목적으로만 이용하는 것으로 제한
- 게임과 일체화되지 않은 이용자콘텐츠에 대한 권리는 원칙적으로 이용자에게 있는 것으로 수정
◆ 불공정 사유
ㅇ 저작권법상 창작물에 대한 저작권은 이를 창작한 자에게 있는 것이 원칙 임
- 이용자가 만든 콘텐츠가 저작권법에 의해 창작성이 인정되어 저작권이 존재하는 경우 당해 콘텐츠에 대한 저작권은 이용자가 가지는 것이 당연
- 특히 , 이용자 게시물은 게임과 직접 결합되어 있지 않으므로 이에 대한 저작권은 이용자에게 귀속시키는 것이 바람 직
- 게임과 일체화된 콘텐츠의 경우 , 저작권의 요건인 창작성이 인정되는지 여부는 게임과 콘텐츠의 결합정도 및 해당 콘텐츠의 내용 등에 따라 달라질 수 있으므로 이에 대한 권리귀속을 미리 사업자로 한정하는 것은 부당
- 게임자체의 저작권은 사업자에 있음이 분명하나 게임과 일체화된 콘텐츠의 2 차저작권 등의 인정여부는 개별 콘텐츠에 따라 다름
* 저작권은 작성물에 창작자의 사상과 감정이 창의적인 방식으로 표현된 경우 저작권법에 의해 별도의 절차적 요건 없이 인정되는 창작자의 법률상 권리 임
ㅇ 따라서 , 저작권법 등에 의해 게임이용자의 권리로 인정될 수 있는 콘텐츠에 대한 권리를 사업자에게 귀속시키는 당해 약관조항은 고객의 법률상의 권리를 제한하므로 약관법상 무효
▶ 이용자의 계정․아이템에 관한 권리를 배제하는 조항
◆ 불공정 약관 내용 및 개선내 용
ㅇ 블리자드가 제공하는 게임계정 및 콘텐 츠( 아이템 포함 ) 등에 대한 모든 권리가 블리자드에 있다고 규정
* 게임계정 : 이용자의 ID , 캐릭터 , 기타 정보가 저장되는 가상의 기억공간으로서 계정을 이용금지하거나 계정을 몰수할 경우 실질적으로 이용자의 게임이용은 불가 함
*아 이 템 : 온라인게임상에서 이용자의 캐릭터가 사용하는 물건( 방어구 , 무기 , 보조물품 등 ) 또는 특정능력을 일시적으로 부여 또는 향상시키는 것 을 통칭
⇒ 이용자의 게임 및 아이템 등 콘텐츠에 대한 이용권을 명시적으로 규정하는 방향으로 개정
- 콘텐츠에 대한 명시적인 이용권을 인정함으로써 아이템 유실 및 계정도용 등의 문제가 발생할 경우 법적 구제조치를 받거나 사업자와 해결할 수 있는 근거 마련
◆ 불공정 사유
ㅇ 이용자와 블리자드의 계약은 게임이용계약이기 때문에 게임내의 계정 , 콘텐츠 등을 이용할 권리를 당연히 포함하고 있음
ㅇ 그런데 , 당해 약관조항은 계약내용에 불구하고 계정 및 콘텐츠에 관한 모든 권리가 사업자에게만 귀속되는 것으로 규정하여 이용자의 정당한 콘텐츠 이용권을 침해할 수 있음
- 계정․콘텐츠의 이용권이 명시적으로 부정될 경우 콘텐츠이용 관련 피해가 발생하더라도 이용자가 제대로 피해구제를 받을 수 없게 됨
- 즉 , 이용자의 권리구제를 담당하는 기관 또는 사업자가 이용자에게 콘텐츠 이용권 자체가 없다는 이유로 이용자의 피해구제신청 등이 외면할 우려 발생
* 이용자의 아이템이 어떤 이유로 유실된 경우 , 이용자가 아이템 이용권을 근거로 사업자에게 유실된 아이템의 복구를 요구할 수 있음
ㅇ 따라서 , 계약상 당연히 인정되는 계정․콘텐츠 이용권까지 배제할 수 있는 것으로 규정된 당해 약관조항은 고객에게 부당하게 불리하여 약관법상 무효
▶ 서비스를 일방적으로 중지할 수 있는 조항
◆ 불공정 약관 내용 및 개선내 용
ㅇ 블리자드는 임의로 사전사후 불문하고 통지만 하면 게임이용계약을 언제든지 해지할 수 있다고 규정
⇒ 서비스 중단사유를 사업의 종료 , 합병 등에 준하는 경우로 제한하고 서비스를 중단하는 경우 사전통지를 의무화하였을 뿐만 아니라 잔여 계약기간에 해당하는 이용요금을 환불하도록 개정
◆ 불공정 사유
ㅇ 서비스 제공 중단은 사실상 계약해지와 다름이 없기 때문에 그 요건은 엄격하게 제한되어야 하고 , 미리 이용자에게 통지되어야 함
ㅇ 또한 , 서비스가 중단되는 경우 사업자는 고객이 이용하지 않은 잔여기간에 대한 서비스 이용요금을 환불해 줄 의무가 있음
- 즉 , 계약해지의 원인을 제공한 자는 계약해지에 따른 책임( 채무불이행책임 , 손해배상책임 , 원상회복책임 등 ) 을 부담하는 것임
ㅇ 따라서 , 사업자가 아무런 제약 없이 서비스를 일방적으로 중단할 수 있도록 규정한 당해 약관조항은 급부의 내용을 일방적으로 변경할 수 있는 권한 등을 부여하는 조항이므로 약관법상 무효
▶ 사업자의 책임을 면제하는 조항
◆ 불공정 약관 내용 및 개선내 용
ㅇ 블리자드는 게임으로 인해 발생하는 각종 분쟁 , 손해 , 피해 등에 있어서 어떠한 경우에도 책임을 지지 않는 것으로 규정
⇒ 서비스의 이용 또는 이용불가로 인한 손해에 대해 사업자의 고의․중과실이 없는 경우에만 면책이 가능하도록 수정
◆ 불공정 사유
ㅇ 게임 이용과 관련하여 로그인 정보의 관리 , 서버의 안정성 , 게임 프로그램의 안전성 등에 대해 사업자에게 귀책사유가 있다면 사업자가 책임지는 것이 원칙
*「 정보통신망 이용촉진 및 정보보호 등에 관한 법률」 상 블리자드는 정보통신서비스제공업자로서 이용자의 권익 보호 , 서비스의 안정성 및 신뢰성 확보 조치의 책임이 있음
ㅇ 또한 , 게임 서비스 이용 및 클라이언트 이용으로 발생하는 손해 이외에 사업자의 귀책사유로 게임을 이용하지 못하는 경우에도 사업자에게 손해배상의 책임이 발생 함
* 게임서비스이용으로 인한 손해 : 해킹으로 인한 손해 , 아이템으로 인한 분쟁 또는 유실로 인한 손해 등 게임이용으로 인한 제반 손해
* 클라이언트로 인한 손해 : 클라이언트 설치 , 구동 , 업데이트 등으로 인한 이용자 컴퓨터의 바이러스감염 , 시스템 손상 등의 손해
ㅇ 따라서 , 당해 약관조항은 사업자의 법적 책임을 상당한 이유 없이 배제하고 있고 사업자의 위험부담을 고객에게 부당하게 이전시키므로 약관법상 무효
한편 블리자드는 공정위에서 제시한 의견을 수용해 지난 10 일 배틀넷 ' 이용약관 및 개인정보취급방침 개정안내 '를 공지하고 6 월 17일자로 약관을 수정했다 .
Source :
T/N : I used the words " agreements " and " terms " interchangeably .
Also , translating at 2 AM was tough , especially for such a tough article with a lot of difficult vocab so I 'm sorry if it does n't 100 % make sense .
On June 21 2010 16:24 l10f wrote :
Show nested quote +
On June 21 2010 16:18 Waxangel wrote :
I looked at the TOS , and without an older version of the TOS to look at , I really do n't see how any of it has changed to meet the requirements of the FTC .
It still says blizzard reserves the sole rights to create derivative works , and most if it is pretty much word to word with the USA TOS , except a little part expressly forbidding the operation of game tournaments without consent .
Strange , maybe FOMOS is wrong ?
Show nested quote +
한편 블리자드는 공정위에서 제시한 의견을 수용해 지난 10 일 배틀넷 ' 이용약관 및 개인정보취급방침 개정안내 '를 공지하고 6 월 17일자로 약관을 수정했다 .
unless I horribly misinterpreted that last line .
Strange , maybe FOMOS is wrong ? unless
I horribly misinterpreted that last line .
I just checked
I 'm really off now , goodnight .
Korean Fair Trade Commission ( Chairman Jung Ho Yeol ) said that Blizzard Entertainment needs to change or remove 17 parts of their terms / end user agreement for Battle .
net use .
The commission said on the 18th that Blizzard needed to change or remove 17 unfair sections of their Battle .
net terms regarding user contents right and others .
The commission said " Blizzard 's battle .
net terms and agreements exclude the duties that the producer ( Blizzard ) must address , while being unfair to their users and even violating their rights , making them invalid .
" They added , " The game user does not have enough technical knowledge about the game compared to the producer , so there is often unfair agreements for the users .
Nowadays , users do n't stop at simply using the game , but they create new contents using the game , so the rights to user created contents become the main point when dealing with these user agreements . "
" We hope with this decision , there will be less damage done to the users due to unfair trade between the game producers and the users in the games to come .
Especially we hope that the users rights to their created content will be guaranteed by the terms and agreements .
" The following is the main points that the commission saw to be unfair .▶
Exclusion of the rights of the users to their own created content ㅇBlizzard 's terms state that all of the user created contents and their rights belong to Blizzard Entertainment * User created content is defined as the contents in and outside the game created by the users themselves .
* Contents of the game created by users - Decided by whether the content is made of aspects in the game .
Example ) A replay , UMS map .
These are made with the images and music in the game , so they are considered contents of the game .
* Contents out of the game created by users -
These are separated from the game itself and include such things posted on the forums .⇒
Change the terms so that the producer can only use the contents of the game created by users ( see above ) for promotion and providing service to thse users .
Change the terms so that the contents outside of the game belongs only to the users .◆
The reason for this change ㅇAccording to copyright laws , the copyright belongs to the person who creates the content . -
If the creativity of a content created by a user is accepted by the copyright laws , it must of course belong to the user .
Especially those not specifically integrated into the game should belong to the user that creates it .
Those contents that are integrated with the game itself can either be considered creative by the copyright laws or not , so the owner may be the user or the producer of the game , depending on the content .
The game itself of course belongs to the producer but the ownership of the user created contents integrated within the game differs for each content . *
Copyright belongs to the user that created the content if the creator 's ideas and sentiments are expressed in a creative way .
Therefore , the original terms and agreements break the copyright laws since it gives all the rights of the user created content to the producer , when in fact it may belong to the user . ▶
Exclusion of the rights of the users to their account ㅇBlizzard 's terms state that all of the accounts and items of the users belong to Blizzard Entertainment . *
Definition of account : a game account that contains the user 's ID , character , and other information that would prevent the user from playing if it becomes banned or removed . *
Definition of item : A thing used by a user 's online character .⇒
Change so it clearly states the users ' rights to be able to use their account and item .
This way , if an account is stolen or lost , they can receive legal assistance or assistance from the producer . ◆
Reason
ㅇThe user agreement is a game user agreement so it must state the user 's rights to use their account and contents .
Right now it only states that the accounts and contents only belong to the producer .
Like this , the user cannot receive assistance if their accounts or contents get unjustly denied .
So , the producer may ignore the users ' complaints regarding their accounts saying that they had no rights to them from the beginning .
Therefore , the current terms are invalid because it excludes the users ' rights to being able to use their accounts and contents .▶
Unfair termination of service ㅇBlizzard states that they can remove the service for whatever reason as long as they send a notification regarding the reasons for removal of service . ⇒
Change it so that the users are notified well beforehand , and a reasonable refund is given for the discontinuation of service . ◆
Reason ㅇTermination of service is same as termination of contract so the reasons must be limited , and the users must be notified beforehand .
Also , the producer has the duty to give a refund for the remainder of the service .
Therefore , the current terms that state that the service may be removed at any time for any reason is unfair , and the terms are invalid . ▶
Exclusion of the duties of the producer ㅇ
Blizzard states that they are not responsible for any loss or damage caused by the game .⇒
Change so that they are only excluded from taking the responsibility when the damage was not purposely caused .◆
Reason ㅇ
The producer is required to compensate for damages related to the security of the information , the stability of the server , and the stability of the game program if they are responsible for causing the incident .
Also , the producer is responsible if the game is unable to be used , unless caused by the gamer 's misuse or client sided issues .
The current terms that do n't include the legal responsibilities of the producers , therefore putting the responsibilities to the users , makes the terms invalid .
Blizzard has since changed their terms and agreements for Battle . net on the 17th according the commission 's opinions .
Source : Fomos.kr T/N : I used the words " agreements " and " terms " interchangeably .
Also , translating at 2 AM was tough , especially for such a tough article with a lot of difficult vocabso I 'm sorry if it does n't 100 % make sense .
I just checked http://kr.blizzard.com/ko-kr/company/about/termsofuse.html , and all the changes are there .
( the ones mentioned in the article at least , anyway ) I 'm really off now , goodnight .
Writer
By now you know that ( one of ) AMOLED's Achilles ' heel is readability in direct sunlight .
But Samsung 's been working hard to fix that with its new Super AMOLED technology .
Techblog took the display to task by pitting the Samsung Galaxy S ( 4 - inch , 480 x 800 pixel Super AMOLED ) against the HTC Desire ( 3.7 - inch 480 x 800 pixel AMOLED ) and Sony Ericsson XPERIA X10 ( 4 - inch , 480 x 854 pixel TFT LCD ) .
It 's clear from the video embedded after the break that the LCD still has the edge in the harsh Greek sun , but the Super AMOLED certainly makes a much stronger showing than its AMOLED sib .
In fact , differences in visibility between the LCD and Super AMOLED are often indistinguishable , like the picture above .
That 'll be good news for us just as soon as Samsung can start meeting demand ... regardless of what Stevie J has to say .
Check the video after the break and be sure to click the source for some more side - by - side pics , including a few taken indoors where that Super AMOLED display really shines .
Two prominent United States Senators have told the Federal Communications Commission that it 's time to fast track " white space " devices for sending and receiving broadband .
" We request that you prioritize action on white spaces and urge the FCC to adhere to its Broadband Action Agenda and complete final rules in the third quarter of 2010 , " Senators John Kerry ( D - MA ) and Olympia Snowe ( R - Maine ) wrote to the FCC on Monday .
The letter also notes that it has been nearly two years since the FCC first authorized the technology , which will allow devices to utilize unused television channels for wireless broadband .
" As you know , spectrum below 1 Gigahertz is both scarce and valuable , " they added .
" Today , the TV white spaces remain a viable option for unlicensed use below 1GHz and jump - starting a period of innovation that could equal or surpass what we have seen with WiFi .
Due to the propagation characteristics of the frequencies , unlicensed broadband devices will be able to cover a far wider service area in rural areas than the range in which unlicensed devices operate today thus providing an opportunity to narrow the ' digital divide ' that unfortunately continues to exist . "
It 's not like the FCC has n't been doing anything about this issue .
The Commission has been working on setting up the license - holder databases necessary to prevent interference with TV signals ( Google says it will run them for free ) .
But there 's still the tricky question of whether spectrum sensing technology should be employed to protect wireless microphones from interference as well .
Some groups have argued that that second requirement would place too much of a burden on unlicensed broadband gadgets .
Kerry and Snowe 's letter seems to lean in that direction .
" These microphones are used for performing arts , places of worship , and schools and provide a valuable audio tool to users and their audiences , " they wrote .
" However , a number of these microphones have operated illegally on TV spectrum and such unauthorized behavior should not continue to be allowed — the FCC must better enforce the rules it implements . "
And :
" It should be noted that geolocation technology coupled with a database should adequately protect users and additional spectrum sensing capabilities should only be required when absolutely necessary since such requirement would unduly drive up the cost of white space devices and deter low cost deployment opportunities . "
The FCC's National Broadband Plan has the agency scheduled to release a final Order on white spaces devices some time between July and September .
G - 20 Differences Half - Hearted Promises and Mutual Blame
The G - 20 summit in Toronto ended with yet more vague promises .
The rich nations pledged to slash their budget deficits , without making any real commitments .
The result is a setback for President Obama , who failed to find support for new stimulus programs in Europe .
There 's no need for conjecture ; Microsoft 's upcoming motion control peripheral , once known as Project Natal , is now to be officially known as " Kinect " .
Advertisement
" For lots of people , that controller is a barrier , " Microsoft creative director Kudo Tsunoda told USA Today .
" We set out to make a new control paradigm where anybody can get in and play , without having to read the instructions or learn a complicated set of controls . "
Advertisement
In addition to the rebranding , a number of Kinect titles were also revealed in the USA Today report , including a Star Wars game from Lucasarts , a Disney game , a dance title from MTV ( interesting ) , a pet - training title , a Wii Sports clone called " Kinect Sports " ( which we believe Rare is developing ) , an adventure sports game and , as expected , the return of Joyride as a motion - controlled game .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
So , goodbye , Project Natal .
You were a strange name , but we grew to love you in a way we could never do with something as stupid as " Kinect " .
UPDATE - Here 's a shot from the floor of the Kinect - focused performance by Cirque du Soleil .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Microsoft Kinect gets into motion [ USA Today ]
Click to view
BMW has long hailed itself as building “ the ultimate driving machine , ” and never was that more true than when the company thoroughly dominated the Mille Miglia 70 years ago .
Even now , BMW considers winning the inaugural Gran Premio Brescia dell Mille Miglia its greatest auto racing success .
The sleek and sexy BMW 328 racers , with their small but powerful engines and superlative handling , were so wickedly good that BMW scored the overall win , the team win and third , fifth and sixth place .
“ The victory in the 1940 Mille Miglia remains a milestone in the history of the BMW brand , ” Klaus Draeger , a company board member who oversees R&D , said in a statement heralding the anniversary of the win on April 28 .
That success followed nearly five years of hard work .
Above :
One of the five BMW 328 racers that raced in the 1940 Mille Miglia .
Photo : BMW
The story starts in 1935 when BMW quietly distributed a brochure to selected customers vaguely describing a new model called the 328 .
Although the lightweight car featured a 2.0 - liter straight - six engine that produced 80 horsepower , nothing was said of the car ’s performance and nothing was said to the press .
The company , which had started building cars just seven years before , only wanted to tantalize a few “ friends of the company . ”
Nothing more was said until the BMW 328 was unveiled at the famed Nurburgring racetrack on June 13 , 1936 , ahead of the International Eifel Race .
Ernst Henne , a record - setting motorcycle racer , drove the car to victory with an average speed of 63 mph , an impressive figure at the time .
It was the dawn of a new day for BMW .
Above : One of five 328s BMW entered in the 1940 Mille Miglia .
Photo : BMW
The roadster scored its second victory in August , when H.J. Aldington , a British BMW importer , won the Schleiβheimer Dreicksrennen race .
Aldington convinced the brass in Munich to compete in races beyond Germany , so BMW sent the three 328 prototypes to Ireland for the Tourist Trophy .
The cars finished 1 - 2 - 3 .
Several more victories followed in the months to come .
Customers had to wait until April 1937 — one year to the day after Henne first took the 328 to victory — until they could get their own cars .
By that time , the 328 had amassed a trophy case full of hardware , easily beating cars with far more powerful engines .
BMW ’s little roadster had arrived .
Above : BMW ’s paddock at the 1940 Mille Miglia .
Photo : BMW
By the end of 1937 , BMW was dominating the 2.0 - liter class in Germany and had established a reputation in Europe .
But it wanted a major win on foreign soil .
The company set its sights on Italy ’s Mille Miglia , a 1,500 - kilometer race from Brescia to Rome and back .
It was , at the time , one of the most famous races in motor sports .
Four 328 roadsters entered .
Thousands of people lined the course , and the BMWs set a blistering pace .
The roadsters , with their little 80 - horsepower engines , dominated their class but were outgunned by the supercharged Alfa Romeos , Delahayes and Talbots .
The fastest cars finished the course in 12 hours and change .
But BMW surprised everyone when A.F.P .
Fane not only took first in the 2.0 - liter class but finished an impressive eighth overall in his 328 .
The others were close behind him , finishing 10th , 11th and 12th overall while giving BMW a clean sweep of its class .
BMW finally had the international breakthrough it had sought .
But the best was yet to come .
Above : Four of the five BMW 328 racers that competed in the 1940 Mille Miglia .
Photo : BMW
The rules governing racing in Germany at the time required cars to have open tops .
That limited the 328 ’s capabilities abroad because , although gorgeous , it was not very aerodynamic .
The engineers were trying to make the six - cylinder engine more powerful but knew the best way to increase speed was to improve aerodynamics .
Wunibald Kamm , an automotive engineer and aerodynamicist , conducted BMW ’s first wind - tunnel tests .
BMW soon decided to build a 328 coupe .
It was a disaster .
The first coupe suffered from poor workmanship and lousy handling .
Although capable of stunning velocities , the car was so unstable at speed that it was , literally , all over the track .
What ’s more , the Nationalist Socialist Motoring Corps , which could be called Germany ’s national racing team , was racing BMW 328 roadsters .
BMW was contractually required to provide the team with the latest technology , and the team demanded a coupe of its own .
Trouble is , BMW did n’t have the spare capacity to build one .
Above : the BMW 328 Touring Coupe during the 1940 Mille Miglia .
Photo : BMW
So the NSKK , or Nationalsozialistisches Kraftfahrkorps , sought help from Italian coachbuilders Carrozzeria Touring .
The company produced the 328 Touring Coupe in just four weeks .
It was stunning .
The car weighed just 1,719 pounds , which was remarkably light for that time .
It was capable of more than 125 mph — and could hold a relatively straight line while doing so .
The Touring Coupe made its debut at the 24 Hours of Le Mans on June 17 , 1939 .
It covered 1,981 miles at an average speed of 82.5 mph to take first in its class and fifth overall .
Above : The BMW 328 Touring Coupe at the start of the 1940 Mille Miglia .
Photo : BMW
BMW went back to work on its own coupe .
The result was the Kamm Coupe .
And as good as the NSKK ’s Touring Coupe was , the Kamm Coupe was better — lighter , faster and sleeker .
It had superior straight - line stability and it was far more aerodynamic — its coefficient of drag , measured with models , was 0.25 , compared to the Touring Coupe ’s 0.35 .
The increased aerodynamic efficiency — comparable to that of the 2010 Toyota Prius — allowed the car to achieve a top speed of 142.9 mph .
The engineers were hard at work on the roadsters , too .
The car got a lighter space frame and a sleeker aluminum skin .
The edge of its sweeping front wings , or fenders , got a pronounced crease to improve aerodynamic efficiency .
That detail gave the car it ’s nickname , the “ Trouser Crease ” roadster .
But with the start of World War II , no knew when , or if , the new cars would see action .
Above : The BMW 328 Kamm Coupe on its way to Italy for the 1940 Mille Miglia .
Photo : BMW
Benito Mussolini suspended the Mille Miglia after a crash killed a number of spectators in 1938 .
But the race was back in business in 1940 , with a revised route .
The new course was a triangular route linking Brescia , Cremona and Mantua .
Drivers would make nine laps of the 103 - mile circuit .
With a new course , the race was given a new name — the First Gran Premio Brescia delle Mille Miglia .
BMW made a big show , entering five cars — three roadsters , the Touring Coupe and the Kamm Coupe .
The grid was dominated by the rosso corsa cars from Fiat , Lancia and Alfa Romeo .
All told there were 70 Italian teams , joined by two lone Delahayes from France .
The BMWs were strong from the start .
Above :
Two of the five BMW 328 race cars in the paddock during the 1940 Mille Miglia .
Photo : BMW
The race started at 4 a.m. with cars leaving the line in one - minute intervals .
The first BMW started off at 4:40 a.m .
By the end of the first lap , Fritz Huschke von Hanstein , in one of the two coupes , was 90 seconds ahead of his closest pursuer .
Count Giovanni Lurani Cernuschi was in third place in the Kamm Coupe with an Alfa Romeo close behind in fourth .
The three 328 roadsters were in seventh , eighth and ninth .
By the end of the second lap , the two coupes led the way , with the Alfa Romeos chasing the roadsters .
And then there was a problem .
Above : the “ Trouser Crease ” roadster making a lap of the 1940 Mille Miglia .
Photo : BMW
The pace proved to be too much for the Kamm Coupe , which developed a problem with the carburetor and then the oiling system , on the seventh lap .
Cernuschi was out of the race .
Von Hanstein continued peeling off impressive laps in the Touring Coupe , but he was so determined to win that he ignored the prearranged handover to co-driver Walter Bäumer .
But with the coupe steadily increasing its lead , von Hanstein relented .
He handed the car over to Bäumer a few miles before the finish .
Bäumer drove the Touring Coupe across the finish line to claim the overall victory with an elapsed time of 8 hours , 54 minutes and 46 seconds .
The drivers had covered the 927 - mile course at an average speed of 104.20 mph .
BMW ’s little coupe so thoroughly dominated the field that the second - place finisher , an Alfa Romeo 6C 2500 SS , was more than 15 minutes behind .
The remaining BMWs finished in third , fifth and sixth place .
Above : The BMW Touring Coupe approaches the finish line at the 1940 Mille Miglia .
Photo : BMW
See Also :
The Tibetan Plateau is the largest and highest mountain region on Earth with glaciers whose meltwater provides the water supply for more than 1.3 billion people through several of the largest rivers in Asia .
In a thesis in Physical Geography from Stockholm University , Jakob Heyman shows that the glaciers in Tibet have remained relatively small and have not been much larger than today for tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands of years back in time .
The study deals with the growth and decay of glaciers in Tibet far back in time , with the aim of attaining better knowledge of glaciations and their link to climate variations .
The results show that the glaciers in Tibet have varied in size but that they have been fairly small far back in time .
In several places the glaciers seems to have been similar in size to today 's glaciers or just slightly larger during the entire last Ice Age .
Considering that Tibet , often called the roof of the world or the third pole , is where the largest number of glaciers outside the polar regions are located , this is remarkable .
" At the same time as huge ice sheets covered northern Europe and North America during the last Ice Age twenty thousand years ago , the glaciers in Tibet were not much larger than today , " says Jakob Heyman .
The field data can be used , together with a mathematical model for the growth of a glacier , to find out how large the climatic variations have been during the last Ice Age .
Preliminary results show that the climate was probably somewhat colder than today but was nevertheless relatively stable .
" If today 's temperature in Tibet were to decrease by five degrees or more , which is not much for an Ice Age cycle , a large ice sheet would probably start growing .
No ice sheet seems to have existed in Tibet , and the cooling can therefore not have been that strong , " says Jakob Heyman .
To determine how large the glaciers have been , satellite images have been used to find landforms created by former glaciers , and field studies have been performed to find sediments and erratic boulders deposited during past glaciations .
To find out when the ice disappeared , samples have been collected from boulders left by the ice and the number of particular isotopes formed in quartz when hit by cosmic rays has been measured .
Because the cosmic ray intensity is known , the number of isotopes can be used to calculate the age for when the boulders were melted out of the ice .
The universities minister has given his clearest indication yet that students could soon be forced to pay higher tuition fees .
In an interview with the Guardian , David Willetts warned that the cost of hundreds of thousands of students ' degree courses was a " burden on the taxpayer that had to be tackled " .
Willetts said he did not want to pre-empt the recommendations of Lord Browne 's independent review into whether fees should rise from £ 3,225 a year .
But he added that students should consider university fees " more as an obligation to pay higher income tax " than a debt .
His words angered the National Union of Students ( NUS ) , whose president - elect , Aaron Porter , said Willetts had failed to understand that graduates were leaving with debts of £ 22,000 on average and that this felt " very much like debt to them " .
A debate over fees will cause huge divisions in the coalition government .
While Willetts has strongly suggested they might rise , the Liberal Democrats have promised to scrap " unfair " tuition fees .
Willetts said the system – whereby universities charge fees , the Student Loans Company pays them and students repay only when they have graduated and earn over £ 15,000 a year – was " unsustainable " and in need of " radical change " .
Labour had " catastrophically failed " to explain to students how the system worked , he said , and the universities were given too few incentives to focus on excellent teaching , he added .
" It is not a matter of simply changing the fees , " he said .
" The system does n't contain strong incentives for universities to focus on teaching and the student experience , as opposed to research . "
Nick Clegg , the Lib Dem leader , and Vince Cable his former deputy have pledged not to vote in favour of higher fees .
To avoid division , the coalition government has agreed to allow Lib Dems to abstain from voting on the issue in parliament .
The review into fees , which is being led by Browne , the former chief executive of BP , is likely to report in the autumn .
A coalition document , published last month , outlined the government 's priorities .
It included ensuring the sector was properly funded , increasing social mobility and advancing scholarship .
Ahead of a speech he will give to Oxford Brookes University tomorrow , Willetts said : " The so - called debt [ students ] have is more like an obligation to pay higher income tax . "
He said he had asked the Higher Education Funding Council for England to write to all higher education institutions requesting they publish their records of how many graduates are in jobs and how they prepare students for the workplace .
The aim is to have the information ready for 2011 , he said .
He added that he wanted teenagers to consider apprenticeships as a possible route into higher education .
This woman has a son a with autism and she began treating him with marijuana brownies .
Apparently she feels that marijuana saved her sons life .
His weight had dropped severely and he refused to eat .
After he bagan the marijuana treatment his weight went up , and he became more managable .
Continue Reading
What goes on in the brain of the groom who says “ I do , ” then has an affair ?
Or the friend who pledges to repay a loan but never does ?
Breaking a promise is a complex neurobiological event , a new study shows — and a brain scan may be able to predict those who are making false promises before they break their word .
Using functional MRI , scientists at the University of Zurich in Switzerland scanned the brains of subjects playing an investment game .
Subjects assigned to be “ investors ” had to decide whether to pledge to share their money with other players who were “ trustees . ”
This arrangement boosted the amount of money in the pot , but it also could result in a loss to the investor if the trustee chose not to share .
Nearly all the subjects said they would give to the trustee — but in the end , not everyone kept this promise .
Based on the fMRI scans , the researchers were able to predict whether the players would break their promise before they actually had the chance to do so in the game .
Promise breakers had more activity in certain brain regions , including the prefrontal cortex , an indication that planning and self - control were involved in suppressing an honest response , and the amygdala , perhaps a sign of conflicting and aversive emotions such as guilt and fear .
If the predictive ability of these scans is borne out in future studies , someday the technique could be of use to the justice system .
“ Brain imaging might be able to help psychologists or psychiatrists decide whether a criminal offender can be released or whether the risk of relapse is too high , ” says lead author Thomas Baumgartner , who emphasizes that such scans would supplement assessments by health professionals , not replace them .
Drinking the Node.js Kool - Aid
Published June 12th , 2010
** The Past and Present **
I ’ve written dozens of event loops for network services , in C , C++ , Python , Perl , Java , Lua , Go and probably other languages at this point .
They all make me reinvent handling of events , none of them are perfect , some are faster than others , but in the end , it is a waste of my time to rewrite them .
My recent favorites has been a combination of C for the low level event loop , and higher level Lua to provide scripting of event handlers ;
This is what the Reconnoiter Monitoring system , the Cloudkick Agent and some proposals for Apache HTTP Server 3.0 , are all built on .
It generally gives you a good combination of performance with the ability to bind down to EPoll or KQueue , and the light weightiness of Lua means your processes do n’t get bogged down on the memory side .
But as Brian Akins was musing this week on dev@httpd , sometimes it just is not enough .
In addition , I have found that most people do n’t know Lua all that well , and you end up stumbling on bad practices when its exposed to a wider audience — the tooling for Lua is still limited , although I did find LuaLint this week which relieved some pain .
At the same time at Cloudkick , most of our infrastructure is build around Twisted Python Application services , communicating over combination of AMQP and Apache Thrift .
Twisted Python ’s name is well deserved , multi- layer callbacks can be difficult to wrap your head around , but after coding in it daily for almost a year , we can crank out mostly working code with minimal bugs — so there is some good behind it , and Inline deferreds generally make it easier to understand , but again the tooling is limited when it comes to debugging Twisted .
In addition , we are always fighting with the Standard Library and common Python modules , because of Twisted ’s model , you either need to do everything the ’ twisted way ’ , or you end up sending it off to another thread anyways .
For these reasons , I have been on the lookout for something better .
Enter Javascript
I have to admit , I had a bad first experience with server side Javascript .
At Joost , we used server side Javascript in a custom environment , built on top of Rhino and a proprietary Java framework .
It was painful , we were pushing things too hard , inventing too much ourselves , Rhino was too slow , and the JVM just is n’t a great platform for fast cycle web development .
Because you are always fighting the JVM and existing Java code to provide features inside the environment , you end up needing to write Java code too .
In addition , almost all your JVM interfaces are blocking , meaning you are back to threading to get anywhere anyways .
** Bring on Node.js **
Node.js however does n’t build on the JVM .
It builds from a clean room environment on top of Google ’s v8 engine .
I played with v8 back when it was first released , cranking out an unmaintained mod_v8 .
It was fast back then , and has only gotten better .
The best thing is its embedding API — Mozilla ’s Spidermonkey has been around for ages , but it was always painful to embed and depend on it .
The main things Node has going for it :
Everything is Async :
Because the base environment has been built essentially from scratch , everything is asynchronous .
This means there is no ‘ defer to thread ’ like in Twisted Python ;
You just ca n’t make blocking code .
: Because the base environment has been built essentially from scratch , everything is asynchronous .
This means there is no ‘ defer to thread ’ like in Twisted Python ;
You just ca n’t make blocking code .
No existing standard library :
While this is somewhat a disadvantage today , because its harder to get going with ‘ batteries included ’ development , it means every bit of Javascript is written specifically for Node.js , in a style that fits in with Node .
: While this is somewhat a disadvantage today , because its harder to get going with ‘ batteries included ’ development , it means every bit of Javascript is written specifically for Node.js , in a style that fits in with Node .
First Class Sockets and HTTP : The example Hello World is over HTTP .
Node keeps you focused on on dealing with the data , rather than spending all your time dealing with the sockets or protocols .
Writing network services in Node just feels natural .
I do n’t have a better way to explain it — I do n’t feel like I do in Twisted Python , where it seems like I am always fighting with the Python environment .
Not only that , Javascript is a high productivity language , with lots of tooling like node - jslint and even debuggers coming along .
In addition because of all the competition on the browser side , Node.js is blazing fast .
No programing language has had the level of technical investment and innovation on their Virtual Machines in the last few years compared to Javascript .
Not a Webapp — an Application Server
Lots of people seem to be excited about building replacement ’s for their Rails Website in Node , but I am not .
Front end web applications are n’t that interesting to me .
You take a template , fill it with variables from various sources , and send it down to the client .
PHP , Django , Drupal , Rails , even Clearsilver , along with millions of other frameworks have had this figured out for a long time .
They all have special features and such , but they are mostly irrelevant to me — find something your developers will have high productivity in , and let em loose .
Node is exciting because it provides a framework for producing reliable backend services , with an easily built REST - style API , that makes accessing it from anywhere else trivial .
It lets you just write clean , async style code for possibly long running processes , in a garbage collected beautiful environment .
The backend engineers all too often reinvent everything every few years , with AMQP becoming more popular ;
And just as quickly it seems to be falling out of popularity .
The tooling on backend services seems to always lag behind , Java has giant complicated things you can use , but they are n’t the right fit for most projects .
Apache
Thrift presented at least a common communications platform for services which is a good start , and hopefully Apache Avro will make them even easier to use .
Backend services lack a Rails .
They lack a Django .
They lack a JQuery or Dojo .
They lack a revolution in how things are structured and built .
Maybe it was SOA , or REST , or a million other terrible acronyms , but it all got mired in stupid marketing .
Node.js seems to have the possibility to change how I build application servers , and for that reason I am very excited for Node ’s future .
** What I ’ve been hacking on ! **
Full drinking the Kool - Aid disclaimer : Earlier today , my first patch to Node.js was merged .
It provided UDP & dgram unix daemon socket support .
I do n’t think it makes me a biased Node .js zealot yet , I just contributed it because it seemed useful for my own projects , and I wrote it in only a few hours .
I wrote the UDP patch to support my unpublicized Dislocate project .
It is basically seeking to unify service discovery , load balancing and administration across multiple data centers with varying latency — something I think is required to build true auto - scalling solutions .
It is replacing in a sense part of DNS , part of Load Balancers , and part of configuration management .
I am hoping to get something like a first beta release out this June of Dislocate , and will write up more about it at that time .
They are doing it for two reasons : a ) because they know Muslims love their prophet and therefore consider any depiction of him to be offensive and b ) because they believe that they are flag - bearers for freedom of speech and that drawing Muhammad is one of the last taboos left to break in Western society .
I wo n’t get into the freedom of speech debate and why such an endeavor has little to do with freedom of speech heroics , except to briefly point out two things : a ) that this is not the first or last time someone has gone out to draw Muhammad pbuh , so there is nothing really ground breaking here , and b ) we in the West do in fact have a standard of decency despite our freedom of speech .
You wo n’t for example find 60,000 people promoting a day of drawing racist or anti-Semitic cartoons , even though they would have the right to do so under freedom of speech -- at least not without a public backlash .
The reason for this has less to do with freedom of speech and more to do with the simple fact that our society - after decades of missing the point -- has evolved to such a level where we actually comprehend why such a public campaign would be offensive and uncalled for .
You may say : “ Oh but the Muhammad campaign is different . ”
Your reasoning may go something like this : religion is a choice , whereas race or ethnic identity are not , so it is fair game to be critical of religion but not race .
There is truth to this argument .
But there are also two small problems with it that many seem to readily miss : a ) there is a difference between objective criticism , and a campaign of ridicule and insults , and b ) what if the next Facebook group came out and said , we find your lack of enthusiasm for a Facebook cartoon campaign that ridicules Blacks , or Jews , or Whites , or Latinos to be prudish and inherently incompatible with the values of our great Western civilization ?
You may say : Well , but I do n’t object to the principle that racists have a right to free expression of racism , absolutely they do .
Great , but the question is would you promote it ?
Would you champion it in the name of the principle of free speech or so as to make an academic point about defeating existing taboos of what is deemed off limits ?
Probably not .
And the reason why not ?
Because your own standards of what is decent and what is not rightly cause you to write off racially offending people .
My friend , that brings you to the “ Yes you can but no you should n’t ” club , does n’t it ?
Come sit next to us because I and my fellow American Muslims never questioned that Americans have a right to offend our religious sensitivities and draw our prophet .
Our simple message always was :
Just because one has a right to do it , it does not make it the right thing to do .
Having said that , the campaign is already on , so what are we Muslims to do now ?
Well , it ’s simple : absolutely nothing .
Let the show go on .
I would however advise that we do something for ourselves and that is make today a “ Pray for Muhammad Day . ”
Rather than concern ourselves too much with the actions of others , let ’s put our own values to action .
If someone wishes to offend , let them knock themselves out trying .
Let us instead take the higher ground and appreciate the mercy , love , and other teachings our prophet brought us by making a prayer for him on a day when others go out of their way to ridicule him .
Today , let us pray for our prophet .
But that is not all .
Let us pray for the cartoonists who see fit to insult our prophet , that they should understand our love for our prophet and that they should be guided to peace in their hearts rather than animosity for others .
Let us pray for our fellow Muslims who react to prophet cartoons with anger or violence , that they should also find peace in their hearts rather than return hate with greater hate .
Image caption Australia 's mining sector is driving up the economy , prices and interest rates
Australian consumer confidence has fallen sharply as the recent run of interest rate rises start to take their toll , a survey has indicated .
Confidence fell 7 % in May - its biggest monthly drop since autumn 2008 - according to study by Westpac bank and the Melbourne Institute .
However , confidence levels are still nearly 22 % higher than a year ago
Australia 's central bank raised its main interest rate to 4.5 % earlier this month .
In October , rates were 3 % .
Mortgage rates have been rising even faster , putting pressure on household spending .
However , the country 's economy has been doing well because of its rich natural resources , such as iron ore , which are in strong demand in the fastest growing world economies , particularly China .
The bank behind the survey said the recent turmoil on the world 's financial markets was also hitting confidence .
" As we have seen with the index today interest rates are now starting to bite , " said Bill Evans , chief economist at Westpac .
" The news from offshore is disturbing with the disruptions to global financial markets likely to impact the global recovery . "
News in Science
Mammoth blood brought back to life
The blood of the extinct woolly mammoth has been brought back to life using ancient DNA from the bones of specimens found in Siberia .
In today 's Nature Genetics , an international team of researchers show how it used modern bacteria to recreate the main blood protein , haemoglobin .
Analysis of the recreated haemoglobin has also answered the riddle of how the giant mammoth was able to survive the harsh Arctic conditions , says the study 's co-author Professor Alan Cooper , director of the Australian Centre for Ancient DNA at the University of Adelaide .
Cooper says the technique can now be used on a range of proteins of extinct species , including the Tasmanian Tiger and even Neanderthal man , to better understand the " soft biology " or physiology of lost species .
" It is the same as if we went back 30,000 years and stuck a needle into a living mammoth , " he says .
" This is true palaeobiology , as we can study and measure how these animals functioned as if they were alive today . "
Back to life
To recreate the mammoth haemoglobin , the team used DNA found in the Siberian permafrost from three specimens that lived between 25,000 to 43,000 years ago .
The researchers converted the protein's DNA sequences into strands of complementary DNA ( cDNA ) .
These were then inserted into modern - day E. coli bacteria , which manufactured the authentic mammoth protein .
Cooper , who admits he thought the idea would n't work when approached by co-author Professor Kevin Campbell of the University of Manitoba , Canada , says it has been " remarkable to bring a complex protein from an extinct species , such as the mammoth , back to life " .
He says the study shows the mammoth 's blood was adapted to cope with the freezing conditions through three evolutionary changes in the haemoglobin protein that make it temperature insensitive .
These changes occurred after the populations of the mammoth migrated from their tropical origins to the Arctic about two million years ago .
In the mammoth , haemoglobin is able to continue to deliver oxygen to cells even in freezing conditions .
In humans , haemoglobin is temperature sensitive , meaning it gets sticky as it gets cold and does n't release the oxygen resulting in cell death and conditions such as frost bite .
Pleistocene Park ?
But those hoping this might lead to a living woolly mammoth will be disappointed .
" This is not going to bring the species back to life - we 've [ only ] done this to one protein , " Cooper says .
He says the experience of cloning shows reproduction needs a mother of the same species to carry the embryo .
And those yearning for Jurassic Park to come to life will also have to wait .
Cooper says the technique relies on DNA , which is not preserved in fossils , making it unlikely it can be used on species such as dinosaurs that died out millions of years ago .
HASAKE , SYRIA — When archaeologist Edward Whitson joined a Penn State University dig in Hasake last year , he did so to participate in the excavation of a Late Bronze Age settlement rich in pottery shards and clay figurines .
Whitson had hoped to determine whether the items contained within the site were primarily Persian or Assyrian in origin .
Edward Whitson waits while yet another tortured wraith rises from a dig site in Syria .
Advertisement
Instead , he found himself fleeing giant flying demon-cats as he ran through the temple 's cavernous halls , jumping from ledge to ledge while locked in a desperate struggle for his life and soul for what seemed like the thousandth time in his 27 - year career .
" All I wanted to do was study the settlement 's remarkably well - preserved kiln , " said the 58 - year - old Whitson , carefully recoiling the rope he had just used to clamber out of a pit filled with giant rats .
" I did n't want to be chased by yet another accursed manifestation of an ancient god - king 's wrath . "
Advertisement
Over the course of his career , Whitson has been frequently lauded by colleagues for his thorough , methodical examinations of ancient peoples .
He has also been chased by the snake - bodied ophidian women of Al'lat in Israel , hunted down by Mayan coyote specters manifested out of lost time and shadow in the Yucatan , and hounded by the Arctic - sky - filling Walrus Bone Woman of the early Inuits .
" It 's true , I 've got to stop reading the inscriptions on ancient door seals out loud , " Whitson said .
" I also need to quit dusting off medallions set into strange sarcophagi , allowing the light to hit them for the first time in centuries .
And replacing the jewels that have fallen from the foreheads of ancient frog - deity statues — that 's just bad archaeological practice . "
Advertisement
Whitson added that he hopes one day to excavate an ancient Egyptian monastery or marketplace without hearing the ear - splitting shrieks of the undead while being swarmed by green - glowing carnivorous stink beetles .
A dig in Yalvac , Turkey , is once again disrupted by the occult .
Advertisement
" I realize I 'm entering grounds that are considered sacred to these people , " Whitson said .
" But that does n't mean I deserve to be pelted with poison - tipped darts shot from cavern walls .
A simple ' Do Not Enter ' sign in hieroglyphics would suffice . "
Turning to the subject of his latest incident at a dig site in Peru , Whitson maintains he was not at fault for summoning the forces of evil .
Advertisement
" I was just idly rearranging flint sickle blades that had already been catalogued .
Apparently , I spelled out the true name of a long - dead god-priest , " Whitson said .
" Ca n't a man even clean up his work area without inadvertently conjuring up a pack of lightning - breathing ocelots ? "
Making matters worse , such encounters have had little to no scientific value .
" It 's always , ' I will drink your soul ' or ' I will chew the flesh from your bones ' with these hellish apparitions , " Whitson said .
" When I ask them if that means the ancient Etruscans did , in fact , add copper to their mixing clay to make their urns more sturdy , they do n't even seem to hear me . "
Advertisement
Worn down by nearly three decades of peril , Whitson said he plans to move off the front lines to become a museum curator or in - office researcher .
" It 's unfortunate , " Whitson said .
" Nothing quite compares to being out in the field on an actual dig .
But the reality is , I 'm really starting to hate almost getting killed all the time . "
Image caption Medical records could contain details of patients holding firearms licences
Doctors are preparing to share information on gun owners with police so they can flag up patients who could be a danger to themselves or others .
The British Medical Association says discussions are taking place with the police and the Home Office on exactly how this system might work .
Electronic tags could be placed in medical records to show which patients hold a firearms or shotgun licence .
But the BMA stresses it is not the job of doctors to police their patients .
" Such a system can be appropriate , provided it is used as part of the ordinary care given to a patient , " says the body which represents doctors .
" It can , for example , be a useful aide - mémoire , to remind doctors that the patient has , or may have , access to a firearm .
" Such a system should not , however , imply that the GP practice has taken on particular obligations to monitor or oversee the mental health of individuals holding firearms licences , " explains the BMA .
Image caption Gun owner Derrick Bird shot dead 12 people and injured 11 more in Cumbria
These discussions are taking place just two weeks after the fatal shooting of 12 people in Cumbria by taxi driver Derrick Bird .
As yet , no evidence has emerged that Bird had any health problems before he started his rampage .
The BMA says doctors have always been prepared to breach confidentiality and inform on patients if they have concerns about their mental health .
Safety checks
Firearms licences last for five years .
Anyone applying for a licence must go through their local police .
In doing so they have to declare if they have any health problems affecting their fitness to hold a licence and give permission for police to approach their doctor about any such issues .
The ACPO lead officer for firearms licensing , Assistant Chief Constable Adrian Whiting , said an agreement with the BMA had been reached .
" It is important that suitable safeguards should exist around personal data and the security of firearms and explosives .
" An agreement to share information has been agreed in principle and the technical details are now being decided upon , " he said .
" To discuss it further now would be premature and this work , together with any proposals for change , would no doubt be considered in any future discussions on the UK firearms licensing system . "
A Home Office spokesperson said : " We await the outcome of these discussions and will consider them as part of our look at firearms licensing laws . "
The Medical College of Wisconsin will investigate the effects of chemicals in marijuana on the development of psychiatric disorders thanks to $ 1.7 million grant from the National Institute of Health 's National Institute on Drug Abuse .
…
Using lab research and mouse models , this study will test the hypothesis that the primary psychoactive chemical in marijuana produces an over-activation of an enzyme in the brain and that this is responsible for the increased incidence of psychiatric disorders in marijuana users .
Ever heard someone argue against medical marijuana on the grounds that there has n’t been enough research to prove that it works ?
There 's been plenty , of course , but there would be even more if the government were n't spending all its grant money trying to prove that marijuana is poisonous instead of therapeutic :
Last I checked , the " primary psychoactive chemical in marijuana " is widely available in an FDA - approved pill that the National Institute on Drug Abuse has never lobbied to take off the shelves .
How concerned could they possibly be about the dangers of THC if they let doctors prescribe it to people ?
The sick truth here is that their only agenda is to create negative headlines about marijuana , not to discover anything of actual scientific significance .
That 's why they spend their money dosing rats with powerful synthetic chemicals instead of studying the massive population of real medical marijuana patients who are using it successfully to treat a variety of illnesses .
Pour on the Flavor
Nothing reminds us of homemade cooking like gravy , and every variety of HEINZ Gravy tastes as good as homemade .
Prepare your next meal with the comforting , rich and savory flavor of HEINZ Gravy .
“ Anyone who knows David , knows he is someone of great integrity , ” one friend said .
“ He has been very private about his life .
But he absolutely wants the public to understand the reasons for this arrangement , it has not been about making a profit .
He has decided he wants to be absolutely clear .
His integrity is obviously very important . ”
Soccer fans worldwide are gearing up for the most popular sporting event on the planet , the 2010 World Cup , set to kickoff June 11 for the first time on African soil in South Africa .
Here ’s a basic overview and intro to the World Cup and what to expect .
The tournament , organized by the International Federation of Association Football ( FIFA ) , will feature 32 of the world ’s best national teams , whose rosters include professional soccer players from clubs around the world .
This year ’s month - long World Cup carries special historic significance because it ’s being held on the African continent for the very first time .
South Africa versus Mexico will be the game opener in Johannesburg on Friday .
The games will be held in 10 stadiums in nine South African cities where 64 matches will be played in all .
Besides Johannesburg , games will be played in Bloemfontein , Cape Town , Durban , Nelspruit , Polokwane , Port Elizabeth , Pretoria and Rustenburg .
The top two teams in each group will advance to the elimination round of 16 games .
The eight winners of the second round will then reach the quarterfinals , four the semifinals and eventually two in the finals .
Only seven countries have won the 18 World Cups , which takes place every four years .
The first World Cup took place in Uruguay in 1930 .
All previous World Cup champions have qualified this year : reigning champion Italy , plus Argentina , Brazil , England , France , Germany and Uruguay .
Sports experts say Spain is this year ’s favorite to watch .
However other serious contenders include the usual suspects : Argentina , Brazil , England , France , Germany , Italy and the Netherlands .
Soccer analysts say certain countries have a distinct way of playing the “ beautiful game . ”
For example the English play a hard - nosed , direct style with little fancy passing .
The Germans are highly organized and almost mechanical in their skill level .
The Italians like to control the back line and like to slow the pace while being careful about committing too many players forward for an attack .
The Italians also have excellent skill and awareness allowing them to seize upon any opening .
Brazil best describes one of the many Latin styles in soccer with fast - paced , forward - moving attacks .
Brazilian players are known for being some of the world ’s most prolific dribblers that can maintain ball control for long stretches .
Africans are described as fast and individually talented but lack team resources to overcome the more deliberate games of the Europeans or of the equally fast and more experienced South Americans .
Historians , politicians and players say the World Cup will be a defining moment in the history of South Africa and the sport .
The excitement has swept across the country in the six - year buildup to the games .
South African President Jacob Zuma , former captain of his soccer team on notorious Robben Island – where Nelson Mandela was incarcerated for more than 18 years along side other political freedom fighters – says Africa will shine when it steps into the world stage .
“ This is the single greatest opportunity we have ever had to showcase our diversity and potential to the world , ” he said at the 50 - day countdown celebration in April .
“ We must rise and tell the story of a continent , which is alive with possibilities . ”
During South Africa ’s apartheid era ( 1948 - 94 ) in which laws and policies there sanctioned racial discrimination , the nation was banned from most international sporting events .
In 1998 , during the country ’s first World Cup appearance after apartheid , South Africa failed to advance out of the first round .
However , many in South Africa see the 2010 World Cup as a unifying force in a nation often described as black and white , rich and poor .
The World Cup has to be about the lasting legacy that is left behind and the hopes of a promising and developing future , they say .
All World Cup games are expected to be televised live in the U.S. through ABC / ESPN .
Photo :
A penalty shootout is held at the end of a soccer match near Lichtenburg , in the rural part of northern South Africa .
The government ’s youth development agency brought a portable party to Lichtenburg this week as part of a campaign to ensure South Africans in remote parts of the country get a long - awaited taste of the World Cup .
Villager Maria Bogatsu says maybe now the eyes of government officials will be opened to poverty in rural South Africa .
( Denis Farrell / AP )
Think this is just another devastatingly gorgeous picture of a volcano from NASA ?
Well , you 're right .
Kinda .
First , the image is from NASA 's Earth Observatory - 1 , which -- surprise ! -- observes the Earth .
The volcano in question is Volcán Villarrica , a 2850 meter ( 9300 foot ) snow - capped stratovolcano at the southern tip of Chile .
It 's a fairly active mountain , frequently ejecting ash and airborne rocks called pyroclasts , and causing lahars ( mud flows ) .
You can see the mess it 's made to the east ( right ) , and to the west there is a vast network of grooves caused by flowing mud and lava .
So , cool picture , right ?
The thing is , this is n't a picture .
At least , not really !
You 'd expect that EO - 1 is equipped with a camera much like a digital camera you can get in a store ( though probably a tad more pricey ) .
And in fact , most cameras on board satellites are like that : a two - dimensional array ( or grid ) of light - sensitive diodes .
When exposed to light , they create electrons which fill each pixel like water fills a bucket .
Electronics then read out the electrons and count 'em up .
Brighter spots have more electrons , dimmer spots have fewer .
Tadaa !
Picture .
But that 's not how the Advanced Land Imager on EO - 1 works .
The following description simplifies things a bit ( go to their page for more details ) , but essentially the imager has a row of pixels instead of a grid .
When sitting at the back on of the telescope facing downward , each pixel sees a square of the Earth about 10 meters ( 33 feet ) on a side .
Imagine the satellite were standing still , and took a picture .
It would see a long thin rectangular region of the Earth , 10 meters wide and some kilometers long .
It takes some tiny fraction of a second to take that picture and to read out the row of pixels -- that is , get the electrons out of each pixel and record how many there were ( that 's why your camera pauses for a moment after you take a picture ) .
But the satellite is moving , orbiting the Earth .
So now imagine that the exposure and readout time of the row of pixels is exactly the same as the time it takes for the view of the camera to move by 10 meters .
In that case , just as the camera is ready to take another picture , the pixels have moved ( or the Earth has slid underneath by ) exactly their own field of view .
When it takes the second shot , it 's seeing the very next strip of land adjacent to the first shot .
This happens continuously , so the camera is basically taking a picture of strip after strip of the Earth .
Once all those rows are beamed down to Earth , software can be used to stitch the image together , turning a pile of one - dimensional images of the Earth into a glorious two - dimensional picture like of the volcano , above .
In other words , that picture of the volcano was n't taken all at once : it was taken row by row , each one individually , and then stitched together after the fact .
Cool , huh ?
And maybe it sounds familiar : I bet you 've used this method yourself .
Ever had a scene you could n't fit on one picture , so you took two ?
And then later , using some software like Photoshop , you stitched the two pictures together ( creating what 's called a panographic picture ) .
Well , that 's what the imager on EO - 1 does , but instead of turning the camera to get the second shot , the satellite allows its orbital motion to naturally put the next shot into frame .
Also , this is how scanners work !
They do n't take a two - dimensional image of what you 're scanning ; they have a single row of pixels that moves across the document , continuously reading out what it sees .
Once it 's done , all those individual rows can be stuck together to make an actual picture .
For an Earth - orbiting satellite this is a pretty clever move .
Having only a single row of pixels saves weight , space , and power .
Since the satellite orbits the Earth you just use its motion to make the panning movement for you .
Some astronomical observatories do this as well , like WISE , which spins around the Earth and takes huge scans of the sky as it does .
Other big ' scopes like Hubble point at their targets and sit there , letting the picture build up , but that 's not always the best way to get your data .
It just depends on what you 're trying to do .
The cool things about all this for me is just how many ways we can observe the Universe ( and our home in it ! ) and the fact that smart people have figured this out !
I 've said it before , and no doubt I 'll say it again : I 'm glad smart people are around .
They make life so much more interesting for the rest of us !
Image credit : Jesse Allen and Robert Simmon , using EO - 1 ALI data provided courtesy of the NASA EO - 1 team
The debate continues : Dr Glikson v Joanne Nova
Dr Andrew Glikson ( an Earth and paleoclimate scientist , at the Australian National University ) contacted Quadrant offering to write about the evidence for man-made global warming .
Quadrant approached me asking for my response .
Dr Glikson replied to my reply , and I replied again to him ( copied below ) .
No money exchanged hands , but Dr Glikson is , I presume , writing in an employed capacity , while I write pro bono .
Why is it that the unpaid self taught commentator needs to point out the evidence he does n’t seem to be aware of ?
Why does a PhD need to be reminded of basic scientific principles ( like , do n’t argue from authority ) .
Such is the vacuum of funding for other theories that a debate that ought to happen inside the university obviously has n’t occurred .
Such is the decrepit , anaemic state of university science that even a doctorate does n’t guarantee a scientist can reason .
Where is the rigor in the training , and the discipline in the analysis ?
Credibility lies on evidence
by Joanne Nova
April 29 , 2010
Reply to Andrew Glikson
Dr Andrew Glikson still misses the point , and backs his arguments with weak evidence and logical errors .
Instead of empirical evidence , often he quotes authoritative reports written by glorified committees .
He sidesteps around the central issue — where is the evidence for the positive feedback assumed in the models ?
This feedback creates the disaster .
If the “ hot spot ” is missing and feedback is negative , almost everything else is irrelevant .
Glikson serves the Australian taxpayer , yet gives us only half the story .
Throw away your thermometers , we found the “ hot spot ” with wind - gauges !
Glikson claims Sherwood 2008 [ 1 ] found the hot spot , but there are no such grand claims in that paper , and nor do the graphs he selected support it .
Possibly Glikson meant to refer to another Sherwood paper ( Allen and Sherwood 2008 [ 2 ] ) where they just threw out the temperature measurements holus bolus and used wind shear analysis .
Despite the creative effort , all they achieved was to find results that fall within the wide error bars of possibility .
This is after nine years of efforts in re-analysing the radiosonde data .
Clutching at straws anyone ?
The temperature sensors on weather balloons are individually calibrated to a tenth of a degree , the hot - spot is at least 0.6°C , and there have been hundreds of thousands of measurements , so why throw them all away ?
As I wrote in the Skeptics Handbook : “ Thermometers ferrgoodnesssake are designed to measure the temperature .
Why should wind - gauges accidentally be better at it ? ”
Of the four main data sets ( two satellites and two weather - balloon sets ) , three are in good agreement with each other , and their results unequivocally say that there is no “ hot spot ” .
( See fig 1 ) .
One satellite set ( RSS ) got results that slightly overlap with results from some models .
That ’s as good as it gets for the models .
Figure 1 .
A more detailed view of the disparity of temperature trends is given in this plot of trends ( in degrees C/ decade ) versus altitude in the tropics ( Douglass et al. 2007 - [ 9 ] ) .
Models show an increase in the trend with altitude , but observations from balloons and satellites do not .
Graph thanks to NIPCC .
Glikson apparently does n’t understand the power of the feedbacks in the climate models and the meaning of the hot spot .
His response is tortuous .
He mistakenly infers that if the hot spot is missing there could be no global warming .
It ’s a strawman that tells us he does n’t understand the chart .
The hot spot pattern is meant to compare trends between the air 10 km up and the surface , not absolute temperatures .
And I ’m quite consistent in saying that man-made warming is probably real but minor .
I provided two references suggesting it is in the order of 0.5 °C of warming instead of 3.5 °C .
Yes , CO 2 causes warming , but how much ? [ 10 ] [ 11 ]
If either of the papers I listed is right , you can kiss goodbye to the catastrophe .
Glikson then digs deeply into the handbag of IPCC quick - fix - glue and resorts to the ritual lines about how the IPCC has “ looked at every possible cause ” and ruled all the rest out .
It ’s known as argument from ignorance : we ca n’t think of anything else it could be .
Never mind that they are searching for answers with the same models that ca n’t “ find ” the Medieval Warm Period , the Roman Warming , the cause of the Little Ice Age , the warm period in the 1940 ’s , or the cooling of the ‘ 50s and ‘ 60s either .
Never mind that even the IPCC admits they can’t model cloud cover well , and ca n’t explain why there ’s been no statistically significant warming since 1995 .
When you look everywhere with a blindfold on , the only thing you find is darkness .
Sea -levels that shock ( 80 years later )
Glikson criticises me for looking at sea level data from only the last 20 years , but he forgets that I did that in response to his claim that things are “ worse than the IPCC predicted ” .
The IPCC remember , was created in 1988 and so his idea of using a sea - level graph back to 1900 rather misses the point .
Sure sea level trends increased in the 1930s , but if that trend “ shocks ” the researchers in 2009 , that is n’t a point to brag about .
Obviously the claim that sea level rise is worse than the IPCC predicted was shown to be patently , obviously wrong by the graph I posted in my last piece .
Sea levels have risen , but the trend has not accelerated at all since the IPCC was formed .
Indeed it seems to be flattening off , something that Glikson also did not disagree with .
There ’s no reason to look back 100 years and pretend to be shocked in the last two years that things got worse than you thought – 80 years ago .
Cause and Effect goes AWOL
Every other point that Glikson makes ( sea levels , ice sheets , and Greenland melt extents ) are all effects of global warming and do n’t tell us anything about the cause of the warming .
But they do at least tell us that the warming started a century before our carbon emissions began to rise , which rather puts the kybosh on the recent correlation with CO 2 in any case .
Sure , let ’s talk “ long term ” : sea levels have been rising since 1850 , and glaciers have been melting since 1800 .
We ’ve been recovering from the Little Ice Age for 200 years .
Fully 70 % of the carbon that ’s “ Man - Made ” has been made since 1945 and the trend has n’t changed .
( Fig 2 )
Figure 2 .
Glacier shortening [ 3 ] [ 4 ] and sea level rise [ 5 ] .
Gray area designates simulated range of error in the sea level record .
These measurements lag air temperature in creases by about 20 years .
So , the trends began more than a century be fore in creases in hydrocarbon use .
GRAPH from the global warming review by Robinson , Robinson and Soon .
Ocean Acidification ?
Do n’t pour hydrochloric acid into your fish tank , OK ?
I claimed that fears about acidification are theoretical rather than observed , and to back up my point Glikson links to a summary statement from a symposium .
It ’s yet another committee report , and not empirical evidence .
When a researcher recently did the hard yards of actually bubbling CO 2 through corals in a tank , and also analyzing sediment cores , she and her team found that in the last 220 years as CO 2 levels increased the average cocolith mass grew by 40 % . [ 6 ]
Far from inhibiting coral growth , warmer temperatures and increased CO 2 has apparently helped corals .
Her results were different from others because she used CO2 to increase the acidity , rather than throwing hydrochloric acid into the tank as people had previously done .
Did the cryosphere melt ?
Glikson originally talked about Arctic sea ice , which was not only irrelevant in a discussion about the cause of global warming , but was misleading because Antarctic sea ice has grown , and globally the levels peak at the roughly the same size each year .
Glikson does n’t disagree with this , but oddly calls the Arctic shrinking a “ decline ” and the Antarctic increase a “ fluctuation ” .
He shifts topic and suggests the ice sheets on Antarctica are losing ice mass .
But Wingham et al found that Antarctic ice appears to be thickening by around 27 Gt ± 29 Gt / yr , resulting in a slight reduction in sea-levels . [ 7 ]
That “ partial offset ” in East Antarctica that Glikson quotes looks like it ’s larger than the trend it is “ offsetting ” .
Will the plants wither ?
Not likely …
I linked to hundreds of studies showing plants prefer higher CO 2 levels , and Glikson quotes a study that “ expects ” CO 2 “ may ” inhibit plant growth when combined with all the other projections that the unvalidated , flawed models project .
I ’m warned to consider complex whole systems , not just single variable studies .
Righto .
Let ’s do that : satellites record that the biomass of the entire planet increased 6 % from 1982 – 1999 [ 8 ] .
( Six percent in just 18 years ! )
So , all that warming and a large increase in CO 2 worked out just fine for life on Earth .
Are these CO 2 levels “ unprecedented ” ?
Glikson refers to studies from millions of years ago when CO 2 levels were equivalent to today , but temperatures were even higher .
The big problem with these studies is that we know higher temperatures cause CO 2 levels to rise .
There is 50 times as much CO 2 in the oceans as there is in the atmosphere , and it ’s simple chemistry that the oceans release CO 2 as they warm .
So again , as with the ice cores , the cause and effect link is most likely the reverse of what he and Gore imply .
If it was warmer back then , there would have been more CO 2 in the atmosphere .
It ’s no surprise at all that the CO 2 was higher at the same time as the temperature was as well , indeed it ’s utterly predictable .
Evidence — What evidence ?
Glikson reckons the credibility in science lies with “ respected authorities ” ( are there any left ? ) .
It ’s a naked fallacy of logic .
Credibility in science lies with those who have evidence and do n’t break laws of reason .
It ’s judged by how well the theories predict the real world .
Empirical evidence is what makes or breaks it , and the bigger predictions of man-made global warming have been busted .
Glikson mixes up cause and effect .
He pays lip service to my comment that sea - level , glaciers and melting ice are effects of warming , and do n’t tell us what caused the warming .
But having done that , in the most fitting of ironies , without even blinking , he finishes up with claims that the ClimateGate emails do n’t detract from the reality of ice melting and seas rising and all those nasty storms .
For once he ’s right , those emails do n’t detract at all from all the irrelevant , distracting discussion points out there .
( But why say it ? )
He wonders how much evidence I need ?
I want evidence that sheds light on the cause .
I need a bit more than one study where wind - gauges pretend to be thermometers , while the thermometers apply for a redundancy package .
Is that too much to ask ?
Thanks to Baa Humbug and DE for advice and research
References
[ 1 ] Steven C. Sherwood , Cathryn L. Meyer , and Robert J. Allen : Robust Tropospheric Warming Revealed by Iteratively Homogenized Radiosonde Data , American Meteorological Society , Journal of Climate 2008 ; 21 : 5336-5352 http://journals.ametsoc.org/doi/abs/10.1175/2008JCLI2320.1
[ 2] Allen RJ , and Sherwood , S.C. ( 2008 ) : Warming Maximum in the tropical upper trophosphere deduced from thermal winds .
Nature Geoscience .
25 May 2008 ; doi:10.1038/ngeo208
[ 3 ] Oerlemanns , J. ( 2005 ) Science 308 , 675-677 .
[ 4 ]
Jevrejeva , S. , Grinsted , A. , Moore , J. C. , and Holgate , S. ( 2006 ) J. Geophysical Res. 111,2005JC003229 .
http://www.pol.ac.uk/psmsl/au thor_archive/jevrejeva_etal_gsl/
[ 5 ] Leuliette , E. W. , Nerem , R. S. , and Mitchum , G. T. ( 2004 ) Marine Geodesy 27 , No. 1 - 2 , 79 -94 .
http://sealevel.colorado.edu/
[ 6 ]
Iglesias - Rodriguez , M.D. , Halloran , P.R. , Rickaby , R.E.M. , Hall , I.R. , Colmenero - Hidalgo , E. , Gittins , J.R. , Green , D.R.H. , Tyrrell , T. , Gibbs , S.J. , von Dassow , P. , Rehm , E. , Armbrust , E.V. and Boessenkool , K.P. 2008 .
Phytoplankton calcification in a high - CO2 world .
Science 320 : 336-340 .
[ 7 ] D. J. Wingham , * , A. Shepherd , A. Muir And G. J. Marshall , Mass Balance Of The Antarctic Ice Sheet , Phil . Trans .
R. Soc. A ( 2006 ) 364 , 1627 –1635
[ 8 ] Ramakrishna R. Nemani , * Charles D. Keeling , Hirofumi Hashimoto , William M. Jolly , Stephen C. Piper , Compton J. Tucker , Ranga B. Myneni , Steven W. Running ( 2003 ) Climate - Driven Increases in Global Terrestrial Net Primary Production from 1982 to 1999 , Science : Vol. 300. no. 5625 , pp. 1560 – 1563
[ 9 ]
Douglass , D.H. , J.R. Christy , B.D. Pearson , and S.F. Singer . 2007 .
A comparison of tropical temperature trends with model predictions .
International Journal of Climatology .
[ 10 ] Lindzen , R. S. , and Y.- S. Choi ( 2009 ) , On the determination of climate feedbacks from ERBE data , Geophys .
Res. Lett. , 36 , L16705 , doi:10.1029/2009GL039628 . ( Also updated in 2010 ) ;
[ 11 ] Spencer , R.W. , Braswell , W.D. , Christy , J.R. , Hnilo , J. , 2007 .
Cloud and radiation budget changes associated with tropical intraseasonal oscillations .
Geophysical Research Letters , 34 , L15707 , doi:10.1029/2007/GL029698 ;
Additional information :
Avoiding Carbon Myopia , Science and Public Policy Institute , Willie Soon and David Legates
SOURCE : The Doomed Planet , a Quadrant Article
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 4.0/10 ( 3 votes cast )
No need to check your calendars or finely crafted digital watches my friends , for it is Saturday Morning , and time for your faithful webcomics to arrive at your e-door .
We pay our artists nothing and laugh in their faces when they beg for scraps .
That ’s what a free webcomic means .
And now , the further adventures of …
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
And just because it ’s GENRE day here at ART LAND , I make fun of Noir .
Ah , the pointlessness of solving life ’s mysteries .
It ’s funny because it ’s bleak .
That ’s it for the BunToons this week , join us next week , when I write and draw something IRONIC for a change , and I do so while wearing a wetsuit and wrestling a fish .
TY THE GUY
Go HERE to read last week ’s Bun Toon : BIG HAT DOG !
To share post :
–
–
This post contains spoilers for the episode The Pandorica Opens .
You have be warned .
Inspired by a Pandoricake @Benjamin_Cook made ( http://twitpic.com/1y9n7p ) last week and encouraged by @DoktorWatson I decided to make my own Pandoricake to hold a gingerbread Doctor .
It ummmmm was a slight disaster to begin with and ended up having to be cut down in size massively … …
( or it experienced a Big Bang as one of my tweeps decided to point out )
Anyways after much stressing I managed to fix it ( sort of ) .
Here ’s the result :
I also made a little gingerbread Doctor , Amy , Rory the Roman , and River Song to go with the cake :
The Pandoricake Opens ……
So , that ’s the Pandoricake .
I shall be munching it on it during The Big Bang tonight .
Hope everyone enjoys the finale !
xxxxxx
Let ’s Call Them What They Really Are : Fascists
There is a battle raging in America today .
The beacon of freedom and liberty in the world is on the edge of an abyss : in the chasm dwells an extremely intolerant society where the state and corporation are one , and the American Corporate Empire is the world ’s only superpower .
“ Fascism should more appropriately be called Corporatism because it is a merger of state and corporate power . ”
- Benito Mussolini
Over the last 30 years , the most extreme elements of the right wing have increased in both number and intensity .
Every year , what is considered extreme right somehow becomes ordinary conservative , and what was formerly conservative strangely becomes considered to be centrist .
This is a clear march towards fascism , and needs to be called for what it is .
The reality is this : in the historical context , the increasing radicalization of America is not without precedent .
A very similar process was conducted in the 1920‘s in Europe , albeit in a different form .
That said , nobody is claiming that the fascists in America today want to gas 6 million Jews .
What they want is complete political control in order to force their puritanical ideology down the throats of everyone everywhere .
This is their goal : empowerment of an American Empire through the means of corporations .
The New Operation Condor
American fascists and proto- fascists are best comparable to the Continental Right , the same group of ultra-conservatives who are responsible for the atrocities committed under Operation Condor in South America .
For those unfamiliar with Operation Condor , there were a number of countries who lost their democracies under a military coup d’état or more conventional takeover by more ultra-conservative elements in the 1970s partially with the help of the CIA .
Tens of thousands of liberals , academics , atheists , labor leaders , community organizers , artists , and indigenous rights activists were threatened , silenced , tortured , raped , “ disappeared ” , and / or murdered .
Do these groups seem to be targeted by anyone in the United States today ?
Further , it is no surprise that conservatives in the US are the ones who supported and continue to try to defend the military coup in Honduras last year .
The elites in the Americas who have been so bloated with wealth from corporations have masterful propaganda machines that are able to spin any situation extremely well , and despite no nation on the planet recognizing the military installed regime after the coup , the Continental Right attempted to justify it .
The Honduran situation has also seen the return of fascist run death squads .
Shift to the Extreme Right on the Court
This shift from freedom to fascism in the United States is clearly demonstrated by the blatant stocking of the highest courts in the land with conservative activist judges by every president since Reagan , except perhaps Clinton .
4 of the 5 most ultra-conservative judges since the 1920s are sitting on the Supreme Court today : Roberts , Scalia , Alito , and Thomas .
The so - called swing vote is the 11th most conservative judge in nearly 100 years , so the takeover is virtually complete .
What makes these ultra-conservative activist judges fascists ?
For one , the Citizens United ruling .
Citing the scribbling of a court clerk on the side of a page of a SCOTUS ruling in the 1800s , they have now declared that corporations are people , and can spend unlimited fortunes in political campaigns .
The most unapologetically corporate of all the media ( FOX “ news ” ) celebrated this ruling by calling it ( get this ) “ free speech rights ” .
If this does not demonstrate the merger of the state with the corporation , little else does .
As anyone who has studied the first thing about politics knows , the candidate with the most money wins 95 % of the time , as they can afford to dominate the message broadcast on the media .
The role the media once played to fairly report on what is really going on behind the banners has been co-opted by years of mergers in their industry , so that now every major media source is owned by one of 5 different corporations ( NPR and PBS are notable exceptions ) .
Thus , corporations are now free to decide who will be our members of congress in every state .
Our democracy has been sold to the highest bidder .
The New Brown Shirts
Following a mass rejection of this shift to the extreme right in the election of 2008 , where regardless of the slick spin , ordinary people stood up and voted for change , the corporations and their conservative allies hatched a new plan .
They took over the fledgling Tea Party movement with the aid of corporate front groups like Freedomworks and Americans for Prosperity and began to jack up the hate to extreme levels .
They riled up a hornet ’s nest of fear , anger , and hate to epic levels in order to put boots on the ground to enforce their fascist agenda .
Most of these people do n’t realize they are doing the bidding of corporate overlords , but their gullibility is irrelevant when they stifle real debate and shut down dissenting viewpoints in a wave of hostility and intolerance , such as what happened when thugs shut down discussion at town hall meetings over proposed health care reform last August .
Regardless of what reform was proposed , if it favored the American people over the corporations , the right wing found some insidious way to spin it and their blindly obedient followers on the streets regurgitated the talking points with great frequency .
When a very modest form of health care reform was finally passed , angry conservatives organized an American Kristallnacht , a window smashing campaign at predominantly Democratic offices around the country .
All of this hate has had a huge effect on the levels of political violence in America as well .
During the first 4 months of the Obama administration , there were 8 acts of fascist domestic terrorism in the country , including the gunning down of Dr. George Tiller in his church by an anti-freedom of choice assassin affiliated with Operation Rescue .
There has been a chilling rise in right wing hate around the country .
President Obama receives an average of 30 death threats per day , a 400 % increase over Bush .
Conservative websites have offered a list of Democratic Senators to assassinate , and sold merchandise about Obama featuring Psalm 109:8 which reads : “ Let his days be few ; and let another take his office .
Let his children be fatherless , and his wife a widow .
Militias have also quadrupled in 2009 .
Militarization
The military and law enforcement agencies ( including the FBI , ATF , NSA , and CIA ) have always been bastions of ultra-conservativism to start out with , and have been highly empowered over the last 30 years , and together consume well over half of the annual budget .
The unprecedented expansion of a peacetime military that began with Reagan continues to snowball today .
Including all aspects of spending in this arena ( including interest on the debt caused by former military spending , special supplements , research and development , etc. ) amounts to over $ 1.6 trillion dollars per year .
However , in order for American corporations to be able to exploit resources on a planetary scale , this gargantuan sized military is needed to control the trade routes and to expand the hegemony of American corporate influence to foreign governments .
They exert strict control domestically with a policy of domestic espionage , a wide array of discretionary laws , and well funded prosecutorial staffs bent on enforcing social complacency conformity .
If the military and law enforcement agencies stay loyal to the commander in chief , and if the fascists cannot overturn the latest progressive tide towards change and reform in the American political spectrum , they have a backup plan : the Oathkeepers .
A network of people in the military and law enforcement that have sworn a pledge to disobey orders when the time is right .
There have even been calls on a fascist website for a Honduran - style military coup of the Obama administration .
First Target of Fascism : Immigrants
The intolerance of the fascist right best manifests itself in their hatred towards Latino immigrants .
Law enforcement agencies have been given such broad , discretionary powers already that the ACLU has defined a constitution free zone that two thirds of Americans live in where to fight terrorism and illegal immigration , civil liberties are routinely curtailed .
An example of this would be the check points along transportation corridors heading north from the Mexican border .
In the xenophobic fervor to oppose this immigration wave , the proto - fascists are willing to go to extraordinary lengths .
For instance , the conservative dominated state legislature in Arizona just passed an unconstitutional law giving incredible discretionary powers to law enforcement officials to detain anyone they suspect of being an undocumented immigrant for trespassing .
Their philosophy is that any and all means should be taken to find and remove anyone in the country illegally , but implementation of this hard - line stance would require nothing short of purely fascist acts .
This would translate into sectioning off neighborhoods and doing house by house searches , then detaining those without any form of identification in some type of internment camps until they could be processed and if needed , deported .
The logistics behind such an operation , and what it means for liberty in America are appalling .
Even beyond this , there are calls for a militarization of the border with Mexico , where the US Army would be policing internally .
Domestic policing by the military is a very dangerous precedent , and could quickly lead to regular internal policing by the armed forces .
If this trend towards ultra -conservative fascism is not stopped , it is only a matter of time until there are calls for such draconian action against not only undocumented immigrants , but liberals , academics , atheists , labor leaders , community organizers , artists , and indigenous rights activists as well .
Have no doubt , there is a battle raging across America today , and if freedom is to prevail , the American Corporate Empire must fall .
“ When fascism comes to America , it will be wrapped in the flag and carrying a cross . ”
- Sinclair Lewis
Post edit - a very strong commentary that highlights the parallels of fascism in the 1930 ’s and what is going on today can be found in the series on National Socialist and Republican Discourse , with parts on the Tea Parties , propaganda , immigration , right wing hate , and attacking atheists .
The content on this page is accurate as of the posting date ; however , some of our partner offers may have expired .
Please review our list of best credit cards , or use our CardMatch ™ tool to find cards matched to your needs .
Considering credit cards as a payment form for your next garage sale ?
It ’s easier than ever before .
When Wendy Gubman of Mission Viejo , California , prepped for her recent garage sale , she collected and priced her items , scrawled her address on a sign , put an ad on Craigslist , and then added one final high - tech detail to that ad : “ We accept credit cards for sales over $ 10 ! ”
Accepting credit cards at a garage sale was something she had never done , and something almost unthinkable for the average person hosting a rummage sale a decade ago , but she ended up happy with her decision .
“ I thought this would be a great way for my sales to increase , ” says Gubman , who used a Square payment device linked to her iPhone .
“ People do n’t think when they pull out a card how much money they spend , but when they only have a certain amount of cash in hand , I believe they may pass by something they really want . ”
About 10 people out of the approximate 50 who visited Gubman ’s sale used credit cards – and those who did ended up purchasing higher priced items , she says .
People do n’t think when they pull out a card how much money they spend , but when they only have a certain amount of cash in hand … they may pass by something they really want .
Mobile payment options continue to expand
Natasha Mehra , head of product development for 5 miles , a Craigslist - style peer - to - peer marketplace where people advertise garage sales and also individual items for sale , says that mobile payment options will become more popular .
U.S. consumers are warming up to mobile payments – at the end of 2016 , 19 percent of smartphone users in the U.S. has made a mobile payment within the past six months .
“ When was the last time you pulled out a wad of cash to pay for dinner or a stack of dollar bills to cover your rent ? ” says Bruce Dragt , executive vice president of YapStone Payment Processors .
Video :
How to set up your mobile wallet
Consumers can fund mobile wallets through their bank accounts or use credit cards to pay via their mobile device .
The most popular e-wallets include PayPal and Venmo , along with mobile payment systems such as Square , Apple Pay , Google Pay and apps such as WeChat – a Quick response ( QR ) code - based payment method that is wildly popular in Asia .
“ If I want to have a garage sale and accept credit cards , I think Square would be the way to go , ” says Mehra , noting that the physical act of swiping a credit card that Square offers may be important to people who are n’t yet accustomed to mobile payments .
Mobile payment transaction fees vary
Garage sale proprietors need to keep in mind that each mobile payment option carries its own set of terms and transaction fees .
Square currently charges a 2.75 percent fee for each transaction using swiped cards and a 3.5 percent plus 15 cent fee for manually keyed - in payments ( which carry a greater risk to the company because a physical credit card is n’t necessarily involved in the transaction ) .
for each transaction using swiped cards and a 3.5 percent plus 15 cent fee for manually keyed - in payments ( which carry a greater risk to the company because a physical credit card is n’t necessarily involved in the transaction ) .
Venmo , which is owned by PayPal , is a free digital wallet that allows people to share payments .
If both parties have Venmo accounts , the transaction is free – but if you use Venmo to pay by credit card , you ’ll incur a 3 percent fee .
, is a free digital wallet that allows people to share payments .
If both parties have Venmo accounts , the transaction is free – but if you use Venmo to pay by credit card , you ’ll incur a 3 percent fee .
Apple Pay allows iPhone or Apple Watch users to pay for their transactions via a secure chip inside those devices .
Similar to Venmo , people can use Apple Pay Cash to send money using a debit card for free .
But if they use credit , there will be an additional 3 percent fee to the merchant .
to pay for their transactions via a secure chip inside those devices .
Similar to Venmo , people can use Apple Pay Cash to send money using a debit card for free .
But if they use credit , there will be an additional 3 percent fee to the merchant .
For Android users , Samsung Pay and Google Pay function much like Apple Pay .
Mobile payment options and credit card processing fees Mobile payment option Credit card transaction fee Debit card transaction fee Square 2.75 % * 2.75 % * Venmo 3 % No fee ( $ 0.25 for instant transfers ) Apple Pay No fee No fee Apple Pay Cash 3 % * No fee Google Pay No fee No fee Samsung Pay No fee No fee
Regardless of which payment platform someone chooses , people hosting a garage sale should n’t be turned off by potential transaction fees , says Mehra .
“ Most people do not carry cash on hand anymore , so it ’s either having to sacrifice that minimal transaction fee , or not getting a sale at all , ” she says .
Tips for shopping at garage sales using your credit card
If you ’re a garage sale junkie , here are a few points to keep in mind while shopping and considering paying with credit :
There are no fees to you as a shopper to use any of these platforms to pay for your garage sale items – any fees incurred are all on the side of the merchant , or garage sale proprietor .
to use any of these platforms to pay for your garage sale items – any fees incurred are all on the side of the merchant , or garage sale proprietor .
Since it ’s advantageous to the seller for you to pay using funds from a mobile wallet , they may encourage you to pay by debiting funds from your bank account or e-wallet as opposed to a credit card .
If you ’re the type who likes to bargain , you may be able to negotiate a lower price since you ’ll be saving him or her money on fees .
, they may encourage you to pay by debiting funds from your bank account or e-wallet as opposed to a credit card .
If you ’re the type who likes to bargain , you may be able to negotiate a lower price since you ’ll be saving him or her money on fees .
Credit cards still offer the best protection against fraud , though – under the Fair Credit Billing Act , consumers are protected from losses over $ 50 , with zero liability to you as a cardholder if your card number is stolen , for example .
Most issuers go beyond the law , and have $ 0 fraud liability policies .
With mobile payments using e-wallets , you are subject to the policies of the individual platform .
, though – under the Fair Credit Billing Act , consumers are protected from losses over $ 50 , with zero liability to you as a cardholder if your card number is stolen , for example .
Most issuers go beyond the law , and have $ 0 fraud liability policies .
With mobile payments using e-wallets , you are subject to the policies of the individual platform .
Consider a card that offers cash back on mobile - payment purchases .
Wells Fargo Cash Wise Visa® card , for example , offers 1.8 percent cash back on Google Pay™ and Apple Pay® purchases for the first 12 months , and Apple Card offers 2 percent cash back on Apple Pay purchases .
. Wells Fargo Cash Wise Visa® card , for example , offers 1.8 percent cash back on Google Pay™ and Apple Pay® purchases for the first 12 months , and Apple Card offers 2 percent cash back on Apple Pay purchases .
Mobile payments are convenient , but also can pose potential security risks .
Locking your device , being alert to malware and exercising caution while using public Wi-Fi are just a few steps you can take to keep your mobile wallet secure .
For further advice , see “ 3 major mobile payment security risks , and how to avoid them . ”
Gubman says she was pleased with the results from her first time using Square at her garage sale .
“ Once I said that I took credit cards , the reaction was positive , and people took a longer time shopping , ” she says .
See related : Bonus rewards for mobile payments aim to win over users , 7 tips to spring clean your finances
A DESPICABLE BRITISH - colonial era law , supported to hilt by the inordinate number of Christian fundamentalists who infest the impoverished southern African state of Malawi , was used today to impose a 14 - year jail sentence , with hard labour , on two young gay men who committed no crime other than to love each other .
According to this report , the conviction of Steven Monjeza and Tiwonge Chimbalanga Â for “ unnatural acts ” and “ gross indecency ” shows a growing divide between human rights groups that fight for more tolerance of homosexuals and conservative Christian churches that combine with traditional values to demonise and persecute gays .
I am angry .
I am angry because the right to marry is the choice of an individual rather than a state .
I am angry that a dusty law book decides who we have a right to love .
I am angry because I know it ’s hard to find love in the world and no one should ever stand in love ’s way .
I am angry because no one should be asked to have relationships in secret .
I am angry that so many are forced into the closets , furthering shame and stigma .
What I know is true is that there is no shame in being gay .
Love does not understand gender .
These two men did something brave .
They spoke up and they spoke out .
No one in Malawi has done this publicly before .
They are fierce and brave .
Like Ugandan Christians who have pushed through an anti-gay bill that originally would have executed homosexuals accused of sex with a minor , and like Kenyan Christian churches that seek to derail a new Constitution because of its supposed encouragement of abortion , Malawian society continues to ban homosexuality on legal , moral , and cultural grounds .
The two men fell foul of the law when they courageously and publicly took part in an engagement ceremony .
Chimbalanga , a 20 - year - old hotel janitor , and his unemployed partner were arrested on December 27 , the day after they celebrated their engagement with a party at the hotel where Chimbalanga worked â€ ” an apparent first in Malawi .
Writing for the Huffington Post from Malawi , Mia Kirshner raged
Before the men were sentenced , Tiwonge was quoted as saying :
I love Steven so much .
If people or the world cannot give me the chance and freedom to continue living with him as my lover , then I am better off to die here in prison .
Freedom without him is useless and meaningless .
Kirshner is now imploring people to sign a petition calling on the Malawi authorities to overturn the sentence .
Please .
I ask that the international community of activists , the United Nations , politicians in Malawi and international human rights lawyers speak up and help these men .
By doing this , protection of individual rights will be served and precedent set to in order to open the doors for other couples to be able to stop living in fear .
Malawi gets most of its foreign aid from the United Kingdom .
Earlier this month the Malawi Government expressed hope that the new UK coalition government led by new Prime Minister David Cameron of Conservative and his deputy Nick Clegg of Liberal Democrats would continue injecting financial aid to the country .
Deputy Minister in the Office of the President and Cabinet , Nicholas Dausi told Capital Radio that Britain has been providing financial assistance to the country since the 1960s despite changes in its leadership .
As government we expect the usual flow of British aid to Malawi .
The British government has given substantive amount of aid to this country and we expect more .
The Malawi High Commissioner in London is Dr Francis Moto .
You can communicate your outrage to him by writing to the Commission , which is located at 70 Winnington Road , London N2 0TX , United Kingdom , or by telephoning Â +44(0 ) 20 8455 5624 .
The fax no is +44(0 ) 20 3235 1066 and the Emails are malawi@malawihighcommission.co.uk / malawihighcom@btconnect.com
The New York Times is out front of a cooking trend that sees menus catering to stoners .
It ’s a fascinating read , and good on NYC chefs for figuring out what makes our local food scene purr .
It ’s a 100 Mile thing , that ’s for sure , but I ’m not talking potatoes and salmon .
Marijuana is having a huge impact on the conceptual front here in Vancouver , but I ’ve only just come to see it after reading the NYT piece .
While there are no THC tasting menus with skunk crusted halibut with hash oil frites dusted with homegrown shake , our chefs are more and more serving the stuff people crave when they ’re high .
Think foie gras poutine , fried chicken , freaky hot dogs , popcorn shrimp and cold beer in a relaxed place with cool tunes and mellow service .
Not fast food .
Not your couch .
Just a real easy scene .
By name , I ’m pretty sure Crave and Habit have it all figured it out , and there are others too .
Dozens have gravitated to ( or always been ) that sort of deal , maybe unaware of the core reason as to why they ’re so bloody successful when it could very well be that half their guests just hotboxed the brown van out front ( ever been to Gyoza King at midnight ? ) .
So when I hear successful comfort food restaurateurs say things like “ We ’re just giving the people what they want , ” I wonder if they ’ve really understood the reason they ’re raking it in .
It ’s not because comfort food is ironic or retro .
It ’s because Vancouverites smoke a lot of weed .
The burnout demo is living large in this town .
So why not trip the mangia fanstastic ?
The first gangster to open an overtly weed munchie - themed restaurant wins a fresh pack of rollies .
ARRESTED now in Colorado ... but what a story and week for 2 brothers and their stripper sister !
Text messages and tweets by three fugitive siblings who shot at a police officer and robbed a bank reveal a dangerous mindset and a firm bond between the siblings , " We 've certainly seen their mindset when ...
They shot at a law enforcement officer outside of Tampa Bay , Fla. , and when they fired inside that bank in Valdosta , Ga .
But these additional texts and tweets have given us additional insight , " FBI Special Agent Stephen Emmett told " Good Morning America " today . "
We are concerned and feel that they are going to continue and cause problems to say the least for law enforcement . "
Ryan Dougherty , 21 ; his sister Lee Grace E. Dougherty , 29 ; and half - brother Dylan Dougherty Stanley , 26 , have been on the lam since Aug. 2 when they shot at a police officer attempting to pull their white Subaru Impreza over for speeding .
A few hours later , they robbed a bank in Georg …
2. Clamp your right hand over the inside of the zombie 's hand .
3 . Use both hands to twist the zombie 's wrist forcefully down and away from your body .
… or : What does it mean to be writing interactive fiction ?
When asked about outreach prospects for IF at PAX East , I said this :
We have a two - part accessibility problem .
One part is the interpreter : people do n’t want to download separate files and do n’t want to have to figure out file formats .
That structure is unattractive and increasingly out of step with the way casual players play games — and especially with the way that they ’re persuaded to try new work .
We ( as a community ) are working on that by developing better browser - based interpreters and making it easier for people to publish material to websites .
It ’s not true that there ’s been no Java Glulx terp at all , but it required its own downloading and does not offer the option of creating an attractive game display within a browser window .
Just the last couple of months have seen major strides on this front , with both Quixe and ZMPP reaching the point where they can play Glulx games in a browser window .
Zifmia is a project to present games from a server interpreter , while FyreVM is an experiment in letting authors customize their output with channel IO .
For TADS 2 there is Jetty , and Mike Roberts is actively working on changes to TADS 3 that would make it possible to do web service of those games .
So we ’re making a lot of progress here .
The other problem is the parser .
When you look at novice reactions to IF — found in responses to IF games posted on indie gaming sites , or in student reactions to playing IF for the first time — the initial reaction is often enraged frustration with the parser .
The first few ( or few dozen ) moves of a new player ’s interaction with the game often consists of many many failed attempts that do not move the game forward in any way .
This is alien to most gamers these days .
These days , even fairly difficult console games usually guarantee that at the beginning of the experience it ’s just about impossible for the player to do something wrong or to fail meaningfully .
Interaction options are introduced gradually .
By contrast , most IF games are not designed with any kind of tutorial mode or game - opening section , instead offering ( at best ) a lengthy menu of instructions .
There are exceptions ( Dreamhold , Blue Lacuna ) .
My own recent games have included an optional tutorial mode ( which I think of like training wheels ) that give turn - by - turn contextual advice to the player based on what ’s currently happening .
It ’s not clear to me how well those games have worked in attracting novices and making them comfortable with IF , however .
( I just do n’t know : I ’d love to hear about it if , e.g. , there were a bunch of Blue Lacuna players who got acclimatized to IF through that approach . )
Fundamentally , however , we ’ve got a bigger problem , which is that the command prompt is a lie .
It tells the player “ type something , and I ’ll understand you . ”
Which it wo n’t .
It would n’t necessarily make for better games to have a looser parser .
Adrift is partly wild - card based , allowing more keyword - based parsing than TADS or Inform use by default , but the result is often comical misunderstanding when the game fails to consider important elements .
More advanced natural language processing approaches have tended to disappoint their users by not accomplishing what ’s actually desired or by making it very hard to tell how the player ’s input is affecting the results ( Starship Titanic , Façade ) .
Brian Moriarty and I ( and various other community members ) argued about the need for NLP for interactive fiction a few months ago .
Since then my own ideas about it have been shifting a bit , though it ’s not the case ( as Moriarty claims ) that the IF community is n’t interested in parser improvements , and I still mostly agree with what I said about the failings of NLP as an interface for games ; of course people are nonetheless trying .
Even a parser that is genuinely better at understanding input creates some significant problems for a game designer , if it starts to accept adverbs or statements that would require more complete world modeling than the game otherwise needs .
This is why parser improvement work has mostly focused on a few areas : better guessing at what the player means when the useful information does exist in the world model ( so we ’re not asking the player whether he wants to open the door with the black key or the black forest cake ) ; better identification of player errors so we can offer more guided error messages .
Aaron Reed has done some research in this area , and offered his correctives for Inform at least as a set of extensions duplicating much of the behavior he implemented into Blue Lacuna .
But at the end of the day , I agree with Mike Roberts that the trick is n’t to make the parser understand whatever a novice might type , and that the average novice user would actually be happier with a smaller vocabulary that has been spelled out in full .
It ’s a matter of making the game better at communicating to the player what kinds of things are valid actions in the first place — indicating the affordances of the system , in other words .
That will also help with the other problem that novices often report : a kind of paralysis of choice .
If you can do anything at the command prompt , where do you start ?
Yeah .
That command prompt is a problem .
While I ’m on the topic , I should mention that the parser is n’t a picnic for authors either .
It ’s thanks to that pesky command prompt that so much development time goes into implementing feedback for completely stupid and inane actions ; and who among us has n’t left in a bad response to > TOUCH MOON or > RUB PARROT , just because the possible combinations of verbs and nouns in our game world was too enormous to think through properly ?
These days there are some tools to help with that , and it ’s often possible to tighten up the simulation in general rather than deal with every single annoying case individually — for instance , people making far - away things in Inform 7 could do worse than to check out Jon Ingold ’s Far Away extension , which would let you designate the moon “ far away ” and then cope sensibly with all possible moon - fingering behavior .
Still , a huge amount of creative overhead goes into the not - always - thrilling task of creating responses to commands that are n’t sensible , are n’t relevant to advancing the game or story , give the player no interesting character notes about the viewpoint character , deliver no jokey zingers , and are flat - out unlikely to be typed by anyone who is n’t actively trying to break the game .
If you do n’t work on that stuff , it makes the game look buggy and unpolished .
Because it is buggy , because the player can make things happen that tear a giant hole in the illusion .
But I ’d be lying if I said I ’ve never wondered why I was bothering , sometime during hour seven of implementing responses to the highly - unlikely instead of working on stuff the player is definitely going to see .
So what then ?
Do we pitch out the parser and go to a system in which the player ’s options are clearly enumerated at all times ?
People have played with that idea too .
Sometimes the approach is to fill a screen with lots of helps : a compass rose showing directions , a map , sometimes an image of the location , plus a menu or set of buttons representing all the major verbs available at any given moment .
This can get overwhelming .
If I ’m playing a largely text - oriented game , I prefer not to have the window of text forced into a small corner of the screen while the rest of the territory is taken up with interaction helps .
It ’s unattractive — and it also represents a style of UI that ’s rapidly becoming obsolete .
More and more games in the commercial sector streamline away as much as they can in order not to crowd the player ’s field of vision with things other than the screen in which the action is happening .
The other way to go is CYOA : not creating lots of helps to deal with a complex interface , but narrowing the choices themselves down to a few narrowly - defined options .
When people talk about CYOA , they tend to mean a format in which the player is offered a handful of explicit options ( “ To go through the door on the left , turn to page 51 .
To go right , turn to page 75 .
To jump out the window , turn to page 9 . ” ) .
CYOA is also often associated with its early implementation in book form — Choose Your Own Adventure , the name from which the acronym is taken .
Book CYOA either has to make the player keep notes ( and trust him to be honest ) , or skip having any kind of world model or state other than what can be indicated by the page number that the reader is on .
Some computer - based CYOA follows the same approach , providing an experience without stats or a model .
That makes for big problems with content generation and plot structure .
If all state is expressed by being on a given page , you either force the storyline to be all branches — every choice the player makes creates a new parallel universe , basically — or you have to rejoin the branches but have the choices before that rejoin be irrelevant forever after , because you can no longer tell which thing the player did .
If you want to get a good sense for how that works , structural analyses of many classic CYOA books are online .
The state problem explains why the choices in those books were so often arbitrary and unfair : going through the wrong door as more likely to lead to sudden death than to an interesting variation in the late story , because most of the time it was easier just to prune the branch than to continue it .
Structurally , this is no different from the most basic kinds of hypertext ; literary hypertext often features a similar statelessness and lack of narrative arc , though it tends to handle that in terms of non-linear time or post - modern narrative structures .
And even some literary hypertext tools go further , making it possible to ( say ) provide guarded links that you can only pass through after seeing other content .
I ’m fairly comfortable saying that CYOA without a world model is too limited to express the range of things I ’m interested in expressing in interactive storytelling .
Enumerated - choice games with world modeling do exist too .
My ( evidence - free ) impression is that recently they ’ve become a bigger part of the gaming scene than they had been for quite a while .
( In fact , I got a request to review another such site during the course of writing this post : it ’s Unknown Tales , and I can offer no insight on quality , because I ’ve been busy writing this … )
Visual novels in Ren’Py are structured to include explicit choices , but it ’s possible to set variables and keep statistical information around .
The all - text “ Choice of … ” series has been enjoying some popularity with the casual games crowd , using a model where the protagonist develops personality stats during play , but the game play is all about making ( as their own manifesto indicates ) “ interesting choices ” .
( I think Chris Crawford would approve of that part , if not of the non-procedural nature of the rest of the game structure . )
Echo Bazaar flips that model : it ’s heavily stats - based and requires the player to grind a lot — that is , to do repetitive actions in order to raise the stats — but offers a wide range of storylets that the player can choose to participate in ( and some storylets themselves include multiple choices about what to do inside the story ) .
Your chance of success at a given attempt depends on your stats , and the game retains information about major story threads that you ’re part of .
Echo Bazaar also features inventory items , money , and limited interaction with other players , making for something that feels a bit more gamelike than the “ Choice of … ” stories .
The tradeoff is that it weakens the narrative arc substantially and forces players to do tedious actions some of the time .
Neither the “ Choice of … ” games nor Echo Bazaar quite achieves what I ’d like to be able to do with interactive stories .
EB is too slow and grinding , and I ’d like a stronger narrative arc most of the time .
The “ Choice of … ” games were n’t as immersive as I ’d like , because there was no chance to engage with the settings or explore small - scale decision - making in the environments .
But they ’re both far , far closer to ideal than CYOA without a world model .
Maybe as a result of the popularity of these games , possibly in response to some more general zeitgeist , there ’s a larger interest in enumerated - choice games within the IF community than I recall seeing for a while .
That ’s not to say that there has n’t been some CYOA following for quite a while .
IFDB lists 43 , and that ’s probably not a complete list of works that were created with that kind of interface and presented to the IF community and / or implemented in an IF language or virtual machine .
( It ’s certainly not a complete collection of all computer - run CYOA ever , but the IF community tends not to hear of or pay attention to it to the same degree if it ’s neither using IF tools nor submitted to an IF competition . )
Jon Ingold ’s Adventure Book system provided for CYOA with a world model that tracked inventory and allowed for “ magic words ” , and there is now an Inform 7 extension that replicates and expands on its functionality .
For a few years the community also ran Lotech comp , a competition explicitly for CYOA - style games .
Two entries were particularly interesting with respect to the current issue : Papillon ’s One Week and Kingdom Without End by Shannon Cochran .
One
Week is a resource - management game with a strong world model , similar to dating sims and virtual novels , in which the player ’s choices determined how much time the protagonist spent earning money , making friends , and studying , with effects for the outcome of the story .
Kingdom Without End uses Adventure Book to create something that feels very similar to conventional parser - based IF — the options are to do things like move around and pick up objects , creating puzzles that feel like conventional IF puzzles , but with a significantly reduced range of possible actions .
One significant objection to the enumerated - command approach is the concern that it will eliminate puzzles .
If the player is always choosing from a list of options , then where does the figuring out come in ?
In practice , I do n’t think that is as big a concern than some believe — we talked about this at the April Seattle meet .
If the choices the player makes are fairly granular and tied to a predictably - behaving world model , then it ’s possible to express many of the same things that a parser - based IF already has in it : making choices to set up a world state in which new choices will predictably become available .
A more significant problem for me is the narrowing of the command space .
The average IF game has dozens of available verbs and hundreds of available nouns , and that means there ’s lots and lots that ’s possible to do .
It ’s not possible to enumerate that many commands in a way that does n’t just look like a hideous list .
And while I was earlier bemoaning the amount of work that goes into correcting for player input that ’s simply useless and meaningless , I also absolutely do n’t want to collapse the range of possible action down so far .
Having a lot of verbs is part of what distinguishes IF and provides for its narrative richness .
The number of verbs you can perform in , say , Halo is tiny — and that has a direct effect on the kinds of stories you can tell with such a system .
Console games especially tend to be very verb - focused in the way they express their affordances to the player — you ’re always holding this controller with a relatively small number of buttons on it , and there are often indicators on the screen , or a training process , to help you remember which button means which action .
But a narrow verb set ( here I go sounding like Chris Crawford again ) means you ’re forced to focus all your interactions around a fairly tight set of possibilities .
Sometimes that results in a crisp , interactively focused short story experience , but there are a lot of stories for which it ’s not so good .
IF is closer in this respect to Sims 3 : lots of different objects ( nouns ) are to be found in the world , and they all have their own affordances .
In IF , doors can be open , lamps lit ; in Sims 3 , the TV can be used for exercise videos or watching movies .
Another problem is that if I ’m just clicking or typing numerical choices , I feel less involved in the action , for some reason .
I do n’t know why that is , but it ’s definitely true .
I ’m fine with clicking on images and radial menus in games like Sims 3 , but the interface is also graphical ; there ’s something appealing about communicating to the computer in the same idiom that the output is using .
So I personally am not ready to ditch the parser entirely , though I ’m also interested in games that use enumerated choices over the top of a consistent world model — especially if those games manage to achieve my own aesthetic preferences of allowing some exploration and variability of pacing alongside the narratively important choices .
But I do think we need better ways to communicate the affordances of IF to players .
For some games , a graphical layout with menus or buttons for verbs —
Dave Cornelson has very recently been proposing a variation on this — but in many cases I find that approach ugly , and it tends to take up an unpleasant amount of screen real - estate .
I start to be uncomfortable when the readable text part of the screen is squeezed down into a tiny corner .
Moreover , it ’s hard to imagine how that kind of layout would transfer to a mobile device .
( Edited to add : Dave points out that we do n’t know how these systems would play out with a test market , and this is of course true — like everything I ’m saying here , this is my own opinion and not meant to be proscriptive about what other people ought to try out or test .
But for my own purposes , I ’m not satisfied by this solution . )
Another approach is to retain visual cues but embed them in the main text itself .
Bronze and Blue Lacuna both use the technique of highlighting ( in bold or in color ) important nouns in the text ; Blue Lacuna goes on to let the player type just the noun names in order to perform the most obvious interaction with them ( such as examining objects and passing through doors ) .
Walker and Silhouette goes the extra step of being largely keyword - driven , though it does allow the player to type something other than the highlighted keywords if he wishes .
One could also provide help at the command line itself , for instance by offering autocompletion lists that would pop up a list of viable conclusions once you ’d typed part of a command .
One of the things that Ruben Ortega suggested at the Seattle IF meet was the idea of probabilistically generated auto - completion , taking into account the commands given by other players previously trying the same game .
That seems like it might often have drawbacks , though — give away puzzle solutions , or else reveal that other players are strangely fond of typing obscenities .
Another approach is to provide suggestions but allow the player to type things besides the suggested command .
That ’s the approach that Bronze ‘s tutorial mode takes ; it ’s also , in a slightly mutated form , what Jon Ingold ’s Dead Cities does — together with providing a hyperlink to click to perform the next suggested action .
The difference between the two ( aside from the screen layout ) is that Dead Cities ‘ implementation offers something like a clickable walkthrough , making it possible for the player to minimize interaction and treat the game almost like a book ( though I suspect it may be impossible to get to some of the most interesting content this way ) .
( Ferrous Ring explicitly goes all the way with this , letting the user select a mode anywhere from full parser involvement to essentially watching the walkthrough go by . )
Yet another approach would be to offer something that looks like TADS 3 / Alabaster - style conversation hints , only for all turns .
Unfortunately , that disrupts the flow of the rest of the prose with a lot of mechanically generated content , and with options that will look a lot less diverse than conversation options generally do .
I do n’t imagine that the results of that would be acceptable .
I do n’t have a complete solution to this problem , but here are some passing thoughts .
Hinting to the player about possible actions without listing all of the possibilities is an interesting tactic , but it ’s been tried several times and has n’t exactly set the world on fire yet .
On the other hand , it is n’t possible to list all the possibilities during a given turn of a typical IF game without making the interface incredibly ugly .
Even listing all the verbs is unattractive — and , as I ’ve tried to suggest , probably not the best way of organizing things , because the interesting possibility space in IF is better organized in terms of the nouns and the interactions they afford than by the verb set .
( There are a few exceptions — LOOK , INVENTORY — but most such things could be treated as actions on the player or the room he ’s in .
Inform already internally translates an object - less LISTEN or SMELL command as LISTEN TO { the room I ’m in} or SMELL { the room I ’m in} . )
If we had a system where the player could select a noun , see what he could do with it , and select one of those options , that would ( Sims - like ) both clarify the possibility space for the player and eliminate the TOUCH MOON implementation problem .
Implementing that graphically presents some serious problems , and raises some accessibility issues as well .
It ’s one thing to click a picture of a television while playing Sims and get a radial menu .
It ’s considerably uglier to click on a noun in a page of text and get a radial menu of more text .
And what happens if a noun is technically in scope , but no text referring to that noun currently appears on the screen ?
It forces the player to type LOOK and INVENTORY far more often than he ’d otherwise have to , which is not good for gameplay or narrative flow .
Finally , this is not something that current interpreters are designed to do ( so it would require significant tool development ) , and it ’s not clear to me how it could be made accessible for visually impaired users .
Implementing it at the command line seems more doable , maybe , though it has the disadvantage that typing , say , DOOR and getting a prompt with suggested door actions again clutters the transcript with ugliness .
More possible , I think : do like Jon Ingold ’s Novel Mode did in My Angel , and move the command prompt down into its own separate window , which gets emptied and refreshed every turn .
Keep the space above for game output text .
Typing the name of a noun ( or perhaps clicking it in the text , if hyperlinks are included ) then brings up the list of relevant verbs down in that lower window , which means that at any given time you ’re only seeing one such cluttery list , not the last half dozen that occurred during play .
Multi - window modes might be challenging for accessibility too , but it seems less dramatically hard than something that relies primarily on visual clues .
One could also create an option to revert to a single - window system for those who wanted to use a screenreader on it in a more classic style .
Doing this well would require language support , because you do n’t want the author to have to explicitly indicate every verb that applies to each noun .
There would , I think , need to be some kind of “ no defaults ” system : in other words , the game would need to be able to work out whether a special response has been coded that ’s relevant to this noun and verb .
If so , the verb is available ; if not , not .
Two - object verbs would be more complex , but I think not impossible ; the player would pick a noun , get the verb list , and then be invited to specify the second noun .
One could further refine the system by ordering the verb list affiliated with each noun to present the most likely options first .
Maybe also allow typing a verb and getting a list of nouns that it could reasonably work on , so that a practiced player who prefers old - style command entry could still choose to type OPEN DOOR instead of DOOR OPEN — it would just reject attempts to pick a noun ( or verb ) that was n’t currently available .
This could be combined with text highlighting as well , so that the player would be able to see by looking at the screen which nouns were implemented as interactive — just as long as the player does n’t have to be able to click on the noun in order to activate it , we avoid the accessibility problems and the need to type LOOK over and over in order to get access to items in the current room .
There ’s a ( very rough ) prototype of what I mean here .
Something like this would permanently eliminate guess - the - verb , though at the cost of removing those rare occasions where we… well , want to make the player guess the verb , because the action is something cool but optional ( like TWIRL MUSTACHE ) .
Unquestionably something would be lost .
But think of it : no more TOUCH MOON .
Lots less monkeying around with providing intelligent disambiguation and defaulting .
The ability to smoothly prompt new - to - IF types of action , like BLACKMAIL or ANALYZE or ANTAGONIZE .
The ability to back off from the strictly physical focus of IF by highlighting abstract nouns or ideas in the text as interactive instead .
Easier avenues to fully systematic beta-testing .
Many fewer pitfalls for novice authors .
More scalable implementation , making really long games less onerous to take on .
I dunno , am I crazy ?
I saw the following photo in one of the Simpsons reruns the other day and thought why do n’t I look into the Simpsons ’ parodies of iconic photographs .
The problem was although I used to watch the Simpsons , I stopped watching it .
( That is not entirely true .
I restarted watching the last one ( their 21st — wow ! ) which is definitely better than their last few seasons .
But I digress … ) .
So I used Google to see if they had used any other iconic images in their equally iconic show and here they are :
This photo of Abe Simpson in Woodstock started it all .
As seen in D’oh - in In the Wind ( Season 10 , Episode 6 ) .
Original .
It is funny how they even had the butterfly and some spectators in similar poses .
Although Bart was leading Martin Prince in polls , on the election day only Prince and his friend Wendell bothered to vote , handling the class presidency to Prince by two votes .
As seen in Lisa ’s Substitute ( Season 2 , Episode 19 ) .
Original .
At the height of Boy Band craze in the 90s ( oh , seems so long ago , ai n’t it ? ) , Bart , Nelson , Millhouse and Ralph Wiggum forms a band .
This inevitable parody of Joe Rosenthal ’s iconic photo was part of one of their music videos .
( New Kids on the Blecch , Season 12 , Episode 14 ) .
In one of the more random gags , Homer buys the New Yorker magazine because it has Lenny ’s photoshoot by Richard Avedon ( ! ) .
As seen in The Sweetest Apu ( Season 13 , Episode 19 ) .
The Simpsons family dog destroys Marge ’s ancestral quilt , which has this Capa photo as one of the patterns .
As seen in Bart ’s Dog Gets an F ( Season 2 , Episode Sixteenth ) .
Original .
Homer is more interested in catching this Nessie like catfish General Sherman than going to a Christian marriage counseling class .
As seen in The War of the Simpsons ( Season 2 , Episode 20 ) .
Original
When Mr. Burns sells his nuclear power plant to the Germans , he leaves this photo for Smithers .
As seen in Burns verkaufen der kraftwerk ( Season 3 , Episode 11 ) .
Original .
Season 4 , Episode 4 , Lisa the Beauty Queen has the most references .
Bart strikes a Betty Grable pose as he teaches his sister how to win a beauty contest .
When the tournament winner was eventually incapacitated , Lisa was sworn in as Little Miss Springfield like Lyndon Johnson did after the JFK assassination .
( Marge wears a similar dress Jackie Kennedy wore ) .
Meanwhile , Barnie drives Duff Blimp and turns it into a Hindenberg .
Kent Brockman was there to provide neccessary , “ Oh , the Humanity ! ”
This is a couch gag from Season 14 : The Dad Who Knew Too Little ( Episode 8 ) and The Old Yeller Belly ( Episode 19 ) .
When Bart ’s antics offend the whole of Australia , the family and the staff leave the U.S. embassy in a Saigonesque fashion .
Bart vs. Australia ( Season 6 , Episode 16 ) .
I know this is not a comprehensive list .
( I left out the photos from the episode where Krusty pastes his head on many iconic photos for his election campaign ( Mr. Spritz Goes to Washington ) .
Then , there is Marge ’s photoshoot with Playboy ( related to The Devil Wears Nada ) , and I also saw this while surfing the ‘ Net .
I think I might cover that O. Winston Link photo in the near future . )
I might do another post like this again , but this post is probably the one I took the most time to complete — I have been ‘ researching ’ ( and having tremendous fun rewatching ) on this for like three months .
If you know more photos , be sure to leave a comment .
June 11 , 2010 -- A rocky romantic relationship can cause significant stress , but contrary to conventional wisdom , its impact may be harder on young men than on young women , new research indicates .
Though previous research has long suggested that unmarried young women are more vulnerable than men to tough times in romantic relationships , the opposite seems to be true , according to research by sociologists at Wake Forest University and Florida State University .
Robin Simon , PhD , a professor at Wake Forest , and Anne Barrett , PhD , of FSU , studied the emotional reactions of 1,611 unmarried adults between the ages of 18 and 23 .
They conclude that :
The harmful stress of a roller - coaster relationship is more likely to affect the mental health of young men than young women .
A recent breakup from a romantic relationship affects the mental health of young women more than young men .
Young women are more emotionally affected than their romantic partners when it comes to being in a relationship or not .
Young men , on the other hand , are more affected emotionally by the quality of their current relationships .
Simon tells WebMD that young men and women “ are both affected by negative aspects , and by good ones , but when you look at both , men are more affected emotionally by both good and bad relationships . ”
Women are more likely to become depressed ; distressed young men are prone to turn to alcohol or other mind - altering substances , she says .
And young men , she says , are more likely to develop substance abuse problems .
The study is published in the June issue of the Journal of Health and Social Behavior .
Among other findings :
Young men see their romantic partners as their primary source of intimacy , while young women are more likely than men to have close relationships with friends and family .
Problems in relationships seem to threaten young men ’s identity and feelings of self - worth , but this does n’t seem to be the case for young women .
The study “ sheds light on the association between non-marital romantic relationships and emotional well - being among men and women on the threshold of adulthood , ” Simon says in a news release .
“ Surprisingly , we found young men are more reactive to the quality of ongoing relationships . ”
© 2007 ACE Team Software , all rights reserved .
ACE Team , the ACE Team logo , Zeno Clash , the Zeno Clash logo are trademarks and / or registered trademarks of ACE Team Software .
Zeno Clash : Ultimate Edition is © 2010 Ace Team .
Licensed to and published by Atlus U.S.A. , Inc .
The ratings icon is a trademark of the Entertainment Software Association .
Color video footage found after sitting for 65 years .
It ’s video taken of VJ day in Honolulu .
August 14 , 1945 .
65 Years ago Richard Sullivan shot this film along Kalakaua Ave. in Waikiki capturing spontaneous celebrations that broke out upon first hearing news of the Japanese surrender .
Kodachrome 16 mm film .
Blick nach Westen über Sternepeters Berghäusle zum Kamelberg am 22.12.2006 Blick vom Kamelberg nach Norden am 22.12.2006
Tele - Blick vom Kamelberg nach Norden auf Ebnet und Roßkopf am 22.12.2006
Blick vom Kamelberg nach Osten ins Kirchzartener Becken am 22.12.2006 Blick nach Norden auf dem Kamelberg am 22.12.2006 Blick vom Kamelberg nach Norden über Kappel und Ebnet zum Roßkopf am 22.12.2006 Blick übers Kamel auf dem Kamelberg gen Schauinsland am 22.12.2006
Blick vom Kamelberg nach Nordosten über Fischbach ins Dreisamtal bis Stegen am 22.12.2006
Schutzhütte auf dem Kamelberg - verbannt
(1) Blick nach Nordwesten auf dem Kamelberg zur Schutzhütte am 22.12.2006 ( 2 ) Brand in der Schutzhütte
(3) Blick in die Krippe auf dem Gipfel des Kamelbergs am 19.12.2005
Anfangs diente die Schutzhütte ( 1 ) auf dem Gipfel des Kamelbergs als ebensolche , dann als Spielhütte für Kinder .
Später auch als Hütte für eine Weihnachtskrippe ( 3 ) .
Im Herbst 2006 plötzlich brannte es nachts an zwei Stellen auf dem Kamelberg - und am nächsten Morgen war die Hütte stark demoliert ( 2 ) , Skulpturen in Asche umgewandelt und der große Baum angebrannt .
Wirklich traurig .
Fragt sich nur , gegen wen sich solch eine Zerstörungswut wohl richtet ?
Kamelberg am 1 . Mai 2006
Blick vom Pfeiferbergsattel kommend nach Norden zum Kamelberg am 1.5.2006 Blick nach Südwesten über den Kappbauernhof zum Kamelberg am 1.5.2006 Blick nach Osten ins Kirchzarten Becken vom Kamelberg am 1 .
Mai 2006 Blick über Neuhäuser ( Schütterlehof rotes Dach ) ins Dreisamtal am 1.5.2006
Weihnachtskrippe am Kamelberg zwischen Neuhäuser und Kappel
Blick nach Süden über Fischbach hoch zum seit Lothar baumlosen Kamelberg
Beim Buswartehäusle beginnt der Serpentinenweg hoch zum Kamelberg
Kurz vor dem Kamelberggipfel - links die Krippe und rechts das Kamel
Blick in die Krippe auf dem Gipfel des Kamelbergs am 19.12.2005
Blick nach Norden zum Kamel am 19.12.2005 - links die Windräder vom Roßkopf
Blick vom Geier nach Osten zu Hinterwaldkopf ( rechts ) und Kirchzarten am 19.12.2005
... Ansprache am Kamelberg
Blick nach Süden zum Kamelberg - Kamel am 26.12.2005 - oben das Rappeneck
Blick vom Geier nach Osten zu Hinterwaldkopf ( rechts ) und Kirchzarten am 26.12.2005
Der 523 m hohe Kamelberg liegt zwischen Neuhäuser - Fischbach ( im Osten ) und Kappel ( im Westen ) bzw .
zwischen der ehemaligen Erzgrube Kappel - Ziegelmatte und dem Herchersattel bzw .
dem 557 m hohen Pfeiferberg .
Viele
Wege führen vom Tal ca 1 km hoch zum Kamelberg : Von Kappel nach Osten durch den Wald , von der Erzgrube über Sternpeters Berghäusle , von Fischbach über Schuhmacherhäusle .
Oder
Sie fahren mit dem Pkw von Kappel auf der Neuhäuserstrasse nach Osten , biegen beim Schütterlehof rechts ab in Richtung Pfeiferberg , parken und gehen weiter zu Fuß über den Langbauernhof hoch zum Schuhmacherhäusle .
Hier wohnt Otto Faller , der das 500 m entfernte Buswartehäusle der " Linie Otto Faller " gebaut hat .
Auf dem Kamelberg herrscht eine unheimliche Stimmung , es gibt viel zu entdecken : Die vom Sturm Lothar geknickten Bäume , die Krippe unter einem Dach aus Tannenreisig , die zahlreichen hölzernen Skulpturen überall auf der Bergkuppe , dazu der einmalige Blick rundum : zu Schauinsland und Molzhofsiedlung , nach Kappel , Ebnet , Neuhäuser , Kirchzarten , ins Dreisamtal und zum Hinterwaldkopf .
Haltestelle der Linie Otto Faller
Beim Buswartehäusle beginnt der Serpentinenweg hoch zum Kamelberg
am 19.12.2005 Wartehäuschen mit Wächter von Thomas Rees am 22.12.2006
Blick übers Wartehäuschen nach Norden über Fischbach bis Stegen am 22.12.2006
Light Beyond Vision : Day and Night in Building Science and Chronobiology
How natural and artificial light affects our bodies , circadian systems , sleep and mood , and the role of architecture and design for healthy chronobiology .
Related videos : Sleep , Genes and Bipolar Disorders , and Hypothalamus and Chronobiology .
There ’s also a massive amount of info , much of it practical how - to , with plenty of research and news in the comments of the World of Psychology blog post Light and Dark .
A sticker found on a trash can at a Washington , D.C. , airport last week depicting what appeared to be a suicide bomber is actually the logo of a popular graffiti artist .
His fans have plastered his stickers around the world since around 2005 .
The sticker caused a bit of stir among Department of Homeland Security officials , who on Thursday began circulating a photo to other law enforcement agencies , government officials and corporate security companies seeking anyone who might have more information about the iconography .
" Attached is a photo taken of a sticker placed on a trash bin at Reagan National Airport , " read the e-mail from DHS ' Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency .
" ICE is circulating this photo to see if anyone knows anything about it .
If you know of anyone who may be able to identify it , please forward . "
The sticker depicts a man clad in black trench coat , pants and baseball cap with his arms outstretched and his face pointed toward the sky .
Strapped to his chest are several canisters in what looks like a bomb .
But appearances are deceiving .
" Those are spray - paint cans on my chest , not bombs , " says artist Rene Gagnon , who has used the self - portrait in his art work , and as a logo on his website , stickers and business cards , for nearly five years .
The image was originally part of a street piece Gagnon created , but has been featured in art shows in New York and Norway , as well .
Gagnon says it 's a play on several themes , including a common term used in the graffiti world since the 1970s to describe artists .
" ' When you go out and ' bomb , ' it 's the idea of you going out and putting up your work , " he says .
He thought about incorporating the image into his work during one period when suicide bombers were in the news .
" I had wanted to make an interpretation of me giving all of myself to my work , " he says .
" I wanted to convey that the cans were exploding color , and that 's how my art was being created .
One thing I do in my art work is explode cans of spray paint on my canvas . "
He has four different versions of the sticker , some of which show color exploding out of the cans .
He posts the stickers in streets whenever he travels and distributes them free to anyone who buys prints on his website .
As a result , people have posted the stickers on streets in Japan , Norway , the United Kingdom and elsewhere .
People send him pictures of stickers they 've seen in unusual places .
Gagnon says he 's a little concerned that security authorities might get the wrong impression from the sticker they found at the airport .
" If you just take the time to look closely at it , you can see that it 's spray - painting cans , " he says .
" I do n’t want people flipping out now because of this sticker . "
It would n't be the first time someone flipped out over the image .
He recently found out that someone who saw one of the stickers pasted at a Dunkin ' Donuts restaurant in Fall River , Massachusetts , took a picture of it to the police .
" He said , ' I think the Dunkin ' Donuts is going to get bombed , ' " Gagnon recalls .
" The cops were like , ' Are you out of your mind ? '
He did n't know that was my logo . "
The Department of Homeland Security did not immediately respond to a call for comment .
What is Heat Shrink Tubing and How is it Commonly Used ?
The innovation and creativity of people across the globe has led to an array of amazing inventions that you probably can’t imagine life without .
For example the air conditioner , laundry detergent , and even zippers .
Another invaluable invention is heat shrink tubing .
Have you ever used this impressive item ?
If not , you need to .
Not only is it pretty cool in how it works , but it ’s also an invaluable tool to have on - hand .
Keep reading to learn more about our bulk heat shrink tubing options and applications .
The History of Heat Shrink Tubing
Heat shrink tubing hit the market in the 1950s .
It was created by the Raychem Corporations engineer founder Paul Cook .
He made use of radiation chemistry ( which is what the company is named for ) to create the two main products the company is best known for :
Heat shrinkable tubing
Lightweight aircraft cable
Even though Raychem was the company that created the original heat shrink polymers , today , an array of manufacturers sell them .
Since it was developed in the 50s , electrical shrink tubing has become highly sought after for the insulating properties and commonly used for electrical related projects .
How is Heat Shrink Tubing Used ?
Some of the specific ways you can use heat shrink tubing include :
Provide electrical insulation ( wire repairs , splices , covering terminals , other connectors , etc. )
Identify components ( via custom color , printing , etc. )
Bundle loose items ( usually wire harnesses and wires )
Change the surface finish of something
Color - coding
Thermal insulation
Strain relief
Environmental seal to protect from chemicals and moisture
A protective covering that safeguards from denting , scuffing , peeling , chipping , cutting , abrasion , and low impacts
As you can see , the uses for heat shrink tubing are vast .
What is Used to Make Heat Shrink Tubing ?
Today ’s heat shrink tubing is made of several different thermoplastics .
The most commonly used include :
Kynar
Fluorinated ethylene propylene
Polytetrafluoroethylene
Neoprene
Viton ( for corrosive or high - temp environments )
Polyvinyl chloride
Polyolefin
Along with these polymers , some special - application heat shrink also includes an adhesive lining that assists in bonding the tubing to the underlying connectors and cables .
This creates strong seals that are often waterproof .
Another material often added to some types of heat shrink tubing is a thick , conductive polymer film .
This offers an electrical connection between the conductive objects being connected .
With this method , no soldering is necessary .
Learn more about some of the most common materials used here .
Polyolefin Heat Shrink vs. PVC Heat Shrink
As mentioned above , polyolefin is the most common material used for heat shrink tubing .
The advantages offered by this include the cross-linking of the polymer chains .
This allows it to withstand higher temperatures .
However , there are some people who have the misconception that all heat shrink is the same .
This means it does n’t matter what is purchased .
Even though PVC can’t withstand the highest temperatures like polyolefin , there are some advantages offered by PVC .
The most important of which is that it is more affordable .
Usually , you can find PVC for a fraction of what polyolefin costs .
If your needs for heat shrink tubing involve an environment where the continuous high temperature is under 105 degrees Celsius , you should consider using PVC .
Along with the more affordable prices offered by PVC , it also provides you with colors that are more vibrant than polyolefin and better clarity .
There are two other advantages offered by using PVC instead of polyolefin .
This includes the fact that PVC is a flame - retardant material , and polyolefin is n’t .
Also , PVC is much more durable than polyolefin .
It offers better abrasion resistance and tensile strength .
Why Does Heat Shrink Tubing Shrink ?
Most plastics you encounter wo n’t shrink down if they are heated up .
As a result , there ’s got to be something that makes heat shrink tubing do this .
This is caused by cross-linking , which is the process of exposing the polymer to radiation .
By doing this , covalent bonds form between the atoms of the polymer .
After WWII , scientists discovered radiation could be used to alter the molecular structure of some plastics .
This did n’t cause the plastic to melt or develop a flowing consistency , regardless of the temperatures present .
Covalent bonds also provide plastic memory .
This means that after the polymer has been stretched and cross - linked in an expanded shape , it ’s going to automatically shrink back to the original dimensions when the proper amount of heat is applied to it .
Tips for Selecting the Right Type of Heat Shrink Tubing for Your Needs
As seen in the information above , there ’s an array of heat shrink tubing materials available .
Usually , general - purpose materials will cover most needs .
The most popular material used is a polyolefin .
It ’s able to be used unless the requirements have special considerations .
Some things to keep in mind when choosing heat shrink tubing are found here .
Heat Shrink Ratios ?
A higher shrink ratio is going to let the sleeve fit over bigger objects , such as connectors .
Once in place , the tubing is shrunk to the smaller diameter of the cable .
However , a general rule of thumb is to never use a higher ratio than the application demands .
Common ratios for heat shrink tubing include :
The tube will become half of the original size when any heat is applied .
You can also look at this ratio as the original size of the tube is twice as large as the shrunken form .
3:1 Shrink Ratio
With a three to one ratio , the tube will become a third of the original size when heat is applied .
This means that the original size is three times larger than the shrunken form .
With this size , the tube will be a quarter of the original size when the proper amount of heat is applied .
It also means the original size is four times bigger than when it is shrunk .
The Sleeve Diameter
It ’s important to use a heat shrink tubing that has a final shrink diameter that ’s smaller than the item the sleeve is put on .
Put simply , you do n’t want to completely shrink the sleeve .
The sleeve should fit tightly against the object , which is something that ’s not possible if the object is smaller than the final shrink diameter .
The Wall Thickness
The modern heat shrink sleeves are available in several thicknesses .
Thicker walls provide better rigidity , abrasion resistance , and the ability to stand up to wear and tear .
If you do n’t need this additional protection or robustness , a thinner sleeve wall is adequate .
The Stiffness
Each sleeve available has a different degree of flexibility .
Sleeves that are more rigid are a good choice to achieve strain relief for terminals or connectors .
Here , reducing flexing is a goal of the heat shrink tubing .
Sealing Ability
When properly applied , heat shrink tubing will seal the interface between the tubing and an object .
If sealing is an important factor , select a material that can withstand various contaminants .
Some tubing includes a meltable or adhesive inner layer for applications that demand superior sealing levels .
In most situations , standard tubing will provide plenty of sealing , but the adhesive lined tubing takes this a step further .
Shrink Temperature
Most polyolefin materials have a recommended shrink temperature of around 90 degrees Celsius .
However , other materials have shrink temperatures up to 250 degrees Celsius , like Teflon .
Heating Methods
The most common way to shrink heat shrink tubing onto something is by using a small , hand - held heat gun .
However , if you have higher volumes , the preferred method for shrinking the tubing is a flow - through oven .
This method will help ensure complete recovery of your tubing since it is evenly exposed to sufficient heat for an adequate amount of time .
Another method that some people use is focused light .
This is emitted by halogen bulbs and once the needed temperature is achieved , the tubing shrinks .
Heat Shrink Tubing and Its Many Applications
When you think about it , heat shrink tubing is a unique and extremely useful invention .
Think about all the things you could n’t do if it did not exist .
If you have a project that demands high quality , low - cost heat shrink tubing , contact us .
We have a huge selection of products that will exceed your expectations .
You ’ll also find our online store offers solutions for all your wire management needs .
With 14 years of experience , you can feel confident we have the wiring , heat shrink tubing , and other solutions you need .
Heat Shrink Tubing
Heat shrink tubing is a type of protective electrical insulation tubing that activates and shrinks when the heat is applied .
Shrink tube is most commonly used in the insulation protection of cables , wires , joints , and terminals due to its durable exterior and tight fit .
Heat shrinkable tubing is preferred to other electrical insulation tubing due to heat shrink 's ability to mold around the shape of the cable or wire connection point .
Therefore , protecting against various environmental strains and abrasions .
While all types of heat shrink tubing generally serve the same function , different needs require different shrinkable tubing .
Due to the vast array of cable and hose diameters , heat shrink is produced in various sizes , thicknesses , and materials .
Depending on the desired use , and it is helpful to understand which shrink tubing materials are best for your particular needs .
Cabletiesandmore boasts the largest Online selection of heat shrink tubing for sale .
We provide a wide variety of heat shrink tubing that is in stock , depending on your specific situation .
What kind of heat shrink tubing should I buy ?
The first feature to think about is the size .
How big are the wires , cables , or general devices you wish to use with shrink tubing ?
2:1 heat shrink tubing shrinks to half of its original size .
3:1 heat shrink tubing will shrink to a ratio of one - third of its original size , and 4:1 heat shrink tubing will shrink to one - quarter of its original size .
You will want to pick a sizeable heat shrink diameter that is bigger than your largest measurement but will shrink to fit your smallest measurement snugly .
Next , you will want to determine the best material for your heat shrink tubing .
As mentioned , different shrink sleeves are needed for different circumstances .
When deciding what heat shrink to use for an industrial application , you may choose to use our 2:1 High Temp Viton Heat Shrink Tubing or diesel resistant heat shrink due to their powerful chemical resistance .
2:1 Polyolefin Heat Shrink is the standard for heat shrink tubing material because of its overall temperature and chemical resistance , commonly used for cable management when bundling and insulating of wires .
For protection against moisture , dual wall adhesive lined heat shrink sleeving provides a water - proof seal .
Alternatively , fabric heat shrink sleeving uses a unique blend of Polyolefin and Polyester yarns to resist trapping water and humidity .
Kynar heat shrink tubing provides the ultimate heat resistance and flexibility , making it ideal for small spaces like fuse coverings .
Neoprene heat shrink is a popular choice for military and aerospace applications because neoprene is flame - retardant and is also highly resistant to lubricating oils and hydraulic fluids .
However , diesel resistant heat shrink tubing is also a suitable choice .
We also provide different colors of heat shrink tubing for identification purposes , as well as customizable heat shrink tubes if you would like specific lettering or wording .
Other Things to Know Before You Buy heat shrink tubing ?
Ensure that heat shrink tubing is applicable for your intended use .
variable temp heat guns and butane torches are efficient and effective , providing the maximum heat necessary for proper shrinkage .
You will likely want to find one that is handheld and easy to use , but make sure to use the appropriate temperature range depending on your shrink tubing .
Remember , different materials can withstand different heat levels !
Alternatively , you may be interested in using
adhesive - lined heat shrink wrap tape instead .
Some applications may not be able to fit through shrink tubing , making heat shrink tape a better choice .
It provides the necessary bonding and protection with added flexibility and versatility .
Here at cable ties and more , we carry a wide selection of heat shrink tubing and heat shrink accessories for your unique needs
How to install heat shrink tubing ?
Before installing heat shrink tubing , you should educate yourself on how to shrink heat shrink .
There are more than a few ways that heat shrink tubing can be shrunk to its recovered size .
However , to properly install heat shrink begins by feeding the cable or hose inside the opening of the heat shrink either by hand or using an electrical wire fish rod to get the tubing to the end of the run .
Once the heat shrink fully encloses the wire or hose , you can start applying high heat from Heat tools .
Finally , sit back and watch as the shrink tube recovers down to a snug fit on the cable or hose that is now insulated internally .
They were the cheekbones , and chins , that dropped jaws at the Cannes Film Festival .
So high and bulbous as to appear to threaten their owners ' vision , the twin sets of reportedly collagen - injected zygomatic bones that walked the red carpet at Cannes this week caused a stir around the world .
Making waves in Cannes ... Igot and Grichka Bogdanoff .
Who exactly were their owners , the French twin brothers Igor and Grichka Bogdanoff , and were they the male answer to socialite Jocelyn Wildenstein , whose own obsession with plastic surgery earned her the nickname " bride of Wildenstein " ?
The story of the Bogdanoff brothers is as fascinating as their pouts are strained , spanning celebrity , academia , accusations of plagiarism and the mysteries of the universe .
You Are Your Own Master
Be A Light Unto Yourself K'S TEACHING :
You must know for yourself , directly , the truth of yourself and you cannot realize it through another , however great .
There is no authority that can reveal it .
- Authentic Report of Sixteen Talks given in 1945 & 1946
...p. 85 .
You yourself have to be the master and the pupil .
The moment you acknowledge another as a master and yourself as a pupil , you are denying truth .
There is no master , no pupil , in the search for truth .
- Krishnamurti's Talks Benares - India 1949 ( Verbatim Report ) p.37
You must understand it , go into it , examine it , give your heart and your mind , with everything that you have , to find out a way of living differently .
That depends on you , and not on someone else , because in this there is no teacher , no pupil ; there is no leader ; there is no guru ; there is no Master , no Saviour .
You yourself are the teacher and the pupil ; you are the Master ; you are the guru ; you are the leader ; you are everything .
- Talks by Krishnamurti in U.S.A 1966 p.73
If you are very clear , if you are inwardly a light unto yourself , you will never follow anyone .
- Krishnarnurti's Talks Benares - India 1949
( Verbatim Report ) p.38 .
DHAMMA :
Atta hi attano natho
atta hi attano gati ;
- Dhammapada - 380
You are your own master ,
you make your own future .
Attadipa Viharath Attasarana Anannasarana
Dhammadipa Dhammasarana Anannasarana
- Digha Nikaya , maha parinibbana sutta
Abide with oneself as an island , with oneself as a refuge .
Abide with the Dhamma as an island , with the Dhamma
as a refuge .
Seek not for an external refuge .
The young men had just finished cutting a client ’s lawn and were walking home with their equipment when an OPP car pulled up beside them .
According to a statement of claim filed Monday in Brampton small claims court , that ’s when things went wrong .
“ Where did you steal that from ? ” the officer , Pablo Perriera , asked Kyle Scheibe and his assistant , the claims says .
Scheibe , who is 19 , told the officer he was running a small landscaping business and that the equipment belonged to his father , Ron Scheibe .
He also provided the address of the job he had just completed and showed the officer a flyer as proof of their business .
“ I tried to tell him I had all the receipts for everything at my house , I told him it ’s just a block away , you can come at anytime and look .
He said , ‘ No , I ’m not going that far , ’ ” Scheibe told the Star .
Standing beside him was his assistant , Zarik Furmanov , a 20 - year - old with Tourette ’s syndrome .
“ He kept looking at me because he was nervous and he really did n’t know what to say or do , ” Scheibe said .
Furmanov ’s nose was bleeding — his condition causes him to involuntarily punch himself — but according to the statement of claim the officer implied he had been taking illicit drugs .
Perriera , according to the statement of claim , checked serial numbers before confiscating the lawn mower , weed trimmer , shovel , gas can and screw driver .
While Scheibe walked home , Perriera handcuffed Furmanov , put him into the back of the marked cruiser , and drove to the client ’s home where they had just been working .
“ Officer Perriera knocked on the client ’s door , and advised them that the plaintiff had been using stolen property while caring for their lawn , ” according to the lawsuit .
Perriera then went to Scheibe ’s home , released Furmanov , taunted them and threw the screwdriver on the driveway , stating , “ That ’s all you get , ” the lawsuit says .
After returning to his vehicle , Perriera used the cruiser ’s loudspeaker to call the pair “ retards ” and said “ he ( officer Perriera ) would be using the lawn mower on his own lawn tonight , ” the statement says .
“ Lots of people on my street heard it , ” Kyle Scheibe said .
It was around 5 p.m. on May 15 , a Saturday .
When Ron Scheibe arrived home , he could n’t believe what he was hearing .
He went to the Bolton OPP detachment .
“ I had to beg to get my own equipment back and they still were n’t going to give it back to me , ” he said .
The lawsuit seeks $ 25,000 in damages and names the Ontario Provincial Police and Perriera .
The OPP has declined to comment on the lawsuit .
“ As this is now before the courts and to respect that process , it would not be appropriate for me to comment , ” said Const .
Jonathan Beckett , media relations officer with the Caledon OPP detachment .
Later that evening , the lawsuit says , Perriera and several other officers returned to the Scheibe residence and returned the property without asking for any proof of ownership .
When Ron Scheibe went to the detachment a few days later to file a complaint , he was told Perriera had not filed a report .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
“ If there is no report that it was stolen and the officer just made it all up and ( was ) simply harassing Kyle for whatever his reasons are , that ’s malicious and personal and he ’s not even performing any duties , ” said Toronto lawyer Simon King , who drafted and filed the statement of claim on behalf of the Scheibes .
“ It ’s really , in my view , pretty sad that it went that far that Ron is showing up at the police station saying , ‘ Listen , this is my stuff , my son was using my stuff . ’ ”
The lawsuit says the OPP failed to respond appropriately to inquiries from the legitimate owner of the property .
Mangalore , India ( CNN ) --
Authorities have recovered the data recorder from the charred wreckage of the Air India plane that crashed in the southern Indian city of Mangalore over the weekend , police said Tuesday .
The recorder -- commonly known as the " black box " -- will allow authorities to piece together the flight 's last minutes .
The recorder was found intact , said Seemant Kumar , the Mangalore police commissioner .
Meanwhile , a team from the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board arrives in India on Tuesday to assist in the investigation of the crash that killed 158 people .
The team includes a senior air safety investigator , a flight operations specialist , an aircraft systems specialist and technical advisers for Boeing and the Federal Aviation Administration , the NTSB said .
The Air India plane , a Boeing 737 , was carrying 166 people when it overshot the runway upon landing , crashed into a ravine and burst into flames , officials said .
Eight passengers survived the crash and were taken to local hospitals .
India 's Directorate General of Civil Aviation is leading the investigation into the cause of the crash .
The Boeing 737 took off from Dubai in the United Arab Emirates and crashed while trying to make its scheduled landing in Mangalore at 6:30 a.m. Saturday ( 9 p.m. ET Friday ) , Air India spokesman Anup Srivastava said .
Officials said weather conditions were good -- calm winds , no rain and good visibility of 6 kilometers -- and that both the pilot and co-pilot were experienced and had landed many times before at the Mangalore airport .
They did not report any problems before landing the plane , India 's civil aviation ministry said .
The Indian government said families would receive 200,000 rupees , or about $ 4,260 , for each dead passenger and 50,000 rupees , or $ 1,064 , for every injured passenger .
The city of Mangalore , situated in the state of Karnataka along India 's Western Ghats or hills , had just christened a new terminal at the airport .
A week later , it was marred by the crash , India 's worst aviation disaster in a decade .
In 2000 , an Alliance Air jet crashed while trying to land in the northeastern city of Patna , killing about 60 people .
Earlier this week , CNET ran an article critical of the permission model of the Android Market .
Google ’s response to the criticism was that “ each Android app must get users ’ permission to access sensitive information ” .
While this is technically true , one should not need a PhD in Computer Science to use a smartphone .
How is a consumer supposed to know exactly what the permission “ act as an account authenticator ” means ?
The CNET opinion piece “ Is Google far too much in love with engineering ? ” is quite relevant here .
Google does far too little curation of the Android Market , and it shows .
Unlike Apple ’s App Store , the Android Market has few high quality apps .
A study by Larva Labs ( the developers of the excellent Slidescreen app ) estimates that Apple has paid out 50 times more money to developers than Google has .
While the Android Market is available in 46 countries , developers can only offer paid apps in 13 countries ( for instance , Canada has only had access to paid apps since March 2010 ) .
In addition , the price for foreign apps is not displayed in the user ’s local currency and developers do not have the option of customizing pricing by country .
To make matters worse , you ca n’t pay for foreign apps using your Amex card or carrier billing .
There ’s also no support for in - app payments and changelogs ( to communicate app changes ) .
Below are just a few examples of what ’s wrong with the Android Market .
Those 144 spam ringtone apps ( which are clearly infringing copyright ) are currently cluttering the top ranks of the Multimedia category .
I was not surprised to find that they were being monetized through Google Ads .
Trademark and copyright infringement is widespread in the Android Market :
The music downloading app “ Tunee ” ( one of many such apps ) is one of the Top Free apps in the Multimedia category with more than 250k downloads .
While some would dishonestly try to pretend that such apps are meant for downloading public domain classical music , the developers of Tunee are very clear about their intent .
Their screenshot shows copyrighted music by the band Muse ( Warner Music Group ) being illegally downloaded .
These apps are damaging to companies that are building legitimate Android music apps ( e.g Rdio , Spotify and MOG ) , not to mention Amazon whose MP3 store comes bundled with most Android phones in the U.S.
Is Google ’s strategy to turn a blind eye to illegal music downloading until they launch their own music store ?
Developers and users are getting fed up and it ’s time for Google to clean up the house .
Follow me on Twitter
Back in June 2009 , we posted an article about ACE - HD , a high definition torrent tracker that was brand new to the BitTorrent scene back then .
The site was open for signup when we made the post and a lot of our long time readers probably became members there .
However , open signups did not continue for long – the site soon became invite only and remained that way for a very long time .
Today , exactly after one year since our first mention of the tracker , we revisit it to bring you an updated review .
During the past year , ACE - HD has evolved from a newbie HD tracker to a well established high definition torrent site .
But that ’s not the only good news we have – tracker staff have decided to open registrations to the public for the first time in over 12 months .
You can register an account on this site in the next 48 hours but keep in mind that open signups wo n’t last forever .
As you might have guessed from the name , ACE - HD has connections to the veteran general tracker AceTorrents .
However , both sites operate independent of one another and there is little or no shared content between the two trackers .
Either way AceHD has made significant gains in terms of user base as well as size of torrent index during the past year – they now have close to 10000 registered members and track ~2700 active torrents ( this is after starting off operations with just 400 members and ~ 200 torrents )
Speaking of content on AceHD , movies , television shows , documentaries and even music videos may be found here .
Most of the releases indexed on this tracker ( apart from a few BRRip and BDRip releases which are not considered true HD ) are high definition encodes ( 720 p , 1080 p in x264 , WMV - HD and untouched Blu Ray formats ) .
Both scene releases as well as non scene encodes are available for download .
Speaking of non scene encodes , AceHD has its own internal releases ( and packs ) which are unique to their site .
You can identify these exclusive torrents with the ‘ AceHD ’ tag ( in place of release group name ) in torrent title .
Currently there are around 250 packs / internal encodes up for grabs on Ace - HD .
Some of the packs are shown in the screenshot below :
As mentioned in the title of this post , AceHD is opening its doors after being a closed community for one whole year .
A mass PM sent to all site members state :
For the next 48 hours acehd 's sign ups will be open !!
this is the first time since the site has opened that new users will be able to sign up , so tell all your friends / family before its to late as once we closed thats it were closed for another 2 years or so probs
please DONT make dupe accounts as they will be banned and also your first account will be banned to , if u have people who wanna sign up on the same ip then pm a staff member to clarify this FIRST !!...
donations are slow so please help out if possible
all donations for the rest of the month will have triple upload credits , if uve donate this month already dont worry , pm Ace and he will update your stats to the correct amount , dont want you missing out
enjoy
//Staff
AceHD has room for improvement but overall its a decent HD tracker .
If you want to become a member , signups will be open for the next 48 hours .
Site Name : AceHD ( http://acehd.net)
Signup URL : http://acehd.net/signup.php
Related Articles
CREWS aboard Japanese whaling ships are stealing and selling whale meat from the scientific expeditions , two whistleblowers allege .
The Federal Government last week lodged a formal application with the International Court of Justice to challenge Japanese whaling in Antarctic waters .
Japan argues its " research whaling " is permitted under the rules of an international moratorium on commercial whaling .
However , the ABC's Foreign Correspondent program - to be aired today - has spoken to two Japanese crewmen who claim whale meat gathered on the trips is being sold onto restaurants , or kept for personal consumption .
One , who calls himself the Japanese equivalent of Mr Whale , is a former crewman on Japan 's whaling fleet flagship the Nisshin Maru .
" First , when the ship returns to Japan and arrives in the port , a transport truck is waiting , " he said through a translator .
" The crewman will then pack the whale meat they stole into a cardboard box .
" One person carried off 500 to 600 kg . "
Another whistleblower , who has more than 30 years experience on Japanese whaling ships , said he too had seen evidence of meat harvesting .
" It happened on the container on the bridge , I had to check the temperature everyday and when I went in there , there was a staff member from the Institute of Cetacean Research packing something , " he said , also through a translator .
" So I yelled , ' What are you doing ? '
" He then tried to hide the package by spreading his arms out - it was red meat from the tail .
" That is the highest quality whale meat . "
The Institute of Cetacean Research conducts Japan 's whale hunts .
Originally published as Whistleblowers lift lid on Japanese whaling
Google has recently made a slew of changes to its
Docs office and productivity suite live for all users and all new documents .
From now on , when you create a new spreadsheet , drawing , presentation or text document in Docs , you 'll be using the snazzy new interface and collaboration features as the default .
Two months ago , Google announced some major new features for Google Docs .
Users were able to preview these upgrades , which included completely group chat , real - time collaboration tools , and completely redesigned editors for documents , spreadsheets , and drawings .
From now on , any time you create a new document , you 'll be doing so from the new version of Google Docs .
Documents already created using the older editor will remain in that interface , and you 'll soon be able to move those older documents to the new version of Docs , too .
Here 's a little video that highlights some of Docs ' new features :
Enterprise - level users of Google Apps will also see the new default interface soon .
Here 's what the rebuilt Docs looks like , in case you have n't been testing it out over the past couple of months :
This upgraded version becoming Docs ' new default interface comes at just the right time ; Microsoft recently announced a Google Docs competitor in Office Web Apps , a web - based suite that includes a text editor / word processor , spreadsheet editor and presentation software .
Which company do you think has rolled out the better product for online document editing , collaboration and storage ?
And do you approve of the changes to Google Docs ?
Lenovo have unveiled their latest entry in the IdeaPad netbook series , the IdeaPad S10 - 3s .
Essentially an upgrade over the current IdeaPad S10 - 3 series , the new model features a lightweight design with a slimmed - down 16 mm profile .
The highlight of the new model is a 10.1 ” 16:9 LED backlit display with a resolution of 1024x600 , upgradable to a very respectable 1280x720 unit .
( We 'd just as soon ditch the 1024x600 option and make the 720 p display mandatory . )
The rest of the machine is standard netbook fare .
At the heart of the machine is an Intel Atom N450 running at 1.66GHz , upgradable up to a 1.83 GHz N470 CPU .
The integrated GMA3150 provides the graphical performance .
This is backed up by up to 2GB 533MHz DDR2 RAM .
Storage options consist of either 160 , 250 or 320 GB HDDs , or as you can go with a 16 or 32 GB SSD .
As usual for a netbook , there is no optical drive .
Interestingly , the netbook seems a step above most with regard to sound due to Dolby Headphone surround sound complementing the standard stereo speakers .
A 1.3MP integrated webcam is also present .
The S10 - 3s is available in white , black or a patterned ‘ spring flower ’ lid cover design , with 98 % size chiclet keyboard with rounded keys .
The netbook features three USB 2.0 ports , a 5 - in - 1 card reader , VGA port , headphones and mic ports .
Networking - wise there is WiFi 802.11b/ g with optional n support and 10/100 Ethernet .
There is optional 3G connectivity and Bluetooth to complete your wireless needs .
Battery life is rated at 3.5hrs with the standard 3 - cell battery , or a respectable 7hrs with a 6 - cell battery .
The 6 - cell model comes in at 1.25 Kg compared to 1.1Kg for the 3 - cell .
Unique to the netbook are some of Lenovo ’s proprietary technologies .
DirectShare allows you to synchronize your netbook and share files without internet access , while MapLife is an application that detects your location using your WiFi connection .
Active Protection System protects the HDD from damage due to everyday bumps and shocks .
The OneKey Rescue System provides recovery and antivirus tools and VeriFace provides the integrated webcam with face recognition technology .
By far the most useful of the Lenovo added extras is the Quick Start instant - on function that allows you to access the internet and some multimedia applications without booting into Windows .
Speaking of which , Windows 7 Basic or Starter or Windows XP Home Edition are available .
The IdeaPad S10 - 3s starts at $ 379.99 and is available from mid-April from Lenovo.com and associated retailers .
There 's also a convertible touch screen model in the range , the IdeaPad S10 - 3t , available online from $ 479 .
The IdeaPad S10 - 3s looks like a very well featured entry into the overcrowded netbook market .
In particular , special mention must go to the optional high - resolution screen .
However , an upgrade to the 6 - cell battery must be added to the price , as the standard battery life really is n’t enough for a netbook .
We all know that with mosaic tiles we could created very beautiful wall design in bathrooms and kitchens .
Although usually only simple patterns come in mind .
De Meza + Architecture +
Interiors created much more interesting bathroom design for 2010 San Francisco Decorator Showcase .
Pixilated walls that they created with black and white mosaic tiles looks more like an artwork than a simple pattern .
In order to create this really complicated pattern Spec Ceramics created 12 ” x 12 ” mesh sheets with tiles that was much more easy to install later .
The back wall of the shower , draws inspiration from a photo of a French staircase that used tiled words on the risers .
The floor and adjacent wall pattern was designed to create movement in the space and to also draw attention to the back wall of the shower .
In the result , designers have got a modern design that live within a traditional envelope .
Check out a more detailed description at HomeWorkshop .
{ Photographs by Shae Rocco }
2 of 7 of 7
3 of 7 of 7
4 of 7 of 7
5 of 7 of 7
6 of 7 of 7
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Long queues formed outside polling stations across the UK as the country voted in the general election .
Voters in Sheffield , Leeds , Ealing and Manchester faced being turned away as the 2200 BST deadline arrived .
Tar balls are washing up in Pensacola , Fla. , as a result of the BP oil spill in the Gulf Coast , so the Brevard County Manatees of the Florida State League are taking action .
The Class A affiliate of the Brewers have announced they are changing the name of batting practice , also known as " BP , " to hitting rehearsal , according to Florida Today .
" As an organization , we feel that changing the term ' batting practice ' and ' BP ' to ' hitting rehearsal ' shows that we are deeply concerned and hurt by the disaster on the Gulf coast , " Manatees general manager Kyle Smith said .
Brevard County is located on the east coast of Florida , and at least one oceanographer says the oil spill could have a greater environmental impact there than on the west coast .
" We hope to send a message to the community that we are definitely worried with the pollution that is in the waters off the Gulf Coast and its potential impact on the beaches here in Brevard County , " Smith said .
By Peter Barzilai
Riskiert die Linkspartei bei der Bundespräsidentenwahl einen Verfassungsbruch ?
Peter Muehlbauer
Anders als der CDU - Bewerber Christian Wulff hat Lukrezia Jochimsen ihr Abgeordnetenmandat bisher noch nicht abgegeben
Riskiert die Linkspartei bei der Bundespräsidentenwahl einen Verfassungsbruch ?
Anders als der CDU - Bewerber Christian Wulff hat Lukrezia Jochimsen ihr Abgeordnetenmandat bisher noch nicht abgegeben
Das Grundgesetz schreibt in Artikel 55 Absatz 1 vor , dass der Bundespräsident " weder der Regierung noch einer gesetzgebenden Körperschaft des Bundes oder eines Landes angehören " darf .
Für zwei der vier am 30 .
Juni zur Wahl stehenden Kandidaten , den von SPD und Grünen nominierten Joachim Gauck und den von der NPD ins Rennen geschickten Frank Rennicke , ist diese Regelung kein Problem .
Wohl aber für den CDU - Bewerber Christian Wulf , der nicht nur Ministerpräsident ist , sondern auch einen Sitz im niedersächsischen Landtag inne hatte , und für die Linkspartei-Bundestagsabgeordnete Lukrezia Jochimsen .
Nachdem SPD , Grüne und bemerkenswerterweise auch Linke im niedersächsischen Landtag auf den potenziellen Verfassungsbruch hinwiesen , gab Wulf gestern sein Mandat ab .
Von Lukrezia Jochimsen hörte man dagegen noch nichts entsprechendes .
Am Freitag war bei der Linkspartei niemand erreichbar , der eine Stellungnahme dazu abgeben wollte , ob sie ihr Bundestagsmandat behalten will .
Allerdings hat sie für eine Rückgabe potenziell mehr Zeit als Wulff : Denn auf einen Sitz im Bundestag lässt sich zustimmungsfrei verzichten .
In Niedersachsen gibt es dagegen in Artikel 11 der Landesverfassung die Besonderheit , dass ein Mandat erst dann als niedergelegt gilt , wenn der Landtag sein ausdrückliches Einverständnis dazu gegeben hat .
Die eher moralisch als juristisch untermauerten Forderungen des niedersächsischen SPD - Landesvorsitzenden Olaf Lies nach " freien " und " unabhängigen Kandidaten " lassen sich freilich auch Jochimsen vorhalten .
Weiterhin unklar ist , wann und wie Wulff sein Amt als niedersächsischer Ministerpräsident aufgibt , wenn er am 30 .
Juni zum Bundespräsidenten gewählt werden sollte : Der Landesverfassung nach darf er von seinem Regierungsamt zwar " jederzeit " zurücktreten , müsste aber bis zur Wahl seines Nachfolgers David McAllister geschäftsführend im Amt bleiben .
Möglicherweise kann er die Wahl deshalb erst am 1.Juli annehmen .
Sehr viel klarer ging Joachim Gauck mit einem " besoldeten Amt " um , das man nach Artikel 55 Absatz 2 des Grundgesetzes ebenfalls als Hinderungsgrund interpretieren könnte : Nach Auskunft der Evangelisch - Lutherischen Landeskirche Mecklenburgs schied er bereits Anfang der 1990er - Jahre aus deren Dienst aus .
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
SALT LAKE CITY --
An oil leak blackened Red Butte Creek and other Salt Lake waterways Saturday .
Residents and animals in the area are feeling the impact .
A black film is covering many of yards along the creek , and in some spots , dead fish have washed up as well .
The first thing people said they noticed Saturday was the smell of oil .
Residents said it was so strong , it actually woke a few of them up .
Ralph Riedel was one of those people .
" I came down here and saw this beautiful mess , " he said .
" It looks like the Exxon Valdez spill . "
Yards begin to fill with oil
Related :
Massive cleanup effort underway after oil leak in Red Butte Canyon A massive effort is underway to clean up the damage left behind when a Chevron pipeline leaked up to 21,000 gallons of oil into Salt Lake City waterways Saturday .
Normally , in the Riedels ' backyard that Red Butte Creek flows through , you can see fish in crystal clear water .
You can still see fish , but the clear water is gone .
" I mean , look at it , " said Marina Riedel .
" You can see it 's like this thick , gelatinous layer .
You can see the fish struggling to breathe and swim . "
Sometime early Saturday morning when Chevron 's pipeline started leaking near Red Butte Canyon , all that crude oil started flowing downstream and through this once beautiful spot .
" It 's unbelievable .
It 's hard to imagine , " Ralph Riedel said .
" You see the Gulf spill and it seems so far away , and now this is right in my backyard . "
One of the big concerns was crude oil getting into the Jordan River , but along 500 South at least , disaster crews have set booms into the water to try and stop the oil .
It seems to be working .
The oil is on the left side , but as it makes its way to the boom , less and less of it goes to the right side .
Ralph Riedel
" Right now , they seemed to have contained it here at Liberty Pond .
I think the long - term concern is very minimized , " said Mike Roach with the Division of Wildlife Resources .
But still , it 's going to take a long time to clean up the mess .
Residents react to leak
Gloria Santa Cruz , who lives across from Liberty Park on 1300 South , came home from the Farmers Market to the sight of flashing lights and fire department tape right across the street .
" It 's just a little eerie to drive home to this and see things that you only see on the news , in other parts of the country or the world , " Santa Cruz said .
A man who came to the park to run but was turned away described the situation as " sobering , " both for his use of the park , but also because of the environmental impact .
Ralph and Marina Riedel 's backyard pond was turned black by the oil from Saturday 's leak .
" This is terrible .
It 's a catastrophe , " said Salt Lake City resident Christian Pulfer .
Pulfer could n't believe it when he saw so much black oil flowing down Red Butte Creek .
He says living so close to it , the smell has already given him a headache .
" The whole neighborhood smells , " he said .
" Our house smells like somebody poured gasoline on the floor . "
Pulfer decided to take a walk to get away from the fumes .
The fish in Riedels ' backyard pond , however , could n't get away that easily .
The Riedels fished them out and put them in another pond not attached to the creek .
For some fish , it was already too late .
" They were kind of my pets , but not much I can do about it now , " Ralph Riedel said .
Officials with the Division of Wildlife Resources say starting Sunday , they will begin an assessment to try and get an idea of the damage to fish along the creek and at Liberty Park .
Liberty Park wildlife covered in oil
Their biggest concern is the geese and ducks that live near the pond .
The leak forced the closure of Liberty Park around 10 a.m. , where oil has coated dozens of birds who have made their home on the pond there .
Among them are about 150 Canada Geese who were set to be moved to a bird refuge Sunday .
" Virtually every goose has some oil on it , " said Tom Aldridge , migratory game bird coordinator for the Division of Wildlife Resources .
" A lot of them are just coated from about the water line , but there are a number of birds that started preening and have oil completely covering their bodies . "
Aldridge said nearly 100 birds were captured and moved to holding areas at Hogle Zoo , where volunteers have begun cleaning them up .
Some birds needed two or three washings .
Veterinarians are concerned young ducklings could have ingested oil .
" We 've had a little problem with the very young ducks , " said Dr. Nancy Carpenter , associate director of animal health at Hogle Zoo , " the ones that are a week of age .
Some are OK , some of them are not .
So we are watching them very closely . "
A few very young birds did not survive .
The birds that do will be checked by veterinarians before being released .
The DWR moves migrating geese from the pond every year and takes them to more outlying wetlands .
Aldridge showed up at the park Saturday morning when he smelled and saw the oil , then saw the birds .
A pair of baby ducks is cleaned off by a volunteer at Hogle Zoo .
" A number of young have been produced here and we 're trying to make plans to get them to places that are a bit cleaner to live , " he said .
Zoo workers , as well as staff from Tracy Aviary and Wasatch Exotic Pet Care , could spend days cleaning up to 150 birds .
The spill also caused concern at Tracy Aviary in Liberty Park .
" The flamingos have moved inside just as a precaution .
We are seeing signs of oil on some of our water , " said Tim Brown , executive director of Tracy Aviary .
Aldridge said oil has been detected in the Jordan River and as far away as the Farmington Bay Bird Refuge .
Emergency responders have placed oil - absorbing booms across the rivers and some waterways in hopes of containing the spill .
Dealing with affected animals
The City Emergency Operations Center released tips on how to handle an animal affected by the oil :
Wear gloves when in contact with the animal
Prepare warm water and liquid dish soap ( not dishwasher soap ) in a nearby place or small tub
Wearing gloves , wash the animal gently
Call your veterinarian to discuss specific treatment if animal contamination has occurred
-----
Story compiled with contributions from Alex Cabrero , Marc Giauque , Becky Bruce and Anne Forester .
×
Photos
DETROIT – Labor made its presence felt at the U.S. Social Forum on Wednesday in a lively march and rally in this ravaged city ’s downtown , calling for jobs and an end to cuts in city services .
( See video below . )
Johnny Brown , a Detroit resident , expressed both the anger and the determination of the labor movement here .
Brown is upset about cuts in the city ’s bus service .
A retired limousine driver , Brown said he has to wait up to an hour to catch a bus .
Voicing anger at Detroit ’s mayor , he said , “ It ’s not the bus drivers ’ fault , it ’s Dave Bing ’s fault .
He ’s cutting back on service and wants to totally eliminate Sunday service .
Bing and his kid have never caught a bus .
We have got to stop it somewhere and we are going to stop it here in Detroit . ”
Others at the rally noted that the economic crisis extends way beyond the Midwest rustbelt .
Martin Chartrand , from economically hard - hit Maine , said he is a member of a state organization called Food and Medicine .
“ Lots of jobs have been lost in the last 10 years in the paper industry and other manufacturing , ” he said .
“ Now secondary jobs that depended on people spending those paychecks are also being affected . ”
His organization is “ dedicated to the idea that people should not have to choose between buying food and paying for medicine . ”
Jobs with Justice is playing a prominent role at the Social Forum and JwJ members came out in force for the rally .
JwJ member Bob Lynn said government needs to take care of the people instead of the big banks .
Lynn was enthusiastic about AFL - CIO President Richard Trumka ’s call for taxing Wall Street financial transactions .
“ Taxing Wall Street is always a good idea , ” Lynn said .
“ All the people will get on board , that will be an easy sell . ”
JwJ-er Karen Krause , from Toledo , Ohio , said the situation there is similar to Detroit .
“ It ’s dismal , dismal , it ’s bad , ” she said .
“ We have the same problem .
We are heavily invested in the auto industry and when the auto industry is not in good shape , none of us are . ”
During the brief rally , the Rev. Ed Rowe of Detroit ’s Central United Methodist Church asked for a moment of silence for “ all the workers making millions for all of the banks and corporations but do n’t have enough for themselves . ”
Referring to the big Bank of America and Chase offices nearby , Rowe said Americans should “ get ready to move their money from the banks down the street .
Every dollar we give them helps put us out on the streets .
We are foreclosing on ourselves . ”
Photo : With Detroit ’s Renaissance Center in the background , marchers demand jobs and say Wall Street should pay , June 23 .
( PW / Libero Della Piana )
The most expensive call girls in the world : Hollywood madam admits supplying £ 30 k - a- night prostitutes to celebrities
They say she makes nineties Hollywood madam Heidi Fleiss look like Mary Poppins .
Good reason then for film stars and politicians to be quaking in their boots following the arrest of Michelle Braun .
The mother - of - two has admitted running a vice ring supplying the most expensive call girls in the world to celebrities , business chiefs and well known public figures .
Caught : Michelle Braun , right , posing with Paris Hilton , employed more than 70 women including fashion models , Hollywood actresses and Playboy centrefolds .
There is no suggestion Miss Hilton has any connection with the allegations against Braun
Her stable of 70 women - said to include fashion models , Hollywood actresses , and Playboy centrefolds - were able to command up to £ 30,000 a night for sex .
For her part , Braun is said to have made more than £ 5 million .
It was her boasts two years ago in an interview with Rolling Stone magazine that were Braun 's downfall .
Named as running the most expensive escort service , she told the magazine : ' All I do is make the introductions between famous girls and rich guys who want to meet them . '
Prosecutors in California , however , uncovered a sophisticated prostitution ring .
Braun , 31 , charged men £ 1,000 just to register with her website , before they would even get to see photos of available women .
The fees dwarfed those of Fleiss , whose girls made up to £ 7,000 a night .
Pretty woman :
The blonde madam , pictured with actor Mickey Rourke , revealed her clients include well known celebrities and public figures .
There is no suggestion Mr Rourke has any connection with the allegations against Braun
Braun 's operation was in another league .
According to prosecutors she quickly filled the void left by Fleiss when she was jailed for offences relating to her prostitution ring in 1997 .
She began an online call girl service from Bakersfield , California , but as her wealth grew moved to Boca Raton , Florida mixing with the rich and famous .
The identities of Braun 's clients have not been revealed but her lawyer said they include big names .
' Let 's just say you'd be shocked , ' said Marc Nurik .
Prosecutors said her company , Global Travel Network , was a front for the call girl service where women would charge up to £ 5,000 a day in travel expenses alone .
Lucrative : Braun ( right ) with actor Terrence Howard , is estimated to have made more than £ 5 m from running the prostitution ring .
There is no suggestion Mr Howard or the unidentified woman ( left ) in this picture have any connection with the allegations against Braun
The FBI trapped Braun after she agreed to fly a girl from Los Angeles to New York to meet a client who was an undercover agent .
They were able to arrest her for the federal offence of transporting a woman across state lines for sex .
Her arrest sent a wave of panic across Hollywood as agents seized her computers and phone records .
Mr Nurik admitted that men who used Braun 's service did so to arrange sex .
' I 'm not sure people would pay money to meet a porn star and talk about Stephen Hawking 's newest book , ' he said .
Braun this week agreed to a plea deal that means she will escape jail .
Prosecutors have recommended she be fined £ 20,000 and given six months of home confinement .
The court hearing is in October .
The author of Crime and Punishment never had a reputation for lightness in his soul .
Now the Moscow authorities have postponed the opening of a metro station named after Fyodor Dostoevsky over fears that illustrations from his works that decorate it could turn the station into a " mecca for suicides " .
The new station was decorated with black and white marble mosaics of scenes from Dostoevsky 's most famous novels , including Crime and Punishment , Demons , The Idiot and The Brothers Karamazov .
But unsurprisingly for a writer famously preoccupied with death , the scenes include images of suicide and murder .
On one wall , Rodion Raskolnikov from Crime and Punishment brandishes an axe over the elderly pawnbroker Alyona Ivanovna and her sister , his murder victims in the novel .
Near by , a character from Demons holds a pistol to his temple .
The pictures quickly caused a sensation .
Bloggers and websites called the images that appeared on the internet in April " depressing " amid speculation that the images could attract suicides .
The opening of the station , which was meant to be today , has been put back indefinitely .
The metro has refused to comment but the daily Izvestia claims that it was the transport system 's chief who raised the question of changing the decorations when he visited the site last week .
Sources at the metro told The Independent that the controversy was convenient cover for the fact that the stations are not ready .
The fate of the murals is now in the hands of Moscow 's Mayor , Yuri Luzhkov , a man familiar with controversial public art .
His love of monolithic bronzes by the Georgian sculptor Zurab Tsereteli has bitterly divided Muscovites .
He recently had to back down from plans to put posters of Stalin up around the city for Victory Day .
public class Snippet : IThemeable { static void Main ( ) { if ( " hello " .
Length < ( 43 ^ 2 ) ) new Uri ( " http://there.com " ) ; } }
LAHORE , Pakistan —
The professor was working in his office here on the campus of Pakistan ’s largest university this month when members of an Islamic student group battered open the door , beat him with metal rods and bashed him over the head with a giant flower pot .
Iftikhar Baloch , an environmental science professor , had expelled members of the group for violent behavior .
The retribution left him bloodied and nearly unconscious , and it united his fellow professors , who protested with a nearly three - week strike that ended Monday .
The attack and the anger it provoked have drawn attention to the student group , Islami Jamiat Talaba , whose morals police have for years terrorized this graceful , century - old institution by brandishing a chauvinistic form of Islam , teachers here say .
But the group has help from a surprising source — national political leaders who have given it free rein , because they sometimes make political alliances with its parent organization , Jamaat - e - Islami , Pakistan ’s oldest and most powerful religious party , they say .
* By Jeremy Scahill The Nation *
After nearly a decade of working overtly and covertly for the US government across the globe , the infamous mercenary firm Blackwater is apparently for sale .
The company made the announcement in a brief statement Monday followed by an even briefer statement from the company ’s owner , Erik Prince .
“ Performance does n’t matter in Washington , just politics , ” Prince said .
Blackwater ’s statement does not make clear if all of Blackwater ’s various entities are up for sale or just its security and training business , which currently operates under the names Xe Services and the US Training Center .
Prince also owns a private intelligence company , Total Intelligence Solutions , an off - shore mercenary operation , Greystone Limited , a construction company , Raven Development and Paravant , which has been used as a shell company to win training contracts in Afghanistan .
Prince sold his aviation division earlier this year for $ 200 million .
In announcing Blackwater was for sale , the company stated Monday : “ Xe ’s new management team has made significant changes and improvements to the company over the last 15 months , which have enabled the company to better serve the U.S. government and other customers , and will deliver additional value to a purchaser . ”
The most interesting aspect of this story is what will happen to Blackwater ’s clandestine / covert work for the CIA and the Joint Special Operations Command .
The OGA ( Other Government Agency ) division of Blackwater has gone by different names over the years .
Among these are : Blackwater SELECT , Blackwater PTC and , most recently XPG .
It was this division of the company that Blackwater used for its role in the US drone bombing campaign .
Read more at The Nation
Author Details Author Details G M
This is a general posting account for VT
Let people know that you are OPEN FOR BUSINESS by sharing details on : modified hours of ...
Read more
The digital lock provisions have quickly emerged as the most contentious part of Bill C - 32 , the new copyright bill .
This comes as little surprise , given the decision to bring back the digital lock approach from C - 61 virtually unchanged .
The mounting public concern with the digital lock provisions ( many supporters of the bill have expressed serious misgivings about the digital lock component ) has led to many questions as well as attempts to characterize public concerns as myths .
In effort to set the record straight , I have compiled 32 questions and answers about the digital lock provisions found in C - 32 .
The result is quite lengthy , so I will divide the issues into five separate posts over the next five days : ( 1 ) general questions about the C - 32 approach ; ( 2 ) the exceptions in C - 32 ; ( 3 ) the missing exceptions ; ( 4 ) the consumer provisions ; and ( 5 ) the business provisions .
For those that want it all in a single package , I 've posted the full series as PDF download .
Before getting into the 32 questions , it is worth answering the most basic question – what are anti-circumvention or digital lock provisions ?
The short answer is that they are provisions that grant legal protection to technological protection measures ( TPMs ) .
In plainer English , traditional copyright law grants creators a basket of exclusive rights in their work .
TPMs or digital locks ( such as copy - controls on CDs , DVDs , or e-books ) effectively provide a second layer of protection by making it difficult for most people to copy or sometimes access works in digital format .
Anti-circumvention legislation creates a third layer of protection by making it an infringement to simply pick or break the digital lock ( in fact , it even goes further by making it an infringement to make available tools or devices that can be used to pick the digital lock ) .
Under the Bill C - 32 , it would be an infringement to circumvent a TPM even if the intended use of the underlying work would not constitute traditional copyright infringement .
The C - 32 Approach
This section features answers to the following questions :
Is n't the C - 32 digital lock approach simply the required implementation to comply with the WIPO Internet treaties ?
Penalties are reduced for individuals who circumvent for personal purposes .
Does n't this solve the problem ?
The digital lock provisions in C - 32 appear to distinguish between copy controls and access controls .
Is n't that enough to address concerns about the bill 's impact on fair dealing ?
Are the digital lock provisions in C - 32 constitutional ?
Is it true that C - 32 requires teachers and students to destroy some digital lessons 30 days after the course concludes ?
Is it true that C - 32 requires librarians to ensure that inter-library digital loans self - destruct within five days of first use ?
The U.S. has a regular review of new exceptions every three years .
Does Canada plan the same ?
Is n't the C - 32 digital lock approach simply the required implementation to comply with the WIPO Internet treaties ?
No .
The WIPO Internet treaties require that countries provide legal protection for digital locks , but leave considerable flexiblity in how this requirement is implemented .
The U.S. has promoted its particular approach ( as found in the DMCA and now in C - 32 ) since before the treaty was even concluded , yet consensus in establishing the treaty was only achieved by adopting far more flexible language .
On the issue of legal protection for digital locks , the treaties require countries to provide " adequate legal protection and effective legal remedies " for technological protection measures .
The U.S. initially proposed :
(1) Contracting Parties shall make unlawful the importation , manufacture or distribution of protection - defeating devices , or the offer or performance of any service having the same effect , by any person knowing or having reasonable grounds to know that the device or service will be used for , or in the course of , the exercise of rights provided under this Treaty that is not authorized by the rightholder or the law .
(2) Contracting Parties shall provide for appropriate and effective remedies against the unlawful acts referred to in paragraph ( 1 ) .
This language did not achieve consensus support with many proposed changes .
A compromise position was ultimately reached using the " to provide adequate legal protection and effective legal remedies " standard .
Not only does this language not explicitly require a ban on the distribution or manufacture of circumvention devices ( ie. software programs used to circumvent digital locks ) , it is quite obvious that the intent of the negotiating parties was to provide flexibility to avoid such an outcome .
U.S. law professor Pam Samuelson chronicles precisely what happened in her 1997 law review article , The U.S. Digital Agenda at the World Intellectual Property Organization :
At the diplomatic conference , there was little support for the Committee 's proposed language on circumvention technologies .
Some countries opposed inclusion of any anti-circumvention provision in the treaty .
Others proposed a " sole purpose " or " sole intended purpose " standard for regulating circumvention technologies .
Some wanted an explicit statement that carved out circumvention for fair use and public domain materials .
The E.U. offered a proposal that would have required contracting parties to adopt adequate and effective legal measures to regulate devices and services intended for technology - defeating purposes .
Facing the prospect of little support for its proposal or the Committee 's draft anti-circumvention provision , the U.S. delegation was in the uncomfortable position of trying to find a national delegation to introduce a compromise provision brokered by U.S. industry groups that would simply have required contracting parties to have adequate and effective legal protection against circumvention technologies and services .
In the end , such a delegation was found , and the final treaty embodied this sort of provision as Article 11 .
This was , of course , a far cry from the provision that the U.S. had initially promoted .
Still , it was an accomplishment to get any provision in the final treaty on this issue .
The inclusion of terms like " adequate " and " effective " protection in the treaty will mean that U.S. firms will be able to challenge national regulations that they deem deficient .
In the years since the treaty was concluded , the U.S. and a handful of supporters have argued strenuously that countries should ignore the compromise language and adopt the U.S. approach .
Yet some countries have rejected that advice – Canada 's own bill C - 60 adopted a flexible approach , as does the most recent copyright reform bill from India .
New Zealand 's law features many differences from the U.S. model and dozens of countries have added exceptions and changes to the basic U.S. approach .
In fact , the reality is that of the 88 states that have ratified the WIPO Internet treaties , fewer than half that have adopted the U.S. model .
When the U.S. was in the process of implementing the WIPO Internet treaties into what became the DMCA , officials acknowledged the flexibility that exists in the treaty .
Marybeth Peters , the U.S. Register of Copyrights , said in testimony before the House Judiciary Committee on 16 Sept. 1997 :
" Some have urged that the legislation not address the provision of products or services , but focus solely on acts of circumvention .
They state that the treaties do not require such coverage , and argue that devices themselves are neutral , and can be used for either legitimate or illegitimate purposes .
It is true that the treaties do not specifically refer to the provision of products or services , but merely require adequate protection and effective remedies against circumvention .
As discussed above , however , the treaty language gives leeway to member countries to determine what protection is appropriate , with the question being whether it is adequate and effective . "
And , later in the same testimony , the clearest statement : " the treaties do not specifically require protection for access controls in themselves . "
Applied to C - 32 , the current bill goes far beyond what is strictly required to be compliant with the WIPO Internet treaties .
A more flexible , balanced implementation would still be WIPO compliant , provide protection for businesses seeking to use DRM , and maintain the copyright balance .
Penalties are reduced for individuals who circumvent for personal purposes .
Does n't this solve the problem ?
No .
First , claims that reduced penalties removes the impediment to Canadians circumventing digital locks for personal purposes assumes that concern for statutory damages is the primary motivator for a particular action .
I disagree .
In the education world , teachers and students will not break the lock because academic guidelines will make it clear that they can't .
Similarly , research will also be stifled in the same way since researchers sign ethics documents when they apply for grants that their research plan is compliant with all laws .
They can't sign the document in this situation , regardless of the likelihood of damages .
Second , C - 32 also makes the distribution and marketing of devices ( ie. software ) used to circumvent illegal .
This suggests it will be more difficult to get those tools ( and perhaps risky ) , so the notion that people will circumvent in light of lower penalties is undermined by the underground nature of being able to do so .
Third , from a bigger picture perspective , rights holders have been complaining for years that the public does not respect copyright .
This bill is an attempt to revive respect for copyright by having the law better reflect current norms ( and therefore make it more respectable ) .
However , you do not build respect for copyright by creating provisions that outlaw something but have the government indirectly say it is acceptable to violate its new rule .
C - 32 should craft rules that generate support and acceptance in the public and thereby build support and acceptance for copyright more broadly .
The digital lock provisions in C - 32 appear to distinguish between copy controls and access controls .
Is n't that enough to address concerns about the bill 's impact on fair dealing ?
No .
The distinction in one section of Bill C - 32 , which was also contained in C - 61 , does not address the fair dealing concerns in the bill .
First , the distinction between access controls ( access to the work itself ) and copy controls ( copying the work ) is a distinction without a difference for many of today 's TPMs .
The digital locks used by Amazon or Apple on e-books or the TPMs on DVDs are both access and copy controls .
In order to effectively circumvent to be able to copy , you have to circumvent access .
The locks often permit access for some uses , but not others .
In other words , Canadians will often need to circumvent access to get to the copying and therefore will still be infringing under the law .
Moreover , even if a consumer could distinguish between access and copy controls , the tools themselves that would be used to circumvent for copy purposes cannot be lawfully marketed or distributed .
The notion that it is permissible to circumvent for copying but that the software needed to do so can't be distributed demonstrates how this distinction really makes no real difference .
Finally , many of the other new exceptions – format shifting , time shifting , and backup copies – are covered by all digital locks , including both access and copy controls .
Are the digital lock provisions in C - 32 constitutional ?
Possibly not .
The constitutionality of digital lock legislation has been examined in two articles by Canadian law professors .
Both conclude that the provisions are constitutionally suspect if they do not contain a clear link to conventional copyright law .
Their reasoning is that the constitution grants jurisdiction over copyright to the federal government , but jurisdiction over property rights is a provincial matter .
Digital lock legislation that is consistent with existing copyright law – ie .
one that factors in existing exceptions – is more clearly a matter of copyright .
The C - 32 provisions are arguably far more about property rights since the provisions may be contained in the Copyright Act , but they are focused primarily on the rights associated with personal property .
My colleague Jeremy deBeer conducted a detailed analysis of this issue in his article , Constitutional Jurisdiction over Paracopyright Laws .
Many of his arguments were echoed in a 2009 article published in the Journal of Information Law and Technology by Professor Emir Aly Crowne - Mohammed and Yonatan Rozenszajn , both from the University of Windsor , which concluded that the anti-circumvention provisions found in Bill C - 61 were unconstitutional .
The authors argue that the DRM provisions were " a poorly veiled attempt by the Government to strengthen the contractual rights available to copyright owners , in the guise of copyright reform and the implementation of Canada ’s international obligations .
Future iterations of Bill C - 61 that do not take the fair dealing provisions of the Copyright Act ( and the overall scheme of the Act ) into account would also likely to fail constitutional scrutiny . "
Is it true that C - 32 requires teachers and students to destroy some digital lessons 30 days after the course concludes ?
Yes .
Bill C - 32 requires teachers that utilize a new educational exemption to destroy the lessons that they have created for their courses with one month of the conclusion of the course .
Teachers must recreate the lessons each year , which obviously establishes a strong incentive to run as far away as possible from these new " rights . "
Is it true that C - 32 requires librarians to ensure that inter-library digital loans self - destruct within five days of first use ?
Yes .
While moving toward digital interlibrary loans has obvious advantages ( speed and cost being at the top of the list ) , Bill C - 32 forces libraries to implement DRM - based solutions .
The requirements for legal digital interlibrary loans include limits on further copying and distribution that go far beyond what is necessary ( they are presumably a response to the unlikely scenario that only a single Canadian library will purchase the copy of a work and use digital distribution to cover the rest of the country ) .
Even worse is the requirement to destroy the digital copy within five days of first use .
There are no similar requirements for paper - based copies of works and it makes no sense to force libraries to install DRM protections on digital copies to create time - limited uses .
The U.S. has a regular review of new exceptions every three years .
Does Canada plan the same ?
No .
The U.S. DMCA experience leaves little doubt that the introduction of anti-circumvention legislation will create some unintended consequences .
No matter how long the list of circumvention rights and other precautionary measures , it is impossible to identify all future concerns associated with anti-circumvention legislation .
The U.S. DMCA addresses this by establishing a flawed tri-annual review process .
The system has not worked well , creating a formidable barrier to new exceptions and long delays to address emerging concerns .
As bad as the U.S. system is , the proposed Canadian system under Bill C - 32 is worse since there is no mandated review of the exceptions at all .
Instead , Canada gets a flexible process that will allow the government to consider new exceptions if and when it sees fit .
In other words , the same government that brought you the Canadian DMCA will decide if there is a need to add any exceptions .
If Canada establishes anti-circumvention legislation , it should also establish an impartial process that will enable concerned parties to raise potential new circumvention rights without excessive delay .
The process must be fast , cheap , and easily accessible to all Canadians .
Bill C - 32 establishes the criteria for the introduction of new circumvention rights but fails to implement an administrative structure to conduct the reviews .
June 23 , 2010  --
A trusted aide to Louisiana Sen .
David Vitter resigned Wednesday morning after ABC News reported that he had been arrested for attacking his ex-girlfriend with a knife , and had an open warrant for his arrest in Baton Rouge on a drunk driving charge .
The aide , Brent Furer , worked on the Republican senator 's last campaign , and has spent the last five years posted in his Washington office to handle , among other things , women 's issues .
An ABC News investigation out this morning revealed that Furer had repeated brushes with the law dating back to the 1990s .
Those who have had encounters with Furer told ABC News that his presence on Vitter 's payroll raised serious questions about the senator 's judgment .
Melanie Sloan , executive director of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , said it concerns her that the senator has talked so forcefully as an advocate for women and an opponent of drunk driving , and yet kept someone with Furer 's background on his staff .
" It says something terrible about Senator Vitter 's judgment that this is the kind of guy he wants to keep in his office , " said Sloan , who first alerted ABC News to the assault case .
She said Furer 's resignation was " an obvioius attempt by the senator to save himself with women voters as heads into his reelection campaign this fall . "
" Senator Vitter knowingly kept this dangerous person on his staff through his drunk driving arrest in 2003 and his chilling domestic violence assault conviction in 2008 , " said Sloan .
" Why have him resign only now ? "
Furer 's resignation was reported at 10:30 Wednesday morning by the Associated Press .
Vitter spokesman Joel DiGrado told AP that Vitter 's office was aware of Furer 's arrest for attacking his ex-girlfriend two years ago , but said Vitter was unaware of any other legal issues until the ABC News report .
" Senator Vitter accepted the employee 's resignation today after learning of the other incidents , " spokesman Joel DiGrado said .
Yet in 2003 , after Furer pleaded guilty to driving drunk , a pastor who was Vitter 's regional director in Louisiana oversaw Furer 's court - ordered community service , and did so while Furer continued to work as a key paid staffer on Vitter 's first senate campaign .
Reached at Vitter 's senate office last week , Furer declined to comment , saying he was " too swamped " with the office 's response to the Gulf of Mexico oil spill .
He did not respond to questions emailed by ABC News .
Vitter , a 49 - year - old first - term Republican who is up for reelection in November , also declined to comment when approached in front of his senate office building Tuesday .
Vitter spokesman DiGrado acknowledged the senator had concerns about the 2008 arrest , in which Furer was accused of holding his ex-girlfriend against her will for 90 minutes , threatening to kill her , placing his hand over her mouth , and cutting her in the hand and neck .
CLICK HERE TO READ THE ARREST WARRANT AFFIDAVIT
" After the January 2008 incident , he was told to leave the office pending the court 's determination of what happened , " DiGrado said in an emailed response to questions from ABC News .
DiGrado said that after Furer was sentenced , Vitter imposed " further significant disciplinary action " in consultation with the congressional employment legal office , though he would not elaborate on what that entailed .
He said the senator hired Furer because of the aide 's military service during the first Gulf War .
Furer 's presence on Vitter 's staff is just the latest instance in which the senator 's publicly stated views on women 's issues appear to clash with his actions .
In 2007 , Vitter issued a public apology after acknowledging being a client of the so - called D.C. Madam .
The 2008 allegations against Vitter 's longtime aide are described in chilling detail in court papers .
Furer Stabbed and Threatened Girlfriend
The victim , Nicolia Demopoulos , 27 , declined to be interviewed .
But a police report , photos submitted to the court , and charging documents all shed light on the alleged attack .
After drinking at a restaurant , the two returned to Furer 's Capitol Hill apartment , the report says .
Furer " would not let her leave . "
He " pulled on her coat , which caused it to rip , " then " pulled out a knife and stabbed [ her ] in the hand , " the police report says .
CLICK HERE TO READ THE INCIDENT REPORT
Charging documents allege that Furer became angry when he found phone numbers for other men in her Blackberry .
He smashed her phone when she tried to call 911 , the records say , and he shoved her to the floor when she tried to leave , then held his hand over her mouth and threw her on a bed .
Demopoulos told police Furer " uttered the words to her , ' Do you want to get serious . ' "
Then , the arrest warrant states , Furer " grabbed an unknown object and held it under her neck .
The suspect asked the complainant , ' Do you want to die ? '
The complainant replies and she stated , ' No , I do n't want to die . ' "
After a 90 minute standoff , Furer made her promise not to call police , and then allowed her to leave .
She fled to a friend 's house , and was taken by ambulance to the hospital .
A slash on her chin took eight stitches to close , the police report says .
Furer eventually pleaded guilty to three misdemeanor charges , including threatening harm and destruction of property .
The assault and weapons charges were dismissed .
He was sentenced to 180 days confinement , two years of supervised probation , 40 hours of community service , and treatment for drug and alcohol dependency .
After getting a harsh warning from Superior Court Judge Lee Satterfield , his jail term was suspended .
CLICK HERE TO READ THE CHARGES AGAINST FURER
CLICK HERE TO READ THE JUDGMENT AGAINST FURER
Thomas J. Kelly , Jr. , of the white shoe D.C. law firm Venable LLP represented Furer .
In an interview with ABC News Wednesday , Kelly said he could not recall whether Sen.
Vitter was involved in connecting Furer with representation from Venable for the case .
Kelly , who is described on the firm web site as " a seasoned white collar criminal defense and trial lawyer , " said Furer paid for his representation .
" I can't talk about how I got hired , " Kelly said .
" I usually keep that confidential . "
In a response to emailed questions , Vitter 's office said the senator did not help Furer select or pay for a lawyer .
As a legislative aide , Furer was paid about $ 54,000 last year .
That was his highest salary in the five years he has been on the payroll , the records show .
Furer 's Pay Barely Interrupted
Senate payroll records indicate the 2008 altercation between Furer and his girlfriend registered within the senate office -- Vitter 's office suspended Furer 's pay on Jan. 17 , five days after the incident .
But his payments resumed on Jan. 22 .
The 2008 case was not the first brush with the law for Furer .
Court records and published reports show he has been arrested for driving under the influence at least three times , and once for cocaine possession .
In one instance , in May 2003 , police chased Furer 's swerving vehicle , and saw what they believed to be Furer and a female passenger fighting as the car crossed back and forth over the center lane divider , according to the arrest report .
Furer kept driving after the woman exited the vehicle and was eventually pulled over .
The arrest report says his blood alcohol measured .132 , and noted that Furer was " very verbally abusive towards the police . "
He pleaded guilty to DWI , was placed on probation for one year , and was ordered to serve 32 hours of community service .
Papers Furer filed with the court show his service involved painting a New Orleans church , as overseen by the pastor , Rev. Malcolm Richard .
Richard also works as one of Sen.
Vitter 's regional directors .
The dates of Furer 's community service also coincide with the dates he was on the payroll of Vitter 's senate campaign .
On Aug. 2 , 2004 , for instance , Furer reported doing eight hours of community service at a Salem United Church of Christ camp in New Orleans , under the stewardship of Rev. Richard .
Campaign finance records show that on the same date , Furer received $ 1,500 in payments for " campaign management . "
Rev. Richard , reached by cell phone in his Louisiana parish , said Sen .
Vitter did not appeal to him to help Furer with his community service .
But he did not want to discuss the matter .
" I 'm really not supposed to talk , " he said .
" Everybody makes mistakes in life .
We all do .
But that 's all I 'll say . "
In addition , Furer was ordered to attend a " victim impact panel " run by Mothers Against Drunk Driving , which he attended in 2005 , in Howard County , Maryland , while serving on the senator 's staff .
Vitter has made outreach to MADD part of his agenda in Washington , posing for a photo with Laura Dean - Mooney , the national president of the organization .
On his Facebook page , Sen .
Vitter declared , " I met with MADD 's National President this morning to discuss additional efforts that can help reduce drunk driving .
I look forward to continuing to work with them on ways we can save some of the 12,000 lives every year that are lost in drunk driving incidents . "
Another ugly incident occurred in late 2008 when Furer was driving to pick up medication from a Washington area pharmacy .
Furer , a former Marine and veteran of the first Gulf War , has told lawyers he takes medication for treatment of post traumatic stress disorder .
The ride turned ugly when Furer and another former Marine , Gregory Blake became caught up in a violent road rage incident in late 2008 .
As Furer allegedly chased Blake through the streets of Washington in their SUVS , Furer struck a motorcyclist , throwing the cyclist to the pavement and breaking his femur , according to a lawsuit that followed .
When police arrived , Furer flashed his senate ID and told them he worked for Sen .
Vitter , according to court records .
Furer 's insurance company settled the civil case .
CLICK HERE TO SEND CONFIDENTIAL TIPS TO BRIAN ROSS
Blake said he was outraged to learn where Furer worked .
" That guy should not be working for the U.S. government , " he said .
After ABC News sent questions to Furer , Retired Marine General James E. Livingston wrote to defend the senator 's decision to keep him on staff .
Furer , the general said , " witnessed unspeakable tragedies most in life are fortunate enough to have never witnessed " while serving in Kuwait .
" This is clearly politically driven and it's unfortunate that some are willing to ruin the reputation of a Marine veteran for a political story , " Livingston wrote .
" When faced with Brent 's troubles , Sen .
Vitter could have chosen political expediency and allowed Brent to flounder on his own in a time of need .
Instead , he tried to allow Brent the best opportunity to seek help and get better while never downplaying the severity of the charges . "
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
Construction Law – Personal Injury – Real Estate – Business Law
At Brooks Koch & Sorg , we strive to make our law office a place where people can walk in , talk with our lawyers about their problems and work with us to achieve the best solutions .
Located in downtown Indianapolis , Indiana , Brooks Koch & Sorg provides legal representation in a broad range of legal matters to meet the needs of our clients :
We help commercial and residential building owners with construction law issues , contract disputes and construction defects , including water / mold intrusion .
We assist the victims of personal injury in claims involving automobile and motorcycle crashes , medical practice and surgical errors , property and construction site accidents .
Our lawyers also handle legal matters involving real estate , business formation , business transactions , business litigation and election law .
Contact us to schedule a consultation with one of our knowledgeable , personal attorneys .
All of our attorneys are highly experienced , each providing a unique skill set to our firm ’s practice .
Attorney Michael Koch has more than 26 years of experience , focusing primarily in injury and business matters .
Attorney Terry Sorg has more than a decade of experience as a professional architect in addition to 20 years of experience as an attorney .
Attorney David Brooks has nearly 30 years of legal experience concentrating generally in business and election law .
Approachable Lawyers Who Really Care
We take a client - focused approach to the practice of law .
Our lawyers are friendly and approachable in the office ; they work closely with you to talk about legal answers for the questions in your life .
When you work with us , you deal with a lawyer from start to finish — not an inexperienced associate or paralegal .
We work hard to be available when you call and to return your call as soon as possible .
We are knowledgeable attorneys who really care about solving legal problems for our clients .
We strive to get the best results in and out of court as fast and as efficiently as possible .
Zombies , as any cultural critic who ’s ever written about zombie movies will tell you , are metaphors .
They represent our societal and generational fears , or something .
Take George A. Romero ’s Night of the Living Dead , that seminal zombie masterpiece from 1968 .
The zombies are n’t just reanimated corpses who ca n’t resist bum - rushing a Pennsylvania farmhouse .
They symbolize Cold War paranoia and homosexual repression and mainstream tensions about the counterculture and Vietnam War anxiety and a bunch of other stuff too , depending on who you ask .
But whatever you think inspired them , Romero ’s hippie - era zombies are undeniably the stuff of nightmares .
Sure , they ’re lurchy at best , and relatively easy to outrun if you just walk at a slow pace in the other direction , but something about their unrelenting “ can do ” determination and flash mob–style team efforts makes them legitimately terrifying .
There ’s a palpable tension among the non-zombified heroes , a growing realization that doom is inevitable and the zombies will likely prevail in the end .
And any brains they do n’t eat will probably be on the receiving end of a bullet , thanks to a redneck posse with orders to shoot first and ask if they were black … er , a zombie later .
So what can we make of the zombie metaphors in Survival of the Dead , Romero ’s fifth sequel to his original horror classic ?
All these years after the zombie apocalypse , the walking undead have n’t really changed that much .
They still stagger like a drunk guy looking for a cab , and they ’re as single - mindedly carnivorous as ever .
But the living are n’t nearly as petrified as they were back in the wacky tobacky 60s .
At worst , they ’re mildly inconvenienced by zombies .
Their reaction is similar to what most of us feel when we ’re taking off our shoes at airport security .
You know you have to do it , but Jesus Christ , still ?
At one point in the movie , a National Guard soldier realizes that a zombie has snuck up behind him , and after rolling his eyes with exaggerated annoyance , he mutters “ Shiiiiit ” before setting its head on fire .
Zombies are no longer a real threat .
They ’re a nuisance at worst , an irritating fact of life , and a stupid one at that .
Zombies are about as crafty and devious as the Times Square bomber .
If you want to stop a zombie , you just have to pay attention .
So the real battle is no longer with the zombies , but between the people who ca n’t decide on the best way to deal with them .
Should we just shoot ‘em all in the head , or try to rehabilitate them with horse meat ?
The arguments among the living , although ostensibly about saving humanity , are really about proving that the other side is n’t as concerned with national security as you are .
As one clan leader confesses , “ That ’s all I ever wanted , is for you to admit that I ’m right and you ’re wrong . ”
Glenn Beck could n’t have said it better .
I called Romero to talk about Survival of the Dead , which opens in theaters nation - wide tonight .
His personality is exactly what you ’d expect from a 70 - year old horror director who wears enormous old - guy glasses and has old - school ideas about zombies .
He was charmingly cantankerous .
He also had a roaring , swampy cough , which he blamed on a chest cold he caught in Toronto .
Eric Spitznagel :
To paraphrase Freud , sometimes things have symbolism and sometimes a cigar is just a cigar .
Are the zombies in your movies always a metaphor , or are they sometimes just bloodthirsty walking corpses ?
George Romero :
To me , the zombies have always just been zombies .
They ’ve always been a cigar .
When I first made Night of the Living Dead , it got analyzed and overanalyzed way out of proportion .
The zombies were written about as if they represented Nixon ’s Silent Majority or whatever .
But I never thought about it that way .
My stories are about humans and how they react , or fail to react , or react stupidly .
I ’m pointing the finger at us , not at the zombies .
I try to respect and sympathize with the zombies as much as possible .
( Laughs . )
In a bid to maintain its presence in mainland China , Google Inc. is changing how Internet users there access its search engine after the Chinese government objected to its strategy of redirecting them to an uncensored site in Hong Kong .
Google said China had called the strategy “ unacceptable ” and had threatened to revoke its license .
As a concession , Google said it would stop automatically redirecting users , instead requiring them to click on a link that takes them to the Hong Kong site .
The additional step is designed to help Google renew its license to offer online content in China .
The license , which expires Wednesday , extends through 2012 but has to be renewed each year .
Google expects a decision within weeks , a person familiar with the situation said .
“ This new approach is consistent with our commitment not to self - censor and , we believe , with local law , ” David Drummond , Google ’s chief legal officer , wrote in a blog post .
Advertisement
It remains unclear whether the Chinese government will accept what one analyst called a “ peace offering . ”
A Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman said at a regular press briefing Tuesday that he had not seen Google ’s statement and had no specific comment .
“ The Chinese government encourages foreign enterprises to operate in China according to the law , and we also administer the Internet according to the law , ” said Wang Lijian , a spokesman for the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology .
Google has attempted to strike an uneasy balance with China , tempering its ambitions to grow in the world ’s largest Internet market with its reluctance to bow to the government ’s mandate to censor search results .
The result has been a shrinking share of the search market in China .
At the same time , China is facing rising trade tensions as the West pressures the Asian superpower to strengthen its exchange rate .
Advertisement
“ The Chinese have to put it in the context of the bigger trade problems .
They may not want to start a fight over this , ” said James Lewis , a technology expert with the Center for Strategic and International Studies .
“ They will probably look for other ways to squeeze Google . ”
But the move , which comes three months after Google said it would redirect mainland China users to its uncensored search engine in Hong Kong , will not insulate the company over the long term as the Chinese government continues to press for greater control over its citizens ’ access to political and other sensitive Internet content , Lewis said .
Chinese regulators clamp down on mainland Internet sites that link to foreign sites .
Hong Kong is considered a foreign country under Chinese law , so it escapes censorship restrictions .
Though Google ’s Hong Kong search engine is not filtered , the Chinese government blocks access to certain search results for users in mainland China .
The shift does not affect sophisticated Internet users who access Google through offshore sites .
But it does make it harder for Google to compete in the local Internet market .
Advertisement
Its larger Chinese rival , Baidu Inc. , which plans to recruit American software engineers for its operations in a bid to raise its profile overseas , has profited from Google ’s retreat .
Google ’s market share declined to 31 % from 35.6 % in the first quarter , according to Analysys International .
“ This is very positive for Baidu , ” Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster said .
“ Baidu basically has the strongest backup in the Chinese government :
It is effectively becoming a government - enforced monopoly in the fastest - growing segment of Internet advertising . ”
Google has tried to weigh its mission of providing open access to information with the local sensibilities and laws of the countries in which it operates .
That balancing act has produced concessions in Thailand , India and even in Western European countries .
But its high - profile standoff with China has plunged the Internet giant into uncharted territory .
The stakes are high : Google risks being shut out of one of the most potentially lucrative Internet markets .
Research firm EMarketer estimates that there are 518 million Internet users in China , about 38.9 % of the population .
By 2013 , the number of Internet users in China is expected to reach 900 million .
Advertisement
That points to a market with huge potential : Spending on online advertising in China is expected to reach $ 3.8 billion this year , up 36 % from last year , EMarketer said .
A report by J.P. Morgan in January estimated that search advertising spending would reach $ 1.45 billion in China this year .
jessica.guynn@latimes.com
No , that title is not a typo .
Here 's the galaxy :
This is an irregular galaxy about 15 million light years away that 's undergoing a " starburst " -- a massive wave of star formation .
I wo n't go into details like I usually do ( the press release for the image is pretty good , so go read that ) ... but I just wanted to make the joke .
The name of the galaxy ?
NGC 1313 .
Image credit : my buddy , Travis Rector of the University of Alaska , Anchorage
Lens Test - the Chandlor 95 mm f /2 for EOS mount
The Chandlor 95 mm lens mounted on a Canon EOS " Kiss " camera ( with f/16 stop )
At a low point in life , photographically speaking , I bought a bottom - end Canon EOS SLR body ( no problem there ) , but allowed myself to be persuaded to have the " standard " lens that comes in the " set " - the Canon 28 - 80 mm cheap - n- crappy zoom .
It really is fairly awful , and I 'm always advising people to get the ( even cheaper ! ) 50 mm f/1.8 lens , optically beautiful , just like the lens that " came with " a Canon A - 1 in 1982 .
Anyway , annoyed at other people making comments like " pretty good optically " , it occurred to me to ask if anything could actually be worse ?
The magnifying glass that 's been kicking around in my desk drawer for years , for example ?
You can probably buy one in the 100 - yen shop now .
A little more thought , in an idle moment , and I realised it would be fun to see just what such a lens can do .
After all , the Canon zoom can provide reasonable images if stopped down to about f/16 , so perhaps it 's just a question of aperture .
With about twenty minutes ' work , there I was : the Chandlor 95 mm lens for Canon EOS mount .
The mount would be rather hard to make from scratch , so I started with a Kenko 20 mm extension tube that I was n't using for the moment .
( If you do n't have anything like that to spare , of course , you can buy a body cap for a pocketful of change . )
The focusing mount detached
The photo on the left shows the construction .
Before I started , I had already measured the focal length of the lens , so I knew roughly what length bits would need to be .
First I found a piece of cardboard tube ( the core from some kitchen towel ) that fits inside the rim of the magnifying glass , and cut it roughly to length .
Then I cut a circle in a bit of corrugated plastic sheeting to accept the cardboard tube , cut it to fit the extension tube , and taped it in place .
( I used fabric " carpet tape " , because although it looks fearsome , it peels off plastic without too much mess . )
The tube is a nice fit , and slides in and out for focus .
Unfortunately , with this arrangement the lens does n't focus very close , because the movement is restricted to the depth on the inside of the extension tube to the plate with the contacts and stuff .
I think I will re-engineer it on a body cap ( 300 yen , actually , I discovered ) , with two cardboard tubes , and more focusing range .
Oh , I also made the stops - one f/5.6 and one f/16 - from pieces of paper sellotaped to very short bits of the cardboard tube .
They fit neatly into the front of the magnifying glass ( and stay there , as long as you do n't point the camera downwards ) .
Finally , I sprayed everything with some matte black paint I had left over from making props for Carmen in May .
Using an SLR body makes things like this so easy , of course .
No big worries about light leaks .
Actually there was quite a lot of light leaking in where the spring pin sticks out of the mount , and was pushing the corrugated board away from the mount flange .
I 've cut a slot for it now , but in any case , light only gets a chance to reach the film while the focal - plane shutter is open , so it 's easily outvoted by the main image .
Of course the EOS body says : " Uh - oh , do n't know what lens this is .
Ca n't autofocus , ca n't adjust the aperture ... "
But this does n't matter : it shows the aperture as " 00 " and assumes the same amount of light will be coming in when the shutter opens .
So the built - in metering works as usual .
The tests
I loaded my little Kiss with a roll of nice slow Neopan F ( ISO 32 ) black - and - white film , put the tripod on the back of my bicycle , and went in search of appropriate subjects .
Here 's a comparison of images taken at Myoujin - sama , just down the road .
The tripod position is the same , and so the zoom produces a slightly wider - angle view .
Chandlor 95 mm f/2 Canon 28 - 80 mm at 80 mm max .
f/5.6
1/45 sec . f/2
Not available !
1/15 sec . f/5.6
1/6 sec . f/5.6
1.5 sec. f/16
1.5 sec. f/16
Oh , yes , I cheated : both zoom images are the same .
I used the one taken at f/16 for both examples .
Here 's the real one at f /5.6 for comparison , but there 's no obvious difference at this size .
( Could this be the difference a tripod makes ? )
Well , at f / 2 the Chandlor 95 mm is better , I suppose , since it produces an image .
Not a terribly good image - there 's more flare than anything else .
By f /5.6 we can compare the lenses , and well , yes , we would have to say that the zoom gives a sharper and more contrasty image .
Note that the automatic metering gives different exposures in this case - I did n't calibrate the f /5.6 stop very carefully .
And at f/16 ?
Both lenses provide nice detail , though again the zoom has much more contrast .
Almost too much .
I find the low - contrast Chandlor has a wonderful old - world charm of its own , and while it 's possible to increase the contrast in an image editor , I 'm not sure it 's an improvement .
The negatives of the Chandlor images are quite obviously of reduced contrast , so this is n't a scanning problem ; I suppose that the ordinary glass used simply has very high dispersion characteristics .
Value for money ?
My outlay on materials was zero , but assuming you have to buy a body cap , and a cheap magnifying glass , the Chandlor will still be less than 1/20 the price of the zoom .
Well worth it !
More pictures of Sano taken with this lens
Inspired by a snippet of code in Oliver Steele ’s legendary Functional library , here ’s a lightweight tool to help keep track of JavaScript invocations .
It works in Chrome , Safari , Firebug and IE8 .
( Disclaimer : I developed this module over the course of just a few hours so I ca n’t vouch for its robustness .
It ’s intended for illustration as much as utility , though having said that , it ’s stood up to everything I ’ve thrown at it so far )
The key idea here is dynamic function replacement ( the Russian Doll Principle I blogged about a while back ) .
I do n’t attempt to mutate the original function , instead I create a new function which sandwiches a call to the original function between tracer code .
This new function then gets assigned to the method property of the host object .
Indeed this is really a method tracer .
Calling traceAll for a root object will trace - enable all methods of that object .
This method search will recurse if you pass true as the second argument , which allows it to traverse prototype chains .
The beauty of this top - down approach is that we get to assign a name ( i.e. the name of the method property ) to every function we find .
Only pure anonymous functions ( those that were never assigned to a variable ) remain nameless – actually they are ignored entirely since they can not be reached by navigating the object - property map .
Here ’s the API :
traceAll Enable trace for all methods of a given object ( repeated calls are additive )
root
The object whose descendant methods are to be trace - enabled window is not allowed ) .
recurse
If supplied , method searching will recurse down the property chain .
tracer.traceAll( jQuery , true ) ; >> tracing init >> tracing size >> tracing toArray >> tracing get >> tracing pushStack >> tracing each >> tracing ready etc .
untraceAll Remove all tracing .
tracer.untraceAll( ) ; >> tracing disabled
traceMe Trace a function .
This is mostly used privately , but you might also use this to turn tracing on for just one function ( useful for globally defined functions )
function function object to be traced
methodName the method name that will appear on the tracer logs
If you want to inspect all the currently traced methods check the tracer .
tracing array .
This is how the tracer looks in firebug .
I ’m showing a trace of our real - life development code and it suggests there may be a redundancy issue that needs looking at :
Here ’s the full code listing for tracer :
String.prototype.times = function ( count ) { return count < 1 ? '' : new Array ( count + 1 ) .join ( this ) ; } var tracer = { nativeCodeEx : /\[ native code\ ] / , indentCount : - 4 , tracing : [ ] , traceMe : function ( func , methodName ) { var traceOn = function ( ) { var startTime = +new Date ; var indentString = " " .times(tracer.indentCount += 4 ) ; console.info(indentString + methodName + '(' + Array.prototype.slice.call(arguments ).join ( ' , ') + ' ) ' ) ; var result = func.apply ( this , arguments ) ; console.info(indentString + methodName , '-> ' , result , " ( " , new Date - startTime , 'ms ' , " ) " ) ; tracer.indentCount -= 4 ; return result ; } traceOn.traceOff = func ; for ( var prop in func ) { trace
On[ prop ] = func [ prop ] ; } console.log ( " tracing " + methodName ) ; return traceOn ; } , trace All : function ( root , recurse ) { if ( ( root == window ) || !(( typeof root == ' object ' ) || ( typeof root == ' function ' ) ) ) {return ;} for ( var key in root ) { if ( ( root.hasOwnProperty ( key ) ) && ( root [ key ] != root ) ) { var this Obj = root [ key ] ; if ( typeof this Obj == ' function ' ) { if ( ( this != root ) && ! thisObj.traceOff && !this.nativeCodeEx.test( this Obj ) ) { root [ key ] = this .traceMe( root[key ] , key ) ; this.tracing.push({obj:root , methodName:key} ) ; } } recurse && this .
traceAll ( this Obj , true ) ; } } } , untraceAll : function ( ) { for ( var i=0 ; i< this.tracing.length ; ++i ) { var this Tracing = this .tracing [i ] ; this Tracing.obj[thisTracing.methodName ] = this Tracing.obj[thisTracing.methodName].traceOff ; } console.log ( " tracing disabled " ) ; tracer.
tracing = [ ] ; } }
The heart of the tracer is the traceMe method which was also the easiest part to write .
A new function traceOn is defined in which the original function gets called ( line 15 ) surrounded by tracing paraphernalia .
Note the ingenious times function that I ’m using to render the indentation – I pilfered that from Prototype.js .
We assign the original function to the traceOn. traceOff property so it can be accessed when the user wishes to revert tracing .
JavaScript functions are first class objects so they support properties ( such as trace Off ) which must be transferred to the traceOn function to ensure the tracer functions correctly mimics the original ( especially since the tracer also works with constructors and functions assigned to prototypes – to ensure the latter get traced , recurse should be set to true ) .
Function properties get copied in lines 21 - 23 .
Finally the new function is returned so that it can be assigned in place of the original .
The traceAll function walks the object hierarchy from the root down looking for existing methods and using traceMe to swap them out .
I chose to disallow window as a root object for a couple of reasons .
First there are several native objects ( StorageList in Firefox is one ) that do not take kindly to being asked to give up property names and will throw a security exception .
Taming these cases even with try / catch proved troublesome and erratic .
Secondly when running tracer.
traceAll ( window , true ) on Chrome it throws an oversized stack exception .
If and when I have more time I ’ll try to bring window back into the fold .
In the meantime you can call traceMe directly if you want to add tracing to individual global functions .
function add ( a , b) {return a + b} ; add = tracer.traceMe(add , 'add ' ) ; >> tracing add add ( 2 , 4 ) >> add ( 2,4 ) ; >> add -> 6 ( 9 ms )
traceAll iterates properties of objects , tossing out those properties that evaluate to the host object ( to avoid stack overflow ) and native functions , which we test for using the regEx .
To cut out unnecessary noise I also reject methods of tracer itself ( see line 34 )
After candidate functions have been swapped for their tracing sibling , an object representing the method property is pushed onto the tracer .
tracing array to help us to efficiently untrace when the time comes .
Hopefully the untraceAll function speaks for itself .
And that ’s pretty much it !
Have fun and please let me know about all the inevitable bugs and oversights 😉
WASHINGTON — President of the United States , basketball fan , and former Chicago resident Barack Obama once again weighed in on the future of LeBron James Wednesday , saying how much he would enjoy seeing the superstar play for the Bulls , and also that he , President Obama , was in fact the leader of the free world .
Advertisement
" As I 've mentioned before , I think LeBron would look great in a Bulls uniform , " the president told reporters during a special morning press briefing in the Oval Office .
" It 's a great basketball city , and I think he'd fit right in .
Just like I fit in here in my office — which , if you had n't noticed when you entered , is the Oval Office , the center of power of the United States and , by extension , the Western world . "
" Sorry , I think I may have gotten sidetracked there and said something irrelevant , " added the president , walking casually over the presidential seal on the White House rug .
" Or possibly not .
In any case , I think LeBron would be perfect for the Bulls and their excellent core of young players .
It 's a team game , and in any team game it 's important to have good teammates , as I 'm fond of telling my own teammates , like the joint chiefs , the secretary of state , and , you know , the nation of Britain . "
Advertisement
James , who becomes a free agent July 1 , is being courted by many NBA franchises and is said to be considering New York and Miami as possible destinations .
However , President Obama said that as a basketball fan , and as the man with ultimate authority over the CIA , FBI , and the most powerful military in the history of the world , he personally would counsel James to strongly consider Chicago .
" Let 's just say I think it would be in his best interest , " Obama said .
" And I say that purely as somebody who remembers how great it was when Michael Jordan played for the Bulls .
Not at all as one of the handful of individuals on the planet who can order a deadly predator drone attack with a single telephone call .
Those drones are very precise , I 've found .
I told LeBron as much during a conversation last week . "
Advertisement
As the free agency period nears , the president has repeatedly mentioned the possibility of James playing in Chicago , most notably to TNT's Marv Albert , but also to Russian prime minister Vladimir Putin and during a personal helicopter visit to the residence of NBA commissioner David Stern .
Many fans claim the president is displaying an unfair bias toward Chicago , allegations Obama responded to while idly flipping through a leather folder embossed with the words " NUCLEAR LAUNCH CODES . "
Advertisement
" Let 's be clear : I think what LeBron James has done for the city of Cleveland and the state of Ohio is remarkable , " Obama said .
" However , it 's also been pointed out to me that my approval ratings in Ohio have dipped .
And though losing LeBron would be heartbreaking for Ohioans , I wonder if it would be as heartbreaking as , say , losing $ 645 million in federal education funding , or even $ 2.2 billion for a statewide infrastructure improvement program . "
" But where was I ? " said Obama , looking up and smiling .
" Was n't I just talking about basketball ?
You see what happens when you become president of the United States ?
You try to have a lighthearted conversation about sports and suddenly you 're discussing the very survival of entire American cities . "
Advertisement
Though Obama has made it clear in recent conversations about James that the chief executive of the United States has the power to sign or veto legislation , nominate executive and judicial officers , grant pardons and reprieves , and , under the Patriot Act , imprison anyone with enough salary - cap room to court the MVP , many in the sporting community have noted that the president has no constitutional authority to determine the career path of a professional basketball player .
President Obama said that he agreed , at least in principle .
" Listen , my opinion as the man who holds the highest office in the land is just that — an opinion , " the president said .
" Any fan would want his favorite team to sign the best player out there .
It just so happens that as the most powerful basketball fan on the planet , I can apply a certain amount of pressure others can't . "
Advertisement
" Which makes sense , " Obama added , " because , well , I 'm the president of the United States of America . "
A History of Terran vs. Zerg Text by StRyKeR Translated from pgr21 forum .
Original link : http://www.pgr21.com/zboard4/zboard.php?id=free2&no=37765.
The graph above shows the balance between Terran and Zerg starting from the dynasty of Bonjwa Ma Jae Yoon ( sAviOr ) to today .
At first glance , one can conclude that the two races simply had their transient moments of dominance , hacking away at each other to and fro .
However , if you think of the era , the players representing that era , and the strategies representing that era , you can put meaning to every detail in this graph .
writing is based on analyzing this graph and recovering the trends in strategies in TvZ and ZvT .
(* Note : The graph shows TvZ winrate .
That is , the higher the graph , the better the Terrans are doing . )
1. August 2006 to November 2006 - 3 - hatch muta to 4 gas
Shinhan Starleague Season 2 - Lee Yun Yeol ( NaDa ) win
Pringles MSL Season 2 - Ma Jae Yoon win
This is the era in which the so - called 3 - hatch - muta control - defiler , the Zerg 's three - legged strategy , is perfected .
There is the incident of Zergs winning 10:0 on Arcadia vs. Terran .
During this era , Zergs follow Ma Jae Yoon 's 3 - hatch muta into 4 gas build .
Terrans have a lot of trouble fighting against the mutalisks and lurkers of a 4 gas Zerg and eventually die to defilers [ note : yes , he means that the 4 gas was complete before Hive ] .
However , Lee Jae Ho ( Light ) successfully secures a win against Zerg on Arcadia and the Terrans start fighting back .
2. December 2006 to March 2007 - Longinus and Reverse Temple , the 1rax cc
Shinhan Starleague Season 3 - Ma Jae Yoon win
GomTV MSL - Kim Taek Yong win
Zergs struggle through the Longinus + Reverse Temple combo .
The Terrans nonchalantly block their entrance and go 1rax cc , sometimes even without a single marine .
During this time , Terrans achieve 71:57 ( 55.47 % ) against Zerg and Ma Jae Yoon records 14 : 9 ( 60.87 % ) .
The Terran trend during this era is a 1rax cc fitted to the favorable maps .
The Terrans ' fast expo allow them to gather marines and medics that much faster , and the mutalisk 's ability to stall time decreased accordingly .
Due to this stall control , Ma Jae Yoon 's 3 - hatch into 4 gas build is destroyed .
As a result , Ma Jae Yoon changes course from a 4 gas Lair to a 3 gas Hive and gives up the Lair timing macro war .
This build works surprisingly well , and this build becomes the norm in ZvT for a while to come .
3. April 2007 to August 2007 - The rolling of the Ball
Daum Starleague - Kim Jun Yeong ( GGPlay ) win
GomTV MSL s2 - Kim Taek Yong ( Bisu ) win
Shinhan Proleague 2007 - Samsung Khan Win
( The upward bulge to the left of the graph includes the wins and losses during the Longinus and Reverse Temple era . )
Zergs utilize Ma Jae Yoon 's 3 gas to Hive build more and more effectively .
The Zergs gain a foothold in the strategic war against the Terrans .
In particular , Kim Jun Yeong , who perfects the strategy of using 3 gas to Hive , stalling with a few Zerglings and Defilers and amassing Ultralisks , wins the Daum Starleague and leads the so - called Ma Jun Dong era .
The wind changes direction at the end of June .
On June 24 , 2007 , Lee Sung Eun ( firebathero ) defeats Ma Jae Yoon in the GomTV MSL s2 RO8 in a BO5 .
3 gas provides the bare minimum gas requirement for Zergs to tech to Hive effectively .
Lee Sung Eun showcases a strategy of fighting skirmishes with the Zerg for map control while keeping his units alive , slowly eating away at the Zerg 's gas .
In this way , he makes it difficult for the Zerg to get 4 gas .
By the time Kim Jun Yeong wins a Starleague in July 2007 , the Terrans had already caught up and their win rate is rather high .
Kim Jun Yeong 's win signifies the last gasp of the 3 gas to Hive build .
September 2007 to February 2008 - Crazy Zerg , 2 - hatch muta
GomTV MSL s3 - Park Sung Gyun ( Mind ) win
EVER Starleague 2007 - Lee Jaedong ( Jaedong ) win
GomTV MSL s4 - Lee Jae Dong win
Bacchus Starleague - Lee Young Ho ( Flash ) win
Considering all past Zerg trends , perhaps the biggest force and impact is made by the Crazy Zerg build .
Looking back since 1999 , arguably no other build has ever decreased the TvZ win rate so much as the Crazy Zerg .
In particular , Blue Storm , practically built for muta harass , helps a lot .
Crazy Zerg is developed as a counter to the Terran Ball after the advent of 3 gas Hive .
Instead of putting gas into Lurkers , Zergs only hatch mutas and zerglings and survive the Lair phase into an explosion of Ultralisks .
Because of mutas and lings , Terrans have a hard time moving out before Vessels .
By the time they gather enough of a force , their marines and medics face Ultralisks sitting in their nat .
And then , the 2 - hatch muta , the so - called 6:30 build , is introduced .
Led by Park Myung Soo and Park Chan Soo , the resurrected 2 - hatch muta build is especially effective on Blue Storm , and even Terrans expecting 2 - hatch muta are obliterated by strong muta control and sometimes even mutas alone are enough to finish off the Terran .
Terrans respond with the so - called 7 - rax build to counter Crazy Zerg .
The idea is to increase the barracks count suddenly to achieve a timing push during the Zerg 's Lair phase when all they have are mutas and lings .
Without Lurkers , Zergs find it impossible to push back an ungodly mass of marines and medics , and eventually , Crazy Zerg dies out .
The greatly effective 2 - hatch muta build , the so - called 6:30 build , does not make it out of Blue Storm .
5. April 2008 to October 2008 - Zerg 's Dark Ages , the Resurrection of 2 - hatch muta
EVER 08 Starleague - Park Sung Jun ( JulyZerg ) win
Incruit Starleague - Song Byung Gu ( Stork ) win
Arena MSL - Park Ji Soo ( forGG ) win
Clubday MSL - Kim Taek Yong win
2008 Shinhan Proleague - Hwaseung win
Besides the fact that the Zergs are in despair , not much can be said during this time .
There are only 86 TvZ's .
One only needs to compare the ZvT stats , 33 - 53 ( 38.37 % ) , to the Longi&ReTem era stats of 44 % to realize just how bad it is .
In particular , Othello 16 : 9 ( 64 % ) and Tiamat 5:0 ( 100 % ) are quite revealing .
The commonality in both these maps is the existence of a close - by 3rd gas expo .
This feature is epitomized in Othello , where you can take a 3rd right after your nat .
This 3rd allows Terrans to quickly expo as well as reduce the route towards the Zerg .
As soon as the Terrans take the third , the distances become shorter , and the Zerg race that relies heavily on mobility faces great pressure .
Other maps that share this feature are Colosseum , Wuthering Heights , and Andromeda .
The popular Terran build at the time is very effective .
For the first half of 2007 and even 2009 today , the 1rax cc and 3 - hatch muta are so - called textbook builds that did not change very much .
The 2008 first half in between these times is no different .
The 1rax cc against the 3 - hatch muta followed by the Ball is the Terran 's reliable build .
From there , variants such as a fast engineering bay into fast upgraded marines makes it even harder for Zergs .
Added to the destruction of the Crazy Zerg strategy that was popular for the latter half of 2007 , the frustration keeps growing .
The first effective response led by Jaedong is the Lurker - first opening .
At the time , Zergs found it hard to deal with Terran 's fast third .
Flipping this logic around , using Lurkers to quickly take a third for Zerg is Lee Jaedong 's Lurker - first strategy .
This sort of strategy is not new .
It was seen in Lee Jaedong vs. Lee Young Ho , on Loki 2 , GomTV MSL s4 RO8 .
Considered by many to be an epic game , Jaedong chooses lurker - first .
Because Loki 2 had easy - to - take 3rds at the center - left and center - right , lurkers could be used to defend this location quickly and secure future gas expos .
But just as this strategy failed in this game , Jaedong 's efforts end in vain .
He is able to secure a few wins , but because the third is so exposed , it is difficult to defend with a small number of lurkers .
In particular , once the Zerg and Terran both take their close 3rds , the rush distance becomes that much closer , forcing Zergs to defend the Terran 's hanbang right in front of the Terran 's base .
As Zergs continue to struggle , August 10 , 2008 draws near .
Though not counted by KeSPA , an extremely important game is played on that day .
It is the TG - Sambo Intel Classic Season 1 finals between Jaedong and Flash .
In this series , Jaedong beats Flash 3:0 .
Considering the turmoil that Zergs have been going through , this result is remarkable , all the more because the first match is played on Othello's 16 : 9 TvZ .
Jaedong 's 3:0 hinges on the 2 - hatch muta .
The 2 - hatch muta during this era is a response to 1rax cc. A major weakness that plagued the 2 - hatch muta ever since its inception was its absence of an early game army .
One could only defend with speedlings , but marines and medics are hard to defend against without sunkens .
With an early cc , Terrans are forced to delay the academy and extra barracks , delaying their marine and medic timing .
As a result , the 2 - hatch muta becomes macro- intensive much sooner than before .
Consequently , a Terran going 1rax cc has to endure a long period of muta harass before Vessels kick in .
In the past , maps such as Blue Storm that allowed easy SCV kills attracted the 2 - hatch muta build .
Nowadays , the 2 - hatch muta build is a textbook build for many maps .
In particular , since October , maps such as Medusa , Destination , Chupungryeong , Harmony , etc. come with easy - to - muta - harass ledges and feature gas expos not near the center of the map but off to the side .
These factors help the Zergs strike back .
Batoo Starleague - Lee Jaedong win
Lost Saga MSL - Park Chan Soo win
Winners League 08-09 Proleague 4th Round
In this way , the TvZ win rate slowly decreases .
August is a turning point , at 5:5 , and the trend continues to close to 40 % .
This trend starts disappearing from October 17 until suddenly , in December , Terrans start winning like crazy .
It is the rediscovery of the mechanic build .
October 17 marks the date of Fantasy vs. GGPlay , Incruit Starleague RO4 .
Here , the so - called Val-iath , or iloveoov - style mechanic strategy , comes about , a combination of valkyries and traditional mech units rediscovered by Fantasy .
This trend is realized but stopped fairly soon .
However , late November , Shin Hee Seung ( Upmagic ) introduces his own style of mech play and achieves a 9 - 1 record against Zergs .
This style becomes the ' New Hope for Terran ' and the TvZ win rate skyrockets .
The mech play during this era is due a rediscovery of vulture spider mines and valkyries .
Range - upgraded goliaths and valkyries efficiently shut down the mutalisk card while endless harass using cheap vultures throughout the game cooks the ire of Zerg and also observing Protoss players .
This mech era meets its end in the February of 2009 , but no strategic trend has had as much of a major impact on the match up as Crazy Zerg and this mechanic play .
Nonetheless , this mechanic play is slowly evolving into Vionic ( Valkyrie + Bionic ) play .
Recently , all maps come out favorable to muta harass .
In such maps , 1rax cc openings get eaten alive by 2 - hatch muta .
In particular , during the Winners League finals , Jaedong vs. Iris , the fast mutas on Sin Chupungryeong indicate just how weak 1rax cc has gotten .
Due to that reason , the current trend is to annul the early muta threat using Valkyries and build up a marine medic army afterwards .
In particular , with the power of Valkyries , the 2 fact build that disappeared after the discovery of clumped muta control is resurging , and the Terrans are starting to strike back .
But still , the 2 - hatch build is viable and TvZ seems to be at a 5:5 standstill for now .
I think a lot of edits can still be made to this article .
I appreciate your helpful feedback .
- By Kim Yeon Woo ( elcarim )
Translator 's notes :
1 ) I found it unclear what the author meant by 3 gas Hive during Ma Jae Yoon 's era that ended with Kim Jun Yeong 's Starleague win , because the 3 gas muta to Hive build is still being used today .
It might be either a 3 gas Hive rush , which Ma Jae Yoon was fond of doing , or simply the same build as today used on less favorable maps ( Longi + ReTem era ) .
2 ) Some people mentioned Queens .
The vibe I was getting from the author was that he only included skeletal , essential builds that greatly influenced the game .
For example , 2 hatch muta is worlds apart from 3 hatch muta .
Games Jaedong won against Flash during the GomTV finals might NOT have been possible without 2 hatch muta .
However , it is arguable that games won with Queens could have been won without them , in the form of an extra Lurker or two .
Also , Queens were not responsible for the surge in ZvT wins during that era ( early 2009 ) -- it was the 2 - hatch muta variations that countered mech and bionic builds alike .
I believe the author wanted to point out that 2 - hatch was the emergent trend .
The graph above shows the balance between Terran and Zerg starting from the dynasty of Bonjwa Ma Jae Yoon ( sAviOr ) to today .
At first glance , one can conclude that the two races simply had their transient moments of dominance , hacking away at each other to and fro .
However , if you think of the era , the players representing that era , and the strategies representing that era , you can put meaning to every detail in this graph .
writing is based on analyzing this graph and recovering the trends in strategies in TvZ and ZvT . ( *
Note :
The graph shows TvZ winrate .
That is , the higher the graph , the better the Terrans are doing . )
Shinhan Starleague Season 2 - Lee Yun Yeol ( NaDa ) winPringles MSL Season 2 - Ma Jae
Yoon winThis is the era in which the so - called 3 - hatch - muta control - defiler , the Zerg 's three - legged strategy , is perfected .
There is the incident of Zergs winning 10:0 on Arcadia vs. Terran .
During this era , Zergs follow Ma Jae Yoon 's 3 - hatch muta into 4 gas build .
Terrans have a lot of trouble fighting against the mutalisks and lurkers of a 4 gas Zerg and eventually die to defilers [ ] .
However , Lee Jae Ho ( Light ) successfully secures a win against Zerg on Arcadia and the Terrans start fighting back .
Shinhan Starleague Season 3 - Ma Jae
Yoon winGomTV MSL - Kim Taek Yong winZergs struggle through the Longinus + Reverse Temple combo .
The Terrans nonchalantly block their entrance and go 1rax cc , sometimes even without a single marine .
During this time , Terrans achieve 71:57 ( 55.47 % ) against Zerg and Ma Jae Yoon records 14 : 9 ( 60.87 % ) .
The Terran trend during this era is a 1rax cc fitted to the favorable maps .
The Terrans ' fast expo allow them to gather marines and medics that much faster , and the mutalisk 's ability to stall time decreased accordingly .
Due to this stall control , Ma Jae Yoon 's 3 - hatch into 4 gas build is destroyed .
As a result , Ma Jae Yoon changes course from a 4 gas Lair to a 3 gas Hive and gives up the Lair timing macro war .
This build works surprisingly well , and this build becomes the norm in ZvT for a while to come .
Daum Starleague - Kim Jun Yeong ( GGPlay ) winGomTV MSL s2 - Kim Taek Yong ( Bisu ) winShinhan Proleague 2007 - Samsung Khan Win( The upward bulge to the left of the graph includes the wins and losses during the Longinus and Reverse Temple era. ) Zergs utilize Ma Jae Yoon 's 3 gas to Hive build more and more effectively .
The Zergs gain a foothold in the strategic war against the Terrans .
In particular , Kim Jun Yeong , who perfects the strategy of using 3 gas to Hive , stalling with a few Zerglings and Defilers and amassing Ultralisks , wins the Daum Starleague and leads the so - called Ma Jun Dong era .
The wind changes direction at the end of June .
On June 24 , 2007 , Lee Sung Eun ( firebathero ) defeats Ma Jae Yoon in the GomTV MSL s2 RO8 in a BO5 .
3 gas provides the bare minimum gas requirement for Zergs to tech to Hive effectively .
Lee Sung Eun showcases a strategy of fighting skirmishes with the Zerg for map control while keeping his units alive , slowly eating away at the Zerg 's gas .
In this way , he makes it difficult for the Zerg to get 4 gas .
By the time Kim Jun Yeong wins a Starleague in July 2007 , the Terrans had already caught up and their win rate is rather high .
Kim Jun Yeong 's win signifies the last gasp of the 3 gas to Hive build .
GomTV MSL s3 - Park Sung Gyun ( Mind ) winEVER Starleague 2007 - Lee Jaedong ( Jaedong ) winGomTV MSL s4 - Lee Jae Dong winBacchus Starleague - Lee Young Ho ( Flash ) winConsidering all past Zerg trends , perhaps the biggest force and impact is made by the Crazy Zerg build .
Looking back since 1999 , arguably no other build has ever decreased the TvZ win rate so much as the Crazy Zerg .
In particular , Blue Storm , practically built for muta harass , helps a lot .
Crazy Zerg is developed as a counter to the Terran Ball after the advent of 3 gas Hive .
Instead of putting gas into Lurkers , Zergs only hatch mutas and zerglings and survive the Lair phase into an explosion of Ultralisks .
Because of mutas and lings , Terrans have a hard time moving out before Vessels .
By the time they gather enough of a force , their marines and medics face Ultralisks sitting in their nat .
And then , the 2 - hatch muta , the so - called 6:30 build , is introduced .
Led by Park Myung Soo and Park Chan Soo , the resurrected 2 - hatch muta build is especially effective on Blue Storm , and even Terrans expecting 2 - hatch muta are obliterated by strong muta control and sometimes even mutas alone are enough to finish off the Terran .
Terrans respond with the so - called 7 - rax build to counter Crazy Zerg .
The idea is to increase the barracks count suddenly to achieve a timing push during the Zerg 's Lair phase when all they have are mutas and lings .
Without Lurkers , Zergs find it impossible to push back an ungodly mass of marines and medics , and eventually , Crazy Zerg dies out .
The greatly effective 2 - hatch muta build , the so - called 6:30 build , does not make it out of Blue Storm .
EVER 08 Starleague - Park Sung Jun ( JulyZerg ) winIncruit Starleague - Song Byung Gu ( Stork ) winArena MSL - Park Ji Soo ( forGG ) winClubday MSL - Kim Taek Yong win2008 Shinhan Proleague - Hwaseung winBesides the fact that the Zergs are in despair , not much can be said during this time .
There are only 86 TvZ's .
One only needs to compare the ZvT stats , 33 - 53 ( 38.37 % ) , to the Longi&ReTem era stats of 44 % to realize just how bad it is .
In particular , Othello 16 : 9 ( 64 % ) and Tiamat 5:0 ( 100 % ) are quite revealing .
The commonality in both these maps is the existence of a close - by 3rd gas expo .
This feature is epitomized in Othello , where you can take a 3rd right after your nat .
This 3rd allows Terrans to quickly expo as well as reduce the route towards the Zerg .
As soon as the Terrans take the third , the distances become shorter , and the Zerg race that relies heavily on mobility faces great pressure .
Other maps that share this feature are Colosseum , Wuthering Heights , and Andromeda .
The popular Terran build at the time is very effective .
For the first half of 2007 and even 2009 today , the 1rax cc and 3 - hatch muta are so - called textbook builds that did not change very much .
The 2008 first half in between these times is no different .
The 1rax cc against the 3 - hatch muta followed by the Ball is the Terran 's reliable build .
From there , variants such as a fast engineering bay into fast upgraded marines makes it even harder for Zergs .
Added to the destruction of the Crazy Zerg strategy that was popular for the latter half of 2007 , the frustration keeps growing .
The first effective response led by Jaedong is the Lurker - first opening .
At the time , Zergs found it hard to deal with Terran 's fast third .
Flipping this logic around , using Lurkers to quickly take a third for Zerg is Lee Jaedong 's Lurker - first strategy .
This sort of strategy is not new .
It was seen in Lee Jaedong vs. Lee Young Ho , on Loki 2 , GomTV MSL s4 RO8 .
Considered by many to be an epic game , Jaedong chooses lurker - first .
Because Loki 2 had easy - to - take 3rds at the center - left and center - right , lurkers could be used to defend this location quickly and secure future gas expos .
But just as this strategy failed in this game , Jaedong 's efforts end in vain .
He is able to secure a few wins , but because the third is so exposed , it is difficult to defend with a small number of lurkers .
In particular , once the Zerg and Terran both take their close 3rds , the rush distance becomes that much closer , forcing Zergs to defend the Terran 's hanbang right in front of the Terran 's base .
As Zergs continue to struggle , August 10 , 2008 draws near .
Though not counted by KeSPA , an extremely important game is played on that day .
It is the TG - Sambo Intel Classic Season 1 finals between Jaedong and Flash .
In this series , Jaedong beats Flash 3:0 .
Considering the turmoil that Zergs have been going through , this result is remarkable , all the more because the first match is played on Othello's 16 : 9 TvZ.
Jaedong 's 3:0 hinges on the 2 - hatch muta .
The 2 - hatch muta during this era is a response to 1rax cc. A major weakness that plagued the 2 - hatch muta ever since its inception was its absence of an early game army .
One could only defend with speedlings , but marines and medics are hard to defend against without sunkens .
With an early cc , Terrans are forced to delay the academy and extra barracks , delaying their marine and medic timing .
As a result , the 2 - hatch muta becomes macro- intensive much sooner than before .
Consequently , a Terran going 1rax cc has to endure a long period of muta harass before Vessels kick in .
In the past , maps such as Blue Storm that allowed easy SCV kills attracted the 2 - hatch muta build .
Nowadays , the 2 - hatch muta build is a textbook build for many maps .
In particular , since October , maps such as Medusa , Destination , Chupungryeong , Harmony , etc. come with easy - to - muta - harass ledges and feature gas expos not near the center of the map but off to the side .
These factors help the Zergs strike back .
Batoo Starleague - Lee Jaedong winLost Saga MSL - Park Chan Soo winWinners League 08-09 Proleague 4th RoundIn this way , the TvZ win rate slowly decreases .
August is a turning point , at 5:5 , and the trend continues to close to 40 % .
This trend starts disappearing from October 17 until suddenly , in December , Terrans start winning like crazy .
It is the rediscovery of the mechanic build .
October 17 marks the date of Fantasy vs. GGPlay , Incruit Starleague RO4 .
Here , the so - called Val-iath , or iloveoov - style mechanic strategy , comes about , a combination of valkyries and traditional mech units rediscovered by Fantasy .
This trend is realized but stopped fairly soon .
However , late November , Shin Hee Seung ( Upmagic ) introduces his own style of mech play and achieves a 9 - 1 record against Zergs .
This style becomes the ' New Hope for Terran ' and the TvZ win rate skyrockets .
The mech play during this era is due a rediscovery of vulture spider mines and valkyries .
Range - upgraded goliaths and valkyries efficiently shut down the mutalisk card while endless harass using cheap vultures throughout the game cooks the ire of Zerg and also observing Protoss players .
This mech era meets its end in the February of 2009 , but no strategic trend has had as much of a major impact on the match up as Crazy Zerg and this mechanic play .
Nonetheless , this mechanic play is slowly evolving into Vionic ( Valkyrie + Bionic ) play .
Recently , all maps come out favorable to muta harass .
In such maps , 1rax cc openings get eaten alive by 2 - hatch muta .
In particular , during the Winners League finals , Jaedong vs. Iris , the fast mutas on Sin Chupungryeong indicate just how weak 1rax cc has gotten .
Due to that reason , the current trend is to annul the early muta threat using Valkyries and build up a marine medic army afterwards .
In particular , with the power of Valkyries , the 2 fact build that disappeared after the discovery of clumped muta control is resurging , and the Terrans are starting to strike back .
But still , the 2 - hatch build is viable and TvZ seems to be at a 5:5 standstill for now .
I think a lot of edits can still be made to this article .
I appreciate your helpful feedback .- By Kim Yeon Woo ( elcarim ) Translator 's notes :1 ) I found it unclear what the author meant by 3 gas Hive during Ma Jae Yoon 's era that ended with Kim Jun Yeong 's Starleague win , because the 3 gas muta to Hive build is still being used today .
It might be either a 3 gas Hive , which Ma Jae Yoon was fond of doing , or simply the same build as today used on less favorable maps ( Longi+ReTem era ) .
2 ) Some people mentioned Queens .
The vibe I was getting from the author was that he only included skeletal , essential builds that greatly influenced the game .
For example , 2 hatch muta is worlds apart from 3 hatch muta .
Games Jaedong won against Flash during the GomTV finals might NOT have been possible without 2 hatch muta .
However , it is arguable that games won with Queenshave been won without them , in the form of an extra Lurker or two .
Also , Queens were not responsible for the surge in ZvT wins during that era ( early 2009 ) -- it was the 2 - hatch muta variations that countered mech and bionic builds alike .
I believe the author wanted to point out that 2 - hatch was the emergent trend .
Ars longa , vita brevis , principia aeturna .
In benchmarks passion ( see my two previous posts ) I managed to setup all three devices ( RAID was on board ; Intel X25 - E SSD connected to HighPoint controller , FusionIO card ) on our working horse Dell PowerEdge R900 ( btw , to do that I had to switch from CentOS 5.2 to Ubuntu 8.10 , as CentOS was not able to start with attached SSD card to HighPoint controller ) and along with other tests I ran tpcc - like IO - bound workload on all devices .
For tests I used MySQL 5.4 / InnoDB , and all other parameters are the same from previous posts ( 100W , buffer_pool 3GB ) .
Filesystem – XFS mounted with nobarrier option .
Graphical results are here
and average results :
RAID10 – 7439.850 TPM
SSD – 10681.050 TPM
FusionIO – 17372.250 TPM
However what should be noted – both SSD and FusionIO are run in “ non-durable ” mode , that is you may lose some transactions in case of power outage ( see my post https://www.percona.com/blog/2009/03/02/ssd-xfs-lvm-fsync-write-cache-barrier-and-lost-transactions/).
While results for SSD ( note it is single device , in comparison to RAID 10 on 8 disks ) and FusionIO are impressive , it is worth to consider price / performance parameter .
Here is my very rough calculation :
For RAID 10 we use 8 73GB SAS 2.5 ″ 15 K RPM disks , with price 190 $ per disks it gives us 1520 $ for 292GB useful space , or ~ 5.2 $ per GB .
For SSD I can get 32 GB card for 390 $ , which is ~ 12.1 $ per GB
For FusionIO
I really not sure what is price ( it was given as only for tests ) , but quick googling gave me 30 $ per GB , so for 160 GB card gives 4800 $ .
Now simple dividing TPM on price of IO system , we have
RAID 10 – 4.8 TPM / $
SSD – 27 TPM / $
FusionIO – 3.6 TPM / $
Please note that price of transaction is not the main criteria to consider , as total TCO for systems with SSD may be much cheaper ( considering you need less servers , less space , less power ) .
Also worth to consider that SSD is only 32 GB space and to have the same space as FusionIO we need 4 cards ( but it still will be cheaper than FusionIO ) , but it also may improve performance as such setup will be able to handle IO requests in parallel .
The first phase is expected to see Google launch a music download store , which is directly linked to its search engine .
This would be an “ interim step ” , according to the report ’s sources , on the way to a “ more ambitious cloud - based music subscription service compatible with mobile phones built with Google ’s Android software ” .
An experimental " hyperspectral " spy sat which is able to detect buried roadside bombs and concealed cave or tunnel entrances has been handed over to the US forces for operational use in the Wars on Stuff .
Hyperspectral cube gobbler from outer space .
The TacSat - 3 was launched aboard a Minotaur - 1 rocket along with several other small satellites from Wallops Island , Virginia , in May 2009 .
The TacSat was designed to prove the US concept of " operationally responsive space " , where a military user can make a request and a small inexpensive satellite can be in a suitable orbit within days rather than months or years .
Thus the TacSat is designed to be fitted with a variety of different payloads as required by an operational commander .
TacSat - 3 , as a prototype , carried one in particular known as the Advanced Responsive Tactically Effective Military Imaging Spectrometer , or ARTEMIS .
This is a " hyperspectral " sensor able to detect not just visible light but infrared and ultraviolet as well .
The idea of hyperspectral sensing is not , however , merely to " see " in the usual sense of optical telescopes , infrared nightscopes and / or thermal imagers .
This kind of detection is used on spy satellites and other surveillance systems , but it suffers from the so - called " drinking straw effect " - that is , you can only view a small area in enough detail to pick out information of interest .
It 's impossible to cover an entire nation or region in any length of time by such means ; you have to know where to look in advance .
Hyperspectral imaging works differently .
It 's based on the same principle as the spectrometry used in astronomy and other scientific fields - that some classes of objects and substances will emit a unique set of wavelengths when stimulated by energy .
In this case , everything on the surface below the satellite is being stimulated by sunlight to emit its unique spectral fingerprint .
Remember back in 87 ’ when you where looking at your little brother or sister ’s crazy looking Cabbage Patch Kids doll and George Michael ’s song “ Faith ” was near the top of the charts because he was all about the ladies .
Michael Jackson was the king of pop with “ Bad ” , then you got the game that changed your world , The Legend of Zelda .
It made you feel like a real hero and you played as Link to save the princess .
3D Dot Game
Heroes makes you feel how you did when you played that game , this is a homage to that great game .
With good looking graphics and game play with a very good sound track and great sound that makes you feel like a lone hero that will save the world from evil .
3D dot game heroes will look like a game that might be fun or maybe as a rental , but I say no .
This game is a fun , must - buy game .
Atlus did a really good job of making a fun game with a great sound and feel with the controls which work really well on the PS3 .
This is how all the other Zelda open world games play , you can do any quest you want and run around looking for items or just grinding to get more “ G ” to upgrade your sword , or purchase that better shield , to get a bigger bomb bag or arrow quill , in this game grinding really does not take that long once you can get to a couple of real good money spots .
So playing this game on the PS3 controls works really well compared to the old days of a “ D ” pad and two buttons .
One thing that they did well with the controls is the swing attack that you can perform on enemies , which I will talk to about more in detail in a few .
The Story of 3D Dot Game Heroes is the evil Dark King ONYX brought on an age of darkness on the small world of Dotnia and the kingdom needed a hero to fight King Onyx .
So a hero took the legendary sword and fought Onyx to seal him in an orb and bring peace to the world .
Because he brought peace every one came to visit .
The town flush with wealth until one day it started to get boring and the hero went into the forest and hid the sword for if one day someone in the future will need it , if evil should escape .
And instead of just reading all of this you get to play it a bit too which is fun and gives you a feel on how to play the game and is pretty much a little tutorial on how to fight with your hero .
Then one day the king noticed that not that many people have not been visiting the town or the world and he makes everything 3D , which is a nice looking change , and then calls you to see him because you are a scribe that has traveled the world and everyone else could n’t find the sword .
Then you will go right to where the last hero dropped off the sword and find a friend that will help you with your quest to fight the Dark king Onyx and find the princess that went out to try and fight the Dark King .
The writing of the story is funny and will make fun of itself , and is an easy story to follow nothing really that hard to understand .
This is something great for all ages to play with , so you Dads / Moms and Uncles / Aunts can show your younger kids how we used to play games and even though there are some jokes that they might not understand , it ’s something we had to deal with growing up .
There are a lot of jokes about development of games and RPG ’s which in just reading it will put a smile to your face .
So the story will not be the best story written but its funny and easy to understand .
On the graphics you will see in the game that sets itself apart from any game that is out there right now .
The colors of the game look good and you can easily tell apart what items are and how it they look different .
Creatures have their own look that will separate themselves from the area you are in and who is friend or foe .
Plus finding caves are not hard to tell where are the cracks are in the wall , the water in this game looks good when you are walking by the ocean and will give off a nice looking shine or move really well , which works great with this engine .
Old 2D 8 bit and 16 bit game sprites had their own look back in the day and they look the same in this game but the 3D effect and how they design them are really cool .
Where they would be a different color pixel they are now in this game a 3D little cube which stack together make the creature or hero .
Another thing I like about this game is that you can create your own hero , and they have a lot of different templates you can already use but creating your own hero will take some time .
The design process of making your own hero will take a couple of steps , the easiest way is to try and design it as a 2D and then add on to the 3D effect .
You will have to make up not only the way he looks but you will have to design him / her or whatever again but with your walk animation and two more times for how they will attack .
Do n’t think this is super hard or anything , it just takes a bit of time because you are laying the building blocks .
Try drawing it on a piece of paper then put it on screen , Atlus is now running a contest where you can win Amazon game credits for who designs the best looking character .
Also when you play the game and each time you stop or exit the game when you load it back up you can pick your character again or go with a different one .
After you design your character you can copy them to a flash drive and share with your friends and something I was wanting from Atlus you can upload it to a server on Atlus web site and share your work with others who are playing the game .
Which I think is going to be cool to see what people are making or to just show off what that you can do .
Again game play is really fun I did not find any bugs in this game just playing it but I was not trying too hard to break it .
You will have the attack button and your second attack such as a bow and arrow , or your magic that you earn from completing a dungeon .
Even though you have a shield you character will not use it unless you hold down a button but that will slow down your movement but the nice thing I like about it is that it will block attacks that come from all sides even if you are not facing the enemy .
At first playing this game I really enjoyed it but was thinking that it is a very easy game and was going to dock it a bit for how easy it was to play but about after I beat my third dungeon I saw how they game is getting hard to play and stronger creatures are on the screen .
So to talk about the fighting when you attack with your sword you can have the chance to do a half swing left or right which if you have a screen of creatures coming at you , you can take out a lot of them in one swing .
When you upgrade your sword , on some swords will give you the ability to do a full 360 degree swing which helps a lot .
Your sword will do a normal attack when you are not full health but you do n’t have hearts you have apples so when you are full apples you can do your special attack which is the sword will cover about 2/3 ’s of the screen .
Also you will get a better chance of doing a critical attack , which doing this power attack will look funny running around swings this giant sword and even though this may sound like it makes the game super easy it does n’t they can still come in to hurt you .
So I really like this game a lot and I think that if you like the classic adventure game that is fun and funny to play .
3D dot game heroes is well worth it its only 40 bucks that will keep you busy for more than most games that are only nine hours .
So pick this game up have some fun with the hero creator and think back to when we did n’t have jobs or bills and just enjoy yourself .
While the males of a jumping spider species merely threaten and posture instead of actually fighting each other , fights among females are often fatal .
Scientists have termed their willingness to fight to the death , the “ desperado effect , ” and they think it ’s rather neatly explained by the natural history of the species , Phidippus clarus .
Nomadic males regularly encounter one another in the quest for receptive mates , but the females tend to stick close to a nest , which they need to survive their molting maturation process and to lay their eggs .
When they encounter another female , the researchers argue , they have to win the fight or their ability to reproduce will be compromised .
“ The bottom line is when you look at the fights between males , they are highly ritualized and the spiders rarely get injured , ” said behavioral ecologist Carlos Botero of the National Evolutionary Synthesis Center in Durham , North Carolina .
“ If you look at females , they have few signals , are very intense , and almost every single fight , one of them dies or gets severely injured . ”
Most spider - fighting research has examined the behavior of males competing for mates .
The new work , published in the journal of Behavioral Ecology June 4 , is one of a small set of studies that has started to look at female fighting behavior .
“ When you look at most animal systems , the males are the ones doing the ritualized displays , ” said biologist Eileen Hebets of the University of Nebraska .
“ Males are the ones with the extravagant ornaments . ”
And , to a certain extent , it makes scientific sense to focus on the males ’ behavior .
While the results in the specific Phidippus clarus case may hold , it ’s unclear how far they can be generalized .
Hebets said that in many spider systems , the females do n’t really fight very often .
If you take two females and put them into a laboratory setting , it may create an entirely unnatural encounter with little biological significance .
“ If you put two predators in a small enough space , they are certainly going to attack each other , ” Hebets said .
She thought the most interesting part of the paper was the suggestion that a hormone responsible for the spider ’s molting and growing to their adult bodies may also make the females more aggressive the closer they get to their transformation .
“ There is work that shows a correlation between hormone levels and cannibalism in spiders , ” Hebets said .
“ So that link is known to be there , and it is also involved in molting . ”
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal ’s Twitter , Tumblr , and forthcoming book on the history of green technology ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .
BP has purchased sponsored links that appear at the top of Google and Yahoo 's search results for terms like " oil spill " in its attempts to improve its public image in the wake of its massive oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
BP 's PR problems are severe .
U.S. President Barack Obama said this morning that he 's talking to experts so he can determine " whose ass to kick . "
The outrage has been particularly clear on the web , where a fake Twitter account was set up to mock BP 's PR efforts , and nearly half a million Facebook users have rallied behind " boycott BP " pages .
One design firm even put together a Firefox extension that blots out all the web 's mentions of BP with oil stains .
Companies buy sponsored links ( which are clearly labeled as such ) at the top of search results so their side of the story is the first a member of the public sees when he or she searches for information .
The links at the top of the Yahoo and Google results link to BP 's " Gulf of Mexico Response " page , which hosts articles and videos explaining how BP is trying to resolve the environmental crisis .
The satirical BP Twitter account is running wild with this news , publishing mock tweets like " We 're paying Google a lot of money to make sure you only have access to the best possible info on the oil spill : our info , " and , " By the way , we made it so if you google image search " oil spill " or " bp " you 'll see some great celeb sideboob pics .
# bpcares . "
For more social media coverage , follow Mashable Social Media on Twitter or become a fan on Facebook
C : The Complete Nonsense
Revised for the 4th Edition
Last revision : January 13th , 2018
Introduction
Back in 1996 , having heard horror stories about Herbert Schildt 's C : The Complete Reference , I decided to check it out .
I flipped the book open ; I found glaring errors .
I paged through it .
I found more glaring errors .
In short , the book had lived up to the hype ; it was awful .
Being a pedantic sort , and having just recently started having a web site , I wrote about it , in the previous version of this page .
Time passed .
People forgot about it .
A 4th edition of the book came out ( back in 2000 ) , but I did n't even know this .
Until , more recently , I started hearing queries and concerns .
My half - baked page , thrown together in an afternoon , had become the topic of Fearsome Disputes .
People were arguing over whether it was any good .
Worse , people were arguing that the flaws ( and there are some , certainly ) in my web page somehow showed that the book was n't utter crap .
Well , it is .
And the 4th edition , while it fixes some of the errors reported ( including the infamous void main which Schildt long defended as not being an error ) , preserves some , introduces others , and continues to be an exceptionally bad book .
I am no longer some random guy who likes C. I spent about a decade on the C committee — and unlike Schildt , I actually showed up , submitted papers and proposals , worked to resolve defects , and otherwise contributed to the process .
I am no longer the mildly autistic kid who had never really studied writing or communication ; I 'm now a mildly autistic adult with years of experience writing and communicating , including experience writing publishable material .
So if people want a better - written page on the topic , well , I 'm willing to provide one .
Readers may also appreciate Clive Feather 's very helpful review of Schildt 's The Annotated ANSI C Standard , which also illustrates that Schildt does not seem to have a good grasp on the C language .
Contents :
The previous version of this page made no mention of editions , but was based on the 3rd edition of C:TCR .
This page is based primarily on the 4th edition , but I have my copy of the 3rd edition ( complete with my receipt , from January of 1996 ) around for comparisons ; in some cases , the comparisons cast light on the origins or nature of some of the errors .
There are two reasons this matters .
One is that I 've been criticized for not pointing out which edition I was criticizing .
( One prominent critic insisted that it was the first edition , despite the clear impossibility of the claim . )
The second is that the criticisms you are about to read are not merely criticisms of someone 's rough draft .
They are criticisms of code ( or writing ) which may well have been revised two or three times .
In comp.lang .c , some recent discussions of this led to an observation .
Flip C:TCR open to a random page .
You will probably find an error .
This game is easier with the 2nd and 3rd editions , because of the prevalence of the incorrect void return type for main ( ) , but even in the fourth edition , there 's plenty of room for fun .
I 've sorted these in numerical order .
While some of these ( pages 259 , 264 , 455 , and 463 ) were picked by randomly flipping the book open , other pages were picked because I came across them while looking up Schildt 's coverage of a particular issue .
Here 's a fairly typical example of the kind of thing you get wrong if you do n't have much real experience with portability :
As bits are shifted off one end , zeroes are brought in the other end .
( In the case of a signed , negative integer , a right shift will cause a 1 to be brought in so that the sign bit is preserved . )
Clear , lucid , but not actually true .
What happens when you right - shift a signed , negative number , is " implementation - defined " ( C99 , 6.5.7 , paragraph 5 ) ; that is to say , the implementation has to document what happens .
While the behavior Schildt describes is one of the common choices , other systems have been known to shift in zeroes .
There may be other behaviors out there .
This ties in somewhat with Schildt 's comments about the use of two 's complement representations , where the behavior he describes is common but not actually required .
Here 's what I found the first time I tried flipping the 4th edition book to a random page .
This is page 259 in the 4th edition , or 251 in the 3rd edition .
( The only difference between them is the declaration for main . )
The following program uses freopen ( ) to redirect stdout to a file called OUTPUT : #include < stdio.h > int main ( void ) { char str [ 80 ] ; freopen ( " OUTPUT " , " w " , stdout ) ; printf ( " Enter a string : " ) ; gets ( str ) ; printf ( str ) ; return 0 ; } In general , redirecting the standard streams by using freopen ( ) is useful in special situations , such as debugging .
However , performing disk I/O using redirected stdin and stdout is not as efficient as using functions like fread ( ) and fwrite ( ) .
So , what 's wrong with that , you ask ?
Here 's a list .
I do not promise that I caught everything .
The printf command does not send a newline , nor is the stream flushed .
On many systems , doing this to the console would not display the prompt until some later point .
( See Newlines and Output . )
For that matter , the file was opened in text mode , not binary mode .
In text mode , you may have to provide a newline at the end of your output ; since it is permissible for an implementation to require this , you should always do it , especially in sample programs in a book purporting to teach C. The gets ( ) function is dangerous , and should never be used ; it has no provision for preventing input data from overrunning the buffer given to it .
( This may seem " harmless " , but a reference book should not illustrate such bad habits . )
Schildt acknowledges the dangers elsewhere in the book , but uses it anyway .
( Note that gets ( ) is officially deprecated , as of Technical Corrigendum 3 to C99 ; it 's not even present in the C201X drafts anymore . )
The gets ( ) function strips the newline from a line of input ; however , printf ( ) does not add one , so the line printed by printf ( ) will be missing its newline .
For that matter , it 's incredibly dangerous to pass an arbitrary string as the first parameter to printf -- if the user happens to enter something like %s somewhere in the string , your program is likely to behave unexpectedly , or crash .
So that should have been printf ( " %s " , str ) or more likely puts ( str ) .
No error check on freopen ( ) .
The first item in this list was misleading .
See , I implied that the prompt would have gone to the console , assuming that freopen ( ) succeeded .
Of course , it would n't ; it would have gone to the just - opened file " OUTPUT " instead .
The comment about using stdin and stdout being " less efficient " has no particular basis in reality .
It 's not even coherent ; you can use fread ( ) and fwrite ( ) with those streams ; the presented dichotomy between redirected standard streams and the other file I / O functions is not a real dichotomy .
It 's like saying that using int is n't as efficient as using + and - .
What this tells you is that this code was never actually tried ; printing the prompt is incoherent after the freopen ( ) , and the mismatch between input and output would have been caught by even casual testing .
This is an atrocious example .
This should never have been written , let alone made it past whatever presumed technical review might have happened .
Another " let 's just flip the book open and see what we get " .
This example also occurred in the 3rd edition on page 262 , although it was n't quite the same .
[...]
In this way , if you need to change the size of the array , you will need to change only the #define statement and then recompile your program .
For example : # define MAX_SIZE 100 /* ... */ float balance [ MAX_SIZE ] ; /* ... */ for ( i=0 ; i< MAX_SIZE ; i++) printf ( " %f " , balance [ i ] ) ; /* ... */ for ( i=0 ; i< MAX_SIZE ; i++) x =+ balance [ i ] ;
The last line of this example is new in the fourth edition .
So , what 's wrong with this one ?
The printf loop has no newlines or spaces , so all the numbers would be run together .
Not a huge problem with the code as such , but certainly a shoddy bit of work .
Usually , when the size of an array is called MAX_SIZE , that implies that the actual size may well be some smaller value .
This is a nitpick ; we could reasonably assume that the implication is that the whole array has been initialized .
There has n't been an =+ operator in C since the 1970s .
You might think the =+ would n't compile , but in fact , it will .
C89 standardized the " unary + " operator , which exists only for symmetry with a leading - used on negative numbers .
Thus , this is equivalent to x = + balance [ i ] which is in turn equivalent to x = balance [ i ] , so the last loop is precisely equivalent to the non-loop statement x = balance [ MAX_SIZE - 1 ] ; ( at least , assuming that x is n't volatile ... ) .
Oops .
Again , this kind of stuff should never have made it past any kind of review .
Page 264 , again .
While looking for the previous example in the 3rd edition , I happened to look at the example after it .
This is on page 264-265 of the 4th edition , and 262-263 of the 3rd edition .
This form of a macro is called a function - like macro .
For example : #include < stdio.h > # define ABS( a ) ( a ) < 0 ? - ( a ) : ( a ) int main ( void ) { printf ( " abs of - 1 and 1 : %d %d " , ABS ( - 1 ) , ABS ( 1 ) ) ; return 0 ; } When this program is compiled , a in the macro definition will be substituted with the values - 1 and 1 .
The parentheses that enclose a ensure proper substitution in all cases .
For example , if the parentheses around a were removed , this expression ABS ( 10 - 20 ) would be converted to 10 - 20 < 0 ?
- 10 -20 : 10 - 20 after macro replacement and would yield the wrong result .
Ahh , Mr. Schildt .
So close , and yet , so far .
Here 's a little thought experiment :
printf ( " ABS ( - 3 ) - 1 ) : %d
" , ABS ( - 3 ) - 1 ) ;
See how that works ?
( It prints 3 , not 2 . ) Schildt forgot the most important part of parenthesizing a function - like macro ; you must parenthesize the entire definition .
He had a great opportunity here to cover the reasons for both parentheses around the entire definition , and parentheses around each individual macro argument .
He missed it , instead claiming that the partial solution worked correctly " in all cases " , which it does not .
He also had a great opportunity to point out that ABS ( x++ ) would be inadvisable , as it would increment x twice .
Again , this is stuff which someone explaining macros really ought to cover , and it gets ignored .
Page 314
In the 3rd edition ( page 298 ) , the description of fflush ( ) was just plain wrong ; it made the claim that fflush ( ) on an input stream flushed buffers .
( There exist systems where this is true , but it 's not a language feature . )
In the 4th edition , it 's perhaps been improved some :
If stream is associated with a file opened for writing , a call to fflush ( ) causes the contents of the output buffer to be physically written to the file .
The file remains open .
There 's a couple of questionable bits here , although they 're arcane enough that you might reasonably call them nitpicks .
Streams in C can be opened for reading , writing , or " update " — both reading and writing .
You can safely use fflush ( ) on an update stream only if the most recent operation on it was not a read ( writes or seeks , for instance , are allowed ) .
Schildt misses that distinction , although I simply can't tell whether he fails to point out that you can sometimes flush an update stream , or fails to point out that you sometimes can't flush an update stream .
More perniciously , it 's worth pointing out that fflush ( ) does not cause the contents of the output buffer to be physically written to the file .
It causes the contents of the output buffer to be delivered to the host operating environment , which may well have additional layers of buffering .
On most modern systems , this could result in the file living in an operating - system level write cache for seconds or minutes , or for that matter , living in a cache on the disk drive 's internal microcontroller for some time .
( That " 16 MB cache ! " you see advertised on hard drive packaging is , in many cases , not something the C implementation can force to be flushed out to the physical platters . )
That second point may seem like it 's picky and trivial , but think about the implications for a moment .
Say that you 're writing financial software , or something comparable , where it is extremely important that you be absolutely sure what has or has n't been physically stored and will survive , say , a power outage .
Would n't it be nice to know that , if you want to be sure something 's been physically written to the disk , you need to find out about some operating - system specific feature ?
NEW edit : der Mouse helpfully pointed out that I 'd missed a more severe error .
There 's an additional problem .
The standard 's language refers to " an output stream " .
Schildt refers to a stream " associated with a file open for writing " .
This creates a subtle error ; while there 's no simple way to do this within standard C , there are ways to create a stream which is open for writing on a file which is opened read - only .
( Unix users will guess that fdopen ( ) is involved . )
It is perhaps relevant to note that the writing / reading distinction that fflush ( ) cares about is at the stream level , not the file level .
But enough with the actual description of fflush ( ) ; now let 's have a look at the sample program :
/* Assume that fp is associated with an output file .
*/ for ( i=0 ; i< MAX ; i++) { fwrite ( buf , sizeof ( some_type ) , 1 , fp ) ; fflush ( fp ) ; }
It 's hard to guess the intent here .
This writes the same value to fp , doing so MAX times .
Normally , you 'd expect a loop to write each member of an array ( something like & buf [ i ] ) .
But for that matter , normally , you 'd write this with fwrite ( buf , sizeof ( some_type ) , MAX , fp ) , since that 's the entire reason fwrite ( ) takes both a size per object and a number of objects .
There do exist cases where you might want to flush output after each object ; explaining why it might matter would have been useful .
So would explaining why it might be extremely slow and inefficient .
It 's a little improvement from the third edition ; it 's still not a good example .
This is the same as material on page 491 of the 3rd edition .
The mblen ( ) function returns the length ( in bytes ) of a multibyte character pointed to by str .
Only the first size number of characters are examined .
It returns - 1 on error . [...]
This statement displays the length of the multibyte character pointed to by mb. printf ( " %d " , mblen ( mb , 2 ) ) ;
Short , simple , to the point , and rich with errors .
First , the purely grammatical one ; " the first size number of characters " should just be " the first size characters " .
Would you write " the first two number of characters " ?
No ?
Apparently Schildt would .
Secondly , the entire point of functions like mblen ( ) is to distinguish between bytes and characters .
The entire point is that the string being looked at contains a single character , which is a multibyte character .
So in fact , mblen ( ) examines at most the first size bytes .
Furthermore , in some character encodings , such as UTF - 8 , it is possible for a single character to contain more than two bytes .
In such a case , mblen ( mb , 2 ) will not display the length of the multibyte character , because it wo n't examine more than 2 bytes .
Impressive , no ?
In just a couple of sentences , Schildt manages to completely reverse the entire point of the distinction between multibyte characters and bytes , and offer an example which does n't really do what he says it does .
This is the description of strtol ( ) .
Surprisingly , the code is n't more wrong than usual ( it has the usual use of gets ( ) , prompts with no newline or flush , and so on ) .
The text , however , is especially bad .
strtol #include < stdlib.h > long int strtol ( const char * start , char ** end , int radix ) ; The strtol ( ) function converts the string representation of a number stored in the string pointed to by start into a long int and returns the result .
[... more description , which is mostly okay ...]
The strtol ( ) function works as follows .
[... more snipped ...]
Finally , end is set to point to the remainder , if any , of the original string .
This means that if strtol ( ) is called with " 100 Pliers " , the value 100L will be returned , and end will point to the space that precedes " Pliers " .
Whoops .
For those who missed it , Schildt just mistook a pointer for the thing pointed to .
The value end ( called , more correctly , endptr in the standard 's description ) is not set to point to anything .
Rather , if the value endptr is not a null pointer , then the pointer it points to is set to point to the remainder of the string .
That 's a pretty significant difference !
The difference between a pointer , and the thing it points to , is not something you should casually overlook , whether in production code ( where it could be fatal ) or in a tutorial or reference ( where it could lead to readers being confused ) .
For extra credit , I also direct your attention to the description on page 465 of strtoll ( ) , which states :
The strtoll ( ) function is similar to strtol ( ) except that it returns a long long int .
If the result cannot be represented by a long integer , LLONG_MAX or LLONG_MIN is returned , and the global errno is set to ERANGE , indicating a range error .
Subtle , perhaps , but I 'd think it'd be worth noting that should be " ... can not be represented by a long long integer " , or better yet , " cannot be represented by a long long int " .
Just a copy and paste error , maybe , but more of the sort of shoddy thing we 've come to expect .
For reference , the equivalent sentence from the description of strtol ( ) ( page 464 ) is :
If the result cannot be represented by a long int , LONG_MAX or LONG_MIN is returned and the global errno is set to ERANGE , indicating a range error .
The usage of " long int " , contrasted with " long integer " , could be argued to somehow indicate a colloquial use for " long integer " that was not intended to refer specifically to the long int type .
The same issue occurs with strtoull( ) , with the phrase " unsigned long integer " .
The third edition book used the phrase " if a conversion error occurs " , which I think is definitely worse .
However , the usage here seems inconsistent , and a typical reader , looking only at the strtoll ( ) description , is likely to view this as an error .
If you have to compare with three other functions and a previous edition to conclude that something may well have been intended such that you could interpret it as being correct , it needs to be rewritten .
One of the concerns with a listing like the " pick a page " list is that you can't be sure that it 's particularly representative .
To address this , I asked some random guy on Usenet to pick a number between 1 and 700 , proposing to review the ten consecutive pages starting with that one .
He picked page 168 .
Page 168 starts partway through the " Function Prototypes " section of Chapter 6 ( Functions ) .
The section starts on page 166 .
This section is far from the worst in the book , and the complaints I have about it are largely nitpicks , but they 're illustrative of the sheer density of errors , questionable choices , or poor explanations .
Page 168 begins with a description of the option of omitting parameters in function prototypes .
It continues :
Function prototypes help you trap bugs before they occur .
In addition , they help verify that your program is working correctly by not allowing functions to be called with mismatched arguments . [...]
Remember , although prototypes are optional in C , they are required by C ++.
This means that every function in a C++ program must be fully prototyped .
Because of this , most C programmers also fully prototype their programs .
What the first paragraph giveth , the second paragraph taketh away .
Most ( experienced )
C programmers fully prototype their programs because prototypes improve reliability ( and in some cases efficiency ) .
Compatibility with another programming language is not one of the primary motivators .
Schildt here gives the impression that , if you were sure you did not need compatibility with C++ , perhaps you would n't need to pay attention to the previous suggestion that you use prototypes .
We now move onto the discussion of " Old- Style Function Declarations " ( pages 168-169 ) .
In the early days of C , prior to the creation of function prototypes , there was still a need to tell the compiler in advance about the return type of a function so that the proper code could be generated when the function was called .
( Since sizes of different data types differ , the size of the return type needs to be known prior to a call to a function . ) [...]
Nice try , but no .
The sizes are not the whole issue ; the real point is that calling conventions may vary .
Some systems exist where floating point numbers and integers of the same size used different calling conventions .
For instance , on some systems , floating point return values would go in a floating - point register , rather than a general - purpose register ( or the stack ) .
Schildt is hamstrung here by his assumption that all the world uses a stack for all function parameters and returns .
The example program for this is n't immediately obviously awful :
#include < stdio.h > double div( ) ; /* old - style function declaration */ int main ( void ) { printf ( " %f " , div( 10.2 , 20.0 ) ) ; return 0 ; } double div( double num , double denom ) { return num / denom ; }
There are a few issues here .
Of course , we have the standard newline issue ; Schildt relies on the assumption that the environment does n't require a trailing newline on output .
However , there are more serious issues .
The most obvious is that the name div( ) is reserved for use by the implementation , which provides a function div ( ) already ; Schildt documents this function on page 448 ( listed as a " utility " function rather than a " mathematical " function , possibly because the standard uses that description for < stdlib.h > ) .
The names of standard library functions are always reserved for use as identifiers with external linkage ( see C99 , 7.1.3 ) .
What that means is that you cannot declare a function named div( ) of your own , especially not one with an incompatible type !
Past that , there 's a more fundamental issue .
Schildt has chosen a case in which the old - style declaration is compatible with the new - style definition .
Not all definitions would work that way !
For instance , if div( ) had been declared with arguments of type float , this program would be invalid .
As gcc so eloquently puts it , " an argument type that has a default promotion can't match an empty parameter name list declaration " .
Schildt 's explanation is useless :
This old - style function type declaration tells the compiler that div( ) returns a value of type double .
This allows the compiler to correctly generate code for calls to div( ) .
It does not , however , say anything about the parameters to div( ) .
Useless , but worse than that , wrong .
The old - style function declaration tells the compiler that the parameters to div( ) should be subject to a set of promotion rules called the " default argument promotions " ( C99 6.5.2 , paragraph 6 ) .
One of these , for instance , is that objects of type float would be " promoted " to double .
Thus , a declaration float mydiv( ) ; would not be compatible with the definition float mydiv( float num , float denom ) ; .
Schildt 's focus on the " return type " has blinded him to the fact that , in modern C ( since 1989 ) , prototyped functions have often had different conventions for passing parameters , so the types of parameters are not merely a useful convenience , but a necessary piece of information for calling functions .
He also neglects to mention the new rules for variadic functions ( like printf ( ) ) , which cannot be safely called without a full prototype in scope .
This is something that could easily affect a reader who has to port or modernize some old code ; it should have been mentioned .
On to " Standard Library Function Prototypes " ( page 169 ) .
Any standard library function used by your program must be prototyped .
To accomplish this , you must include the appropriate header for each library function .
All necessary headers are provided by the C compiler .
In C , the library headers are ( usually ) files that use the .h extension .
He gets credit for the " usually " .
Unfortunately , the rest is n't so good .
First , it is not always necessary to prototype these functions .
For functions compatible with the default argument promotions , an old - style declaration would suffice .
Furthermore , you are not strictly required to include the headers ; if you provide a correct external declaration , that 's okay too .
These are arguably nitpicks , largely because while he's not right that you must include the headers to get these prototypes , it is certainly the case that you should .
Still , a reference should be precise .
On to the coverage of " implicit int " ( page 170 ) .
The most common use of the implicit int rule was in the return type of functions .
Years ago , many ( probably most ) C programmers took advantage of the rule when creating functions that returned an int result .
Thus , years ago a function such as int f( void ) { /* ... */ return 0 ; ? would often have been written like this : f( void ) { /* return type int by default */ /* ... */ return 0 ; }
Not awful , but I think much more common would have been f( ) {...} ; the void type was not added to the language until late enough that I did n't see much use of implicit int in programs that used void .
Even back when implicit int was a normal part of the language , many style guides and coding standards mandated the use of explicit types .
He continues :
Remember , the implicit int rule is not supported by C99 or C ++.
Thus , its use in C89 - compatible programs is not recommended .
It is best to explicitly specify every type used by your program .
Like the previous example about prototypes , the reason given is superfluous .
It was enough , for many years , to observe that implicit int was error - prone ; compatibility with newer standards or other languages is not the only reason to avoid the implicit int rule .
When the C99 committee decided to remove implicit int , a key component of the discussion was that every implementation anyone could think of already warned people about any use of it , so people were already long out of the habit of using it , before the feature was removed .
On to " Old - Style vs. Modern Function Parameter Declarations " ( pages 171-172 ) .
For example , this modern declaration float f( int a , int b , char ch ) { /* ... */ } will look like this in its old - style form : float f( a , b , ch ) int a , b ; char ch ; { /* ... */ } Notice that the old - style form allows the declaration of more than one parameter in a list after the type name .
Another opportunity to discuss the default argument promotions , and why these two declarations are actually different , passed up .
Nothing exceptionally awful , just sort of clumsy .
And now , the end of the chapter , " The inline Keyword " ( page 172 ) .
C99 has added the keyword inline , which applies to functions .
It is described fully in Part Two , but a brief description is given here .
By preceding a function declaration with inline , you are telling the compiler to optimize calls to the function .
Typically , this means that the function 's code will be expanded in line , rather than called .
However , inline is only a request to the compiler , and can be ignored .
I would have thought a quick mention of some of the implications of inline would have been useful here ; maybe just a quick mention that the semantics of inline functions are different , or that , as an example , " An inline definition of a function with external linkage shall not contain a definition of a modifiable object with static storage duration , and shall not contain a reference to an identifier with internal linkage . "
( C99 , 6.7.4 , paragraph 3 . )
Of course , the clever reader will note that Schildt forward - references a future discussion in which inline is " described fully " .
That 's on pages 282-283 .
No mention of the various restrictions on inline functions occurs there either ; this is a serious liability , as many of them are not immediately obvious to a novice programmer who has tried to declare something inline to " speed it up " .
Schildt instead talks about arguments being pushed onto the stack and gives some very vague , general , introductory - level advice about the use of inline .
A detailed description of the problems is beyond the scope of this section ( as it 's outside the pages I 'm looking at ) ; the point is that the " fully described " does not , in fact , indicate that the crucial and significant limitations that inline imposes on a function are not discussed , and that the statement that inline " can be ignored " is incorrect .
There exist functions which require the compiler to emit a diagnostic message if you try to declare them inline .
Page 173 is the title page of Chapter 7 .
I found no errors on it .
Chapter 7 is on " Structures , Unions , Enumerations , and typedef " .
It begins with an introduction :
EDIT ( 2018/01/13 ) : I omitted a parenthesis in the quote below .
It was present in the book .
I 've corrected this .
The C language gives you five ways to create a custom data type :
The structure , which is a grouping of variables under one name and is called an aggregate data type .
( The terms compound or conglomerate are also commonly used . )
The union , which enables the same piece of memory to be defined as two or more different types of variables .
The bit - field , which is a special type of structure or union element that allows easy access to individual bits .
The enumeration , which is a list of named integer constants .
The typedef keyword , which defines a new name for an existing type .
Well , where to start .
Just leaping out at me :
The term aggregate data type is used to refer both to structures and to arrays .
The standard describes arrays and function declarations , along with structures , unions , and enumerations , as derived types .
I have never heard the term conglomerate used to refer to structures in C. Structures do not allow the grouping of " variables " ; they create a new type of which each instance is an aggregate of several objects ( of potentially disparate types , which is why a structure is not just a fancy name for an array ) .
A " variable " is the thing you declare .
Grouping variables would be if you could take several separate declarations and then group those things together somehow ; you can't .
Similarly , unions allow you to access the same hunk of memory as two or more different types of objects , not variables .
Schildt 's confusion about objects and variables is not new to this chapter , but it really is shown off here .
Pedant Break !
In fact , the C standard never defines the noun " variable " ; the word is used almost always as an adjective .
The word " variables " is used in precisely three places , two of them non-normative footnotes .
The phrase " a variable " occurs more often , but nearly always as a modifier , as in " a variable length array type " .
It occurs in footnote 171 ( 7.3.9.5 ) in the context " For a variable z of complex type ... " .
However , on the rare occasions when it is used , it seems to be consistently used in the sense that an object which is declared with a given name is a " variable " .
When you declare a structure , its members are not objects which have been declared with a given name ; the type declaration of the struct gives them names , but the actual declaration of the object gives a name only to the structure as a whole .
For an illustrative example , consider int * ip = malloc ( sizeof ( * ip ) ) ; .
After this declaration , assuming malloc ( ) succeeds , there are two objects , but only one variable .
The variable ip is an object of type pointer - to - int , and it contains a pointer to an unnamed object with allocated storage duration , which is of a size ( and alignment ) suitable for holding an object of type int .
However , that object is not usually called a " variable " .
So , let 's look at the description of structures , starting on page 174 .
A structure is a collection of variables referenced under one name , providing a convenient means of keeping related information together . [...]
Same issue as before .
Anyway , let 's carry on .
[...]
The following code fragment shows how to declare a structure that defines the name and address fields .
The keyword struct tells the compiler that a structure is being declared .
struct addr { char name [ 30 ] ; char street [ 40 ] ; char city [ 20 ] ; char state [ 3 ] ; unsigned long int zip ; } ; Notice that the declaration is terminated by a semicolon .
This is because a structure declaration is a statement .
Also , the structure tag addr identifies this particular data structure and is its type specifier .
Schildt gets credit here for a couple of things .
He 's provided 3 characters for state , to allow for null termination , and he 's chosen a type large enough to hold standard US zip codes .
Assuming you 're in the US , and do n't need a second line in your street address , this is pretty good .
I might quibble about " the name and address fields " ( emphasis mine ) , especially because no field named address is defined , but we can generalize to " the fields to contain an address " .
The explanation at the end , though , is wrong .
A declaration is not a statement ( in C ; C++ describes declarations as a kind of a statement ) .
Statements can occur only inside compound statements ( pairs of {} , possibly with stuff inside them ) , or as part of a function 's definition .
Declarations can occur outside of any function .
The reason declarations also take semicolons is one of more general consistency .
Furthermore , the structure tag is not a type specifier ; the type specifier is struct addr , not just addr .
( Another thing which would perhaps have been correct had this been a book about C++. )
On to the description on page 175 .
Figure 7 - 1 shows how addr_info appears in memory , assuming 4 - byte long integers .
Well , not really .
It shows a bunch of boxes of various sizes .
He does n't illustrate any possible padding , or mention padding at all .
That would have been nice , especially because the structure in question would indeed have padding on many systems ( as it has a 4 - byte object at an offset which is not a multiple of 4 , assuming no padding between previous components ) .
The index has no reference to " padding " , either as its own topic or as a subtopic of " structures " .
So far as I can tell , he simply never mentions that objects in a structure are not necessarily adjacent !
This is a major oversight of something that readers are likely to need to know .
Page 176 continues the illustration of struct .
The general form of a structure declaration is struct tag {
type member - name ;
type member - name ;
type member - name ;
.
.
.
} structure - variables ; where either tag or structure - variables may be omitted , but not both .
This is n't horribly wrong , but it is n't much good .
You could nitpick that the declaration char name [ 30 ] does not match this style ; after all , there 's more stuff after the member name but before the semicolon .
For that matter , int * ptr ; is n't actually of that form ; the * is part of the individual declarator , not part of the type specifier ( see C99 , 6.7 and 6.7.5 ) .
Still , it 's a sort of acceptable approximation .
However , he neglects to mention that you can declare multiple members of a single type as a single declarator within a structure .
Furthermore , it is permissible ( according to the grammar ) to declare a struct with neither tag nor structure - variables , although doing so is essentially useless .
( Pedantic break : I previously claimed he was wrong to call this a declaration , rather than a definition , but it turns out I was wrong on that ; the word " definition " has a fairly specific definition in the C standard , and structure types are not defined , only declared .
Only macros , objects , functions , enumeration constants , and typedef names can be " defined " . )
The real issue here is simply that this is n't the " general form " .
It 's an oversimplified summary of some common use cases , offered right where he should have been explaining the options available in more depth .
A better " general form " might be something like :
struct tag {
declarations ;
} variable - names ;
This could then be followed by examples of the sorts of declarations possible .
Enough about how structures are declared ; let 's look at the discussion of how to use structure members ; this starts on page 176 , but only gets really interesting on page 177 :
In the same fashion , the character array addr_info. name can be used in a call to gets ( ) , as shown here : gets(addr_info.name ) ;
This passes a character pointer to the start of name .
Since name is a character array , you can access the individual characters of addr_info.
name by indexing name .
For example you can print the contents of addr_info. name one character at a time by using the following code : for ( t=0 ; addr_info.name[t ] ; ++t ) putchar( addr_info.name[t ] ) ;
Use of gets ( ) is , as always , bad ; this would be a great opportunity to point out the possibility of buffer overruns .
It might be worth saying " pointer to the start of the name member of addr_info . " — this would reinforce the point he previously made about each structure variable having its own " copies " of the members .
The example of printing character - by - character would be much improved by pointing out the need to , say , in some way verify that you have n't gone past the end of the object .
Of course , that 's omitted ; Schildt just assumes that the array will be null - terminated .
We get one last code example on page 177 :
#include < stdio.h > int main ( void ) { struct { int a ; int b ; } x , y ; x.a = 10 ; y = x ; /* assign one structure to another */ printf ( " %d " , y.a ) ; return 0 ; } After the assignment , y.a will contain the value 10 .
This one is questionable .
According to C99 ( 6.2.6.1 , paragraph 6 ) , " the value of a structure or union object is never a trap representation , even though the value of a member of the structure or union may be a trap representation " .
I am pretty sure the intent is that you are allowed to assign a structure to another structure even if one of its members is uninitialized , but I would in general not recommend relying on this .
( This wording is new , and may not have been in the C standard when Schildt 's book was written , but I think it reflects the intent of the standard . )
On the other hand , even if it 's permissible , I would think it would make a better example to show that assignment copies all of the members .
A book that aimed to teach everything you need to know about C , rather than a superficial subset , would also point out the issues with copying structures some of whose members are pointers — many novice programmers are surprised that , after an assignment , both structures then share a single pointed - to object .
So there you have it .
An arbitrarily - selected ten page hunk of C:TCR .
I would not recommend this book to anyone based on this sample .
This section has crucial omissions , misses multiple opportunities to explain crucial things , has examples which work by lucky coincidence ( and avoid teaching the reader about real - world cases where a similar example would n't work ) , and contain a number of outright errors .
This goes a long way , in my mind , towards establishing that the sorts of complaints leveled against the rest of the book are genuinely typical and representative .
The list of miscellaneous pages given above is not a complete or exhaustive list ; it is merely a representative sample of what you find opening the book to a random page .
Searching through an arbitrarily - selected section does n't support the occasional claims that most of the book is just fine , and only a few examples are flawed .
Of course , it can't all be fun and games .
There are a number of cases where Schildt makes more fundamental errors ; not individual failed code fragments , but a consistent and general mis-explanation of fundamental concepts .
I hardly have a complete list available , but here are the ones I spotted easily during a quick review .
Schildt very helpfully decides to use terms like " global " and " local " rather than the formal language of the standard .
This , it turns out , results in some amazingly bad material .
No one is surprised .
On page 26 , he tells us :
Unlike local variables , global variables are known throughout the program and may be used by any piece of code .
Also , they will hold their value throughout the program 's execution .
He 's conflating two aspects of file - scope variables ; their scope , and their storage duration .
This does n't seem like it'd be a big deal , until he starts talking about things that would affect storage duration or scope .
Such as , say , the static keyword .
On page 33 - 34 , things get confusing , in a way that follows directly from his poor ( or at least , incorrect for C ) definitions of " local " and " global " .
The C type - qualifier static is , well , confusing .
It 's confusing because its semantics are sort of non-obvious and differ with context .
Unfortunately , Schildt only makes it worse .
He uses the term " local variable " to refer to what C would call an " automatic " variable , normally .
Then he explains that , if you qualify it with static , a local variable has permanent storage reserved for it .
Great .
Then we get to the incoherent heading static Global Variables ( page 34 ) :
Applying the specifier static to a global variable instructs the compiler to create a global variable known only to the file in which it is declared .
Come and see the rare and amazing wild oxymoron in its native habitat !
Bring your kids !
It 's a global variable which is n't visible anywhere else .
The problem here is that he should have stuck with the way the language is actually defined — distinguishing between storage duration , scope , and linkage .
That would make it easy to explain that , for variables declared in a restricted scope , static imposes the " static storage duration " , and that for variables declared outside of any function , which necessarily have static storage duration , static restricts linkage .
It 's confusing , sure .
The weirdness of the meaning of static has troubled writers trying to explain C for a long time .
However , that 's no excuse for nonsense such as a " global variable known only to the file in which it is declared . "
( " Linkage " , you ask ?
Scope is whether something is defined only inside a particular function or block , or visible to all functions .
Linkage is whether it 's visible only within a given translation unit or to the whole program .
Thanks to an eagle - eyed reader for spotting that I 'd mistakenly called it " scope " . )
More generally , the confusion results in additional issues elsewhere ; for instance , on page 27 - 28 , Schildt claims that :
File scope identifiers are visible throughout the entire file .
Variables that have file scope are global .
No , they 're not .
They 're visible within that file , and could be linked to from another file that provided a declaration for them .
This is the kind of oversimplification that results in people being unable to figure out why their code does n't compile .
For another example , describing the C99 variable - length array feature , he says that VLAs can only be local variables .
No , they can only be automatic variables ; you can't declare a static local VLA .
This one has been a bit controversial , just because , back when the 2nd and 3rd edition of C:TCR came out , a large number of users would have been on MS - DOS systems , on which the description given was moderately accurate .
However , even in the 3rd edition , the book proudly claims to be usable in any environment , not just DOS or Windows .
The fun starts on page 13 :
A compiled C program creates and uses four logically distinct regions of memory .
The first region is the memory that actually holds the program 's executable code .
The next region is memory where global variables are stored .
The remaining two regions are the stack and the heap .
The stack is used for a great many things while your program executes .
It holds the return addresses of function calls , arguments to functions , and local variables .
It will also save the current state of the CPU .
The heap is a region of free memory that your program can use via C's dynamic memory allocation functions .
Although the exact physical layout of each of the four regions of memory differs among CPU types and C implementations , the diagram in Figure 1 - 2 shows conceptually how your C programs appear in memory .
He shows , of course , the classic DOS memory map ; program code at the bottom , global variables above that , heap above that growing up , stack at the top growing down .
That 's not an unheard of implementation , but by the time this book came out ( 2000 or so ) , it was actually sort of unusual ; most operating systems I know of separate stack and heap completely , such that they can't possibly interact .
I can't tell you what he means by " save the current state of the CPU " .
Maybe he 's talking about register saving for task switching in multitasking environments ?
I 'm not sure that 's always done on the stack .
It 's vague enough that I can't tell you whether it 's wrong or irrelevant , though .
In the third edition , there was a section on " Stack - Heap Collisions " ( page 743 ) .
In the fourth edition , it 's been corrected to a somewhat improved piece about stack overruns .
However , it 's still got issues .
All C compilers use the stack to store local variables , return addresses , and parameters passed to functions . [...]
This is a plausible first approximation .
It should not be in Chapter 28 , purporting to cover " Efficiency , Porting , and Debugging " , and clearly well past the " tutorial " section of the material .
Quite simply , not every compiler even has a " stack " .
Some systems do n't really have any such feature .
Every compiler for C has some kind of mechanism for handling function calls , but that does n't mean it 's a stack .
More significantly , it is quite common for function parameters or local variables not to be stored on any " stack " , but to be stored in CPU registers .
That distinction can matter a lot , and should have been covered , rather than hand - waved away .
Several people have pointed out that , conceptually , any design sufficiently powerful to support recursion will necessarily have a data structure which is " a stack " in a more general computer science sense ; a data structure which allows efficient last - in , first - out access , so the most recently stored data can be retrieved fastest , corresponding nicely to the way in which function arguments and return values would typically be used .
That 's true .
However , there is a difference between " a stack " and " the stack " ; " a stack " could be a general computer science term , but would specify nothing about the representation or layout of the data stored .
Schildt refers , quite clearly , to a contiguous region of memory , in which each function 's data is adjacent to the memory for the function calling it , or the functions it calls .
This is not necessarily true , nor is it useful .
Some systems have handled recursive function calls by dynamic allocation , meaning that memory used for function calls could later be reused by other parts of the program , and could be interspersed with dynamically allocated memory .
The issue here is n't that most readers are likely to work on such a system ( I have n't , myself , but I have been told that some mainframe systems use such designs ) ; it 's that the " stack " concept , while it could be a useful analogy , is better used as an analogy to explain the effects of function calls , than offered as a flatly literal explanation of how things work .
A good teaching book ought to explain in some detail what the implications of its description of this are ; Schildt basically ignores them , although at least he 's removed the parts where he described them and they were just plain wrong .
This is a case where I do think the fourth edition has improved noticeably from the third edition , but it 's still not a good fit at all for the material .
It is also a case where a specific complaint from my previous page has been addressed largely by removing things or just avoiding a difficult or interesting problem .
The claim about global variables is mostly just confused .
Really , it 's usually static variables ( including globals , but also including static variables declared in functions ) that get a block of space , and in some cases , there 's a distinction between the block for variables initialized with non-zero values , and those initialized with zeroes .
Similarly , " the heap " is not necessarily a single region .
It would have been better to cover this in terms of C's actual storage rules , talking about static , automatic , and allocated storage durations .
Schildt frequently omits trailing newlines on output .
This is a common habit among DOS programmers , as the MS - DOS command prompt apparently used to start with a newline , so that programs which had already produced a newline were followed by a blank line .
However , it 's not portable , in two ways .
The first is that , in general , C does not define the behavior of output to a text stream which is never terminated by a newline .
( " Whether the last line requires a terminating new - line character is implementation - defined . " ; C99 , 7.19.2 , paragraph 2 . )
The second is that streams may be buffered -- output sent to a stream may not be delivered to the host environment until flushed ( using fflush ( ) ) or until some other event occurs .
There are three levels of buffering ; unbuffered ( self - explanatory ) , line - buffered ( data are buffered until a new - line character is encountered ) , or fully buffered ( data are buffered until a certain size of block is filled , such as " every 8,192 bytes " . )
The standard input and output streams are very often line - buffered , although the standard does not require this ; all it says that standard input and standard output are " fully buffered if and only if the stream can be determined not to refer to an interactive device . " ( C99 , 7.19.3 , paragraph 7 ) .
What this means is that , on many systems , printing a prompt which does not end with a newline produces no visible output until you either explicitly flush the stream or send something ending in a newline .
( There may be other circumstances under which output is sent , but only those are guaranteed to deliver the output to the host environment . )
One common exception is that some systems will automatically flush output streams when waiting for input ; on such systems , the prompt would actually get displayed .
This behavior is strongly recommended by C99 .
We could imagine that Schildt was aware of this , and relying on it , but the examples in the 3rd edition book did the same thing , back when it resulted in no prompt being displayed on most systems .
( See C99 , 7.19.3 , paragraph 3 , and 5.1.2.3 , paragraph 5 . )
This may seem fairly trivial , but in many cases the net result is that a newbie programmer trying one of the sample programs would , instead of getting a prompt , see no output at all .
This kind of thing sometimes surprises users .
It could easily have been avoided .
Schildt does sometimes attach newlines to output , it 's just not consistent .
Consistency would have been useful , here .
One other issue applies to the case where a program 's output ends without a newline .
The C standard leaves it implementation - defined whether a trailing newline is required on a text stream .
However , even on systems where output is produced correctly , it may be hard to read .
For instance , most Unix - like systems do not display a newline before their prompts ; a program which prints " 3 " may result in the prompt 3 $ , which is n't as readable as a 3 on a line by itself would have been .
Throughout these books , in both editions , Schildt uses feof ( ) in ways which are either incorrect or merely extremely convoluted and inefficient .
In C , the general convention is that I /O operations can indicate failure .
Once an I / O operation has failed , you can use ferror ( ) and feof ( ) to determine whether the file ended or something else went wrong .
In particular , the feof ( ) function does not indicate that the end - of - file has been reached until after the first read which has failed as a result of being at end - of - file .
Here 's what a conventional C loop for processing a file , character by character , looks like :
int c ; while ( ( c = getchar ( ) ) != EOF ) { /* do stuff with c */ }
Schildt rarely uses this .
Here 's a sample loop he wrote ( page 236-237 ) :
char ch ; [...] do { ch = getchar ( ) ; putc( ch , fp ) ; } while ( ch != '$ ' ) ;
This is very , very , wrong .
getchar ( ) returns an int , not a char .
This is so that the special sentinel value EOF can have a value which can never be mistaken for any other returned character .
If the file ends , or an input error occurs , getchar ( ) returns EOF , which is then converted to a char value ; this could be out of the representable range , which could in theory produce a signal , although I have yet to see an implementation where this would come up .
Most likely , the call to putc ( ) gets whatever character value you get by converting EOF to a char .
This is usually wrong .
If the file ends , it will keep looping forever , printing those probably - meaningless characters , because it will never find a $ .
It 's not as though this was simpler to show than the native C loop would have been .
He does actually show the correct loop on the next page ( 238 ) ... almost .
int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { FILE * fp ; char ch ; [...] ch = get c( fp ) ; /* read one character */ while ( ch! =EOF ) { putchar ( ch ) ; /* print on screen */ ch = getc ( fp ) ; } fclose ( fp ) ; return 0 ; }
That 's closer .
However , it 's still wrong .
On a system where char is unsigned , this loops forever printing the character value you would get by converting EOF ( a negative value ) to char .
On other systems , there may well exist a legitimate character which the program will mistake for EOF , because the conversion from the int returned by getc ( ) to char loses some data .
The problem here , again , is the use of a char to hold the return value .
But he 's not done innovating !
Here 's yet another variant ( page 239 ) .
while (!
feof ( in ) ) { ch = getc ( in ) ; if (!
feof ( in ) ) putc( ch , out ) ; }
This one will actually work , as long as there are no input errors before you reach the end of the file , but it 's gratuitously convoluted .
By the way , if you look closely at these examples , you 'll note that Schildt never picked a consistent answer as to whether the leading parenthesis for an if or while condition ought to be adjacent to the keyword or separated from it by a space .
A minor issue , to be sure , but it does n't speak to much care for quality ; coding style should be consistent in a book with only one author .
But back to the fun part .
Let 's make it all the way to page 241 , and see what new madness awaits us .
char str [ 80 ] ; [...] while (!
feof ( fp ) ) { fgets ( str , 79 , fp ) ; printf ( str ) ; }
Note the superstitious passing of 79 to fgets ( ) with an 80 - character buffer .
This is not needed , because fgets ( ) reads at most one character less than the specified size into the buffer , then null - terminates the string .
Schildt even gets this right in his description of fgets ( ) ( page 317 ) .
At end of file , fgets ( ) fails , returning a NULL value which is ignored , and leaving the string untouched .
The string is printed automatically , so the last line in the file is printed twice .
Of course , we see here another of Schildt 's incompetent mannerisms ; he passes arbitrary data to printf ( ) without specifying his own format string .
This is prone to crashing .
But , I have to say , this example does something practically unique in this barren wasteland of a book -- it correctly uses fgets ( ) to limit the size of input strings .
Too bad they were all written to the file after being read in by an unchecked gets ( ) .
Digging deeper on EOF
Nearly every input loop in the book is incorrect , because Schildt did n't actually understand how EOF works in C .
( He did address one of the issues , partially ; see Schildt and C:TCN for some more information . )
You can see this again in the summary ( page 238 ) of feof ( ) :
As just described , getc ( ) returns EOF when the end of the file has been encountered .
However , testing the value returned by getc ( ) may not be the best way to determine when you have arrived at the end of a file .
First , the C file system can operate on both text and binary files .
When a file is opened for binary input , an integer value that will test equal to EOF may be read .
This would cause the input routine to indicate an end - of - file condition even though the physical end of the file had not been reached . [...]
This is wrong in the same two major ways .
First , outside of an extreme special case ( no one has yet presented a single example of such a system , and consensus seems to be that it would be a flawed implementation ) , there is no character which , converted to unsigned char and then further converted to int , compares equal to EOF .
That is because EOF is a negative value , and on any system where int is larger than unsigned char ( nearly everything ) or where the range of valid character values is smaller than the range of int ( everything else I 've ever heard of ) , it will never , ever , compare equal to a genuine character value .
The second , more subtle , is the red herring of mentioning binary streams .
There is no reason such characters , if they existed , could n't occur in text streams .
Indeed , in the most common case , there are many systems where the value you get by converting - 1 to unsigned char is a valid text character .
In short , Schildt makes it very clear that he does not understand how the character input functions work , or how EOF works .
He seems to think that text mode and binary mode are properties of files , and that binary files can contain arbitrary values , but text files can't .
On most systems , however , both text and binary files can contain arbitrary values ; the difference between text and binary mode is a difference primarily in how the C library interacts with a given stream , not necessarily in the underlying file .
If you wanted to show that Schildt did not understand the getc ( ) and getchar ( ) functions , it would be enough to point out that he always ( or at least , in every case I 've yet seen ) stores the result in an object of type char .
The consistently wrong claims about detecting end - of - file using feof ( ) because EOF is a " valid integer value " merely emphasize that he simply does n't get it .
A responsible writer , upon fixing the problem in the description of getchar ( ) ( see the discussion of the Page 314 error ) , would have fixed the other related claims and updated the sample programs to correctly use an object of type int .
Schildt went for the shortest path ; he fixed the one single copy that was explicitly named , and did nothing about the fundamental misunderstanding .
While working on this , I noticed a couple of things .
The first was that the 4th edition of C:TCR appeared to be substantially improved — most of my complaints had been addressed .
The second was that looking through the book at random , it still appeared to be generally awful .
Having researched this further , I believe I can state with reasonable confidence that this is not a coincidence ; rather , it appears that Schildt specifically addressed the things complained about in the original C:TCN , but did not in any way generalize from them .
The " smoking gun " was Page 314 , but several of the others are instructive .
The original page ( now at http://www.seebs.net/c/c_tcn3e.html) has been preserved ( unaltered except for an introductory section at the top ) in order to show these issues ; you can browse along there .
Comments there which do n't seem to have been addressed are omitted here ; we can assume that Schildt did n't agree .
C:TCN , " Page 53 "
For an instructive example , let us look at the famous " page 53 " code fragment — an exceptionally poor example that was widely panned as being illustrative of the horror of the 3rd edition of C:TCR .
/* Write 6 integers to a disk file . */ void put_rec ( int rec [ 6 ] , FILE * fp ) { int len ; len = fwrite ( rec , sizeof rec , 1 , fp ) ; if ( len != 1 ) printf ( " write error " ) ; } Coded as shown , put_rec ( ) compiles and runs correctly on any computer , no matter how many bytes are in an integer .
As you might guess , this is incorrect .
There are a number of flaws .
Some are mere nitpicks ; there is nothing requiring fp to be a " disk file " , it could just as well be stdout , or any other stream .
However , that 's not the big problem .
The big problem is that , in C , there is really no such thing as an array argument to a function ; instead , there 's a pointer parameter which has been written as though it were an array .
The above definition could have started as void put_rec ( int * rec , FILE * fp ) with no change in its meaning .
Which means that sizeof rec is the same as sizeof ( int *) , not the same as sizeof ( int [ 6 ] ) .
Which means that the example is completely , totally , wrong .
Of course , it 's better than it was in the 2nd edition of the book ; in the 2nd edition , the test used <> instead of != , which would n't even compile .
In the fourth edition , though , the example has been " corrected " :
/* Write 6 integers to a disk file . */ void put_rec ( int rec [ 6 ] , FILE * fp ) { int len ; len = fwrite ( rec , sizeof ( int ) * 6 , 1 , fp ) ; if ( len != 1 ) printf ( " Write Error " ) ; } Coded as shown , put_rec ( ) compiles and runs correctly in any environment , including those that use 16 - and 32 - bit integers .
So , is it fixed ?
Well , it now does roughly what is described .
However , this is an extremely bad illustration of sizeof .
There 's nothing to explain the semantics of fwrite here , but to put it bluntly , the conventional way to write that would have been fwrite ( rec , sizeof ( int ) , 6 , fp ) ; , to distinguish between the size of the object ( which is an int ) and the number of objects ( 6 ) .
This is better for error - recovery ; writing a single large block of memory , if fwrite ( ) managed to write 5 integers , but not the 6th , it would return 0 , and you would n't know that anything had been written successfully .
A clearly buggy example , which illustrated only a misunderstanding of C , has been replaced with a boring and useless example , which does n't really illustrate anything .
Better would have been to declare the parameter as int * rec , and use sizeof ( * rec ) rather than sizeof ( int ) ; in real - world code , multiple copies of the same piece of information ( such as the type of the members of rec ) tend to lead to bugs .
That an example for something so fundamental would have gone through at least two revisions ( I have no idea what it looked like in the 1st edition , if it even existed then ) is a bit disturbing .
That the first one would n't even compile on any C compiler , and the second was completely wrong , and only the third even does roughly what it says it does , is extremely disturbing .
The other comment C:TCN made about Page 53 ( pointing out the use of " %f " as a format string for sizeof ( float ) ) was partially addressed ; the new code uses " %d " .
He has not addressed the observation that it is incorrect to use " %d " for values of type size_t , probably because he tried it on a little - endian machine ( or one where size_t and int have compatible size and representation , for reasonably - small values ) , and it appeared to work .
C:TCN , " Page 59 "
The 3rd edition of C:TCR claimed that the shorthand of writing x = x+10 as x += 10 applied to " all the binary operators in C ( those that require two operands ) .
I pointed out that this was not true of && or || , as well as some other cases ( pedantic details to follow ) .
In the 4th edition , this section has been removed entirely ; there is no longer anything after the " Spacing and Parentheses " header ( page 61 ) .
Pedantry Break !
I listed the structure member operator .
as a binary operator in the previous incarnation of this page ; there is some dispute as to whether this is accurately described as a " binary operator " .
The standard itself does refer to the structure member name as " the second operand " , but I now feel that , regardless , the term is ill - chosen .
Nonetheless , the boolean logic operators ( && and || ) remain clear examples .
The statement was wrong , however , it would not have been hard to fix it .
I 'd probably have said " most of C's binary operators " , or possibly " all of ... " if I 'd been writing a book , and thus inclined to spend the time reading through the complete list to verify that .
C:TCN , " Page 131 "
Schildt did indeed fix this one .
Interestingly , he also fixed another point I did n't mention .
In the 3rd edition , C:TCR said ( page 131 , of course ) :
Local variables use the stack . [...]
Memory allocated by C's dynamic allocation functions is obtained from the heap — the region of free memory that lies between your program and its permanent storage area and the stack .
I pointed out that there is no such layout mandated , but did n't mention the subtle error in the first sentence quoted above .
In the 4th edition ( Page 138 ) , he now says :
Nonstatic , local variables use the stack . [...]
Memory allocated by C's dynamic allocation functions is obtained from the heap .
The heap is free memory that is not used by your program , the operating system , or any other program running in the computer .
This is substantially improved .
The assumption that there is " the stack " is still wrong ( as is the assertion that non-static local variables necessarily use it ; in many implementations , such variables are quite likely to be stored in registers only , with no physical storage in memory reserved for them ) , but he corrected an error I missed .
Of course , the description of the heap is still wrong .
Memory you have allocated using malloc ( ) is still usually considered " part of the heap " , even though you are using it .
Some systems allocate a fixed block of memory to a program at startup , which that program can use as a heap , but which is not a general free memory pool .
In short , the description is still wrong , merely improved .
C:TCN , " Page 163 "
Ahh , the infamous void main .
Schildt believed , erroneously , that it was generally permissible to declare the main ( ) function as returning void to avoid returning a value .
This was a common extension , which usually resulted in garbage values being returned to the calling environment , but some systems would magically act as though 0 had been returned .
In the 4th edition ( page 164 ) , he has removed the claim , although he now states :
If main ( ) does not explicitly return a value , the value passed to the calling process is technically undefined .
In practice , most C compilers return 0 , but do not rely on this if portability is a concern .
A well - stated piece .
Unfortunately , while covering C99 , Schildt apparently missed that the C99 specification explicitly requires that the compiler make it look as though main ( ) returned 0 ( but see below for a pedantic interlude about this ) if execution reaches the end of the function without a return or exit ( ) .
On the other hand , many compilers still default to C89 mode , and do nothing of the sort .
He also failed to take this opportunity to discuss the question of what the supported values are ; specifically , that 0 and the predefined constant EXIT_SUCCESS indicate successful exit , and the predefined constant EXIT_FAILURE indicates a failure .
No other values may be portably used , though many systems establish additional conventions .
In particular , exit ( 1 ) indicates success on at least one operating system , even though it 's often used as an error indicator in Unix - like systems .
Still , somewhat improved .
Pedantry Break !
C99 sort of allows for non- int return types for main ( ) , in that it is implementation - defined whether other forms of main ( ) are accepted .
If other forms are accepted , and they have a return type not compatible with int , the returned value if you fall off the end of main ( ) is unspecified .
C:TCN , " Page 247 "
This one 's straight - up fixed .
The fseek ( ) example used an arbitrary value as an argument to fseek ( ) on a text stream , with the mode SEEK_SET , which is undefined behavior .
In the new edition , he correctly changed the open mode to " rb " , making the behavior well - defined .
( However , he still uses exit ( 1 ) to get out of the program ; see the preceding discussion on " Page 163 " .
To be fair , though , I did n't catch that either . )
C:TCN , " Page 253 "
The entire section on the Unix - like I /O system is removed .
I do n't object to this , and I do n't have any reason to believe it was related to the criticism in C:TCN .
C:TCN , " Page 283 "
The example ( which was useful , except for the error ) has been removed .
Correcting the error would have made this a good example to help users understand what prototypes are for .
Removing it makes the claims about headers providing prototypes much less useful to the reader .
C:TCN , " Page 284 "
Schildt fixed the issue ( header file names given in all caps , when the standard uses lowercase ) .
Let 's start with the 4th edition 's description of getc ( ) , on page 329 :
The getc ( ) function returns the next character from the specified input stream , and increments the file position indicator .
The character is read as an unsigned char that is converted to an integer .
If the end of the file is reached , getc ( ) returns EOF .
However , since EOF is a valid integer value , you must use feof ( ) to check for the end - of - file condition .
If getc ( ) encounters an error , EOF is also returned .
If working with binary files , you must use ferror ( ) to check for file errors . [...]
The following program reads and displays the contents of a text file : # include < stdio.h > # include < stdlib.h > int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { FILE * fp ; char ch ; if ( ( fp=fopen ( argv [ 1 ] , " r " ) ) ==NULL ) { printf ( " Cannot open file .
" ) ; exit ( 1 ) ; } while ( ( ch=getc ( fp ) ) !=EOF ) { printf ( " %c " , ch ) ; } fclose ( fp ) ; return 0 ; }
You 'll note that he still declares ch as a char , meaning that the test is wrong in the way he 's described .
The problem is that he 's just plain wrong .
The key is that the character is converted to unsigned char and then to int .
On most systems , this guarantees a positive value — and EOF is a negative value ( there are theoretical exceptions , which I cover at the end of this subsection ) .
There is no possibility of confusion if you use the right type for the return of getc ( ) .
Note that the comment about " binary " files is also wrong ; this has nothing to do with binary - mode files .
His sample program can fail with text - mode files too .
There may well exist values which , converted to char , compare equal to EOF .
At least , there may if char is signed .
If char is unsigned , it is impossible for this loop to terminate , because no unsigned char will compare equal to EOF ( but see the upcoming Pedantry Break in the section on the " Page 348 " comments ) .
Finally , last but not least , note that he does not check whether argc is at least 2 before trying to access argv [ 1 ] , and he uses plain printf ( ) to display an error message , rather than taking the opportunity to show the reader what stderr is for .
Here 's where it gets interesting .
That same warning is present in the 3rd edition , for both getc ( ) ( page 312 ) and getchar ( ) ( page 314 ) .
In the 4th edition , it 's been removed from getchar ( ) but not from getc ( ) .
So what , you ask ?
Well .
The previous version of this document pointed out the error on page 314 , but did n't mention the identical error on page 312 .
A suspicious reader might note that it 's conspicuous that most of the errors I pointed out on that page got fixed , but precisely identical wording and errors even two pages previously did not .
In fact , there are many more examples like this .
C:TCN , " Page 333 "
Schildt fixed the error ( missing single quotes around a character constant ) .
With the wisdom of accumulated years of debugging , I consider it a pretty minor typo , but I do wish the 3rd edition had been better proofread .
Glad to see it fixed , though .
C:TCN , " Page 348 "
Another day , another program which uses something other than EOF as a sentinel value and will run forever if it runs out of input .
In the previous edition , this program used ' ' ( a character constant space ) as a sentinel value .
I complained about it .
Here 's the " fixed " version , from page 363 of the 4th edition :
This program checks each character read from stdin and reports all uppercase letters : # include < ctype.h > # include < stdio.h > int main ( void ) { char ch ; for ( ; ;) { ch = getchar ( ) ; if ( ch == '.') break ; if ( isupper ( ch ) ) printf ( " %c is uppercase
" , ch ) ; } return 0 ; }
Try it yourself .
Give it the input " HELLO . MY NAME IS BOB . " and see whether it reports all the uppercase letters .
The new sentinel is n't really a big improvement , and the loop is still broken ( see Handling EOF for more on this . )
There 's a secondary issue here , which is that , on systems where char is signed , it is undefined behavior to pass a negative - value char ( with a value other than EOF , if that happens to be in the range of char ) to any of the is * ( ) .
They accept values in precisely the form that getchar ( ) returns them — converted to unsigned char and then to int .
Converting back to char can break things .
This is certainly a problematic design in C , but this is the sort of thing that a " Complete Reference " ought to point out about these functions .
Of course , he changed the sentinel in everything , so now the 4th edition has ( page 361 ) :
for ( ; ;) { ch = getchar ( ) ; if ( ispunct ( ch ) ) printf ( " %c is punctuation
" , ch ) ; if ( ch == '.' ) break ; }
Gosh , Mr. Schildt !
It sure would be cool if the language had provided some kind of magic sentinel value you could use to always determine that input was done and there were no more characters !
It 's also interesting to note that the many such sample programs ( each of the is * ( ) functions has one ) are n't quite consistent ; for instance , the one for isdigit checks whether ch is a period before checking whether it's a digit .
He also wins a prize for using the same loop , complete with printing the character using %c , for iscntrl ( ) , which by definition indicates that a character is not a printing character ( C99 , section 7.4 , paragraph 3 : " the term control character refers to a member of a locale - specific set of characters that are not printing characters . " ) .
The whole section is an embarrassment .
He has addressed the complaint in a purely literal fashion , in that the code no longer uses a space as a sentinel value , but he has n't addressed the substance , which is that the loops should have been done using EOF to terminate .
Pedantry Break !
It is in theory possible for a machine to have char be larger than 8 bits , though it 's not very common for hosted environments ( basically , desktop computers and the like -- the only environments required to even have the < stdio.h > functions to begin with ) .
On such a machine , contrary to many people 's expectations , sizeof ( char ) is still 1 ; what changes is the value CHAR_BIT .
The relevance of this is that , on such a machine , it is possible for int to still have its required range , but to be the same size as a char .
Thus , on such a machine , there might exist at least one value of unsigned char such that , converted to int , it was a negative value , and compared equal to EOF .
However , to the best of my knowledge , all such systems that have provided the getchar ( ) function and related functions have ensured that , in fact , the EOF value is distinct from any value which can actually be read from a file .
For instance , char could be a 32 - bit type , but you would still only see values 0 - 255 when reading " characters " from a file .
C:TCN , " Page 735 "
This one is just gob - smackingly bad .
Schildt has no concept of what parentheses do .
He writes , on page 57 :
Parentheses are operators that increase the precedence of the operations inside them .
The really great material on this was in the 3rd edition .
It 's missing in the fourth .
While normally I would frown on simply removing material , it was bad enough that , yes , it is better to say nothing at all .
Just because it 's such a beautiful example , though , I present Schildt 's masterfully incoherent claim about Order - of - Evaluation errors ( C:TCR , 3rd Edition , page 735 ) .
The way an order - of - evaluation error usually occurs is through changes to an existing statement .
For example , you may enter the statement x = * p++ ; which assigns the value pointed to by p to x and then increments the pointer p. Say , however , that later you decide that x really needs the value pointed to by p squared .
To do this , you try x = * p++ * ( * p ) ; However , this can't work because p has already been incremented .
The proper solution is to write x = * p * ( * p++ ) ;
This is probably the most totally wrong thing I 've ever seen in any book on C. Schildt even knows better ; he correctly states , on page 58 ( 4th edition ) or page 56 ( 3rd edition ) :
This leaves the compiler free to rearrange an expression to produce more optimal code .
However , it also means that your code should never rely on the order in which subexpressions are evaluated .
For example , the expression x = f1 ( ) + f2 ( ) ; does not ensure that f1 ( ) will be called before f2 ( ) .
( That 's the 4th edition version ; the 3rd edition is substantively identical . )
So , even back in the 3rd edition days , Schildt knew that order of evaluation is not guaranteed ...
But then wrote the above nonsense .
In the 4th edition , the example for " Order - of - Evaluation Errors " is now an unexceptional example , which does n't point out the much , much , more common problem of the sort of code he illustrated ( incorrectly ) in the previous edition .
The new version ( page 700 ) :
The way an order - of - evaluation error usually occurs is through changes to an existing statement sequence .
For example , when optimizing a piece of code , you might change the sequence /* original code */ x = a + b ; a = a + 1 ; into the following : /* " improved " code -- wrong ! */ x = ++a + b ;
The trouble is that the two code fragments do not produce the same results .
The reason is that the second way increments a before it is added to b .
This was not the case in the original code !
This is not an atypical response ; on the rare occasions when Schildt seems to have accepted that he made a mistake , he seems to be unwilling to genuinely correct it and produce a good example , but rather , takes the shortest path to something that wo n't get those complaints anymore , even if it 's no longer remotely useful for teaching C .
Interestingly , this looks to be one of the cases where the exact thing complained about in my older complaints about C:TCR has been addressed , but only in effect by removing the affected code .
The original point was to address difficulties that could occur when differences in the order in which parts of an expression were evaluated could cause problems .
The new example is in no way an illustration of an order - of - evaluation problem within an expression .
Beginning programmers often find the order of evaluation of expression components confusing .
Schildt had a great opportunity here to explain exactly when C does , and does not , specify the order of evaluation of components of an expression , and how to spot possible problems caused by relying on a particular ordering .
Instead , apparently not understanding the rules , he simply avoided the question .
While it 's nice that the 4th edition is less wrong about this than the 3rd , it would have been nicer still to have some real discussion of these very significant issues .
Some correspondants have raised various objections about the previous version of this document , and I think they deserve some consideration and time .
Nitpicking
Some have argued that the previous version of this document picked on way too many issues which were trivial , unimportant , or disputed .
For instance , Schildt 's claim that numbers are " in general " represented using two 's complement .
The phrase " in general " is sometimes used in English to indicate that something is a reliable or safe assumption , and otherwise used specifically to call out the existence of exceptions .
I interpreted the phrase more in the former sense ; I am not sure whether this was right or not , but I still feel that the explanation is at most unnecessary .
The right time to talk about representations would be while discussing bitwise operators , where it 's reasonable to mention the variances and common implementation choices .
( Interestingly , Schildt got that wrong too ; see Page 51 . )
Typos
Some of the errors have been dismissed as " typos " .
This is quite possibly true .
However , usually , when there are typos in a book , one would expect to see some errata .
( I 'm aware that , as of this writing , some of the errata for my own book never seem to have made it through the publisher ; I 'm going to go submit them myself , since I still have the list floating around . )
However , others are harder to dismiss as typos .
Worse , typos of the sorts in question probably ought to be getting caught during technical review or proofreading ; it would be understandable if there were only a few , but there are comparatively many .
Qualifications
One occasional complaint is that I am somehow " unqualified " to raise these criticisms .
This is nonsense .
Not because of any particular qualifications ( though I am apparently now generally regarded as being qualified to comment on writing about C ) , but because it 's a pure argumentum ad hominem ; it does n't matter who raised the criticisms , it matters whether they are correct or not .
As demonstrated by the fact that Schildt has indeed corrected many of them , we can reasonably infer that even he grants that they were correct .
The qualifications do n't really matter at that point ; what matters is whether Schildt 's book is in fact accurate or inaccurate .
Seebs makes mistakes
Another objection I 've seen is that , since I make mistakes , I should not criticize Schildt .
Again , this is ridiculous .
The question of whether these criticisms are accurate stands on its own merit .
Yes , I make mistakes .
Lots of them .
I 'm very error - prone , and will get even trivial things wrong on the first pass , often enough for it to be an issue .
I address this by carefully testing code before putting it into production , using a code review process , sending my writing out for technical review , and otherwise taking steps to ensure that the final product is correct , even if the first draft was not .
Schildt , by contrast , is on the fourth edition of a book , published by people who presumably have the resources to hire a technical reviewer , and yet we see no errata , no acknowledgements of errors , and very few improvements even when there are unambiguous mistakes in his work .
It 's a tutorial , not a reference
I 've heard a couple of times the assertion that the book is " more a tutorial than a reference " .
This is not particularly true , honestly ; a large portion of the material in the book consists of lists of functions with descriptions of their semantics and possibly tiny sample code , but without any real explanation of how you would use them .
However , even if it were true , it does not seem that it would change anything .
C is not a language which rewards casual approximations of correctness .
If you wish to learn C , you will be best served by learning it properly , including all the acknowledged quirks , design weaknesses , and other limitations of the language .
Trying to " simplify " C to teach it produces victims who cannot work effectively in C .
A good tutorial might present simplifications , but would identify them as such and correct them later , rather than presenting them as the real and whole truth .
Furthermore , as revealed in the in - depth look , the book is a very poor tutorial , frequently omitting key points or concepts .
I wish the examples above had been more carefully cherry - picked than they were , but really , the examples here appear to be pretty representative .
The " pick a page " section consists of things obtained by flipping the book to a random page .
I did , once , flip to a random page and not find any errors .
Yes , exactly once .
The whole book is like this .
The explanatory material is garbage .
The explanations of some concepts are exceptionally bad , and it seems very clear that Schildt simply does not understand the material .
This is n't just typos ; this is genuine failure to understand what 's going on .
14 years ago , I wrote this summary :
C : The Complete Reference is a popular programming book , marred only by the fact that it is largely tripe .
Herbert Schildt has a knack for clear , readable text , describing a language subtly but quite definitely different from C .
With fourteen years ' more experience , including most of a decade of active participation in C standardization , thousands of lines of code written , and a few years of work as a professional writer , I still stand by the evaluation of the book .
I do not so much stand by the claim that Schildt 's writing is " clear " ; readable , yes , clear , not so much .
The article itself was not particularly well - written , but the ultimate analysis of Schildt 's writing was spot-on .
If anything , I know enough more to spot a lot more of the subtle ways in which his sample programs are likely to screw over any poor fool who tries to learn to program from his books .
This is not a " retraction " of the previous page ; it 's a follow - up and update .
That page was certainly not very well - written , and some of the complaints in it may have been a little too nitpicky .
However , several of them remain solid , clear criticisms of shoddy workmanship and poor writing .
Furthermore , a careful study of the 4th edition of Schildt 's C : The Complete Reference reveals that , while he may have fixed a few problems after being called on them , he continues to be unwilling or unable to correctly explain many of the basics of effective and correct C programming .
One thing that really stands out after looking at ten consecutive pages in detail is that prior criticisms of Schildt 's writing have focused mostly on what he says that is wrong .
However , the things he fails to cover are also quite significant .
This undermines substantially the widespread claim that a few errors are livable in a book which does a good job of teaching concepts ; Schildt 's writing omits fundamental concepts and information , and does a poor job of explaining others .
A number of people contributed to the current revision of this page .
For inspiration , I must of course credit Edward Nilges , whose tireless crusade against the deficiencies of the previous version made it clear that a more complete treatment was needed .
Malcolm McLean made the interesting key observation that it was possible to have a bad critique of a bad book .
Many participants in comp.lang .c contributed examples of errors , analysis of some of the code fragments , and comparisons with the 2nd edition of C:TCR .
Several people have helped by contributing analysis and technical review some of this material .
Special thanks to der Mouse and to Keith Thompson , both of whom found any number of mistakes or poor choices of wording in my analysis .
It 's entirely possible that I have made some mistakes in this page ; feel free to let me know of any .
To the best of my knowledge , any typos in the quoted code fragments or text examples which I did n't comment on are my own ; while I am very disappointed with the quality of the code and explanatory text , the textual proofreading in C:TCR appears to be quite good .
The eight remaining members of the metal band Slipknot described bassist Paul Gray as a man with a big heart who represented everything that was wonderful about the group .
Gray was found dead in a hotel room in Urbandale , Iowa , on Monday .
Speaking on Tuesday evening at an emotional news conference in Des Moines , lead singer Corey Taylor said the band members had lost a brother .
" The only way I can sum up Paul Gray is love , " Taylor said .
An autopsy completed on Tuesday was inconclusive .
Authorities say the cause of death wo n’t be known until toxicology tests are completed in four to six weeks , however CNN has reported there were no signs of foul play or trauma .
" Paul Gray was the essence of the band Slipknot , " drummer Shawn Crahan said .
" Paul was there from the very very beginning and none of us would be on the path we 're on right now in life or have the sorts of lives we have without him . "
" The world is going to be a different place without him . "
Gray ’s wife , Brenna Gray , also spoke .
She is pregnant and said their daughter would grow up knowing her father was an amazing person .
" His daughter will remember him for the way he was , " she said .
AP and Christine Kellett
The trouble with humanitarianism .
In the wake of Israel ’s sanguinary assault on the MV Mavi Marmara , much of the debate has focused on the question of whether those aboard the Free Gaza flotilla were humanitarians , peace activists , or Hamas supporters .
The benign , and , crucially , the depoliticized interpretation was that they were humanitarians bringing aid to a besieged people desperately in need of it .
This view was encapsulated in a cartoon that ran in Le Monde two days after the event — it showed a tiny boat populated by stick figures who had their hands raised above their heads and were surrounded by gigantic rifle barrels pointing down at them .
The caption had only one word : “ Humanitarians . ”
On the other side of the ledger , the conservative columnist , Christopher Caldwell , wrote in the Financial Times that , the participants aboard the Mavi Marmara had not only a humanitarian motive but a military one -- to break the Israeli blockade of Gaza — and , because of that , had in effect become parties to the conflict and , as such , entirely appropriate targets for the Israeli military .
Both of these viewpoints are strangely binary , and , in consequence , occlude more than they reveal .
Self - evidently , to speak of Free Gaza ’s mission as purely humanitarian is absurd , as the movement ’s leader , Greta Berlin , and celebrities on board the Mavi Marmara like the Swedish writer , Henning Mankell , who have written about the event since , make clear .
One does not have to agree with Caldwell ’s claim that the flotilla was engaged in a military mission to believe that it was engaged in a political one .
At the same time , to assert that the humanitarian component was somehow a flag of convenience for a political end , as Israel ’s supporters have tended to imply , is to miss the point about what humanitarian action has become , and , perhaps , what it has already been for a long time .
Viewed coldly , and without partisanship , the Free Gaza flotilla represents not just a significant event in the Israeli - Palestinian conflict , but an extraordinary victory for an idea that has been talked about ad nauseam , but actually rarely put into practice so successfully — the ability of non-state actors not themselves military formations ( Caldwell should go back and read his international humanitarian law on proportionality in war ) to influence political outcomes in conflict zones .
Before the attack on the Mavi Marmara , there was no movement whether from the Israeli side or from Egypt towards modifying the blockade and no serious pressure from major external actors , above all the United States , on the two countries to do so .
But today , Egypt has opened its border with Gaza , Prime Minister Netanyahu himself is talking about the need to rethink the blockade , and , whatever they say in public , and whatever they block in the UN Security Council , the Obama administration is pressurizing the Israelis to do just that .
But these ramifications for the Palestinians , for Israel , and for the neighboring countries are only part of the story .
Like it or not , the success of the Free Gaza flotilla ( or , to put it another way , Israel ’s Pyrrhic victory ) represents the coming to fruition of the idea of the non-governmental organizations as central players in global geopolitics .
And that is where humanitarianism comes in .
For one of the central ideas of the modern humanitarian movement , with the exception of the International Committee of the Red Cross , and , at least during the past two decades , the French section of Doctors Without Borders , has been to insist that national sovereignty simply could not be used by states to behave as they wished toward either their own citizens or , as is the case in Gaza , populations they judge to be hostile and who are under their control .
It was Bernard Kouchner , a founder of Doctors Without Borders ( though despite what he sometimes implies , he was forced out of the organization decades ago ) , who wrote of a right of intervention that needed to be added to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights .
Like many of his close collaborators , including Bernard - Henri Levy and Andre Glucksmann , Kouchner has largely been a supporter of Israel .
But consider his words , written in 1987 , as a preface to a book on the right to intervention , in the light of the Free Gaza flotilla .
We , in the outside world , he writes , should not accept that we cannot intervene to help people in need “ on the basis of state sovereignty , and a nation ’s ‘ ownership ’ of the sufferings [ of its people ] . ”
And Kouchner writes that the fact that the relevant authorities forbid such non-state interventions ( we are back to Caldwell again ) must not be allowed to trump either need or morality .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars.com
June 19 , 2010
More than twelve U.S. and Israeli warships , including an aircraft carrier , passed through the Suez Canal on Friday and are headed for the Red Sea .
“ According to eyewitnesses , the U.S. battleships were the largest to have crossed the Canal in many years , ” reported the London - based newspaper al - Quds al - Arabi on Saturday .
Egyptians report the armada includes a U.S. aircraft carrier .
The Israeli newspaper Haaretz reported Egyptian opposition members criticized the government for cooperating with the U.S. and Israeli forces and allowing the passage of the ships through Egyptian territorial waters .
The Red Sea is the most direct route to the Persian Gulf from the Mediterranean .
Retired Egyptian General Amin Radi , chairman of the national security affairs committee , told the paper that “ the decision to declare war on Iran is not easy , and Israel , due to its wild nature , may start a war just to remain the sole nuclear power in the region , ” according to Yedioth Internet , an Israeli news site .
The passage of a warship armada through the Suez Canal and headed for the Persian Gulf and Iran is apparently not deemed important enough to be reported by the corporate media in the United States .
Egypt recently rejected an Israeli request to prevent Gaza aid ships from passing through the Suez Canal .
According to a report by al - Jazeera , Israel appealed to Egyptians asking them to prevent the passage of Iranian ships through the Suez Canal .
The Egyptians responded that due to international agreements on movement through the Suez Canal , Egypt cannot prevent ships from passing through the canal unless a ship belongs to a state that is at war with Egypt .
Iran and Egypt are not at war .
The United States and Israel , the sole nuclear - armed power in the Middle East , have not ruled out a military strike to destroy Iran ’s nuclear program .
A number of Israeli politicians and scholars have admitted Israel has used its nuclear weapons for “ compellent purposes , ” in short forcing others to accept Israeli political demands .
Israel ’s threats to use nuclear weapons have increased significantly since it was discovered in 2002 that Iran was building uranium enrichment facilities .
Israel ’s former Prime Minister Ariel Sharon “ called on the international community to target Iran as soon as the imminent conflict with Iraq is complete , ” the Sunday Times reported on November 5 , 2002 .
The United States invaded Iraq on March 20 , 2003 .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
Earlier this month Israel leaked to the press that they had permission from Saudi Arabia to use their air space to attack Iran .
“ In the week that the UN Security Council imposed a new round of sanctions on Tehran , defence sources in the Gulf say that Riyadh has agreed to allow Israel to use a narrow corridor of its airspace in the north of the country to shorten the distance for a bombing run on Iran , ” the Sunday Times reported on June 12 .
On June 14 , the ambassador of Saudi Arabia to UK Prince Mohammed bin Nawaf issued a categorical denial of the report .
On June 17 , Iran ’s parliament warned it will respond in kind to inspection of its ships under a fourth round of sanctions imposed on the country by the UN Security Council .
“ Even if one Iranian ship is stopped for security - check , we will act likewise and thoroughly inspect any ( western ) ship passing through the Persian Gulf and the Strait of Hormuz , ” member of the Iranian parliament ’s National Security and Foreign Policy Commission Hossein Ebrahimi said .
Also on Saturday , Iran accused the United States of “ deception ” and insisted its missile program is for self - defense after a top U.S. official claimed that Iran had the capacity to attack Europe .
“ The Islamic Republic ’s missile capability has been designed and implemented to defend against any military aggression and it does not threaten any nation , ” Defense Minister Ahmad Vahidi said in a statement carried by state media .
Vahidi announced on April 10 that Iran will use all available options to defend itself if the country comes under a military attack .
“ Americans have said they will use all options against Iran , we announce that we will use all options to defend ourselves , ” Vahidi told the Tehran Times .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The BNP contested 326 seats in total After nearly 600 results , the BNP has increased its share of the General Election vote but failed to win a seat .
The party increased its share of the overall vote by 1.83 % to 514,819 , but despite fielding more than 300 candidates , has failed to return an MP .
In Barking , east London , a key battle ground for the BNP , the party 's leader Nick Griffin slumped to third place .
He said his party was " resilient " .
Mr Griffin was told to " pack your bags and go " by Labour 's Margaret Hodge .
Labour MP
Ms Hodge held the mainly white constituency of Barking , taking 24,628 votes - more than 16,000 more than any other candidate .
' Stay out '
She said the message from Barking to the BNP was clear : " Get out and stay out . "
She added : " This is really a great moment in our history , a never - to - be forgotten moment for both the good and decent people of Barking and Dagenham . "
Mr Griffin was heckled throughout his speech with chants of " Off , off , off " and " Rubbish " .
But , raising his voice over the jeers , he said : " I would say this to the people of Britain : it is going to be too late for Barking , but it is not too late for Britain .
The BNP has arrived and will be knocking on the doors of power sooner than some ever imagined !
Nick Griffin
" Get rid of our masters before they get rid of us . "
In an e-mail to supporters he wrote : " This election , regardless of the results , is the watershed for this party .
" Our growth and resilience is truly inspiring .
" The BNP has arrived and will be knocking on the doors of power sooner than some ever imagined ! "
Weyman Bennett , the joint secretary of Unite Against Fascism ( UAF ) , said : " The BNP 's vote has been paltry .
This just shows that the party 's increased exposure has exposed them for what they are .
" The BNP fielded more candidates than ever and yet the party has gone backwards . "
The result comes after a year of increased national exposure due to Mr Griffin and colleague Andrew Brons being elected to serve as MEPs , and the leader 's appearance on BBC's Question Time .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Si , se puede fire your racist ass :
Ortiz , who was wearing a jersey from a Mexican soccer team , said the teacher told him to sit in the front row .
She proceeded to single him out repeatedly , Ortiz said , pointing at him as she made comments like , “ The Mexicans with their attitudes are the racist ones . ”
Continuing to point at Ortiz , she allegedly told the class that Mexicans always “ expect handouts ” and “ soon it ’s going to be the United States of Mexico , ” according to Ortiz . [… ]
Another student in the class that day , Reina Mondragon , 18 , corroborated Ortiz ’s story .
“ The kind of discussion that we had on Thursday , May 6 , was n’t like the discussions that we normally have , ” she said , adding the teacher questioned why documents in the United States frequently are translated into Spanish and whether Mexicans should be allowed to own land in this country .
Image caption Wonder Woman has been given a tougher image ( Picture : DC Comics )
Wonder Woman has changed her looks and dons a trendy new outfit in issue 600 of the comic book series .
The super hero 's star - spangled swimsuit is to be replaced by a radical new style that includes leggings .
The visual makeover goes hand in hand with changes to the Wonder Woman story , publisher DC Comics says .
DC Comics has hired a new writer , J Michael Straczynski , to give Wonder Woman 's life a new direction .
Mr Straczynski told the New York Times that it had been time to bring the iconic character into the 21st Century .
" She 's been locked into pretty much the exact same outfit since her debut in 1941 , " Mr Straczynski said .
" What woman only wears only one outfit for 60 - plus years ? "
He said the redesign of Wonder Woman 's outfit had been his priority when he took on the job .
" I wanted to toughen her up and give her a modern sensibility , " Mr Straczynski said .
Superhuman powers
Wonder Woman is an Amazon with superhuman powers and the alter ego of Princess Diana of Themyscira .
During the last 69 years , she has fought a range of villains and also appeared in other comic series such as Justice League .
In the 1970s , Lynda Carter played the super heroine in the series The New Original Wonder Woman and The New Adventures of Wonder Woman .
An animated film was released last year , starring Keri Russell .
A 13 - year - old Yemeni girl has died of internal bleeding three days after being married , rights groups say .
The report comes amid ongoing debate on setting a minimum age for brides in Yemen , where more than a quarter of girls are married before the age of 15 .
A 2009 law setting the minimum age at 17 was repealed after some lawmakers said it was un -Islamic .
A final decision is due this month .
There was no official confirmation of the death by Yemeni officials .
The girl , said to have been married to a man in his 20s , died in the west of the country last week , the Arab Sisters Forum ( Saf ) rights group said .
A medical report by the hospital where she was treated said she had suffered a tear to her genitals and severe bleeding after intercourse , the group said .
In a statement obtained by the Reuters news agency , Unicef 's regional director , Sigrid Kaag , said the UN child agency was " dismayed by the death of yet another child bride in Yemen " .
Human rights groups have been pressurising the authorities to outlaw family - arranged child marriages in Yemen , which has a tribal social structure .
Once upon a time , the names of sports parks reflected the teams that played there : Yankee Stadium , Dodger Stadium , the Astrodome .
Or , in the instance of Candlestick Park and Soldier Field , they were named for inanimate objects , such as candlesticks and soldiers .
Then in the 1990s , corporations began paying for the rights to put their own names on sports parks .
And all of a sudden we had stadiums named Safeco , Qualcomm , Coors and Comerica .
Well , the 1990s have come to Chrislip .
For decades , Chrislip College ’s baseball team played at Chrislip Park .
Next spring , when they throw out the first pitch , it will be at Vagisil Field .
The Journal ’s Ted X. McCall spoke with baseball coach Lou Effinger about the name change .
Ted : Coach , how do you feel about the whole business of using corporate names ?
Coach : Like a lot of people , I used to be dead - set against it .
I thought it was a perfect example of corporate America sticking its fat nose somewhere it did n’t belong .
But I changed my mind .
Ted : When ?
Coach :
It ’s hard to pinpoint , but I think it was right about the time our good friends at Vagisil™ were kind enough to let us join their team .
Ted :
So it depends on the corporation ?
Coach : Absolutely .
We would n’t want to be associated with a company whose product we did n’t believe in .
But we sure do n’t mind when the product gives women up to twelve hours of long - lasting relief from vaginal itching and discomfort , and contains an odor blocker that not only masks odor , but keeps it from happening .
Ted :
Are you concerned that other teams will tease our guys about the name ?
Coach :
No , because what jokes could they possibly make ?
I do feel sorry for our cross-state rivals , the Alberton Elks .
They ’ll be playing at Kellogg Field .
Can you imagine the teasing they ’ll have to deal with ?
“ Hey , whatsamatter , did n’t you have your Wheaties ? ? ”
“ Go have a bowl of cereal , why don’tcha ? ” Kids can be cruel .
But they sure ca n’t be cruel about Vagisil™ , which now offers a moisturizer that instantly relieves vaginal dryness and makes those intimate moments more pleasurable .
Ted : Coach , are you aware that when you talk about Vagisil , you develop a fixed , unblinking stare ?
It ’s almost like you ’re a Stepford Wife .
Have you become a corporate shill ?
Coach : Ha !
No , I ca n’t be bought .
I ’m the same Coach Effinger I ’ve always been .
But if I was a Stepford Wife , I ’d want my vagina to smell its freshest .
I would use Vagisil ’s™ new pine scent .
It ’s a real crowd - pleaser .
Ted : I understand the company gave the school a year ’s supply of Vagisil .
Do you worry that the players will put it on the balls ?
Coach :
Oh , our team doctor gives the boys Lanacane anti-itch ointment for that .
Ted : No , no , I ’m talking about putting it on the baseballs in order to throw illegal pitches .
Coach : So am I .
Our ace reliever , Buck Sloan , can throw one hell of a Lanacane slider .
But you did n’t hear it from me .
The people behind the PlayStation have been proudly promoting their 3D wares throughout the year , but today at Sony Pictures Studios in Culver City , California , Sony brought some of its biggest guns , as executives presented its new technology push .
Advertisement
Top Sony executives Sir Howard Stringer ( CEO and President ) , Stan Glasgow , ( Chief Operating Officer ) , Michael Fasulo , ( Chief Marketing Officer ) and Jack Tretton ( President and CEO of Sony Computer Entertainment of America ) all slipped on 3D glasses as they watched presentations from ESPN , the Discovery Channel and Sony 's own internal divisions .
This meant visually dazzling the crowd with teasers for new movies like Men In Black III , Blu-ray releases like Cloudy With A Chance of Meatballs and video games like Gran Turismo 5 , WipEout and MLB The Show 10 .
Advertisement
Presented on Sony 's own 3D - ready digital projectors , scenes of college football games and Sony 's computer animated films were impressive .
" When it comes to good versus mediocre 3D , " Sir Howard Stringer told the audience , " you know the difference , Sony knows the difference .
Good 3D is immersive , not jarring .
It fuels the imagination and is easy to watch . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Stringer says his company is " listening closely to what our consumers have to say about 3D , " while in the midst of launching new 3D Bravia televisions that run from $ 2000 USD to $ 5000 USD .
That high price and some of the technology caveats named by Sony COO Stan Glasgow could n't dampen the executives ' enthusiasm for their flood of 3D goods .
Advertisement
Sony hopes that consumers will catch 3D fever with the same type of programming that helped push HD television , including sports coverage , Discovery Channel documentaries and video games .
Sony Computer Entertainment America president Jack Tretton boasted that his company 's PlayStation 3 was the " perfect delivery system " to bring that content home .
Sony has sold 35 million PlayStation 3 consoles , Tretton says , and plans to sell 50 million by March of next year .
The device is about to receive a firmware upgrade that will let it play 3D Blu-ray movies and video games .
Advertisement
" As you know , PlayStation 3 played a major role in establishing Blu-ray as the high definition standard for this generation , " Tretton said .
" What PlayStation 3 did for Blu-ray , we 're now prepared to do for 3D . "
" 3D gaming is most anticipated technology for the home to arrive on the market this year , " Tretton claimed , adding " PlayStation owners are the true early adopters when it comes to cutting edge technology . "
He cited research that indicated that PlayStation 3 owners were more likely to have their consoles connected to HDTVs and surround sound set ups than the console 's competitors , the Wii and Xbox 360 .
Advertisement
Sony 's banking big on that adoption , with 20 games coming in stereoscopic 3D to the PS3 in the company 's next fiscal year .
Some are 3D updates to existing titles , like Motorstorm : Pacific Rift and PAIN , while others are still to be released , like Killzone 3 and the motion - controlled brawler The Fight : Lights Out .
Tretton said that the company will announce more specifics on its 3D line - up at E3 2010 , happening next week .
Advertisement
Early adopters who buy one of Sony 's 3D Bravia sets will get two free downloadable games and two free demos for the PlayStation 3 that will showcase the stereoscopic 3D capabilities of the console .
And if that 's not enough to convince consumers to jump into the 3D space , Sony 's Michael Fasulo says the company will spend $ 100 million advertising its range of 3D products , from its TVs to its handheld video cameras to its dedicated Blu-ray players .
Advertisement
After Sony 's event , I got a chance to play two of its new 3D PlayStation 3 games , MotorStorm : Pacific Rift and WipEout HD Fury .
Both were great 3D technical demonstrations , with the exception of the odd , unsettling visual hitch .
Along with its PlayStation Network shooter Super Stardust HD , the two PS3 racing games were some of the better 3D gaming experiences I 've enjoyed .
Advertisement
Pacific
Rift was the most impressive of the bunch , offering , in 3D , a better look at distant portions of the track .
WipEout HD
Fury flowed smoothly , presenting a spectacular sense of depth .
Both had their share of distractions , perhaps the product of playing them for little more than five minutes each , my eyes still untrained to the pseudo 3D style .
With Sony 's upcoming giveaways , its massive investment in advertising and 3D video game development , and a push from broadcasters like ESPN 3D — which launches officially later this week on providers that include Comcast , DirecTV and AT&T — it 's clear that the company is serious about its plans to lead the pack in 3D .
Advertisement
Update : A previous version of this story listed SOCOM 4 as one of the 3D titles on display at Sony 's 3D demonstration , which was posted in error .
Bank of America Corp. and Citigroup Inc. incorrectly hid from investors billions of dollars of their debt , similar to what Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. did to obscure its level of risk , company documents show .
In recent filings with regulators , the two big banks disclosed that over the past three years , they at times erroneously classified some short - term repurchase agreements , or " repos , " as sales when they should have been classified as borrowings .
Though the classifications involved billions of dollars , they represented ...
The Hollywood Reporter reports that Warner Brothers has hired Greg Berlanti , Michael Green and Marc Guggenheim to write treatments for Green Lantern 2… and The Flash !
The trio will then write the screenplay for one of the movies .
Surprising no - one who has read any DC comics during the last two years , the movie “ will take inspiration from [ Geoff ] Johns ’ recent work and will feature the Barry Allen incarnation of the character . ” *
The three writers have all been involved with the Green Lantern film .
Greg Berlanti had been rumored as a possible director for The Flash , and of course Marc Guggenheim wrote the “ Full Throttle ” story for the comic book Flash : The Fastest Man Alive .
Interestingly enough , Berlanti and Guggenheim will be bringing another speedster to the screen — the TV screen — in this fall ’s No Ordinary Family .
Presumably this means they ’ve abandoned the Dan Mazeau script announced last year .
It ’s hardly the first time the movie has been sent back to the drawing board in the nearly six years since it was first announced .
News found via The Nerdy Bird !
* Yes , I know that ’s a picture of Wally West .
THR used the cover for The Flash Secret Files # 1 in their article , and I figured I would too just because it looks cool .
Share
Two weeks ago , experimental results seemed to indicate that we 're getting a handle on the low - mass particles called neutrinos .
Today , Fermilab announced results generated using antineutrinos that suggests we may need to make major revisions to the Standard Model of physics .
The textbook description of antimatter is that it 's like a mirror image of more familiar particles .
But new work from Fermilab indicates that the mass differences among antineutrinos are n't the same as those for regular neutrinos .
If the findings hold up , they would call for some new physics to explain the discrepancy .
Like the earlier results , the new data relies on observations of neutrino flavor changes .
Neutrinos and antineutrinos , unlike other particles , appear not to have a fixed nature .
They exist as a mixture of three identities — electron , muon , and tau — and a given particle oscillates among these identities in a probabilistic manner that depends in part on the mass differences among the three classes .
So , if we can observe these oscillations , we can get some indication of the relative masses of these extremely light particles .
Observing the oscillations is a serious challenge , since it requires a large distance between the source of the neutrinos and the detector .
In this case , the work was done by Fermilab 's MINOS team , which produces neutrinos and antineutrinos using the Tevatron 's injector ring .
The resulting beam is sent to a detector in a mine in Minnesota , over 700 km away , a trip that takes about 2.5 milliseconds .
Scientists from the MINOS team presented some preliminary results of their work at a meeting being held in Athens ( the catchy meeting name : Neutrino 2010 ) .
The release announcing them cautions that the data is only just approaching statistical significance , and will require extensive confirmation work , not to mention a trip through peer review before publication .
Those cautions aside , the results are pretty intriguing , since they suggest something very strange is up with the neutrinos ' masses .
Right now , we can't directly measure the masses of the neutrinos very precisely , but we can get a sense of how the masses differ among the three flavors .
The MINOS experiment only produces muon neutrinos and their antimatter counterparts , but on their way to Minnesota some of these will change flavor .
This oscillation is governed in part by the relative masses of the different flavors , providing researchers with a glimpse into the particles ' masses .
As shown in the graph above , the MINOS team has generated a fairly tight estimate of the mass difference ( Δm ) for regular muon neutrinos , but the errors for antineutrinos , shown in red , remain quite large .
Nevertheless , it 's pretty obvious that the best fits are n't very close to each other ; should further data narrow down the existing errors without changing the best fit , it will clearly indicate that neutrinos and their antimatter partners are not simply mirror images of each other .
Not surprisingly , that will leave physicists scratching their heads .
" If this result holds up , it would signal a fundamentally new property of the neutrino - antineutrino system , " said Rob Plunkett , a MINOS spokesperson .
" The implications of this difference for the physics of the Universe would be profound . ”
Image caption Warren Blackwell served more than three years in prison
A man who spent more than three years in jail for a crime he did not commit has described an apology from the police as " too little , too late " .
Warren Blackwell was convicted in 1999 of sexual assault , but in 2006 new evidence undermined the credibility of the woman who made the allegation .
The Independent Police Complaints Commission has criticised the handling of the case by Northamptonshire Police .
Deputy Chief Constable Derek Talbot said he has apologised to Mr Blackwell .
Possible damages claim
He added : " Northamptonshire Police acknowledges and regrets that some aspects of the investigation and handling of information , which emerged after Mr Blackwell 's conviction in 1999 , fell well below the required standard . "
Mr Blackwell was jailed in October 1999 and was released in February 2003 .
His conviction was quashed more than three years later , in September 2006 .
Mr Blackwell , 40 , from Woodford Halse , said the apology was " too little , too late .
" At the end of the day it was just a token gesture , " he said .
" Life goes on .
I almost stepped back into work straight away , you 've got to get on with these things .
" It 's been frustrating the length of time it has taken to draw a line under it and I do n't think I 'm quite there yet . "
He added that the report is " damning " and that he was taking legal advice on whether or not to bring a damages claim against the force .
The Independent Police Complaints Commission said the force failed to disclose concerns expressed by an officer from another force about the alleged victim 's reliability .
Notes taken by the Northamptonshire detective referred to her as " unreliable " and " unstable " , but there was no evidence to show this information was ever passed to senior officers or the Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) .
While Mr Blackwell was in prison , a detective failed to make senior officers and the CPS aware of more information about false complaints by the same woman with striking similarities to Mr Blackwell 's case , the IPCC said .
Timeline of Mr Blackwell 's case 1 January 1999 : Complainant says she was attacked outside social club
October 1999 : Warren Blackwell is convicted
March 2002 : Court of Appeal denies Mr Blackwell leave to appeal and increases his sentence from three to five years
June 2004 : Criminal Cases Review Commission asks West Midlands Police to assist in a review of the case
September 2006 : Mr Blackwell is cleared by the Court of Appeal
June 2010 : IPCC publishes its findings in respect of complaints against Northamptonshire Police made by Mr Blackwell and strongly criticises the force
There were also a large number of serious discrepancies in her accounts which seemed not to have been challenged by detectives .
IPCC Commissioner Amerdeep Somal said : " As the Court of Appeal has ruled , Warren Blackwell was subject to a terrible miscarriage of justice .
" Nothing can bring back the three years four months he wrongly spent in prison .
She added : " I am dismayed that Northamptonshire Police has taken so long to issue an apology to Mr Blackwell that he has patently deserved . "
Ms Somal also expressed her " deep dissatisfaction " with the " unacceptable " length of time the force had taken to resolve disciplinary matters .
The IPCC probe found failings by three officers who had a case to answer on misconduct grounds .
But the CPS proposed no criminal action should be taken , the IPCC said .
One officer has retired and two others will now receive " management words of advice " .
The woman who made the false allegations was named in the House of Lords in 2006 by Labour peer Lord Campbell - Savours , during exchanges about the rape laws .
Doug Stewart lives in Louisiana and he ’s wondering if his “ godless evangelism ” has gone too far .
He ’s very proud of being an atheist and he wants to share that with anyone willing to listen .
( You might recall how Doug had previously held pro-atheist signs during Mardi Gras . )
This time , Doug is being a little more active about it all .
Instead of just waiting for people to come to him , he ’s helping facilitate that conversation .
First , his “ GODLESS ” license plate holder displays his phone number for anyone who would like to contact him to discuss faith :
Next , he put a miniature version of an atheist billboard on the roof of his car .
It reads “ Hello , I ’m an Atheist .
Do you have any questions for me ? ”
( And you thought a Darwin Fish bumper sticker would attract vandals ? ! )
Then , he decided to do something more questionable .
He dressed in his “ Sunday best ” and parked his car ( legally ) near churches so that parishioners leaving the service could get a glimpse of him — and hopefully engage him in conversation .
He tried to be as polite as possible about it .
In fact , before appearing at a local Catholic church , he emailed the priest to inform him what he was doing :
Pastor Calkins I ’m an atheist .
www.godlessevangelist.com.
I ’d like to give the people that visit your church the opportunity to hear the alternate point of view .
I ’m planning on standing outside your church after Sunday mass with a sign that says , “ Hello , I ’m an Atheist .
Do you have any questions for me ? ”
I also have some business cards with contact information and tracts to hand out to anyone that would take them .
I ’d like to ask your advice on where I can stand and park my car so I ’m not seeming too assertive or violating any laws .
If you would like to meet me prior to the event , please do n’t hesitate to ask .
Thanks ,
Doug
He got a response fairly quickly :
Mr. Stewart , I have received your e-mail .
You are not welcome to be on the church property for the purposes of handing out literature or espousing your views .
Father Ronald Calkins
For what it ’s worth , Doug had no intention of being on church property .
But still , should he have gone there at all ?
Doug parked a safe distance away and waited for people to exit the church :
I was acknowledged by , I would guess , the majority of people leaving .
Some honked their horns ; some slowed down to stare at me and did the sign of the cross on their bodies ; and some just waved .
I did n’t witness any angry behavior …
And then the priests came out .
They told Doug they wanted him to leave .
Doug told them he was concerned about the power of religion in the country , implying that he was n’t about to move .
One priest said Doug was “ causing an obstruction ” and Doug offered to move his car a short distance away ( but still close enough to the church ) .
The priests reiterated that they just wanted Doug to go away .
Doug did n’t want to leave .
So the priests called the cops .
Here ’s Doug recollection of what happened :
The police car came almost immediately .
The officer asked me to stay with my car and spoke to the church officials first .
He was with them for about 10 to 15 minutes …
Then all the church officials returned to the church , and the police officer , who was very congenial and understanding explained to me that even though I was n’t causing an obstruction , the hard shoulder was reserved for broken down vehicles and I should move , which of course I had no problem with .
He even pointed out that if I just pulled forward about 50 feet I could park in the lot of the neighboring business .
He also said that he explained to the priests that I had every right to display a sign that said just about anything I wanted to .
( Wow !
A cop that understands the First Amendment –- What a concept ! )
Ok .
So , Doug ’s in no real trouble , but his actions raise a few important questions ( some offered by Doug himself ) :
Is he at all comparable to Westboro Baptist Church , exercising his First Amendment rights by showing up precisely where he is not wanted ?
Is this sort of activism good , bad , or neutral for atheism ?
Should he do this again ?
If so , near other churches or denominations ?
By Captain Pyke | June 25 , 2010 - 11:19 pm
Kate Mulgrew is set to attend a Screening of her short film " The Response " in Washington D.C. on June 30th .
Apparently every member of the U.S. Congress was emailed an invitation for a screening at 4 pm on the 30th , with another screening for the public scheduled for 6:30 pm .
The 6:30 pm public screening is free with a panel discussion / Q&A to follow at 7:15 pm. , but you must RSVP to attend ( info below ) .
" The Response " is a 2008 released short film courtroom drama based on the actual transcripts of the Guantanamo Bay military tribunals .
Conceived in the vein of " 12 Angry Men " , the film revolves around the trial of a suspected enemy combatant and the military judges who must decide his fate .
Kate Mulgrew plays Colonel Simms a member of the military tribunal .
Details for the public showing in D.C .
Wednesday , June 30 , 2010 from 6:30 PM - 9:00 PM ( ET )
George Washington University Law School
2000 H Street , NW
Washington , DC 20052
RSVP here
Watch " The Response " official trailer below .
Image Credits Trekcore.com
That major computing companies are unlikely to want to invest heavily in Africa is not lost on the continent 's brain trust .
Free Software and Open Source Foundation for Africa is fine with that .
OK , perhaps " fine " would be overstating it , but FOSSFA knows that 's the reality and so is bringing together the most skilled computing minds together to develop and distribute applications throughout Africa in local languages .
Idelho conference in Ghana .
It could be the launching pad for future projects in the vein of Ushahidi , a geotagging mapping program with roots in Kenya .
Ushahidi ( it means " testimony " in Swahili ) did n't directly come out of FOSSFA , it was a " collaboration of Kenyan citizen journalists during a time of crisis " and was built to help map reports of violence in Kenya in early 2008 .
It maps data submitted via the web and mobile phone .
Sure , there could be some investment in major cities , but for the most part , the continent 's on its own .
The
The group has been getting some attention lately , as it just wrapped up its fourth
Though
Its usefulness was apparent almost immediately and the code was shared with a group in South Africa .
The platform is fully open source and available for download .
It 's recently been used in Haiti for mapping areas where need is most desperate since the devastating earthquake this fall .
Fact of the matter , even though open source is n't always free ( as in cost ) , it can be .
And it also does n't presume what the needs of the community are - the community has the chance to contribute to the solution and find the right solutions for them .
It says something about the problems in Africa that Ushahidi is probably the most well - known open - source project to come out of the continent .
But it also shows the power of the community to find solutions to problems using available technology .
Dorothy Gordon , director general of the Kofi Annan Centre of Excellence in ICT in Ghana , where the Idelho conference was held , told the BBC :
" If you look at the national level , or even if you look at the whole continent , you 'll see that many of the technologies we use are imported .
That means that you are vulnerable .
If all your systems are imported , it creates a new kind of dependency , because you 're dependant on those companies to keep your country running . "
Right now , the average person in Africa can't afford the technology owned by average Westerners .
But cell phones are pretty ubiquitous , and all it takes is an SMS text to add data to a Ushahidi project .
Open source projects are far more accessible to technology - and income - poor Africa .
And they allow exactly what so many both on the continent and off it want for the populace : the ability to decide for themselves what resources they need and build them .
Hard to argue with that .
The first hedge - fund manager , Alfred Winslow Jones , did not go to business school .
He did not possess a Ph.D. in quantitative finance .
He did not spend his formative years at Morgan Stanley , Goldman Sachs or any other incubator for masters of the universe .
Instead , he studied at the Marxist Workers School in Berlin , ran secret missions for a clandestine anti-Nazi group called the Leninist Organization and reported on the civil war in Spain , where he hitch - hiked to the front lines in the company of Dorothy Parker .
It was only at the advanced age of 48 that Mr. Jones raked together $ 100,000 to launch a " hedged fund , " setting ...
Tristan Donovan , a U.K. writer who has contributed to Edge and The Guardian* , has just released a new book called Replay : The History of Video Games .*
While other history books have covered the topic , Donovan 's 500 - page tome is the most exhaustive and wide - ranging history I 've read .
It 's especially notable for its extensive treatment of the history of European game development , which has been noticeably absent from other books .
Wired.com is delighted to share a few excerpts from this book with you over the next several days .
First up : A look at Nimrod , an installation at the 1951 Festival of Britain that was the first computer designed exclusively to play a game .
Excerpt : Replay : The History of Video Games — — — — — — — — — — — —— —-
In 1951 the UK's Labour government launched the Festival of Britain , a sprawling year - long national event that it hoped would instill a sense of hope in a population reeling from the aftermath of the Second World War .
Herbert Morrison , the deputy prime minister who oversaw the festival 's creation , said the celebrations would be " a tonic for the nation . "
Keen to be involved in the celebrations , the British computer company Ferranti promised the government it would contribute to the festival 's Exhibition of Science in South Kensington , London .
But by late 1950 , with the festival just weeks away , Ferranti still lacked an exhibit .
John Bennett , an Australian employee of the firm , came to the rescue .
Bennett proposed creating a computer that could play Nim .
In this simple parlour game players are presented with several piles of matches .
Each player then takes it in turns to remove one or more of the matches from any one of the piles .
The player who removes the last match wins .
Bennett got the idea of a Nim - playing computer from the Nimatron , an electro - mechanical machine exhibited at the 1940 World 's Fair in New York City .
Despite suggesting Ferranti create a game - playing computer , Bennett 's aim was not to entertain but to show off the ability of computers to do maths .
And since Nim is based on mathematical principles it seemed a good example .
Indeed , the guide book produced to accompany the Nimrod , as the computer exhibit was named , was at pains to explain that it was maths , not fun , that was the machine 's purpose : " It may appear that , in trying to make machines play games , we are wasting our time .
This is not true as the theory of games is extremely complex and a machine that can play a complex game can also be programmed to carry out very complex practical problems . "
Work to create the Nimrod began on the 1st December 1950 with Ferranti engineer Raymond Stuart - Williams turning Bennett 's designs into reality .
By the 12th April 1951 the Nimrod was ready .
It was a huge machine – 12 feet wide , 5 feet tall and 9 feet deep – but the actual computer running the game accounted for no more than 2 percent of its size .
Instead the bulk of the machine was due to the multitude of vacuum tubes used to display lights , the electronic equivalent of the matches used in Nim .
The resulting exhibit , which made its public debut on the 5th May 1951 , boasted that the Nimrod was " faster than thought " and challenged the public to pit their wits against Ferranti's " electronic brain . "
The public was won over , but few showed any interest in the maths and science behind it .
They just wanted to play .
" Most of the public were quite happy to gawk at the flashing lights and be impressed , " said Bennett .
BBC radio journalist Paul Jennings described the Nimrod as a daunting machine in his report on the exhibition : " Like everyone else I came to a standstill before the electric brain or , as they prefer to call it , the Nimrod Digital Computer .
This looks like a tremendous grey refrigerator ....
It 's absolutely frightening ....
I suppose at the next exhibition they 'll even have real heaps of matches and awful steel arms will come out of the machine to pick them up . "
After the Festival of Britain wound down in October , the Nimrod went on display at the Berlin Industrial Show and generated a similar response .
Even West Germany 's economics minister Ludwig Erhard tried unsuccessfully to beat the machine .
But , having impressed the public , Ferranti dismantled the Nimrod and got back to work on more serious projects .
Image courtesy computer historian Pete Goodeve .
Photo was scanned from September 1951 issue of Electronic Engineering magazine .
See Also :
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Two University of Pennsylvania mathematicians have found solutions to a 140 - year - old , 7 - dimensional equation that were not known to exist for more than a century despite its widespread use in modeling the behavior of gases .
The study , part historical journey but mostly mathematical proof , was conducted by Philip T. Gressman and Robert M. Strain of Penn ’s Department of Mathematics .
The solution of the Boltzmann equation problem was published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Solutions of this equation , beyond current computational capabilities , describe the location of gas molecules probabilistically and predict the likelihood that a molecule will reside at any particular location and have a particular momentum at any given time in the future .
During the late 1860s and 1870s , physicists James Clerk Maxwell and Ludwig Boltzmann developed this equation to predict how gaseous material distributes itself in space and how it responds to changes in things like temperature , pressure or velocity .
The equation maintains a significant place in history because it modeled gaseous behavior well , and the predictions it led to were backed up by experimentation .
Despite its notable leap of faith -- the assumption that gases are made of molecules , a theory yet to achieve public acceptance at the time — it was fully adopted .
It provided important predictions , the most fundamental and intuitively natural of which was that gasses naturally settle to an equilibrium state when they are not subject to any sort of external influence .
One of the most important physical insights of the equation is that even when a gas appears to be macroscopically at rest , there is a frenzy of molecular activity in the form of collisions .
While these collisions cannot be observed , they account for gas temperature .
Gressman and Strain were intrigued by this mysterious equation that illustrated the behavior of the physical world , yet for which its discoverers could only find solutions for gasses in perfect equilibrium .
Using modern mathematical techniques from the fields of partial differential equations and harmonic analysis — many of which were developed during the last five to 50 years , and thus relatively new to mathematics — the Penn mathematicians proved the global existence of classical solutions and rapid time decay to equilibrium for the Boltzmann equation with long - range interactions .
Global existence and rapid decay imply that the equation correctly predicts that the solutions will continue to fit the system ’s behavior and not undergo any mathematical catastrophes such as a breakdown of the equation ’s integrity caused by a minor change within the equation .
Rapid decay to equilibrium means that the effect of an initial small disturbance in the gas is short - lived and quickly becomes unnoticeable .
“ Even if one assumes that the equation has solutions , it is possible that the solutions lead to a catastrophe , like how it ’s theoretically possible to balance a needle on its tip , but in practice even infinitesimal imperfections cause it to fall over , ” Gressman said .
The study also provides a new understanding of the effects due to grazing collisions , when neighboring molecules just glance off one another rather than collide head on .
These glancing collisions turn out to be dominant type of collision for the full Boltzmann equation with long - range interactions .
“ We consider it remarkable that this equation , derived by Boltzmann and Maxwell in 1867 and 1872 , grants a fundamental example where a range of geometric fractional derivatives occur in a physical model of the natural world , ” Strain said .
“ The mathematical techniques needed to study such phenomena were only developed in the modern era . ”
Explore further Mathematician Receives Grant for Quantum Mechanics Research
Comment The Central Office of Information ( COI ) , the UK Government 's centre of excellence for marketing and communications , has just published a report on the costs , usability and quality of selected UK Government websites in 2009 - 10 .
It 's a detailed report and the data is available to download .
It shows how the UK Government spent £ 94 m on website development and running costs plus £ 32 m on web staff in 2009 - 2010 .
By looking at the analytics it 's possible to correlate the costs of building these sites with the number of visitors .
One headline statistic was that the UK Trade and Investment website averaged 28,000 users per month but cost over £ 4 m to build - so each site visitor cost £ 11.78 .
As an exercise , I took a deeper look at the websites in the COI report to see what technology they 're using .
These are leading central government websites so it's an interesting sample .
I wanted to characterise the sites from the information available on the Internet - were they built using Microsoft technology as evidenced by IIS web server , ASP.
NET framework and Windows Server ?
Or were they Open Source based , with Linux OS and Apache web server for example ?
In the end I extracted data for 38 of the websites , and found 25 were using Microsoft and 13 were Open Source .
The majority of the Microsoft sites were running Windows Server 2003 , with one instance each of 2000 and 2008 .
That in itself bucks a global trend , in that over 60 per cent of all websites are based on Apache whereas IIS 5 , 6 and 7 account for one per cent , 20 per cent and three per cent respectively .
Microsoft and its partners have clearly had a strong influence over UK Government procurement decisions .
How much evidence was there of content management systems ( CMS ) usage ?
Very little .
There was a small pocket of Vignette CMS ( now owned by Open Text ) , some Drupal and Joomla , and one instance of Microsoft SharePoint 2007 .
There was a weak correlation between the age of the site and use of CMS - it 's more common in recently published websites .
Were the Microsoft based websites more expensive than the Open Source based ones ?
I ran a non-parametric statistical test ( Mann - Whitney ) on the two samples and the short answer is that there 's no significant difference .
This shows that the overall costs of building these sites out - stripped the licensing costs .
Do these sites seem like good value for the UK taxpayer ?
At an average non -staff cost of £ 2.5 m per website , absolutely not .
I read the report many times to understand how HM Revenue and Customs could spend £ 35 m on www.businesslink.gov.uk.
I just can't figure out how .
What 's the lesson ?
The licensing model of the underlying technology is n't a significant factor in determining website costs .
Free and Open Source Software wo n't matter when a consultancy or outsourcing company loads up a contract with tasks requiring many person weeks of expensive billable time .
If there is n't a FOSS advantage , there 's still clearly a commercial off - the - shelf ( COTS ) advantage .
One of the main purposes of these sites ( apart from serving static information pages ) is to provide a portal for file download .
Disclaimer
Commercial open source software packages such as CogniDox allow you to do this in a completely secure and flexible manner .
It costs thousands of pounds , not millions , and it delivers those features out of the box .
And it has competitors such as Alfresco and Nuxeo that can also do the same .
Paul Walsh is the CEO of Cognidox , a Cambridge , UK developer of web - based document management software
This article was originally posted at Cognidox .
2/6/10 Editor :
This was found a a Facebook page during the days immediately preceeding the vote for the House version of SB6 .
The post was so long it was painstakingly broken up into the alloted comment space , one comment after another .
It is posted here in full because it is easier to read in one location .
I do not know Cagle Miller - Jamee , but she speaks to me and many others .
It is her story and , at the same time , our story too .
Enjoy .
I rise before dawn each day and find myself nestled in my classroom hours before the morning commute is in full swing in downtown Orlando .
I scour the web along with countless other resources to create meaningful learning experiences for my 24 students each day .
I reflect on the successes of lessons taught and re-work ideas until I feel confident that they will meet the needs of my diverse learners .
I have finished my third cup of coffee in my classroom before the business world has stirred .
My contracted hours begin at 7:00 and end at 3:00 .
As the sun sets around me and people are beginning to enjoy their dinner , I lock my classroom door , having worked 4 hours unpaid .
I greet the smiling faces of my students and am reminded anew of their challenges , struggles , successes , failures , quirks , and needs .
I review their 504s , their IEPs , their PMPs , their histories trying to reach them from every angle possible .
They come in hungry — I feed them .
They come in angry — I counsel them .
They come in defeated — I encourage them .
And this is all before the bell rings .
I am a teacher in Florida .
I am told that every student in my realm must score on or above grade level on the FCAT each year .
Never mind their learning discrepancies , their unstable home lives , their prior learning experiences .
In the spring , they are all assessed with one measure and if they do n’t fit , I have failed .
Students walk through my doors reading at a second grade level and by year ’s end can independently read and comprehend early 4th grade texts , but this is no matter .
One of my students has already missed 30 school days this year , but that is overlooked .
If they do n’t perform well on this ONE test in early March , their learning gains are irrelevant .
They did n’t learn enough .
They did n’t grow enough .
I failed them .
In the three months that remain in the school year after this test , I am expected to begin teaching 5th grade curriculum to my 4th grade students so that they are prepared for next year ’s test .
I am a teacher in Florida .
I am expected to create a culture of students who will go on to become the leaders of our world .
When they exit my classroom , they should be fully equipped to compete academically on a global scale .
They must be exposed to different worldviews and diverse perspectives , and yet , most of my students have never left Sanford , Florida .
Field trips are now frivolous .
I must provide new learning opportunities for them without leaving the four walls of our classroom .
So I plan .
I generate new ways to expose them to life beyond their neighborhoods through online exploration and digital field trips .
I stay up past The Tonight Show to put together a unit that will allow them to experience St. Augustine without getting on a bus .
I spend weekends taking pictures and creating a virtual world for them to experience , since the State has determined it is no longer worthwhile for them to explore reality .
Yes .
My students must be prepared to work within diverse communities , and yet they are not afforded the right to ever experience life beyond their own town .
I am a teacher in Florida .
I accepted a lower salary with the promise of a small increase for every year taught .
I watched my friends with less education than me sign on for six figure jobs while I embraced my $ 28 k starting salary .
I was assured as I signed my contract that although it was meager to start , my salary would consistently grow each year .
That promise has been broken .
I ’m still working with a meager salary , and the steps that were contracted to me when I accepted a lower salary are now deemed “ unnecessary . ”
I am a teacher in Florida .
I spent $ 2500 in my first year alone to outfit an empty room so that it would promote creative thinking and a desire to learn and explore .
I now average between $ 1000 - 2000 that I pay personally to supplement the learning experiences that take place in my classroom .
I print at home on my personal printer and have burned through 12 ink cartridges this school year alone .
I purchase the school supplies my students do not have .
I buy authentic literature so my students can be exposed to authors and worlds beyond their textbooks .
I am required to teach Social Studies and Writing without any curriculum / materials provided , so I purchase them myself .
I am required to conduct Science lab without Science materials , so I buy those , too .
The budgeting process has determined that copies of classroom materials are too costly , so I resort to paying for my copies at Staples , refusing to compromise my students ’ education because high - ranking officials are making inappropriate cuts .
It is February , and my entire class is out of glue sticks .
Since I have already spent the $ 74 allotted to me for warehouse supplies , if I do n’t buy more , we will not have glue for the remainder of the year .
The projects I dream up are limited by the incomprehensible lack of financial support .
I am expected to inspire my students to become lifelong learners , and yet we do n’t have the resources needed to nurture their natural sense of wonder if I do n’t purchase them myself .
My meager earning is now pathetic after the expenses that come with teaching effectively .
I am a teacher in Florida .
The government has scolded me for failing to prepare my students to compete in this technologically driven world .
Students in Japan are much more equipped to think progressively with regards to technology .
Each day , I turn on the two computers afforded me and pray for a miracle .
I apply for grants to gain new access to technology and compete with thousands of other teachers who are hoping for the same opportunity .
I battle for the right to use the computer lab and feel fortunate if my students get to see it once a week .
Why do n’t they know how to use technology ?
The system ’s budget refuses to include adequate technology in classrooms ; instead , we are continually told that dry erase boards and overhead projectors are more than enough .
I am a teacher in Florida .
I went to school at one of the best universities in the country and completed undergraduate and graduate programs in Education .
I am a master of my craft .
I know what effective teaching entails , and I know how to manage the curriculum and needs of the diverse learners in my full inclusion classroom .
I graduated at the top of my class and entered my first year of teaching confident and equipped to teach effectively .
Sadly , I am now being micro-managed , with my instruction dictated to me .
I am expected to mold “ out - of - the - box ” thinkers while I am forced to stay within the lines of the instructional plans mandated by policy - makers .
I am told what I am to teach and when , regardless of the makeup of my students , by decision - makers far away from my classroom or even my school .
The message comes in loud and clear that a group of people in business suits can more effectively determine how to provide exemplary instruction than I can .
My expertise is waved away , disregarded , and overlooked .
I am treated like a day - laborer , required to follow the steps mapped out for me , rather than blaze a trail that I deem more appropriate and effective for my students — students these decision - makers have never met .
I am a teacher in Florida .
I am overworked , underpaid , and unappreciated by most .
I spend my weekends , my vacations , and my summers preparing for school , and I constantly work to improve my teaching to meet the needs of my students .
I am being required to do more and more , and I ’m being compensated less and less .
I am a teacher in Florida , not for the pay or the hardships , the disregard or the disrespect ; I am a teacher in Florida because I am given the chance to change lives for the good , to educate and elevate the minds and hearts of my students , and to show them that success comes in all shapes and sizes , both in the classroom and in the community .
I am a teacher in Florida today , but as I watch many of my incredible , devoted coworkers being forced out of the profession as a matter of survival , I wonder :
How long will I be able to remain a teacher in Florida ?
Cagle Miller - Jamee
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Email
Pinterest
Tumblr
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
April 2 , 2010
Categories : Education , Florida , Letters , Tangerine blog .
Tags : Arne Duncan , Cagle Miller - James , California , Charlie Crist , Dockery , Florida , Help , John Thrasher , Lake Mary Elementary , McCollum , Merit Pay , New York , Obama , Ohio , SB6 , Seminole County , Steve Barnes , Tallahassee , teacher , Texas .
Author : tangerineflorida
24 Comments
Sorry , the comment form is closed at this time .
Comments RSS
I stumbled upon this today at a site called Bad Ass of the Week expecting a short blurb about someone who de-armed a mine , not the inspiring story of Aka Ra and how one man who spent 30 years in conscripted armies ( the Khmer rouge after his parents were killed with their axes , the Vietnamese and then the Cambodian ) laying mines throughout the country and then jumped at the chance to learn how to deactivate them and went on a one man army to do just that .
From Wiki we discover not only does he do that , but he also works to save children in trouble and need .
Aki Ra is a former Khmer Rouge conscripted child soldier who worked as a deminer and museum curator in Siem Reap , Cambodia .
He and his wife Hourt brought home nearly 20 disadvantaged children .
" I only take the worst kids ...
The ones on glue or yaba ( methamphetamine ) , with no families .
They get caught stealing .
They have trouble with the authorities .
The police beat them .
Some of them were living in the streets , begging . " [ 1 ]
They provide these children with an education and family atmosphere .
From 1993 to 2007 , Aki Ra removed landmines and unexploded ordnance ( UXO ) by hand in Cambodia .
He employs very unusual demining techniques , usually working only with a knife and a sharp stick .
Now Wiki explains it rather blandly , so I will use Bad ass as the main source for this because the creator has put his actions into the words that deserve them .
by the time the United Nations rolled into Cambodia in 1994 Aki Ra was getting pretty tired of blowing people up and turning his own countryside into one massive cascading explosion .
So , when the UN decided to start giving people training in how to safely and effectively remove land mines , Aki Ra jumped at the chance to atone for his previous work and start undoing everything he'd been working on for the past two decades .
He accomplished this in a pretty damned spectacular manner :
" I will do anything to make my country safe .
Sometimes I get nervous , but that is rare .
In 20 years I 've never been injured . "
The UN trained Aki in the proper application of protective bomb - proof armor , mine detector operation , and sweep - and - clear removal processes for dealing with dense fields of high explosives , but when those guys left town , Aki realized he did n't have very much in the way of money or equipment .
Still , this unstoppable powerhouse of mine - clearing insanity was n't going to be deterred from accomplishing his new found goal in life simply by something as stupid as " not having access to the sort of mine sweeping gear you need in order to not die while removing mines " , and just decided to go out and start digging anti-personnel grenades out of the ground with a shovel and jamming sticks in them until they stopped being capable of blowing his arm completely out of socket and depositing the charred appendage in the South China Sea .
The head - smashing ridiculousness of what this guy is doing is only further demonstrated by the fact that this human bomb - clearing robot can dig out , clear , and defuse a standard land mine in about two minutes – a process that usually takes the United Nations bomb teams something more on the order of one to two hours .
Anyone who has visited the wonderful Temples of Angkor Wat have Aki Ra to thank .
He single handledly cleared them of landmines so people could worship or visit and as one of Cambodia 's major tourist attractions so should his government , who at the time instead harassed him for his work .
After the temples were dearmed he went on to local playgrounds and farmlands .
Places that no one could farm thanks to the mines and children could not play and survive unless they wanted to take a high percent chance that they would be blown up .
Thanks in no small part to the work of this one man , the number of accidental landmine casualties in Cambodia dropped from 3,047 to 1,109 in the three - year span from 1996 to 1999 .
Eventually Aki Ra had removed so many landmines that his house was overflowing with the shit , so in 1998 he opened the Cambodian Landmine Museum as a place to displace the unexploded ordinance and educate people on how much landmines seriously suck balls .
The place is now a registered NGO , and Aki spends less time personally removing mines and more time training everyone from local villagers to Cambodian Army soldiers in his insane , completely - unlicensed and largely - unapproved - by - any - rational - human - being strategy of digging up and disarming mines with his fists .
He now has a team of over 1,000 people working in de-mining operations across the country , and claims that in the 16 years he has been on the job he 's personally removed and cleared over 50,000 mines by himself .
Now back to Wiki , they explain the difficulties he had to overcome to set up his museum
A new Museum was opened in 2007 thanks to the fund raising efforts of the Cambodian Landmine Museum Relief Fund .
In order to secure certification for Cambodia 's only landmine museum , Aki Ra was required to cease his ' uncertified ' demining activities .
He did so in early 2007 .
Since that time he has been attempting to register a new NGO , Cambodian Self Help Demining ( CSHD ) , and have it certified by the Cambodian Mine Action Authority .
The Landmine Relief Fund has had a representative in the country since January 2008 working to secure registration and certification .
CSHD became a registered Cambodian NGO in May 2008 and secured its provisional demining certificate in June , and was fully certified in November 2008 .
Aki Ra has re-started his demining efforts , concentrating on ' low priority ' villages throughout the Kingdom .
Sadly his wife died last April in her sleep from illness .
Yet he continues to work on stripping Cambodia from its active mines and there is a movie being made about his life : " Year Zero , Story of a Khmer Rouge Soldier "
I apologize for the lack of analysis in this but sometimes you find a depiction and story that says it so much better than you could yourself it seems wrong to not allow that to be the words people read .
There is much more at the sites I linked as well as here , with the story he relates :
Child Soldier digs up the past to save lives in the future .
NZ Herald
He laughs at the mention of protective shoes and jackets .
But when he talks about his charges - the Bouncing Bettys , the remote - controlled Mon 50s and the Type 72s - it is with an enthusiasm bordering on affection .
" I will do anything to make my country safe , " he says .
" Sometimes I get nervous , but that is rare .
In 20 years I 've never been injured . "
His friend Am might beg to differ .
He lost his years ago when he stepped on a Type 72 .
He has since stepped on six more mines , but each time the wooden leg is blown off .
" But that was before he met me , " Aki Ra says with a grin as he prises TNT away from a Russian PMN mine .
Another link has the story of one his " children " :
" Seven years ago I was playing , digging in the woods , when I hit a mortar bomb , " Em says , explaining the accident that took his arm .
" The hospital did n't want to help me because my family had no money . "
These days
Em lives at the Cambodian Landmine Museum in Siem Reap along with 20 or so other children , all survivors of landmine accidents .
Under the fatherly gaze of Cambodian demining legend Aki Ra , the children , all of them from extremely disadvantaged backgrounds , many of them orphans , receive health care and rehabilitation , a place to live and schooling , and a chance to escape the dangerous prospects of Cambodia 's landmine - strewn countryside .
FCC Cambodia .
Digging up the past
Here is his Official Site of the Cambodia Land Mine Museum
Update : I can't tell if the whole short film is here , but it looks like it , at least the trailer is for sure .
( i cant watch video )
Year Zero documentary
BY THE standards of the protests that typically accompany summits of world leaders , the damage following last weekend 's G20 gathering in Toronto was relatively modest : some broken shop windows downtown and a few burnt - out police cars .
Yet the unrest has prompted an orgy of handwringing in Canada 's financial capital , which still clings to its moniker bestowed by a Victorian - era mayor of Toronto the Good .
According to the mayor , David Miller , protests in the city have generally been nonviolent , and tended to congregate around the American consulate .
That made many locals consider the government 's security preparations overkill .
A whopping C$ 1 billion ( $ 1 billion ) was spent to protect the G8 and G20 summits ( the latter was held in Huntsville , north of the city ) .
Part of this went to building an unsightly concrete and steel fence downtown , and setting up ringed cordons manned by some 15,000 police within it .
In contrast , the demonstrations never exceeded 10,000 people .
However , the protesters did abandon their traditional preference for symbols of foreign imperialism and attacked local banks and shops .
“ The idea that this was an effective way to show off Toronto to foreign guests is bewilderingly stupid ” , opined the Toronto Star .
“ Canadian authorities created a city no citizen could recognise and no visitor could admire .
Then , they allowed a pack of brutes to trash it . ”
Other critics accused the police of doing too much rather than too little .
Although there were no cases of outright brutality , security forces did use rubber bullets and tear gas to subdue protesters — the latter for the first time in recent memory .
They were also surprisingly indiscriminate in their choice of targets : among the 900 people arrested were journalists and civil - rights observers , and one peaceful crowd was broken up just after completing a lusty rendition of “ O Canada ” , the national anthem .
The scene has prompted many Canadians to question their long - held assumptions about their own , well , goodness .
Some stout patriots found Canadian authorship of such rabblerousing inconceivable .
Both Mr Miller and the publisher of the country 's largest newspaper , who wrote a front - page editorial , said they were sure that foreigners or “ the violent dregs of nihilism from around the world ” , as the publisher put it , were responsible .
The prime minister , Stephen Harper , has opted for a few - bad - apples explanation : he called the protesters “ thugs ” and said their actions justified the security expense .
Some Toronto newspapers called the conflicts historic , forgetting the frequent 19th riots between Irish Protestants and Catholics , some of which were bigger and more violent .
With the summit over , most residents will simply be happy to return to their customary civility .
On Monday morning at Union Station , a busy commuter hub , a policeman , riot helmet dangling from his belt , stood at the bottom of a flight of stairs warning people the wet floor was slippery and they should watch their step .
No one seemed to think he was being anything but solicitous .
As the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico hemorrhages toward its third month , there 's a big question about which very little is being said :
How is it making the fish feel ?
How is the quality of life for individual fishes being impacted by this latest marine ecological disaster ?
This is a fundamentally different question than : " How is the spill affecting fish stocks ? " or " To what extent is seafood being contaminated ? "
Those more typical questions reveal part of the underlying problem with oil spills : the anthropocentric belief that the world was put here for us - that it is something to exploit for our own ends .
Why do n't the myriad media reports on the spill include inquiries about the welfare of affected fishes .
The main reason for this is that we do n't usually think of fishes as sentient individuals .
( As a case in point , while I typed this blog my spelling - and - grammar - checker highlighted my use of the subjective " who " [ instead of the objective " what " ] to refer to fishes . )
But new research shows that fishes have minds and feelings .
Rigorous scientific studies show that they experience pain , that they cooperate , and that they have individual preferences .
Fishes monitor the behavior of others and some even form image scores based on their observations .
Our concern over the impact of oil spills commonly takes on ecological proportions , but rarely ethical ones .
We legitimately worry about the impact on beaches and habitats for creatures who live above the water surface .
I , too , am concerned about the slick 's impact on pelicans , sea otters and marsh life .
But we seem to have forsaken the organisms that are perhaps most affected by disasters like this : fishes .
Our use of dispersants - which , as the name implies , break the oil into smaller particles - reflects our against fish .
Dispersants are not fish - friendly .
It is hoped that these particles will be consumed by bacteria , but dispersants also make oil more easily digested by fishes , who may also become coated by the fine oil particles .
Both scenarios are lethal .
Five years ago , a National Academy of Sciences study concluded that using a dispersant represents trying to save the beach at the expense of the ocean .
To date , more than a million gallons of dispersant have been sprayed on the gulf slick .
So , how is the spill making fishes feel ?
I suspect there are many sick and dying fishes swimming in the gulf these days .
There seem to be very few images of affected animals of any sort surfacing in the media , and some have claimed that British Petroleum is trying to suppress such images to minimize the public relations fallout .
How culpable are we for the disaster ?
We all share a portion of blame insofar as we are oil consumers .
What should we do about it ?
We need to reduce our demand for the stuff .
Eat lower on the food - chain , leave the car keys at home , get a programmable thermostat , solarize - these are all worthwhile steps .
And we should start giving more consideration to the scaly beings beneath the surface , who are already under unprecedented assault to satisfy the palates of those who still want fish on the menu .
FLOSS Manuals Expands Its Open Source Documentation Effort
by Ostatic Staff - May. 13 , 2010
It 's been a while since we here at OStatic checked in on FLOSS Manuals , an ambitious effort to produce free , online documentation for open source software that we initially covered in this post .
FLOSS Manuals is an excellent learning and reference resource for titles such as OpenOffice , Firefox , Audacity , Blender , Inkscape and more .
Here are some of the details on what 's new there .
Since our last look at the free manuals that FLOSS Manuals includes , the site has expanded its coverage of open source projects markedly .
In addition to the manuals that the site has always housed , there are now links to fee - based online books on various topics , such as this one on how people living under restrictive government regimes can bypass Internet censorship ( housed on Lulu.com ) .
There is no shortage of free documentation on the site , though .
Here is a free guide to Handbrake , which is one of the best open source applications for working with video and DVDs .
And here is a free guide to Campcaster , which is open source radio management software that is especially good for producing live broadcasts .
FLOSS
Manuals also has an excellent , free guide to VLC Media Player , one of the very best open source media players .
The manuals found at FLOSS Manuals remain high in quality , and are reasonably exhaustive .
For example , in cases where open source applications is available for Mac OSX , Windows and Linux , FLOSS Manuals ' provides installation instructions for all three platforms .
Given that one of the persistent criticisms of open source software is lack of documentation , FLOSS Manuals is worth checking out .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ArjfHI4ODC0&feature=player_embedded[/youtube]
Extreme inline skater Taig Khris jumped off the Eiffel Tower in Paris for setting a new free - fall world record .
Thousands of tourists and locals gathered at the French landmark over the weekend to witness the extreme rollerblader set the new world freefall record of 12.5 metres ( 41 feet ) .
The Frenchman threw himself from the bottom section of the tower dropping 10 m before landing on a 30 m - high ramp .
I have never had such a strong adrenaline rush , he told news agency AFP after the jump , in which he beat the 8.53 - metre record set by American Danny Way .
Senate and House Vote Roll Call on U.S. Patriot Act 2001 & 2006
From Ken Adachi , Editor
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/patriotact20012006senatevote.shtml
October 27 , 2006
These are the 98 U.S. senators for voted in favor of the US Patriot Act of 2001 ( Senator Landrieu ( D - LA ) did not vote ) Senator Russ Feingold of Wisconsin was the only senator who voted against the Patriot Act on October 24 , of 2001 .
http://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=107&session=1&vote=00313
Akaka ( D - HI ) , Yea
Allard ( R- CO ) , Yea
Allen ( R - VA ) , Yea
Baucus ( D - MT ) , Yea
Bayh ( D - IN ) , Yea
Bennett ( R - UT ) , Yea
Biden ( D - DE ) , Yea
Bingaman ( D - NM ) , Yea
Bond ( R - MO ) , Yea
Boxer ( D - CA ) , Yea
Breaux ( D - LA ) , Yea
Brownback ( R- KS ) , Yea
Bunning ( R - KY ) , Yea
Burns ( R - MT ) , Yea
Byrd ( D - WV ) , Yea
Campbell ( R- CO ) , Yea
Cantwell ( D - WA ) , Yea
Carnahan ( D - MO ) , Yea
Carper ( D - DE ) , Yea
Chafee ( R - RI ) , Yea
Cleland ( D - GA ) , Yea
Clinton ( D - NY ) , Yea
Cochran ( R - MS ) , Yea
Collins ( R- ME ) , Yea
Conrad ( D - ND ) , Yea
Corzine ( D - NJ ) , Yea
Craig ( R - ID ) , Yea
Crapo ( R - ID ) , Yea
Daschle ( D - SD ) , Yea
Dayton ( D - MN ) , Yea
DeWine ( R - OH ) , Yea
Dodd ( D - CT ) , Yea
Domenici ( R-NM ) , Yea
Dorgan ( D - ND ) , Yea
Durbin ( D - IL ) , Yea
Edwards ( D - NC ) , Yea
Ensign ( R-NV ) , Yea
Enzi ( R - WY ) , Yea
Feinstein ( D - CA ) , Yea
Fitzgerald ( R- IL ) , Yea
Frist ( R - TN ) , Yea
Graham ( D - FL ) , Yea
Gramm ( R - TX ) , Yea
Grassley ( R- IA ) , Yea
Gregg ( R-NH ) , Yea
Hagel ( R-NE ) , Yea
Harkin ( D - IA ) , Yea
Hatch ( R - UT ) , Yea
Helms ( R-NC ) , Yea
Hollings ( D - SC ) , Yea
Hutchinson ( R - AR ) , Yea
Hutchison ( R - TX ) , Yea
Inhofe ( R - OK ) , Yea
Inouye ( D - HI ) , Yea
Jeffords ( I - VT ) , Yea
Johnson ( D - SD ) , Yea
Kennedy ( D - MA ) , Yea
Kerry ( D - MA ) , Yea
Kohl ( D - WI ) , Yea
Kyl ( R - AZ ) , Yea
Leahy ( D - VT ) , Yea
Levin ( D - MI ) , Yea
Lieberman ( D - CT ) , Yea
Lincoln ( D - AR ) , Yea
Lott ( R - MS ) , Yea
Lugar ( R - IN ) , Yea
McCain ( R - AZ ) , Yea
McConnell ( R- KY ) , Yea
Mikulski ( D - MD ) , Yea
Miller ( D - GA ) , Yea
Murkowski ( R - AK ) , Yea
Murray ( D - WA ) , Yea
Nelson ( D - FL ) , Yea
Nelson ( D - NE ) , Yea
Nickles ( R - OK ) , Yea
Reed ( D - RI ) , Yea
Reid ( D - NV ) , Yea
Roberts ( R-KS ) , Yea
Rockefeller ( D - WV ) , Yea
Santorum ( R - PA ) , Yea
Sarbanes ( D - MD ) , Yea
Schumer ( D - NY ) , Yea
Sessions ( R - AL ) , Yea
Shelby ( R - AL ) , Yea
Smith ( R-NH ) , Yea
Smith ( R - OR ) , Yea
Snowe ( R - ME ) , Yea
Specter ( R - PA ) , Yea
Stabenow ( D - MI ) , Yea
Stevens ( R - AK ) , Yea
Thomas ( R - WY ) , Yea
Thompson ( R - TN ) , Yea
Thurmond ( R- SC ) , Yea
Torricelli ( D - NJ ) , Yea
Voinovich ( R - OH ) , Yea
Warner ( R - VA ) , Yea
Wellstone ( D - MN ) , Yea
Wyden ( D - OR ) , Yea
These are the 89 U.S. senators who voted in favor of the March 2 , 2006 Patriot Act Reauthorizing Act
Alexander ( R - TN )
Allard ( R - CO )
Allen ( R - VA )
Baucus ( D - MT )
Bayh ( D - IN )
Bennett ( R - UT )
Biden ( D - DE )
Bond ( R - MO )
Boxer ( D - CA )
Brownback ( R -KS )
Bunning ( R - KY )
Burns ( R - MT )
Burr ( R - NC )
Cantwell ( D - WA )
Carper ( D - DE )
Chafee ( R - RI )
Chambliss ( R - GA )
Clinton ( D - NY )
Coburn ( R - OK )
Cochran ( R - MS )
Coleman ( R - MN )
Collins ( R - ME )
Conrad ( D - ND )
Cornyn ( R - TX )
Craig ( R - ID )
Crapo ( R - ID )
Dayton ( D - MN )
DeMint ( R - SC )
DeWine ( R - OH )
Dodd ( D - CT ) Dole ( R - NC )
Domenici ( R - NM )
Dorgan ( D - ND )
Durbin ( D - IL )
Ensign ( R - NV )
Enzi ( R - WY )
Feinstein ( D - CA )
Frist ( R - TN )
Graham ( R - SC )
Grassley ( R - IA )
Gregg ( R - NH )
Hagel ( R - NE )
Hatch ( R - UT )
Hutchison ( R - TX )
Inhofe ( R - OK )
Isakson ( R - GA )
Johnson ( D - SD )
Kennedy ( D - MA )
Kerry ( D - MA )
Kohl ( D - WI )
Kyl ( R - AZ )
Landrieu ( D - LA )
Lautenberg ( D - NJ )
Lieberman ( D - CT )
Lincoln ( D - AR )
Lott ( R - MS )
Lugar ( R - IN )
Martinez ( R-FL )
McCain ( R - AZ )
McConnell ( R - KY ) Menendez ( D - NJ )
Mikulski ( D - MD )
Murkowski ( R - AK )
Nelson ( D - FL )
Nelson ( D - NE )
Obama ( D - IL )
Pryor ( D - AR )
Reed ( D - RI )
Reid ( D - NV )
Roberts ( R-KS )
Rockefeller ( D - WV )
Salazar ( D - CO )
Santorum ( R - PA )
Sarbanes ( D - MD )
Schumer ( D - NY )
Sessions ( R - AL )
Shelby ( R - AL )
Smith ( R - OR )
Snowe ( R - ME )
Specter ( R - PA )
Stabenow ( D - MI )
Stevens ( R - AK )
Sununu ( R - NH )
Talent ( R - MO )
Thomas ( R - WY )
Thune ( R - SD )
Vitter ( R - LA )
Voinovich ( R - OH )
Warner ( R - VA )
These are the 10 US senators who voted against the Patriot Act Reauthorizing Act of March 2006 .
The senators in bold type voted in favor of the Patriot Act in 2001 .
NAYs ---10
Akaka ( D - HI )
Bingaman ( D - NM )
Byrd ( D - WV )
Feingold ( D - WI )
Harkin ( D - IA )
Jeffords ( I - VT )
Leahy ( D - VT )
Levin ( D - MI )
Murray ( D - WA )
Wyden ( D - OR )
Inouye ( D - HI ) did not vote on the 2006 Patriot Act Renewal
U.S. House of Representatives Vote on US Patritot Act 2001 & 2006
House Vote Roll Call for the Patriot Act 2001 of October 24 , 2001
http://clerk.house.gov/evs/2001/roll398.xml
FINAL VOTE RESULTS FOR ROLL CALL 398 ( Republicans in roman ; Democrats in italic ; Independents underlined )
H R 3162 2/3 YEA -AND - NAY 24 - Oct-2001 11:05 AM
QUESTION : On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass
BILL TITLE :
To deter and punish terrorist acts in the United States and around the world
Yeas Nays PRES NV Republican 211 3 5 Democratic 145 62 4 Independent 1 1 TOTALS 357 66 9
---- YEAS 357 --- ( These 357 House members voted in Favor of the 2001 Patriot Act )
Ackerman
Aderholt
Akin
Allen
Andrews
Armey
Baca
Bachus
Baird
Baker
Baldacci
Ballenger
Barcia
Barr
Bartlett
Barton
Bass
Becerra
Bentsen
Bereuter
Berkley
Berman
Berry
Biggert
Bishop
Blagojevich
Blunt
Boehlert
Boehner
Bonilla
Bono
Borski
Boswell
Boyd
Brady ( PA )
Brady ( TX )
Brown ( FL )
Brown ( SC )
Bryant
Burr
Buyer
Callahan
Calvert
Camp
Cannon
Cantor
Capito
Capps
Cardin
Carson ( IN )
Carson ( OK )
Castle
Chabot
Chambliss
Clement
Clyburn
Coble
Collins
Combest
Condit
Cooksey
Costello
Cox
Cramer
Crane
Crenshaw
Crowley
Culberson
Cunningham
Davis ( CA )
Davis ( FL )
Davis , Jo Ann
Davis , Tom
Deal
Delahunt
DeLauro
DeLay
DeMint
Deutsch
Diaz - Balart
Dicks
Doggett
Dooley
Doolittle
Doyle
Dreier
Duncan
Dunn
Edwards
Ehlers
Ehrlich
Emerson
Engel
English
Eshoo
Etheridge
Evans
Everett
Fattah
Ferguson
Flake
Fletcher
Foley
Forbes
Ford
Fossella
Frelinghuysen
Frost
Gallegly
Ganske
Gekas
Gephardt
Gibbons
Gilchrest
Gillmor
Gilman
Gonzalez
Goode
Goodlatte
Gordon
Goss
Graham
Granger
Graves
Green ( TX )
Green ( WI )
Greenwood
Grucci
Gutierrez
Gutknecht
Hall ( OH )
Hall ( TX )
Harman
Hart
Hastings ( WA )
Hayes
Hayworth
Hefley
Herger
Hilleary
Hinchey
Hinojosa
Hobson
Hoeffel
Hoekstra
Holden
Holt
Hooley
Horn
Hostettler
Houghton
Hoyer
Hulshof
Hunter
Hyde
Inslee
Isakson
Israel
Issa
Istook
Jefferson
Jenkins
John
Johnson ( CT )
Johnson ( IL )
Johnson , Sam
Jones ( NC )
Kanjorski
Kaptur
Keller
Kelly
Kennedy ( MN )
Kennedy ( RI )
Kerns
Kildee
Kind ( WI )
King ( NY )
Kingston
Kirk
Kleczka
Knollenberg
Kolbe
LaFalce
LaHood
Lampson
Langevin
Lantos
Largent
Larsen ( WA )
Larson ( CT )
Latham
LaTourette
Leach
Levin
Lewis ( CA )
Lewis ( KY )
Linder
Lipinski
LoBiondo
Lofgren
Lowey
Lucas ( KY )
Lucas ( OK )
Luther
Lynch
Maloney ( CT )
Maloney ( NY )
Manzullo
Markey
Mascara
Matheson
Matsui
McCarthy ( MO )
McCarthy ( NY )
McCollum
McCrery
McHugh
McInnis
McIntyre
McKeon
McNulty
Meehan
Meeks ( NY )
Menendez
Mica
Millender - McDonald
Miller , Dan
Miller , Gary
Miller , Jeff
Moore
Moran ( KS )
Moran ( VA )
Morella
Murtha
Myrick
Napolitano
Neal
Nethercutt
Northup
Norwood
Nussle
Obey
Ortiz
Osborne
Ose
Oxley
Pallone
Pascrell
Pelosi
Pence
Peterson ( PA )
Petri
Phelps
Pickering
Pitts
Platts
Pombo
Pomeroy
Portman
Price ( NC )
Pryce ( OH )
Putnam
Quinn
Radanovich
Ramstad
Rangel
Regula
Rehberg
Reyes
Reynolds
Riley
Rodriguez
Roemer
Rogers ( KY )
Rogers ( MI )
Rohrabacher
Ros-Lehtinen
Ross
Rothman
Roukema
Roybal - Allard
Royce
Ryan ( WI )
Ryun ( KS )
Sandlin
Sawyer
Saxton
Schaffer
Schiff
Schrock
Sensenbrenner
Sessions
Shadegg
Shaw
Shays
Sherman
Sherwood
Shimkus
Shows
Shuster
Simmons
Simpson
Skeen
Skelton
Slaughter
Smith ( MI )
Smith ( NJ )
Smith ( TX )
Smith ( WA )
Snyder
Solis
Souder
Spratt
Stearns
Stenholm
Strickland
Stump
Stupak
Sununu
Sweeney
Tancredo
Tanner
Tauscher
Tauzin
Taylor ( MS )
Taylor ( NC )
Terry
Thomas
Thompson ( CA )
Thornberry
Thune
Thurman
Tiahrt
Tiberi
Toomey
Towns
Traficant
Turner
Upton
Vitter
Walden
Walsh
Wamp
Watkins ( OK )
Watts ( OK )
Waxman
Weiner
Weldon ( FL )
Weldon ( PA )
Weller
Wexler
Whitfield
Wicker
Wilson
Wolf
Wynn
Young ( FL )
---- NAYS 66 --- ( These 66 House members voted against the 2001 Patriot Act )
Baldwin
Barrett
Blumenauer
Bonior
Boucher
Brown ( OH )
Capuano
Clayton
Conyers
Coyne
Cummings
Davis ( IL )
DeFazio
DeGette
Dingell
Farr
Filner
Frank
Hastings ( FL )
Hilliard
Honda
Jackson ( IL )
Jackson - Lee ( TX )
Johnson , E. B .
Jones ( OH )
Kucinich
Lee
Lewis ( GA )
McDermott
McGovern
McKinney
Meek ( FL )
Miller , George
Mink
Mollohan
Nadler
Ney
Oberstar
Olver
Otter
Owens
Pastor
Paul
Payne
Peterson ( MN )
Rahall
Rivers
Rush
Sabo
Sanchez
Sanders
Schakowsky
Scott
Serrano
Stark
Thompson ( MS )
Tierney
Udall ( CO )
Udall ( NM )
Velazquez
Visclosky
Waters
Watson ( CA )
Watt ( NC )
Woolsey
Wu
---- NOT VOTING 9 ---
Abercrombie
Bilirakis
Burton
Clay
Cubin
Hansen
Hill
Kilpatrick
Young ( AK )
****
House Vote Roll Call on 2006 Patriot Act Renewal on March 7 , 2006
http://clerk.house.gov/evs/2006/roll020.xml
FINAL VOTE RESULTS FOR ROLL CALL 20 ( Republicans in roman ; Democrats in italic ; Independents underlined )
S 2271 2/3 YEA -AND - NAY 7 - Mar-2006 7:16 PM
QUESTION : On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass
BILL TITLE : USA PATRIOT Act Additional Reauthorizing Amendments Act
Yeas Nays PRES NV Republican 214 13 3 Democratic 66 124 11 Independent 1 TOTALS 280 138 14
---- YEAS 280 --- ( These 280 House members voted in favor of the 2006 Patriot Act Reauthorizing )
Aderholt
Akin
Alexander
Andrews
Bachus
Baird
Baker
Barrett ( SC )
Barrow
Barton ( TX )
Bass
Bean
Beauprez
Berry
Biggert
Bilirakis
Bishop ( GA )
Bishop ( NY )
Blackburn
Blunt
Boehlert
Boehner
Bonilla
Bonner
Bono
Boozman
Boren
Boswell
Boustany
Boyd
Bradley ( NH )
Brady ( TX )
Brown ( SC )
Brown - Waite , Ginny
Burgess
Buyer
Calvert
Camp ( MI )
Campbell ( CA )
Cannon
Cantor
Capito
Cardin
Cardoza
Carnahan
Carter
Case
Castle
Chabot
Chandler
Chocola
Coble
Cole ( OK )
Conaway
Cooper
Cramer
Crenshaw
Cubin
Culberson
Davis ( AL )
Davis ( KY )
Davis ( TN )
Davis , Jo Ann
Davis , Tom
Deal ( GA )
DeLay
Dent
Diaz - Balart , L .
Diaz - Balart , M .
Dicks
Doolittle
Drake
Dreier
Edwards
Ehlers
Emanuel
Emerson
English ( PA )
Etheridge
Everett
Feeney
Ferguson
Fitzpatrick ( PA )
Flake
Foley
Forbes
Ford
Fortenberry
Fossella
Foxx
Franks ( AZ )
Frelinghuysen
Gallegly
Garrett ( NJ )
Gerlach
Gibbons
Gilchrest
Gillmor
Gingrey
Gohmert
Goode
Goodlatte
Granger
Graves
Green ( WI )
Green , Gene
Gutknecht
Hall
Harman
Harris
Hart
Hastings ( WA )
Hayes
Hayworth
Hefley
Hensarling
Herger
Herseth
Higgins
Hobson
Hoekstra
Holden
Hostettler
Hoyer
Hulshof
Hunter
Hyde
Inglis ( SC )
Israel
Issa
Istook
Jenkins
Jindal
Johnson ( CT )
Kanjorski
Kaptur
Keller
Kelly
Kennedy ( MN )
Kind
King ( IA )
King ( NY )
Kingston
Kirk
Kline
Knollenberg
Kolbe
Kuhl ( NY )
LaHood
Langevin
Larsen ( WA )
Latham
LaTourette
Leach
Levin
Lewis ( CA )
Lewis ( KY )
Linder
Lipinski
LoBiondo
Lungren , Daniel E .
Marchant
Marshall
Matheson
McCarthy
McCaul ( TX )
McCotter
McCrery
McHenry
McHugh
McIntyre
McKeon
McMorris
Melancon
Mica
Miller ( FL )
Miller ( MI )
Miller ( NC )
Miller , Gary
Moore ( KS )
Moran ( KS )
Murphy
Murtha
Musgrave
Myrick
Neugebauer
Ney
Northup
Norwood
Nunes
Nussle
Ortiz
Osborne
Pascrell
Pearce
Pence
Peterson ( PA )
Petri
Pickering
Pitts
Platts
Poe
Pombo
Pomeroy
Porter
Price ( GA )
Pryce ( OH )
Putnam
Radanovich
Ramstad
Regula
Rehberg
Reichert
Renzi
Reynolds
Rogers ( AL )
Rogers ( KY )
Rogers ( MI )
Ros-Lehtinen
Ross
Rothman
Royce
Ruppersberger
Ryan ( WI )
Ryun ( KS )
Salazar
Saxton
Schiff
Schmidt
Schwartz ( PA )
Schwarz ( MI )
Scott ( GA )
Sensenbrenner
Sessions
Shadegg
Shaw
Shays
Sherman
Sherwood
Shimkus
Shuster
Simmons
Simpson
Skelton
Smith ( NJ )
Smith ( TX )
Smith ( WA )
Snyder
Sodrel
Souder
Spratt
Stearns
Strickland
Sullivan
Tancredo
Taylor ( MS )
Taylor ( NC )
Terry
Thomas
Thornberry
Tiahrt
Tiberi
Turner
Udall ( CO )
Upton
Van Hollen
Walden ( OR )
Walsh
Wamp
Weldon ( FL )
Weldon ( PA )
Weller
Westmoreland
Whitfield
Wicker
Wilson ( NM )
Wilson ( SC )
Wolf
Wynn
Young ( FL )
---- NAYS 138 --- ( These 138 House members voted against the 2006 Patriot Act Reauthorizing )
Abercrombie
Ackerman
Allen
Baca
Baldwin
Bartlett ( MD )
Becerra
Berkley
Berman
Bishop ( UT )
Blumenauer
Boucher
Brady ( PA )
Brown ( OH )
Brown , Corrine
Butterfield
Capps
Capuano
Carson
Clay
Cleaver
Clyburn
Conyers
Costello
Crowley
Cummings
Davis ( CA )
Davis ( IL )
DeFazio
DeGette
Delahunt
DeLauro
Dingell
Doggett
Doyle
Duncan
Engel
Eshoo
Farr
Fattah
Filner
Frank ( MA )
Gordon
Green , Al
Grijalva
Hastings ( FL )
Hinchey
Holt
Honda
Hooley
Inslee
Jackson ( IL )
Jackson - Lee ( TX )
Jefferson
Johnson ( IL )
Johnson , E. B .
Jones ( NC )
Jones ( OH )
Kennedy ( RI )
Kildee
Kilpatrick ( MI )
Kucinich
Lantos
Larson ( CT )
Lee
Lewis ( GA )
Lofgren , Zoe
Lowey
Lucas
Lynch
Mack
Maloney
Manzullo
Markey
Matsui
McCollum ( MN )
McDermott
McGovern
McKinney
McNulty
Meehan
Meek ( FL )
Michaud
Millender - McDonald
Miller , George
Mollohan
Moore ( WI )
Moran ( VA )
Nadler
Napolitano
Neal ( MA )
Oberstar
Obey
Olver
Otter
Owens
Oxley
Pallone
Pastor
Paul
Pelosi
Peterson ( MN )
Price ( NC )
Rahall
Rangel
Rohrabacher
Roybal - Allard
Rush
Ryan ( OH )
Sabo
Sánchez , Linda T .
Sanchez , Loretta
Sanders
Schakowsky
Scott ( VA )
Serrano
Slaughter
Solis
Stark
Stupak
Tanner
Tauscher
Thompson ( CA )
Thompson ( MS )
Tierney
Towns
Udall ( NM )
Velázquez
Visclosky
Wasserman Schultz
Waters
Watson
Watt
Waxman
Weiner
Woolsey
Wu
Young ( AK )
---- NOT VOTING 14 ---
Last week I visited the Institute for the Early Universe in Seoul , Korea , part of the World Class University project , an initiative of the Korean government to build forefront research institutions .
It is situated on the Ewha Womens University campus , the world 's largest female - only University .
I felt out - of - place walking around , not because I 'm obviously a foreigner , but because I was male in a sea of women .
The physics classes at Ewha are filled with women , which is ( unfortunately ) radically different from the majority of other institutions .
In 18 months the IEU has built an impressive program , with a number of outstanding faculty ( including George Smoot , Eric Linder , Uros Seljak , Bruce Grossan , and Changrim Ahn ) and postdocs ( including Reiko Nakajima , Scott Daniel , and Teppei Okumura ) in both short and long - term residence , and a great visitor program ( Ue - li Pen from CITA / Toronto was also in town last week ) .
I 've had productive collaborations with both Eric and Uros in the past , and it was great to get time with them .
I 've gotten temporarily excited about trying to test whether our Universe is described by a metric theory , but have been getting little traction thus far .
Last Friday
I wandered over to Yonsei and had a very interesting chat with Joe Silk , who was in town for a workshop .
My inaugural dinner with the institute folk set the tone .
We went out to a local seafood restaurant .
Walking in one passed a number of tanks , filled with live fish , eels , octopus , and various other unrecognizable ocean dwellers .
The table next to ours consisted of three Korean women enjoying octopus sashimi .
We promptly ordered some for ourselves .
The octopuses were extracted from their tank , hauled into the kitchen for a few minutes , and then presented neatly cubed .
Octopuses have a fairly unusual autonomic nervous system , with many neurons present in the tentacles rather than the brain .
This is a long - winded way of saying that a plate of fresh octopus is a writhing , tangled affair .
You rapidly learn to coat the agitating bits in sesame oil before consuming ,
otherwise the suction cups stick to the interior of one 's mouth , somewhat compromising the whole experience .
Needless to say , it is a strange sensation .
But entirely delicious .
We were clearly amateurs .
George managed to inveigle himself a personal lesson from one of the Korean women in how to eat octopus sashimi ( only afterwards did she learn she was teaching a Nobel laureate ) .
The lesson consisted of the woman taking an entire live octopus , carefully wrapping the tentacles around a wooden chopstick ( metal does n't work ) , and then consuming the entire octopus popsicle in one fell swoop .
As she indulged , there were tentacles coming out of her mouth and desperately grabbing her face , clearly displeased with the turn of events .
It was starkly reminiscent of Aliens ( with some amount of role reversal ) .
It is one of the more unsettling things I 've seen .
Tristan Donovan , a U.K. writer who has contributed to Edge and The Guardian , has just released a new book called Replay : The History of Video Games .
Wired.com is pleased to share several excerpts from this exhaustive , wide - ranging book .
Previously , we looked at the development of Nimrod , the first gaming computer .
In this excerpt , Donovan tells of the earliest days of videogame design in France .
( NB : Some of the links below are to French - language sites .
Most of them have cool pictures , though . )
Excerpt : Replay : The History of Video Games — — — — — — — — — — — —— —-
Paris was a war zone .
Egged on by the Vietnam War and the rebellious rhetoric of the Situationist International , thousands marched on the city streets demanding revolution .
They spray - painted slogans onto the city 's walls : " Demand the Impossible , " " Imagination Is Seizing Power , " " Make Love , Not War " and " Boredom Is Counter - Revolutionary . "
France 's trade unions sided with the protestors and encouraged wildcat strikes across the nation in a show of solidarity .
The government had lost control and France teetered on the brink of revolution .
For a few days in May 1968 it looked as if the motley coalition of students , trade unions , Trotskyites , anti-capitalists , situationists , anarchists and Maoists would win their fight for revolution .
Ultimately they did not .
In early June , the protests died out thanks to a combination of government capitulation and crackdowns on the protestors .
But the failed revolution inspired many .
Among them was Jean - Louis Le Breton .
" I was 16 in ' 68 and part of the protests in Paris , " he said .
" Our teachers were on strike and we had a lot of discussions .
We thought we could change the world .
It was both a period of political consciousness and of utopia . "
During the late 1970s and early 1980s Le Breton explored his desire to challenge the status quo via music .
Then in 1982 he found a new outlet .
" I exchanged my synthesizers for the first Apple computer delivered in France , the Apple II , " he said .
" At that time , Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak were presented as two guys working in their garage – such a pleasant image in opposition with IBM .
I found that programming in BASIC was easy and fun and I could imagine a lot of amusements with this fascinating machine .
It was possible to take power over computers and bring them into the mad galaxy of my young and open mind . "
Le Breton had played video games before but did n't like them : " I was interested by the fact that you could move the character , but it was no fun .
Too many fights .
Not for me . "
But after playing Sierra 's illustrated text adventure Mystery House , he decided to write a game of his own .
" The graphics and scenario of Mystery House were such bad quality that I thought I could easily produce the same kind of game , " he said .
The result was 1983's Le Vampire Fou , the first text adventure written in French .
" You had to enter the castle of Le Vampire to kill him before he killed you , " said Breton .
" It was the kind of game that made you crazy before you could find the right answer . "
Le Breton earned nothing from Le Vampire Fou .
Its publisher , Ciel Bleu , went under shortly after its release .
Le Breton teamed up with his friend Fabrice Gille in 1984 to form his own game publishing company Froggy Software , which summed up the essence of its games as " aventure , humour , décalage et déconnade . "
( Adventure , humor , leftfield and " a willingness to making fun of anything . " )
From their base in Le Breton 's home , an old bar in the 20th district of Paris , the pair dreamed big .
" May 1968 surely had an influence on the way we started the company , with a completely free and open state of mind and a bit of craziness , " said Le Breton .
Almost all of Froggy 's games were text adventures , but with their humor and political themes they were a world away from the fantasy and sci-fi tales that typified the genre in the U.K. and U.S. Même les Pommes de Terre ont des Yeux [ Even the Potatoes Have Eyes ] offered a comic take on South American revolutionary politics .
La Souris Golote reveled in puns about cheese .
The sordid murder mystery of Le Crime du Parking touched on rape , drug addiction and homosexuality while Paranoïak had players battling against their character 's smorgasbord of mental illnesses .
Le Breton 's efforts prompted French games magazine Tilt to dub him the Alfred Hitchcock of gaming .
Froggy Software were not the only French game designers taking games in a more highbrow and consciously artistic direction .
Muriel Tramis , an African - Caribbean woman who grew up on the French - Caribbean island of Martinique , was also exploring the medium 's potential .
She left Martinique for France in the 1970s to study engineering at university and , after several years working in the aerospace industry , became interested in the potential of video games and joined Parisian game publisher Coktel Vision .
She decided her own heritage should be the subject of her debut game Méwilo , a 1987 adventure game written with help from another former Martinique resident , Patrick Chamoiseau , one of the founding figures of the black literary movement Créolité .
Set on Martinique in 1902 , Méwilo was recognized by the Parisian government for its artistic merit .
" The game was inspired by the Carib legend of jars of gold , " explained Tramis .
" At the height of the slave revolts , plantation masters saved their gold in the worst way .
They got their most faithful slave to dig a hole and then killed and buried him with the gold in order that the ghost of the unfortunate slave would keep the curious away from the treasure . "
In the game the player took on the role of Méwilo , a parapsychologist who travels to the Martinique city of Saint - Pierre in 1902 to investigate reports of a haunting , just days before the settlement 's destruction at the hands of the Mount Pelée volcano .
" This synopsis is a pretext for visiting the city and discovering the daily economic , political and religious life of this legendary city , " said Tramis .
The game 's exploration of French - Caribbean culture won Tramis a silver medal from the Parisian department of culture – making it one of the first games to receive official recognition for its artistic merit .
Tramis and Chamoiseau probed the history of slavery further in 1988 's Freedom : Rebels in the Darkness .
Set once again in the French Caribbean , the game casts the player as a black slave on a sugar cane plantation who must lead an uprising against the plantation 's owner .
Freedom mixed action , strategy and role - playing into what Tramis summed up as a " war game . "
" Fugitive slaves , my ancestors , were true warriors that I had to pay tribute to , " she said .
" At the time I made the game , these stories were not known .
It was my duty to remember .
A journalist wrote that this game was as important as Little Big Man has been in film for the culture of American Indians .
I was flattered . "
Tramis and Froggy 's attempts to elevate video games beyond the simple thrills of the arcades formed part of a wider search during the 1980s amongst French game developers for a style of their own .
A summer 1984 article in Tilt reported how French game designers , having cut their teeth on simple arcade games , now wanted to create something more personal , more rooted in reality , more French .
Inevitably , opinion was divided about what this meant in practice , but many homed in on strong narratives , real - life settings and visuals inspired by the art of France 's vibrant comic book industry .
Text adventures provided the natural home for such content .
" Back then the adventure game was king , " said Tramis .
" There were many more scenarios with literary rich universes and characters .
There was a ferment of ideas and lots of originality .
France loves stories . "
The focus on real - world scenarios reflected France 's relative disinterest in fantasy compared to the British or Americans .
" I have always wanted to base my titles on a historical , geographical or scientific reality , " said Bertrand Brocard , the founder of game publisher Cobra Soft and author of 1985 's Meurtre à Grande Vitesse , a popular murder mystery adventure game set on a high - speed French TGV train .
The player had two hours of travel between Lyon and Paris to solve the mystery and arrest the culprit , who could not escape from the train during the journey .
Other Cobra Soft games reflected current affairs .
Among them were Dossier G. : L'Affaire du Rainbow - Warrior , a game inspired by French intelligence service 's sinking of Greenpeace 's Rainbow Warrior ship in 1985 , and Cessna Over Moscow , a 1987 game inspired by Mathias Rust – the West German pilot who flew a light aircraft into the Soviet Union and landed in Red Square to the USSR 's embarrassment that same year .
For Brocard , however , the French style was more a reflection of the personal interests and tastes of the small group of companies and individuals who were making games rather than a reflection of France itself .
" Game production in France was not very extensive , " he said .
" Production involved such a small number of people that chance , I think , led things in certain directions .
To my mind this issue of the ' French touch ' is associated with the charisma of Philippe Ulrich .
He is an artist through and through . "
Ulrich , like Le Breton , he was a musician before he was a game designer .
" In 1978 I published my first music album with CBS , Le Roi du Gasoil ; I often slept in the Paris Métro at that time , " he said .
" I wanted to cut a second album with more electronic music .
To that effect I took to soldering together my own rhythm boxes .
When Clive Sinclair put his ZX80 on the market , I emptied my piggy bank to buy one .
I could barely believe the hallucinating results I got after coding my first lines of BASIC . "
Ulrich threw himself into learning all he could about his new computer , digesting 500 - page guides to the inner workings of machine code on the ZX80's Z80 microprocessor .
His first machine code game was a version of the board game Reversi , which he swapped the rights to in exchange for an 8 Kb memory expansion pack for his ZX80 .
Soon after , he met Emmanuel Viau , another aspiring game designer , and the pair decided to form their own publishing house : Ere Informatique .
Ulrich wanted Ere Informatique 's games to have international appeal – something of a no - no amongst France 's cultural elitists – while retaining a French flavor : " Our games did n't have the excellent gameplay of original English - language games but graphically their aesthetics were superior , which spawned the term French Touch – later reused by musicians such as Daft Punk and Air . "
Ulrich 's most notable realization of the French Touch was 1988 's Captain Blood ( pictured top ) , a cinematic space adventure created with artist and programmer Didier Bouchon .
The game tells the story of the space - travelling Captain Blood who must hunt down and destroy five clones of himself to stay alive .
To hunt down the clones , the player must travel the galaxy and converse with aliens using Bluddian , an alien language created specifically for the game that was based on the use of 150 icons , each of which represented a word .
With its H.R. Giger - inspired visuals , fractal - enhanced explosions , accompanying novella and a theme tune composed by French synthesizer musician Jean Michel Jarre , Captain Blood was nothing short of an epic , although its bizarreness often confused .
" I wanted to be an example and to invent new stuff that stood out , " said Ulrich .
" I wanted to impress the player .
I wanted the extraterrestrials to be alive in the computer .
When playing The Hobbit I hated the stereotyped answers such as ' I do n't understand ' or ' What is your name ? '
The challenge was to make it intelligent .
The incredible thing is that the aliens answered all questions , were funny and never repeated the same thing twice . "
During the game 's development Ere Informatique ran into financial problems and was bought by its more commercially minded rival Infogrames , which was less than keen on Ulrich and Bouchon 's strange game .
With little funding from Infogrames , the pair holed themselves up in the Landes forest in southwest France to finish the game .
" We worked ourselves to the point of exhaustion to complete Captain Blood .
I covered several reams of paper with Bluddian dialog ; Didier would code the programs and created the graphics .
When I showed the game to Infogrames they did not understand .
' Is that a UFO or what ? '
' You 're crazy , ' they told me .
After it was released the salespeople at Infogrames told me that the game was selling by the hundreds , they had never seen anything like it . "
Top image : Captain Blood , from Wikimedia Commons .
Title screen of Le Vampire Fou from Apple II Software Repository .
Méwilo screenshot from Pixel Heroes .
See Also :
In the last year and a half , militias and the larger antigovernment " Patriot " movement have exploded , accompanied by the rapid expansion of other sectors of the radical right .
This spectacular growth ( see timeline ) is the result of several factors , including anger over major political , demographic and economic changes in America , along with the popularization of radical ideas and conspiracy theories by ostensibly mainstream politicians and media commentators .
Although the resurgence of the so - called Patriots — people who generally believe that the federal government is an evil entity that is engaged in a secret conspiracy to impose martial law , herd those who resist into concentration camps , and force the United States into a socialistic " New World Order " — also has been propelled by people who were key players in the first wave of the Patriot movement in the mid–1990s , there are also a large number of new players .
What follows are profiles of 35 individuals at the heart of the resurgent movement :
Heaven Can Wait
Chuck Baldwin , 57
In his brand of Christian fundamentalism , Christians will someday be transported from the earth and taken directly to heaven .
In the meantime , though , Chuck Baldwin would n't mind running things down here himself .
The founder and pastor of Crossroad Baptist Church in Pensacola , Fla. , is no fan of Washington , D.C. — in an essay on his website , he calls the nation 's capital " that Putrid Province by the Potomac " — but he keeps trying to get there .
In 2000 , after declaring the Bush - Cheney ticket too liberal , the former chairman of the Florida Moral Majority left the Republican Party and aligned himself with the staunchly antigovernment , anti-gay Constitution Party .
Four years later , he appeared on the party 's presidential ticket as the running mate of far - right lawyer Michael Peroutka .
He rose to the top of the ticket in 2008 .
Besides leading the flock at Crossroad Baptist for the past 30 - plus years , Baldwin , who could not be reached for comment , hosts a daily one - hour radio program , " Chuck Baldwin Live . "
He is a prolific writer , penning regular columns that are archived on his website .
His columns also are archived on VDARE.com , a racist website that regularly bashes immigrants .
In his writing , Baldwin condemns Islam as a " bloody , murderous religion " ; refers to Martin Luther King Jr. as an apostate ; sympathizes with Joe Stack , the tax protester who flew a plane into an IRS office building earlier this year ; and states that he believes the South was right in the Civil War ( although he quickly adds that he is no racist ) .
In one of his more sweeping and Patriot - like observations , Baldwin writes that " there is a conspiracy by elitists within government and big business to steal America 's independence . "
For Baldwin , heaven can wait .
The Repentant Taxman
Joe Banister , 47
Lots of people insist that the Internal Revenue Service has no authority to administer and enforce federal income tax laws .
What makes Joe Banister unusual among them is that he was an IRS special agent for five years .
He spreads his anti-IRS message on radio and television and hosts his own two - hour weekly radio show .
Soft - spoken , articulate and a devout Catholic , Banister was interviewed in " America : From Freedom to Fascism , " a 2006 " documentary " by the late antigovernment conspiracy theorist Aaron Russo , which denies the legitimacy of income tax laws and the Federal Reserve .
Banister says that he investigated radical tax protesters ' claims about the IRS for two years .
He concluded they were right , and told his IRS supervisors so .
He was placed on leave , then resigned in 1999 to " comply with my oath to support and defend the U.S. Constitution . "
The following year , he and Bob Schulz , founder of a leading antigovernment Patriot tax - protest group known as the We the People , hand delivered grievances signed by supporters to federal officials in Washington stating that the 16th Amendment that allowed a federal income tax was illegally ratified , and that no law or regulation requires most citizens to pay income taxes or have taxes withheld .
Banister was indicted in 2004 in California for preparing false income tax returns and conspiring to defraud the federal government stemming from his work on behalf of a businessman client .
The client went to prison , but Banister was acquitted .
" There 's definitely a propaganda campaign out there to make us look like a problem to law enforcement , " he told his audience at a Patriot conference last year .
Bulldozer vs. Bulldozer
Martin " Red " Beckman , 80
In 1984 , when Martin J. " Red " Beckman ran for the Democratic presidential nomination in New Hampshire 's famously wide - open primary , he billed himself as " Montana 's fighting redhead . "
By that time , he had been battling the IRS for 10 years .
Sometimes called the " Father of the Patriot Movement , " Beckman gained a measure of fame within the anti-tax militia movement for refusing to pay more than $ 100,000 in income taxes and $ 34,000 in property taxes , contending that U.S. tax laws are illegal .
The IRS auctioned Beckman 's property in 1979 , but he refused to leave .
In a 1992 ruling , the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals also assessed $ 1,500 in sanctions against him , saying his arguments were " wholly without merit and frivolous . "
Finally , his home was bulldozed in 1994 .
He attracted about 100 sympathizers to a rally in Billings to protest the foreclosure — an event he billed as " No More Wacos . "
At a press conference that year , he called the IRS " a total criminal organization " and vowed , " We will put it out of business at some point . "
In addition to being a tax protester and conspiracy theorist who believes the Federal Reserve and International Monetary Fund are conspiring to dominate the world , Beckman is a notorious anti-Semite .
He 's the author of The Church Deceived , in which he claims the Holocaust was God 's punishment of Jews for worshipping Satan .
Now in his dotage , the " fighting redhead " occasionally still speaks in public as the militias of the 1990s make a comeback .
This past September , for instance , he spoke to the " Celebrating Conservatism " group in the town of Hamilton , Mont .
Two days later , the group paraded through downtown brandishing weapons .
' Needle of Estrogen '
Catherine Bleish , 26
Catherine Bleish , one of the few female leaders in the resurgent Patriot movement , runs the Liberty Restoration Project and has become a popular speaker on the Patriot circuit .
" It 's quite frightening the amount of power and authority that our government has assumed for themselves , " Bleish told the Intelligence Report .
" They say , ' We are the Supreme Being , we have the guns , we are going to do it our way . ' "
Bleish , of St. Louis , Mo. , speaks passionately about the anger that 's fueling the movement .
" It 's so hard to start a small business , and once you start one , it 's hard to keep it open .
My parents are being audited for the past six years , while [ Treasury Secretary ]
Tim Geithner , who does n't pay his taxes , now gets to oversee the IRS , " she said .
" People are losing their homes .
People are losing their jobs .
People are frustrated and looking for answers . "
Like many other Patriot leaders , Bleish charges that the government is behind these economic woes .
" The dollar has been systematically destroyed .
And that is not the American people 's doing .
That is the central bank .
The central bankers , what they do is they go from country to country , and they destroy currency and bring themselves lots of power and lots of wealth . "
Though Bleish said no one in the movement with whom she 's worked wants violence , she added that people will be driven to defend themselves if the country continues on its current course .
" The actions of our federal government [ are ] going to create violence .
And my goal ... is to try and stop it peacefully before it gets to that point .
I 'm trying to follow the channels that are still afforded to me to talk to people face to face .
But they 're going to try and take away my ability to communicate with people of a like mind - set . "
Bleish has taken part in key Patriot events , attending the seminal May 2009 Jekyll Island meeting that helped lay the groundwork for the resurgence of the movement .
She also spoke at the Freedom 21 conference in Oklahoma City last August .
And she was the main organizer for the Midwest Liberty Fest in Illinois last October .
But it 's not all thankless work : A glam shot of Bleish was featured in the 2009 - 2010 Ladies of Liberty Alliance calendar .
" Many women involved in the liberty movement have experienced the frustrating feeling of isolation when they look around and realize they are just a needle of estrogen in a haystack of testosterone , " she wrote last August .
" The Ladies of Liberty Alliance is a brand new organization working to end that feeling of isolation forever ! "
Arguing at Gunpoint
Chris Broughton , 29
Chris Broughton loves his guns and hates President Obama — so much , in fact , that he believes the president belongs in hell .
He 's not too fond of George W. Bush , either .
Broughton made headlines in August 2009 when he showed up outside an Obama rally in Phoenix with an AR - 15 assault rifle slung over his shoulder and a pistol holstered on his waist , becoming a hero to many in the " Patrtiot " movement in the process .
He said he carries his guns habitually .
Broughton , apparently assuming that the Obama Administration planned gun control measures , said he wanted to make a point about the right to own guns .
" The overwhelming statement I was trying to make was whether you like it or not , my guns are n't going away , " said the Phoenix machinist .
" They 're going to be here until you kill me and take them away . "
He claims that some news broadcasters edited video footage of the scene to hide his race ( he 's black ) when reporting on the racist backlash to Obama 's election .
Presumably , he felt that was part of an effort to paint Obama 's critics as racist .
Broughton is a member of We the People , a Patriot tax protest group that has played a central role in the resurgence of the militia movement .
He also belongs to the Faithful Word Baptist Church in Tempe .
That 's the church where pastor Steven Anderson told the congregation in August 2009 he would pray that Obama dies and goes to hell .
Broughton said he believes there is a hell , and that it was made for evil people – folks like Obama , both former Bush presidents , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and leaders of the Southern Poverty Law Center .
" Barack Obama is responsible for more death than my guns ever will be , " Broughton said .
" He could end so much suffering immediately , and instead he uses his power to force his agenda .
I do hate him . "
The Pricey ' Patriot '
Bob Campbell , 69
Bob Campbell and his American Grand Jury are on a mission to drive President Obama from office and put him on trial for treason .
Obama " is a certified crook that has committed treason and fraud , " Campbell wrote on his website late last year .
" He is a fraud and a traitor . "
Campbell , who did not respond to an E - mail to his website , formed American Grand Jury in March 2009 to examine " evidence " and hand down " presentments " that the group hopes will be used to indict the president .
The use of faux " grand juries " and " common - law courts " are common to many in the Patriot movement , especially those who call themselves " sovereign citizens . "
Campbell insists that Obama was n't born in the United States and thus is constitutionally ineligible to serve as president .
The group also seeks to indict Democratic House Speaker Nancy Pelosi for her role in the purported conspiracy to defraud the American people by getting Obama elected .
Campbell plans to take supporters – at $ 649 a head – on the road in May 2010 .
He says they 'll travel by bus to deliver their findings to federal judges in 20 states .
" Serving our Grand Jury Presentments have [ sic ] always made the courts mad , " Campbell wrote on his website .
" With what I have in mind it should really burn the bark right off a few of these liberal Judges . "
Campbell , who lives in Paragould , Ark. , apparently is n't counting on judges to act on the presentments , but " no matter how the courts react it will be favorable for us and not good news for Barack Obama , " he wrote .
Murder : The Fantasy
Robert " Lil Dog " Crooks , 59
Camping in the scrubby desert with a tiny band of Mountain Minutemen , Robert " Lil Dog " Crooks guards a hilly , 40 - mile stretch of borderland east of San Diego against what he sees as the invading hordes from the south .
The Army veteran and retired commercial fisherman is armed .
But is he dangerous ?
That 's the question that arose in 2007 , amid a furious debate on federal immigration reform legislation , when Crooks produced videos that appeared to show a Mexican immigrant being shot from a distance by vigilantes — men like himself — along the border .
The chilling footage , shot with night - vision equipment , was posted to YouTube , and Crooks E- mailed a link to several prominent nativist leaders .
" This video shows how to keep a ' Home Depot ' parking lot empty , " Crooks wrote .
He chided other nativists who , he suggested , could " talk the talk " but not " walk the walk . "
At first , Crooks denied making the video .
But when faced with an investigation , he acknowledged making it and said the shooting was nothing but a hoax .
The reason he did it : " We 're old men and we 're bored . "
Other Minuteman organizations cut ties with Crooks over the episode .
But he remains in the public eye .
Last year , he appeared on ABC's " 20/20 " and was the subject of a Penthousemagazine profile .
Crooks , who could not be reached for comment , recently turned his attention to enemies who are , for a change , U.S. citizens .
He was among the 30 " freedom keepers " who gathered in Georgia in May 2009 to plot a revival of the Patriot movement .
There , Crooks rubbed shoulders with , among others , tax protesters , anti-Obama " birthers , " and an assortment of other conspiracy theorists .
In this case , Crooks need not stand guard alone .
Unfair and Unbalanced
Joseph Farah , 55
Joseph Farah is the founder of the right - wing website WorldNetDaily ( WND ) , which stokes fear with articles on topics like " Stocking Up on Guns and Ammo " and advertisements for survivalist - style solar and food products .
WND , which boasts nearly 5 million monthly visitors and spices up its " news " reporting with " WorldNetDaily Exclusive " articles like this March 's " Girl Scouts Hiding Secret Sex Agenda ? " , claims to be " fiercely independent . "
It certainly is unique .
Farah , who could not be reached for comment , has served as the opening act at Tea Party events headlined by Sarah Palin this year .
He is a leading fomenter of the baseless claim that President Obama was not born in Hawaii , but in Africa , and so is not qualified to be president .
Farah has repeatedly demanded that Obama release a full - form birth certificate .
" It 'll plague Obama throughout his presidency , " he said .
" It 'll be a nagging issue and a sore on his administration . "
Farah is a veteran practitioner of conspiracy " journalism , " having repeatedly hawked the tale of the supposed cover -up of the death of Clinton aide Vince Foster – thought to be a murder , not a suicide , by anti-Clinton conspiracy - mongers like Farah and his ilk .
Like many publications of the far right , Farah 's website , which he started with his wife in 1997 , also carries countless product ads with scary headlines like " Will You Survive the Coming Dark Age ? "
( " Do n't leave your family 's safety in the hands of the government . " )
Remarkably , Farah sprang from a California newspaper background .
He was executive editor at the now - defunct Los Angeles Herald Examiner in the 1980s .
In the early 1990s , he edited the dying Sacramento Union , where staffers have said he ordered them to favor conservative views in news coverage and even book reviews and give short shrift to liberals .
While at the Union , he gave a page - one column to a local radio host named Rush Limbaugh .
The FEMA Fabulist
Gary Franchi , 32
Gary Franchi is one of the leading promoters of a resurgent Patriot conspiracy theory that alleges the government is creating concentration camps for U.S. citizens .
In 2009 , he produced " Camp FEMA : American Lockdown , " a video contending that the Federal Emergency Management Agency is behind the camps that could be used to house political dissenters .
The camps " are on existing military bases now , " he said in a February webinar posted on his magazine 's website .
" It 's not a big secret . "
He claims that other structures could be converted into camps , including former airport hangars , vacant corporate office buildings , and closed - down prisons .
" Your local church may have already signed a deal with the devil , " he wrote .
Proponents of non-violence may find themselves at a disadvantage when the government shows up to ferry them to the camps , Franchi said .
" If you believe in the 2nd amendment , if you believe in the right to self - defense , then perhaps you will have a different decision to make than the person that will let them kick your door in and drag you out . "
Franchi also serves as national director of RestoreTheRepublic.com , whose preoccupations include eliminating the Federal Reserve and the IRS , making it illegal to implant microchips in people ( another popular Patriot conspiracy theory that dates back to the 1990s ) , and ending globalization because it will supposedly lead to one - world government .
Franchi asserts the site is attracting nearly 1,000 new members monthly .
He also runs the Patriot social networking site RestoreTheRepublic.net , hosts the weekly " Reality Report " on Freedom .TV , and serves as managing editor of Republic Magazine .
In addition , he 's now a regular speaker at Patriot conferences , offering a familiar diet of fears of globalist plotters .
" There is a global elite structure of bankers and organizations that are pulling the strings of the parties , pulling the strings of the president , the speaker of the House , " he said in the webinar .
Though such theories are often promoted by groups that defame Jews , Franchi told the Intelligence Report that his Restore The Republic does not advocate anti-Semitism or racism .
" Restore The Republic is not antigovernment in any way , shape or form , " he added .
" We 're pro-Constitution and anti-corruption . "
The Exaggerator
Al Garza , 64
Al Garza is a fifth - generation Mexican American who 's determined to preserve the American way of life – by keeping Mexicans out of his country .
Garza was born in Texas and raised in California .
Over the past seven years , since retiring to Arizona , he has become a key leader in the nativist movement – first as national executive director of the Minutemen Civil Defense Corps and now as president of the Patriots Coalition , an organization he launched in August 2009 .
The Patriots Coalition scouts the Mexican border for signs of undocumented immigrants and reports " suspicious activity " to the U.S. Border Patrol .
Garza claims the group has about 400 members .
The group reflects a recent trend of nativists increasingly adopting the antigovernment allegations and conspiracy theories of the Patriot movement .
According to Garza 's website , " Our country has two enemies :
Those who want to destroy us from the outside and those who attempt it from within . "
The site is also thick with materials supporting " birther " conspiracy theories about President Obama 's citizenship .
When it first went up , it featured a digitally altered photograph of a bullet - riddled Air Force One and the caption , " Obama 's first low pass over Texas . "
( The image has since disappeared . )
Garza claims that he also organizes search - and - rescue patrols along the border that have saved the lives of 345 immigrants .
" Politicians do n't care about them .
I do , " Garza said .
" I 'm not prejudiced .
I 'm as brown as chocolate . "
Asked about the irony of a Mexican American leading efforts to prevent Mexicans from setting foot on American soil , Garza said it 's a matter of law .
" Laws were different 120 years ago , " he said .
" They break the law when they come here , and they break the law every day they 're here .
They buy homes fraudulently and they send their children to school fraudulently .
Everything they do here breaks the law . "
" We have well over 50 million people here illegally , " Garza added .
Where he got that number from is anybody 's guess .
The Department of Homeland Security , in line with most other estimates , recently put the number at 10.8 million .
Of Government and Guillotines
Ted Gunderson , 81
Ted Gunderson seems never to have heard a conspiracy theory he does n't believe .
What makes this remarkable is that he was an FBI agent for nearly three decades , even heading up large bureaus in Los Angeles and Dallas .
Gunderson , who did not respond to a letter sent a month before this writing , has warned for years that Satanists have footholds from the White House and Congress to the media .
He claims a shadow government is targeting thousands of citizens , him included ; its methods include the Internet , electronic energy beams from a satellite , hidden cameras and wiretaps in homes .
A few of his other claims :
There are 1,000 internment camps in the United States , and 30,000 guillotines stored in Atlanta to use on dissident patriots .
Children were taken from Boys Town in Nebraska in the 1980s and flown to Washington , D.C. , " for sex orgies at private parties with U.S. congressmen and Washington dignitaries . "
Sonny Bono did n't die in a skiing accident ; he was murdered to stop him from blabbing about drug trafficking by CIA operatives .
Being privy to so many conspiracies has resulted in repeated attempts to assassinate him , Gunderson complains .
Some of Gunderson 's fellow conspiracy theorists spin their own tales — about him .
One claims that the real Ted Gunderson committed suicide in 2002 and that this Gunderson is an imposter .
Another claims that Gunderson supplied terrorists with stolen Stinger missiles in return for drugs , and was forced into early retirement in 1979 because he performed Satanic ceremonies in his FBI office .
Last year , Gunderson said he was planning to move to Panama , where he would help Americans " flee the ever - growing Totalitarian Police State and economic chaos in this country . "
Since then , he has been diagnosed with bladder cancer , friends say .
The Unnamed Co-Conspirator
John Hassey , 60
John Hassey was the public face of Alabama 's militia movement in the late 1990s , but he faded from the public eye following the high - profile arrest of a close associate who was accused of plotting several terrorist attacks .
Hassey gravitated toward the militia movement in the early 1990s in reaction to the Clinton administration 's gun control policies .
He rose through the ranks of the Alabama Constitutional Militia , becoming public information officer and finally executive officer .
In 1995 , he explained the group 's mission to a reporter from the Montgomery ( Ala . )
Advertiser : " We 're not plotting or planning to overthrow the government .
We just want the government to abide by the Constitution . "
Two years later , however , he struck a very different posture during a protest in Southaven , Tenn. , for a couple being evicted to allow the construction of a park .
" If they take the man 's house , they 're gonna start a war here in these United States , " he said .
In 1999 , Hassey 's superior officer in the Southeastern States Alliance was charged with planning to steal explosives from National Guard armories .
Officials said Donald Beauregard planned to blow up utilities and government facilities in Florida and Georgia .
Hassey was n't arrested , but Beauregard 's indictment stated that the stolen munitions were to be stored on a " co-conspirator 's farm in Alabama . "
Hassey has said he believes he was the unnamed co-conspirator .
In October 2004 , Hassey filed for bankruptcy , but he still lives on the parcel in Elmore , Ala. , that his neighbors call " The Militia . "
Today , he 's active again .
Life in a militia , he said in a brief interview , is something " you just ca n't leave . "
Telling Tall Tales
Alex Jones , 36
Alex Jones is out to save the world .
From his perch as a radio talk - show host in Austin , Texas , he outlines the forces that threaten to enslave every man , woman and child on the planet .
In his narrative , a cabal of wealthy corporations , the United Nations and government leaders are complicit in a fiendish plot to dominate the world .
Or something like that .
He 's the host of " The Alex Jones Show , " which airs six days a week on more than 60 radio stations and streams live on the Internet .
His website is chock full of apocalyptic headlines and ads for products like " recession - proof coins " and manuals on " How to Survive Martial Law in America . "
If Jones ' ramblings were shaped into a screenplay , the resulting movie would stretch credulity to the breaking point .
But Jones , in his booming radio voice , takes to the airwaves to sound the alarm with the earnestness of a true believer .
Jones believes , for example , that the federal government had a hand in terror attacks aimed at swaying American public opinion .
" There was government involvement with the Oklahoma City bombing , " he said .
" There 's a lot of evidence with 9/11 being staged . "
Jones said the main goal of his show is to expose listeners to the truth .
" At my core , I have a drive to expose evil and corruption , " he said .
" We have a dictatorship on the planet .
The entire planet is being enslaved by global , dominant corporations . "
Jones ran for a Texas House seat in 2000 as a Republican but said he does n't follow the platform of either of the two major American political parties .
" I 'm a freedom lover , and someone who loves the truth . "
The Red-Hot Patriot
Devvy Kidd , 60
Devvy Kidd is a prolific columnist , blogger and public speaker whose incendiary prose helps fan the flames of the constitutionalist , or Patriot , movement .
Based in Big Spring , Texas , she bills herself as the " Dynamite Redhead " on her website , where she writes about everything from " Cap and Trade rape " to " Homosexuals ' born that way ' – A con job . "
Kidd gained popularity with an anti-tax message and by writing two booklets that she claims have sold more than 2 million copies .
She ran for Congress in 1994 and 1996 , and she says she has appeared on more than 2,500 radio broadcasts .
Like many Patriots , she despises President Obama , referring to him in one recent column as the " Marxist Barack Obama . "
She believes citizen militias are necessary to defend freedom .
She declared in a November 2008 column for NewsWithViews that " Barack Hussein Obama is dangerous to freedom and liberty and your gun rights , " and " Our very survival depends on the states of the Union revitalizing the constitutional militias .
...
We the people are now the enemy . "
Kidd , who declined to be interviewed , did n't start out as a writer .
Her website bio says she worked in construction and finance for almost two decades before taking various positions with the Defense Department , where she says she became a federal whistleblower after filing a " fraud , waste and abuse " complaint against her own job .
Her writing frequently invokes what most Patriots see as key events in recent American history .
" Most Americans not walking around in self - induced comas still remember how the FBI , the ATF and our military gassed and burned to death almost one hundred adults and children , some babies , at WACO [ Texas ] , " she wrote at one point .
" We remember how the FBI and U.S. Marshals shot a young boy ... and then put a bullet through his mother 's head while holding her infant daughter at Ruby Ridge . "
Apostle of Disunion
Larry Kilgore , 45
If Larry Kilgore ever got his way , Texas would be the Lone Star Country .
The Christian activist 's goal is an independent Texas governed by biblical law .
His ideal community " would be where folks look to God 's word , the Bible . "
Secession alone is not enough , though .
Kilgore would like to see Texas further balkanized into smaller countries or counties , each one catering to a different religious or personal belief .
" There 's so much cultural diversity and religious diversity , " he said .
" I think that the tension we feel when we are all forced to be together is difficult . "
Kilgore , a telecommunications consultant , said he does n't support or oppose armed resistance against the U.S. government .
He has invested his own efforts in the political process ( he 's a perennial candidate for public office ) and is willing to work with any organization , no matter their politics , in order to escape what he calls an oppressive federal government .
At an August 2009 secessionist rally in Austin , Kilgore left no doubt about his personal feelings .
" I hate that flag up there , " he said , pointing to the American flag .
" I hate the United States government .
...
They 're an evil , corrupt government . "
Apparently , Kilgore 's secessionist talk did n't play well in his initial , quixotic campaigns against better - known , better - funded candidates .
In a 2004 run for the Texas House , he received just 474 votes .
But he may not be tilting at windmills these days .
In 2006 , he challenged Gov. Rick Perry and captured more than 50,000 votes .
Two years later , Kilgore lost a bid for a U.S. Senate seat , but not before sweeping up 225,649 votes .
Though he recently bowed out of the 2010 gubernatorial race , his influence lingers .
Perry has begun courting the antigovernment vote and recently even suggested Texas might be wise to consider secession .
Writing Right
Cliff Kincaid , 55
Whether he 's sounding the alarm about the Vatican 's role in the " New World Order " or the prospect of the U.S. military becoming a sinister gay fighting force , Cliff Kincaid persistently churns out columns savaging liberals , making groundless claims , and trumpeting far - right conspiracy theories .
The longtime far - right polemicist is the editor of AIM Report , a twice - monthly publication of the group ironically named Accuracy in Media .
He is also the founder and president of America 's Survival Inc. , a group that says it monitors the United Nations in order to " expose the influence of global institutions " on people 's lives .
In recent columns written for AIM , the dour Kincaid questions who 's behind the financial crisis and rails against " the homosexual lobby . "
He warns that allowing gays to serve openly in the military will lead to " a homosexualized military [ that ] could itself become a threat , just like it was in the Nazi period . "
His warning of the impending gay blitzkrieg links to a column written by Scott Lively , co-author of The Pink Swastika , an unhinged and defamatory history that makes the entirely false claim that gays helped orchestrate the Holocaust .
At the America 's Survival website , Kincaid promotes " The Religious Face of the New World Order , " a report that claims to examine the Vatican 's role in the plot to create a one - world government .
Kincaid also has written columns about the Catholic Church 's role in health care reform , including " Blame the Bishops For Health Care Debacle . "
Kincaid has been a part of Washington 's right - wing idea factory since the early 1980s .
He 's written for the highly conservative Human Events magazine and has been an editorial writer for Oliver North at the Freedom Alliance , a group founded by the former National Security Council staffer at the center of the Iran - Contra scandal .
Last year , as conspiracy theorists questioned President Obama 's citizenship , Kincaid stepped up to the plate by publicly releasing his own birth certificate .
The president took no apparent notice .
Swim for Your Life
Mark Koernke , 52
When it comes to spotting " black helicopters , " few have an eagle eye more focused than Mark Koernke .
But it was the green one that did him in .
Koernke was wanted for skipping bail on an assault charge in 1998 when he spied the helicopter .
Police later said Koernke would n't have been noticed at all if he had n't scampered into the brush , then tried to swim across an icy lake .
Turns out the green chopper was part of a routine marijuana - eradication patrol .
Koernke – who had shaven off his mustache , dyed his hair orange and worked up a bad Irish brogue – was taken into custody .
By that time , the tough - talking former janitor known as " Mark from Michigan " had risen to prominence within the Patriot movement by serving up heaping helpings of dark government conspiracies and " New World Order " warnings on his short - wave radio broadcasts .
He produced a series of antigovernment videos , including one in which he alleged that Hong Kong police were being sneaked into the country as part of a U.N. takeover .
He also garnered attention when false reports linked him to Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh .
Before his capture in 1998 , he continued broadcasting from secret locations , prompting an FBI terrorism investigation .
The assault charge was eventually dropped , but Koernke landed in prison a few years later anyway .
In 2000 , he happened to be sitting in front a Michigan bank that had just been robbed .
When police tried to question him , he led them on a 50 - mile chase before crashing into a tree and then jumping , as it happened , into another lake .
Convicted of fleeing police and resisting arrest , he went to prison in 2001 .
Not to be deterred , he even broadcast to other Patriots from a prison pay phone .
Released in 2007 , Koernke is now back on the air with his show " The Intelligence Report " and is still raising the alert to his fellow militiamen .
" Somebody 's gonna pull a trigger and it's going to be one hell of a popcorn exchange , " he calmly warns in a recent audio clip from his show .
" From a distance , it 's going to sound like somebody opened up the popcorn pan from hell .
OK ?
And when it 's all said and done , there will be no turning back .
I want you all to be ready for that . "
A Sheriff of Their Own
Richard Mack , 57
It seems hardly a day goes by without another Mack attack on the evils of the federal government .
This one - time sheriff of a rural county in Arizona and present - day icon of the Patriot movement has parlayed his antigovernment ardor into a full - time job doing speaking gigs at county fairgrounds , high school auditoriums and hotel banquet rooms .
He even has a sponsor .
Richard Mack is introduced — often to standing ovations — as " Sheriff Mack . "
His website calls him that too , even though he has n't been the top cop of Graham County since 1996 , when its population was around 30,000 .
Mack 's mantra is this :
The federal government is too big , too corrupt and too oppressive .
" The greatest threat we face today is not terrorists ; it is our federal government , " he warns on his website .
Some agencies , including the " Gestapo " Internal Revenue Service , should be eliminated , he says .
Mack has also acted as a key transmitter of such Patriot ideas to Tea Party groups , to whom he now regularly speaks .
He regularly rips undocumented workers and the " socialist " and " Marxist " policies of the Obama Administration .
He assures his nearly all - white audiences that neither he nor the Patriot movement is racist ( although he did once co-author a book with white separatist Randy Weaver ) .
Had it been his call , Mack would not have made Rosa Parks get off that bus back in 1955 , he says .
She was merely disobeying a bad law , and cops waste time " enforcing stupid laws all the time . "
Mack became a hero of gun-rights advocates after he won a U.S. Supreme Court decision with a few other sheriffs that weakened the Brady gun control bill in the 1990s .
Now , he maintains that county sheriffs are the highest legitimate law enforcement authorities — an idea also pushed by the violently anti-Semitic Posse Comitatus in the 1980s — and he relentlessly hawks his latest self - published book , which makes that argument .
Its 50 simplistic pages represent " decades of research . "
Even the president of the United States , Mack tells cheering audiences , " cannot tell your sheriff what to do . "
Facts and Fiction
Jack McLamb , 65
Listen to some of today 's popular voices in the Patriot movement , like Stewart Rhodes ( see profile below ) and Richard Mack ( see profile above ) , and you hear echoes of Jack McLamb , a prominent figure in the militia heyday of the 1990s .
Like Mack , McLamb is a former cop — he was a Phoenix police officer .
Like Mack , he contends that county sheriffs have enormous power that they foolishly yield to federal agencies .
Like Rhodes , he suggests that Americans must be prepared to defend the Constitution from the " New World Order . "
Indeed , McLamb once produced a 75 - page report , Operation Vampire Killer 2000 : American Police Action Plan for Stopping World Government Rule .
McLamb believes lots of conspiracy myths .
In 1996 , he said that government officials were smuggling drugs into the country in an attempt to incite racial rancor , an idea repeated in certain far - left venues .
He claimed that then - Vice President Al Gore intended to reduce world population by 90 % through an end - of - the - millennium " Y2 K " plot .
McLamb is more of a fringe Patriot player nowadays , but still pipes up from time to time on various conspiracies .
He thinks the day will come when true patriots are murdered or placed in detention camps by their government .
He said in an interview last year that he believes that President Obama is " an illegal alien president .
He 's also a hard - core communist , and probably a Muslim . "
When John McCain was running for president in 2008 , McLamb claimed the senator was never tortured while a POW in Vietnam , and in fact made 32 propaganda videos for the communist North Vietnamese .
McLamb says he , of all people , should know : " I 'm a police investigator and I know what a fact is . "
Railing About Reds
John F. McManus , 75
John McManus is the president and longtime public face of the secretive John Birch Society ( JBS ) , the now fading anti-Communist organization founded in 1958 .
The former public relations director was named president in 1991 after working for many years alongside founder Robert Welch .
He has spoken in public extensively in recent years to boost dwindling membership and funds even as JBS has worked to link arms with the Patriot movement and others with similar ideas .
McManus , who joined the society 's staff in 1966 , has continued to promote its founding principles .
The central thesis is that a sinister cabal of politicians , bankers , globalists and other elites throughout history – including the Illuminati , every U.S. president since Woodrow Wilson and the Council on Foreign Relations – have worked to peel away the rights of individuals and put the U.S. on a path toward a totalitarian one - world government .
The often - lampooned group , which reached its zenith in the 1960s , has been anti-immigrant , anti-United Nations and even anti-Newt Gingrich .
It once suggested that Dwight D. Eisenhower was a " conscious agent " of Communism .
McManus , who did n't return phone calls for this story , hates the Federal Reserve , which he blames for the stock market crash of 1929 , the current recession and other calamities .
" The combination of the government and the Federal Reserve are destroying the dollar and setting us up for world currency , world control , world government , " he told his hometown Appleton , Wis. , Post - Crescent last April .
An ultraconservative Roman Catholic , McManus has been accused of anti-Semitism , a charge he has denied .
In 2005 , according to The New York Times , Birch staffers who were ousted amid internal turmoil leaked recordings of McManus saying that Judaism was a dead religion and that militant Jews have influenced the Freemasons , who were " Satan 's agents " and part of the Illuminati conspiracy to cause world upheaval .
Facing Down the UN
Daniel New , 64
Daniel New has one claim to fame .
He 's the father of Michael New , the Army medic who refused to don a United Nations uniform when his infantry unit was assigned to a peacekeeping mission in a former Yugoslavian republic in 1995 .
To this day , Daniel New , who lives near Waco , hawks calendars , T - shirts , books and videos about the saga of his son , hero of the Patriot movement .
The younger New , who was court - martialed and discharged for bad conduct at the age of 23 , long ago expressed a desire to move on with his life .
His father and other supporters , however , put up a decade - long , unsuccessful court fight — bankrolled by a steady stream of donations — to win back his honor .
New argued that the Constitution prohibits soldiers from wearing foreign badges and answering to non-U.S. officers .
But his appeals have twice been rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court , most recently in 2007 .
That has n't slowed down his stage dad .
" Any time an American soldier is forced against his will to serve a foreign power , then we are not a free country , " Daniel New told a reporter after the latest rejection .
Daniel New was the one who handled the hundreds of phone calls , the talk show circuit and other media buzz after his son defied orders .
He ran a quixotic race for Congress a few years later .
Since then , he 's been a staple of the right - wing speaking circuit , appearing at the 2007 Constitution Party conference , among other venues .
At different points , New also has headed the Texas division of the now - defunct , right - wing U.S. Taxpayers Party in Texas and co-authored a self - published book with far - right columnist Cliff Kincaid ( see profile above ) titled Michael New : Mercenary or American Soldier ?
At press time , used copies were selling on Amazon.com for as little as a penny , while a new copy could be had for 65 cents .
Back in the Saddle
Norm Olson , 63
Few people played a bigger role in transforming Michigan into a hotbed of militia activity during the 1990s than Norm Olson .
Today , the founder of the Michigan Militia is living in Alaska and working with others to build the Alaska Citizens Militia .
He told the Redoubt Reporter that he was convinced Americans would be forced to repel " tyrannical , oppressive federal aggression . "
Founded in 1994 , the Michigan Militia was one of the first major contemporary militias .
It was thrust into the national spotlight after the Oklahoma City bombing , when reports surfaced that conspirators Terry Nichols and Timothy McVeigh had attended meetings .
Olson confirmed that each man attended one meeting but added that their rhetoric was not welcome and they were not encouraged to return .
After the 1995 bombing , Olson suggested the Japanese government was responsible — a statement he later said he should have " fully corroborated . "
Olson was n't re-elected to a leadership post in the Michigan Militia .
He later founded his own Northern Michigan Regional Militia .
By 2005 , Olson was moving to Alaska .
He declared Michigan " hopeless " and auctioned off weaponry and memorabilia from his Alanson , Mich. , gun store — even offering Michigan Militia patches .
By late 2009 , Olson and Michigan Militia co-founder Ray Southwell were in Nikiski , Alaska , promoting the Alaska Citizens Militia .
Earlier this year , Olson was serving as interim commander of the Kenai Peninsula Division .
" America is very , very ill , " Olson said .
" And people across the country are preparing themselves . "
Out of the Barrel of a Gun
Larry Pratt , 67
When it comes to sniffing out sinister plots to disarm gun owners , Larry Pratt and the Gun Owners of America ( GOA ) are constantly on the lookout .
Health care reform ?
It 's a plot to take your guns , according to the GOA website .
Environmentalism ?
You guessed it — another plot to take your guns .
At the Ninth Annual Freedom 21 Conference in Texas in 2008 , Pratt warned that " the major goal of the sustainable development movement is to disarm Americans . "
Pratt , the GOA 's executive director , was scheduled to speak at the " Second Amendment March " in Washington , D.C. , this April 19 .
The event , which the GOA helped sponsor , was designed to let politicians know they had better not support anti-gun legislation .
Patriot and other radical groups were also expected to participate .
There 's one tiny problem .
There 's no evidence that the government is plotting to strip citizens of their guns .
President Obama has even signed legislation allowing guns in national parks and on Amtrak trains .
The Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence has given Obama an " F " on every issue on which it graded him .
But that 's not stopping the hard - line GOA , which claims more than 300,000 members and does n't believe in any gun restrictions at all .
When armed citizens began appearing outside presidential events , Pratt addressed it in a column on the GOA website .
" There are those who do n't like Americans owning guns at all , let alone carrying them openly .
They can be counted on to run around squawking like Chicken Little that the sky is falling . "
Pratt may be the figure most responsible for introducing the militia concept to the radical right .
He authored Armed People Victorious in 1990 .
Based on this study of " citizen defense patrols " in the Philippines and Guatemala — groups that became more commonly known as death squads —
Pratt offered a flattering portrayal and promoted militias for the United States .
Two years later , in 1992 , he was invited to a Colorado meeting where the outlines of the militia movement were shaped .
More than 150 extremists attended the meeting , which was hosted by a white supremacist minister .
In 1996 , Pratt was ejected from the co-chairmanship of Pat Buchanan 's presidential campaign over such associations with white supremacists .
Of Cops and Conspiracies
Stewart Rhodes , 44
A former aide to Texas congressman Ron Paul ( see profile in " The Enablers " ) , Stewart Rhodes founded a group called Oath Keepers in early 2009 .
The rapidly growing organization is comprised mostly of active - duty police and military , as well as veterans , who fret about things like gun control and the much - feared " New World Order . "
Members swear ( a second time ) to uphold their oath to the Constitution and not to obey orders they think conflict with that .
Among those orders ( 10 " Orders We Will Not Obey " are listed on the Oath Keepers website ) : Imposing martial law or a state of emergency on a state , and forcing those who resist into detention camps .
Rhodes is an Army veteran and a Yale Law School graduate .
He and others in his organization have been frequent speakers at Tea Party rallies , helping channel Patriot ideas into that movement .
Rhodes insists his group is n't antigovernment , but he and other Oath Keepers do describe the government as tyrannical and repressive .
" We saw a dangerous increase in power of the executive branch and a dangerous increase in government power over the American people , " he told Watergate felon G. Gordon Liddy on the latter 's radio show in April 2009 .
In interviews , Rhodes has suggested that his worries about concentration camps and martial law are purely theoretical concerns .
That is false .
At the top of the list of orders his group will not obey is a quote from George Washington , saying now is the time to decide whether we are " freemen " or " slaves . "
Rhodes ' site then says , " Such a time is near at hand again , " clearly suggesting imminent catastrophe .
Rhodes also has appeared for friendly questioning at least twice on the radio show of über - conspiracist Alex Jones .
And , last November , he explained on the Conservative Political Network why his organization does n't focus on politicians , lawyers or judges .
" They 've already demonstrated by their behavior they have contempt for the Constitution and have no regard for their oaths , " he said .
" So I focus on the military and the police because they still have honor , and if they stand down ... and refuse unlawful orders , it does n't make a difference what the politicians want , it can't be done . "
Correcting the Constitution
Jon Roland , 66
When a militiaman claims the federal government is trampling the Constitution , he might have Jon Roland to thank for his reasoning .
In the mid-1990s , Roland founded the Constitution Society , a Patriot organization whose website assembles writings on all manner of constitutional issues , including a section on the alleged right to assemble a militia .
The site also delves into the world of conspiracy theories by providing links to sites questioning the Oklahoma City bombing and the role of researchers in creating the HIV virus .
It even includes a section on mind - control technology .
It 's all in keeping with Roland 's role as a purveyor of information to the Patriot movement , a role that includes the founding of the Texas Militia Correspondence Committee in the mid-1990s .
He 's also played a role in the movement 's resurgence by attending a gathering of extremist figures in Georgia last year that appears to have pumped new life into the movement .
" The Feds are out of control , " he told the Intelligence Report in an interview about that meeting .
They " have actually been engaging in warlike activity against the American people . "
Roland , a computer specialist in Austin , Texas , has run for office several times since 1972 .
At a website exploring a possible candidacy for U.S. Senate , he promotes a " Constitutionalist Platform " that would " involve the repeal of much existing legislation , " including statutes that make " anything but gold or silver coin legal tender on state territory . "
He supports the ability of private mints to issue such coins .
And , of course , he wants to revive the militia system he says was envisioned by the Founding Fathers .
Roland appears determined to fulfill a statement he made in 1994 that is still quoted on the Constitution Society website : " I decided history needed a course correction , so I reached for my keyboard . "
The ' Patriot Journalist '
Luke Rudkowski , 23
Luke Rudkowski dislikes the phrase " conspiracy theory . "
He prefers to think of his organization as a movement of truth - seeking activists who are simply asking the hard questions that are n't being posed by mainstream journalists .
Nevertheless , the founder of We Are Change has tapped into a deep vein of suspicion among Americans who see dark conspiracies being hatched inside the federal government .
He has harnessed the energy of 9/11 " truthers " to form an army of activists seeking to expose " the lies of the government and corporate elite who remain suspect in this crime . "
Since he formed We Are Change as a group of " patriot journalists " in 2006 , the loose - knit group has grown into a network of more than 200 independent chapters , mostly in the United States .
Finding the " truth " behind the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks is a driving force — as are concerns about a looming " one world order , " according to the group 's website .
It also seeks " to uncover the truth behind the private banking cartel of the military industrial complex " that wants to " eliminate national sovereignty . "
Rudkowski said the group does n't engage in broad New World Order conspiracies but focuses on the alleged role of groups such as the Bilderberg Group or the Trilateral Commission .
These groups have been common targets for Patriot and other conspiracy theorists for decades .
We Are Change videographers have confronted political figures such as Texas Gov. Rick Perry and former national security adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski .
When video surfaced of U.S. Rep. Jason Chaffetz of Utah telling a We Are Change interviewer there 's " a lot we still need to learn " about the 2001 terrorist attacks , the congressman felt constrained to issue a statement disavowing any belief in a government conspiracy .
Rudkowski , whose group explicitly condemns violence and racism , said he was arrested last year for trespassing during an attempt to question New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg about the health care of 9/11 first responders .
He said he is fighting the charge , saying he was targeted and never told to leave .
" I see a huge uprising right now of people waking up every single day , " Rudkowski said in an interview posted on YouTube last year .
Militia Midwife ?
Robert " Bob " Schulz , 70
When the history is written about the rebirth of the antigovernment Patriot movement , Robert " Bob " Schulz may be the man credited with setting the cornerstone for this new era of militias , tax protesters and " sovereign citizens . "
The longtime tax protester convened a gathering of fellow tax defiers , militia enthusiasts , nativist extremists , anti-Obama " birthers " and others at Georgia 's Jekyll Island in May 2009 .
At the meeting , they mapped out " action plans " for a larger movement – one that would confront not only taxes but an array of issues that threaten to " collapse the Republic . "
That meeting led to an 11 - day " continental congress " in St. Charles , Ill. , hosted by Schulz 's organization , We the People .
The November 2009 meeting drew more than 100 delegates from 48 states and birthed the " Articles of Freedom . "
The document declares the federal government " now threatens our Life , Liberty and Property through usurpations of the Constitution . "
Schulz describes the events as merely gatherings of people concerned about the government and seeking a redress of grievances .
He said the topic of militias focused on " well - regulated state militias . "
Nevertheless , these meetings were remarkable for the level of cooperation demonstrated within the revitalized Patriot movement .
Schulz said the actions of the government – such as purchasing stakes in auto companies – are shocking people and " more and more people are talking about the Constitution . "
Earlier this year , he offered an even more striking assessment .
" There 's a huge patriot movement , " Schulz told a reporter .
" I 've been doing this kind of work for 30 years .
Never have I seen the likes of what 's going on now .
It 's delightful . "
The Jekyll Island gathering also is noteworthy because it parallels the origins of the Patriot movement of the 1990s .
The modern militia movement was partly shaped at a 1992 meeting of radical - right leaders in Estes Park , Colo .
At that gathering , known as the " Rocky Mountain Rendezvous , " a cross section of extremist leaders also put aside their differences to focus on a common enemy : the federal government .
Schulz denied any knowledge of the meeting .
The end result of Schulz 's work may only be realized in time .
The documents produced at the continental congress declare any infringement on the people 's liberty as described in the Constitution as an act of war that " the People and their Militias have the Right and Duty to repel . "
The Cautious Conspiracist
Joel Skousen , 63
He may not be as well known as his uncle , the late ( and largely discredited ) far - right author Cleon Skousen .
But Joel Skousen is similarly preoccupied with conspiracy theories about worldwide government .
Addressing the Constitution Party National Committee meeting in Phoenix , Ariz. , last October , Skousen , of Orem , Utah , spoke of powerful deceptive forces at work .
In an E- mail to the Intelligence Report , Skousen elaborated on some of those claims , saying he believes there 's " substantive evidence " that Obama 's birthplace was Kenya , making him ineligible for the presidency .
" His sudden rise from poor community attorney to a relatively rich man via insider real estate dealings with less than reputable figures and too - good - to - be - true market speculations lends credence to my suspicion that his rise in the political arena was in large part owing to some kind of deal made with the political machines in Illinois and Washington D.C. "
Skousen also predicts that Russia and China will launch a massive preemptive strike against the United States .
" Very few know that the Powers That Be ( PTB ) intend to pull the nuclear trigger via Russia and China , " he wrote on his website .
Skousen said this belief preceded what has become his vocation : designing high - security homes and shelters .
His survivalist writings ( for sale on his website ) include explanation of how to fortify closets and turn basements into fallout shelters .
He also writes World Affairs Brief , a weekly E- mail newsletter monitoring " the tactics and hidden intentions of globalist insiders who are maneuvering the world into a New World Order . "
( A year - long subscription costs $ 48 . )
The New World Order , Skousen told the Intelligence Report , is a conspiracy aimed at " undermin[ing ] national sovereignty slowly by deception and provocation ( using false threats of terrorism , war and Hegelian conflict creation and management ) to provoke normal people into accepting increased control , regulation and taxation by a one - world government . "
That notion was shared by his uncle Cleon , whose books — including The Five Thousand Year Leap ( 1981 ) — are enjoying a revival today thanks largely to the promotional efforts of Glenn Beck ( see profile in " The Enablers " ) .
But Skousen has mixed feelings about the Fox News host .
" In general , I do not believe Beck to be capable of rigorous and careful analysis of any issues that are complex , " he wrote .
" His superficial handling of conspiracy issues and the manner in which he dismisses them without a careful hearing is exemplary of this uncareful analysis . "
The Rough Guide
Jim Stachowiak , 49
Jim Stachowiak is a longtime militia organizer and foul - mouthed talk show host .
On the Feb. 23 episode of his daily radio show , he called for armed resistance if the government tries to confiscate people 's guns .
" This country will not be saved without a Revolution , " he said .
Wearing camouflage and a " Do n't Tread on Me " hat , he brandished a knife as he discussed ambushes and ranted against gays .
" We 're not going to let one little f----- ... destroy standing up against tyranny , " he said , referring both to another movement leader and to an anti-hate blogger .
( Stachowiak later said he used the word " f----- " to " elicit a reaction . " )
On his website , he calls Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano a " Nazi-b ----. "
A picture on his blog shows an AK - 47 emblazoned with the words , " The A.R.M. [ American Resistance Movement ] solution to forced vaccines , " a common bogeyman of the radical right .
Stachowiak told the Intelligence Report he 's advocating defense , not violence .
" I 'd rather go to a movie or make payments on a jet ski , but I have to buy ammo , " he lamented .
" I 'm concerned about civil unrest , my neighbors going crazy , round - ups , foreign troops , the New World Order . "
He 's part of A.R.M. , a leaderless network of individual militias that Stachowiak insists is active , although a notice on its website says it has shut down .
In the mid-'90s , he led the Georgia Civilian Militia , a paramilitary group that disbanded in 1997 because , he claims , government agents were attempting to get members to act illegally .
Stachowiak says he 's Jewish and that the militia had black and Puerto Rican members .
" The racist militias are n't all of us , " he said .
" You ca n't demonize an entire group based on the actions of a few . "
Stachowiak stood on a Mexican flag during a 2008 anti-immigration protest in South Carolina and last fall appeared in an Internet video urging mass protests at the G - 20 summit in Pittsburgh .
He has frequently clashed with fellow Patriots and was expelled from We Are Change , a group that promotes Sept. 11 conspiracy theories , after a dispute with another leader .
He even attacked his own listeners recently , concluding , " If you do n't like this show , f--- it . "
Stachowiak later said the on-air meltdown was just showmanship .
Running Radical Radio
John Stadtmiller , 56
John Stadtmiller founded and runs Republic Broadcasting Network ( RBN ) , whose talk radio fare is peppered with warnings about enslavement by a one - world government .
The station , which broadcasts via the Internet , shortwave and satellite , drew national attention this April when a host who identifies himself as Sam Kennedy sent letters to the nation 's governors demanding that they resign within three days .
The letters sparked an FBI investigation .
Stadtmiller has his own show , " The National Intel Report , " which airs daily on RBN .
Also heard on RBN is Jack McLamb ( see profile above ) , a former Phoenix police officer and militia hero who runs Police & Military Against The New World Order and who argues that " globalists " are trying " to gain , through any available means , total dictatorial control over all the peoples of the world . "
Yet another RBN host is Michael Collins Piper , who has written copiously for the anti-Semitic American Free Press and its predecessor , The Spotlight , as well as The Barnes Review , a Holocaust denial journal .
Kennedy 's show has focused on its host 's " Restore America " project , said to be a peaceful attempt to return America to its rightful legal basis and thereby avoid " World War III . "
Stadtmiller , who now lives in Round Rock , Texas , has a long history of involvement in Patriot radio , formerly co-hosting militia promoter Mark " Mark from Michigan " Koernke 's ( see profile above ) show .
Immediately after the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing , Koernke and Stadtmiller broadcast allegations that the federal government was behind the tragedy .
" This whole thing was created to attack the Patriot movement , " Stadtmiller was quoted as saying in the Pittsburgh Post - Gazette following McVeigh 's conviction .
Koernke and Stadtmiller stayed on the air even after Koernke became a fugitive in 1998 .
( Koernke had been charged with assaulting a man trying to subpoena him to serve as a defense witness in a murder trial . )
More recently , Stadtmiller was featured in " Camp FEMA , " a video that suggests the Federal Emergency Management Agency is creating concentration camps for political dissenters .
Looking scholarly in a jacket and button - down shirt , the silver - haired Stadtmiller asserts that it does n't take much to establish a detention facility .
" It can be a sports arena , " he said .
" It could be abandoned airports .
It could be abandoned military facilities .
Anyplace that you can set up a security perimeter could be used as a temporary internment camp . "
Stadtmiller declined to speak with the Intelligence Report .
" I would rather pour gasoline on myself and light it than speak to anyone in your ' organization , ' " he wrote in an E - mail .
' Alice in Wonderland '
Orly Taitz , 49
It 's not unusual at public meetings of , say , a local city council to find a common species known as the political gadfly .
These persistent critics , tolerated as attention - seeking eccentrics , do n't allow the absence of coherency or logic to keep them from speaking .
Often claiming expertise they do not possess or seeing evil machinations that do not exist , these gadflies cling to their feverish suspicions .
Orly Taitz , a southern California lawyer who has led the national " birther " movement , is a political gadfly writ large , except for one crucial difference :
She found a large , national audience .
Dubbed the " birther queen " – and worse – in the blogosphere , she 's a champion of those who question the citizenship of President Obama and , therefore , the legitimacy of his presidency .
Taitz , a former swimsuit model born in the Soviet Union , lived in Israel and Romania before setting up a dentistry practice in Orange County .
Along the way , she picked up a law degree from an online school .
Tirelessly , inexplicably , Taitz has filed dozens of lawsuits and made numerous claims in the media alleging that Obama has not only lied about his citizenship but has masterminded a deception on a scale that has seldom , if ever , been seen before .
In the process , she has become a hero to the antigovernment Patriot movement and last year even joined We the People , a leading tax - protest group that is a key part of that movement .
Taitz has called for an insurrection to remove the president .
Last summer , she released a document she claimed was Obama 's Kenyan birth certificate .
It was quickly proven a fraud .
She has claimed that Obama has as many as 25 Social Security numbers .
She has aligned herself with others who claim Obama has ties to radical jihadists , is a closeted gay man , and may be a ruthless murderer .
Taitz has been so roundly discredited , even the rabid right - wing attack dog Ann Coulter has called her a crank .
As one judge wrote in dismissing one of Taitz 's lawsuits : " Unlike Alice in Wonderland , simply saying something is so does not make it so . "
Teed Off in Tulsa
Amanda Teegarden , 54
Amanda Teegarden is Tulsa 's leading lady of the radical right .
She 's executive director of Oklahomans for Sovereignty and Free Enterprise ( OK - SAFE ) , a nonprofit whose website says it " sees a concerted , dedicated and well funded effort by Social and Economic Elites to transition the United States from a Representative Republic to a Socialist Group " — rhetoric virtually indistinguishable from that of the antigovernment Patriot movement .
Teegarden has expressed alarm about federally funded law enforcement " fusion centers " – like the one run by the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation – that collect and analyze information about potential terrorist activities .
She told one newspaper that she worried the centers could track attendees at " tea parties " and congressional town halls .
Teegarden joined the American Civil Liberties Union and right - wing " constitutionalists " at an odd - bedfellows event at the National Press Club in Washington , D.C. , in October 2008 .
The subject : opposition to the gathering of data on U.S. citizens , including collection and use of DNA and biometric samples , and to any federal ID legislation .
In August 2009 , OK - SAFE sponsored a national conference that focused on individual liberties and federal encroachment on states ' rights , another favorite issue of the radical right .
Right - wing luminaries who spoke at the Freedom21 conference , held in Midwest City , Okla . , included Edward Griffin , author of The Creature from Jekyll Island ( a screed attacking the Fed , a common target of far - right conspiracy theorists ) , Republican state representatives and others concerned about the United Nations and President Obama 's education plans .
Teegarden has backed local conservative candidates in Tulsa , and she filed to run for the county school board in 2004 only to drop out of the race later .
She also co-founded an organization called Oklahomans for School Accountability , which promotes teaching a " biblical world view . "
" We are obviously a very conservative parents group , " Teegarden told the Tulsa World in 2006 .
Gunning for the Government
Mike Vanderboegh , 56
Back in the 1990s , Mike Vanderboegh used to go to some lengths to portray himself as a moderate in the world of antigovernment militias , even though he once wrote about the utility of snipers and using " violence carefully targeted and clearly defensive . "
In 1996 , for instance , he joined many militia leaders in signing a document distancing the movement from racists and neo -Nazis .
That was then .
This spring , he started to sound a little different .
On March 19 , Vanderboegh , enraged at the imminent passage of health care reform , furiously called on Americans to break the windows of local Democratic Party headquarters offices around the country .
" [ I ] f you wish to send a message that [ House Speaker Nancy ]
Pelosi and her party cannot fail to hear , break their windows , " the Pinson , Ala. , blogger wrote .
" Break them NOW .
Break them and run to break again .
Break them under cover of night .
Break them in broad daylight . "
Over the next few days , party office windows and those of several members of Congress were indeed smashed with bricks in several states , criminal attacks followed with glee by Vanderboegh in his blog 's " Window War " feature .
After his time as a militia enthusiast , Vanderboegh in the mid-2000s took to patrolling the Mexican border with his own tiny Alabama Minuteman Support Team .
More recently , he has been described as the co-founder of the Three Percenters , a loose alliance of gun owners who vow not to surrender their rights and disarm .
The name refers to the 3 % of American colonists believed to have been the portion of the population who actively opposed England .
Three Percenters also claim to represent the hardest - line 3 % of U.S. gun owners .
Vanderboegh 's website , Sipsey Street Irregulars , warns that " the collectivists who now control the government " should leave gun owners alone " if they wish to continue unfettered oxygen consumption . "
He claims the website has garnered more than 1 million visits .
Vanderboegh declined an interview for this article in a lengthy E-mail attacking the Southern Poverty Law Center as " lying , conflationist bastards . "
Nevertheless , Vanderboegh , who used his website to promote his interview with a television station , ended his E - mail by writing , " Thank you in advance for all the free publicity . "
Uncommon Citizen
Paul Venable , 56
Paul Venable , one of the few African - American members of the anti-abortion , anti-tax , anti-immigrant , and anti-gun control Constitution Party , serves as state chair in Idaho , a state that is 95 % white .
He says on his website that he was raised in Ohio and has been an information technology specialist for many years .
He boasts that he and his wife have been presenting Constitution classes and teaching the principles of liberty since 2004 .
Using Thomas Jefferson 's words to refer to himself as a " Common Citizen of Little Consequence , " Venable is definitely a " party " guy , having run for the Idaho House of Representatives as a Constitution Party candidate in 2008 .
In May 2009 , he attended a meeting of radical right leaders at Jekyll Island , Ga. , that appears to have played a key role in the resurgence of the militia movement .
He was then nominated to be a delegate to the " continental congress " in St. Charles , Ill. , in November 2009 , an event that was organized by We the People 's Bob Schulz ( see profile above ) , who also called the Jekyll Island gathering .
Venable spoke at the Constitution Party 's October 2009 National Committee Meeting in Phoenix on the theme of " Get Out of Our House " — referring to the U.S. House of Representatives , which he says on his website has been " emasculated . "
On his website , there is a snapshot of a yellowed poster headlined " WANTED FOR ACTS OF TERRORISM . "
It features sketches of George Washington , Thomas Jefferson , Samuel Adams and Paul Revere , and their " Aliases " : Founding Father , Sons of Liberty , Freedom Fighters , American Patriots .
The bottom caption reads : " CAUTION Subjects May Be Armed .
They May Also Inspire Revolt Against the Tyranny of Their Government . "
Architect of Militias
Edwin Vieira Jr. , 66
To lawyer and radical - right thinker Edwin Vieira Jr. , the Department of Homeland Security is a misnomer .
The Harvard - educated Vieira feels the government agency is not meant to keep Americans safe .
Instead , much like most arms of the federal government , the agency is bent on encroaching on the sovereignty of American citizens and individual states .
Vieira believes an economic crisis is looming – a cataclysm he believes will lead to a police state .
There will be a " massive social and political unrest bordering on chaos throughout America when the monetary and banking systems finally implode in the not - so - distant - future . "
A longtime associate of tax protester Robert " Bob " Schulz ( see profile above ) , Vieira has appeared in a series of self - produced videos and regularly writes commentaries for fringe websites .
A year ago , he and Schulz co-organized a meeting of 30 " freedom keepers " at Jekyll Island in Georgia , a summit that appears to have played a key role in reinvigorating the antigovernment Patriot movement .
Vieira could not attend because , conference leaders said , he was working on a book on " well - regulated militias " and his plans to establish militias in all 50 states .
According to an Internet bio , Vieira holds four degrees from Harvard and has practiced law for more than 30 years , with an emphasis on constitutional issues .
Remarkably , he also is the older brother of Meredith Vieira , the co-host of NBC's " Today " and host of " Who Wants to Be a Millionaire , " according to the Internet Movie Data Base .
In his book , How to Dethrone the Imperial Judiciary , Vieira advocates the impeachment of " advocacy judges " who have authorized abortion and gay marriage .
In 2005 , he called for the impeachment of Supreme Court Justice Anthony M. Kennedy , saying that the conservative jurist 's opinion striking down an anti-sodomy statute " upholds Marxist , Leninist , satanic principles drawn from foreign law . "
We ’ve all heard how the h.264 is rolled over on patents and royalties .
Even with these facts , I kept supporting the best - performing “ delivery ” codec in the market , which is h.264 .
“ Let the best win ” , I kept thinking .
But it was n’t until very recently when I was made aware that the problem is way deeper .
No , my friends .
It ’s not just a matter of just “ picking Theora ” to export a video to Youtube and be clear of any litigation .
MPEG - LA ’s trick runs way deeper !
The [ street - smart ] people at MPEG - LA have made sure that from the moment we use a camera or camcorder to shoot an mpeg2 ( e.g. HDV cams ) or h.264 video ( e.g. digicams , HD dSLRs , AVCHD cams ) , we owe them royalties , even if the final video distributed was not encoded using their codecs !
Let me show you how deep the rabbit hole goes .
UPDATE : Engadget just wrote a reply to this article .
The article says that you do n’t need an extra license to shoot commercial video with h.264 cameras , but I wonder why the license says otherwise , and Engadget ’s “ quotes ” of user / filmmaker indemnification by MPEG - LA are anonymous …
UPDATE 2 : Engadget ’s editor replied to me .
So according to him , the quotes are not anonymous , but organization - wide on purpose .
If that ’s the case , I guess this concludes that .
And I can take them on their word from now on .
UPDATE 3 : And regarding royalties ( as opposed to just licensing ) , one more reply by Engadget ’s editor .
You see , there is something very important , that the vast majority of both consumers and video professionals do n’t know : ALL modern video cameras and camcorders that shoot in h.264 or mpeg2 , come with a license agreement that says that you can only use that camera to shoot video for “ personal use and non-commercial ” purposes ( go on , read your manuals ) .
I was first made aware of such a restriction when someone mentioned that in a forum , about the Canon 7D dSLR .
I thought it did n’t apply to me , since I had bought the double - the - price , professional ( or at least prosumer ) , Canon 5D Mark II .
But looking at its license agreement last night ( page 241 ) , I found out that even my $ 3000 camera comes with such a basic license .
So , I downloaded the manual for the Canon 1D Mark IV , a camera that costs $ 5000 , and where Canon consistently used the word “ professional ” and “ video ” on the same sentence on their press release for that camera .
Nope !
Same restriction : you can only use your professional video dSLR camera ( professional , according to Canon ’s press release ) , for non-professional reasons .
And going even further , I found that even their truly professional video camcorder , the $ 8000 Canon XL - H1A that uses mpeg2 , also comes with a similar restriction .
You can only use your professional camera for non-commercial purposes .
For any other purpose , you must get a license from MPEG - LA and pay them royalties for each copy sold .
I personally find this utterly unacceptable .
And no , this is not just a Canon problem ( which to me sounds like false advertising ) .
Sony and Panasonic , and heck , even the Flip HD , have the exact same licensing restriction .
Also , all video editors and official media players come with similarly restricted codec licenses !
Apparently , MPEG - LA makes it difficult for camera manufacturers , or video editor software houses , to obtain a cheap - enough license that allows their users to use their codec any way they want !
This way , MPEG - LA caches in not only from the manufacturers and software providers , but also artists , and even viewers ( more on that later ) .
Maximizing their profit , they are !
Recently , MPEG - LA extended their “ free internet broadcasting AVC license ” until 2015 .
So until then , users can use a licensed encoder ( x264 does n’t count , in their view this makes both the video producer AND every random viewer of that video * liable * ) , to stream online royalty - free , as long as that video is free to stream .
However , what ’s “ free to stream ” ?
According to one interpretation of the U.S. law ( disclaimer : I ’m no lawyer ) , if you stream your video with ads ( e.g. Youtube , Vimeo ) , then that ’s a non -free usage .
It ’s commercial video , even if you , the producer , makes no dime out of it ( and that ’s a definition and interpretation of the US law that even Creative Commons believes so , if I am to judge from their last year ’s “ what ’s a commercial video ” survey ) .
MPEG -LA never made a distinction in their newly renewed license between “ free streaming on your own personal ad - free homepage ” , and “ streaming via youtube / vimeo ” .
For all we know , they can still go against Youtube / Vimeo for not paying them [ extra ] royalties ( to what , I assume , they already pay ) for EVERY video viewed via their service , or go against the video producer himself .
And then there ’s the other thing too : Both Youtube and Vimeo use the open source x264 encoder to encode their videos , as far as I know .
Youtube ’s version is a highly modified x264 version ( forked , I believe ) , and Vimeo ’s is a much more vanilla version ( since their company has fewer C/ C++ engineers than Youtube ) .
Vimeo is probably in even worse situation because they offer their in - house encoded x264 MP4 videos for free download too , prompting users to download these x264 - created videos , and break their license agreement with MPEG - LA for using unlicensed videos with their [ licensed ] decoder installed on their PC !
Since we know for a fact that x264 is breaking the MPEG - LA license agreements ( because their devs did n’t license it with MPEG - LA ) , can this make Vimeo , myself the video producer , AND every of these millions of viewers , liable , in the eyes of MPEG - LA ?
Is this kind of licensing even enforceable ?
Possibly no .
Am I panicking for nothing ?
Quite possibly , yes .
But I still do n’t like the language of the license and the restrictions it opposes .
In my opinion , while the current MPEG - LA execs still seem to have some small common sense , there ’s nothing protecting us from changing their current somewhat - common - sense execs in 5 or 10 years time , with some bat - shit crazy ones .
Their license agreement is so broad , that ALLOWS for crazy lawsuits against 99.999 % of the population ( most people have watched a Youtube video , you see , even if themselves might not even own a PC ) .
Think about it .
They have created such broad license agreements , with such a stronghold around the whole chain of production ( from shooting to delivering ) , that they could make liable the whole EU / US population , and beyond .
This is major .
This is one of these things where the DoJ should get involved .
This is one of the situations that can destroy art .
I ’m a video producer myself ( I direct rock music videos for local bands without compensation , and I also shoot Creative Commons nature videos ) , and I much prefer to never hold a camera in my hands ever again than to pay these leeches a dime .
If MPEG - LA enforces all that they CAN enforce via their various EULAs , then fewer and fewer people will want to record anything of note to share with others .
And that ’s how an artistic culture can ROT .
By creating the circumstances where making art , in a way that does n’t get in your way , is illegal .
Only big corporations would be able to even grab a camera and shoot .
And if only big corporations can shoot video that they can share ( for free or for money ) , then we end up with what Creative Commons ’ founder , Larry Lessig , keeps saying : a READ - ONLY CULTURE .
Humans are intellectual species .
We ca n’t go further , advance our own species , go to the next level , without art .
We need every member of the society to be free to express him / herself via any modern means of art that can REACH OTHERS .
Art is only effective when it can reach other people .
And MPEG - LA makes it not only difficult to do so , but it could bankrupt you .
This is why I said that this a DoJ / governmental issue .
It ’s not only anti-trust , monopolistic and whatever other economical buzzword you want to use , but it ’s also something very dangerous for our society as a whole .
As I explained above , the problem CAN NOT be fixed by simply exporting your footage using OGV Theora , because by the time you decided you want to charge for your video , or upload it on a free streaming site with ads , or you used a non-licensed * decoder * to edit it , you ’re already liable .
In fact , you ’ve already made your decision which route to take by the moment you pressed that “ REC ” button on your camera !
Theora ( and any other Free codec ) only helps you in one small part of the licensing minefield that MPEG - LA has setup in the last 20 years .
It does n’t protect you in the whole chain of creation - editing - exporting - sharing , which is how MPEG - LA has locked us in for good .
MPEG -LA has insinuated in the past that they own so many patents around mpeg2 and h.264 , that is simply not possible to build a video codec that it does n’t infringe on their patents .
Guess what .
I do believe that this is pretty true .
I do n’t believe that any modern codec is actually patent - free .
It ’s not possible , since their patents seem to be as broad as their licensing agreements .
For some algorithms , there is only a single way of doing it right , and that method was probably already patented in the ’90s by MPEG - LA .
So if one day they decide to go against Theora , BBC ’s Dirac , or VP8 , it ’s possible that they do have a case .
I ’m not a lawyer of course , but it is my opinion that they would find a way to do damage in court !
Now , there is only one way out of this whole MPEG - LA mess :
1 . Use a camera that does not use any of MPEG - LA ’s codecs .
2 . Use a codec that all , of most of its patents , have expired , patents that * PREDATE * MPEG - LA’s .
3 . After editing , export back to that codec .
Do n’t use any of the supposedly modern patent - free codecs , because you can still be liable if MPEG - LA sues these codecs and wins .
So , which codec you should use to record your video and share with the world ?
The solution is MJPEG .
Let me make one thing clear .
MJPEG ** sucks ** as a codec .
It ’s very old and inefficient .
OGV Theora looks like alien technology compared to it .
But ( all , if not most of ) its patents have expired .
And JPEG is old enough to predate MPEG - LA .
Thankfully , there are still some MJPEG HD cameras in the market , although they are getting fewer and fewer : Nikon ’s dSLRs , Pentax ’s new dSLRs , and the previous generation of Panasonic ’s HD digicams .
Other cameras that might be more acceptable to use codec - wise are the Panasonic HVX - 200 ( DVCPro HD codec , $ 6000 ) , the SILICON IMAGING SI - 2K ( using the intermediate format Cineform to record , costs $ 12,000 ) , and the RED One ( using the R3D intermediate format , costs $ 16,000 + ) .
Almost every other HD camera in the market is unsuitable , if you want to be in the clear 100 % ( and that ’s already monopolistic in my view ) .
Another way to get mpeg - free video is to record via HDMI , directly to the desktop PC ( and bypass the SD / CF card ) .
However , this is NOT an 100 % - proof way of going around MPEG - LA , because some cameras still use their codecs to do some processing ( since HDMI - output is still not “ true ” RAW ) .
And this brings to an end my little thought process which started last night and has consumed me ever since .
Apple and Microsoft supporting the behemoth called MPEG - LA makes me sick to my stomach .
They should both be ashamed of themselves .
Instead , they should all be lobbying to get them out of the way completely — and not via just picking a different codec , but completely invalidating most of their patents .
Put lobbying to the government to good use , for once .
FREE OUR CULTURE .
We already have Creative Commons , and a Free codec in our disposal .
But without FREE CAMERA CODECS , we ’re going nowhere fast .
Because it all starts with the camera .
Not how you export at the very end .
Procrastinate Less By Forgiving Yourself
Without self - forgiveness procrastination can snowball .
People often dislike , criticise and put themselves down for their procrastination .
In a new study , though , Wohl et al. ( 2010 ) wondered if this self - blame may be counter - productive .
By following 119 first - year students through two midterm examinations , the researchers tested whether self - forgiveness about procrastination before the first midterm was associated with less procrastination before the second midterm .
Although we tend to think that letting ourselves off easy will lead to more procrastination , Wohl et al. found the reverse :
“ Forgiveness allows the individual to move past their maladaptive behaviour and focus on the upcoming examination without the burden of past acts to hinder studying . ”
This may work because :
“ … forgiving oneself for procrastinating has the beneficial effect of reducing subsequent procrastination by reducing negative affect associated with the outcome of an examination . ”
Another way of thinking of this is in terms of approach and avoidance behaviours .
Because we tend to avoid things that make us feel bad , pent up guilt about a task will make us avoid that task in the future .
Self - forgiveness , though , may reduce guilt and so make us more likely to approach the task .
This explanation highlights the fact that we do n’t just have emotional relationships with people , we also have them with tasks .
Some tasks we like and look forward to like trusted old friends , while others feel more like muggers stealing away hours of our lives .
The design of this study does n’t tell us how easy it is for those who are hard on themselves to begin exercising self - forgiveness because it only examined what participants did naturally .
Unfortunately psychologists have little evidence about the process of self - forgiveness , they only know it ’s ‘ A Good Thing ’ .
Perhaps just knowing that self - forgiveness is healthy is beneficial .
I hope for all our sakes it is .
→ Also check out : how to avoid procrastination .
Image credit : Emilie Ogez
( AP ) --
In 1998 , a hacker told Congress that he could bring down the Internet in 30 minutes by exploiting a certain flaw that sometimes caused online outages by misdirecting data .
In 2003 , the Bush administration concluded that fixing this flaw was in the nation 's " vital interest . "
Fast forward to 2010 , and very little has happened to improve the situation .
The flaw still causes outages every year .
Although most of the outages are innocent and fixed quickly , the problem still could be exploited by a hacker to spy on data traffic or take down websites .
Meanwhile , our reliance on the Internet has only increased .
The next outage , accidental or malicious , could disrupt businesses , the government or anyone who needs the Internet to run normally .
The outages are caused by the somewhat haphazard way that traffic is passed between companies that carry Internet data .
The outages are called " hijackings , " even though most of them are not caused by criminals bent on destruction .
Instead the outages are a problem borne out of the open nature of the Internet , a quality that also has stimulated the Net 's dazzling growth .
" It 's ugly when you look under the cover , " says Earl Zmijewski , a general manager at Renesys Corp. , which tracks the performance of Internet data routes .
" It amazes me every day when I get into work and find it 's working . "
When you send an e-mail , view a Web page or do anything else online , the information you read and transmit is handed from one carrier of Internet data to another , sometimes in a long chain .
When you log into Facebook , your data might be handed from your Internet service provider to a company such as Level 3 Communications Inc. , which operates a global network of fiber - optic lines that carry Internet data across long distances .
It , in turn , might pass the data to a carrier that 's connected directly to Facebook 's server computers .
The crux of the problem is that each carrier along the way figures out how to route the data based only on what the surrounding carriers in the chain say , rather than by looking at the whole path .
It 's as if a driver had to get from Philadelphia to Pittsburgh without a map , navigating solely by traffic signs he encountered along the way - but the signs were n't put up by a central authority .
If a sign pointed in the wrong direction , that driver would get lost .
That 's essentially what happens when an Internet route gets hijacked .
Because carriers pass information between themselves about where data should go - and this system has no secure , automatic means of verifying that the routing information is correct - data can be routed to some carrier that is n't expecting the information .
The carrier does n't know what to do with it , and usually just drops it .
It falls into a " black hole . "
On April 25 , 1997 , millions of people in North America lost access to all of the Internet for about an hour .
The hijacking was caused by an employee misprogramming a router , a computer that directs data traffic , at a small Internet service provider .
A similar incident happened elsewhere the next year , and the one after that .
Routing errors also blocked Internet access in different parts of the world , often for millions of people , in 2001 , 2004 , 2005 , 2006 , 2008 and 2009 .
Last month a Chinese Internet service provider halted access from around the world to a vast number of sites , including Dell.com and CNN.com , for about 20 minutes .
In 2008 , Pakistan Telecom tried to comply with a government order to prevent access to YouTube from the country and intentionally " black - holed " requests for YouTube videos from Pakistani Internet users .
But it also accidentally told the international carrier upstream from it that " I 'm the best route to YouTube , so send all YouTube traffic to me . "
The upstream carrier accepted the routing message , and passed it along to other carriers across the world , which started sending all requests for YouTube videos to Pakistan Telecom .
Soon , even Internet users in the U.S. were deprived of videos of singing cats and skateboarding dogs for a few hours .
In 2004 , the flaw was put to malicious use when someone got a computer in Malaysia to tell Internet service providers that it was part of Yahoo Inc .
A flood of spam was sent out , appearing to come from Yahoo .
" Hijacking is very much like identity theft .
Someone in the world claims to be you , " said Todd Underwood , who worked for Renesys during the Pakistan Telecom hijacking .
He now works for Google Inc. , trying to prevent hijacking of its websites , which include YouTube .
In 2003 , the Bush administration 's Critical Infrastructure Protection Board assembled a " National Strategy to Secure Cyberspace " that concluded that it was vital to fix the routing system and make sure the " traffic signs " always point in the right direction .
But unlike Internet bugs that get discovered and fixed relatively quickly , the routing system has been unreformed for more than a decade .
And while there 's some progress being made , there 's little industry - wide momentum behind efforts to introduce a permanent remedy .
Data carriers regard the fallibility of the routing system as the price to be paid for the Internet 's open , flexible structure .
The simplicity of the routing system makes it easy for service providers to connect , a quality that has probably helped the explosive growth of the Internet .
That growth has also increased the risks exponentially .
Fifteen years ago , maybe 8,000 people in the world had access to computers that use the Border Gateway Protocol , or BGP , which defines how carriers pass routing information to each other .
Now , Danny McPherson , chief security officer at Arbor Networks , believes that with the growth of Internet access across the world and the attendant increase in the number of carriers , that figure is probably closer to 1 million people .
Peiter Zatko , a member of the " hacker think tank " called the L0pht , told Congress in 1998 that he could use the BGP vulnerability to bring down the Internet in half an hour .
In recent years , Zatko - who now works for the Pentagon 's Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency - has said the exploit would still work .
However , it would likely take a few hours rather than 30 minutes , partly because a greater number of Internet carriers would need to be hit .
Plenty of solutions have been proposed in the Internet engineering community , going back as far as 1995 .
The U.S. government has supported these efforts , spurred in part by the Bush administration 's 2003 strategy statement .
That has resulted in some trials of new technology , but adoption by data carriers still appears distant .
And the federal government does n't have any direct authority to force changes .
One reason is that the weaknesses in the system are in the routing between carriers .
It does n't help if one carrier introduces a new system - every one it connects with has to make the change as well .
" It 's kind of everybody 's problem , because it impacts the stability of the Internet , but at the same time it 's nobody 's problem because nobody owns it , " says Doug Maughan , who deals with the issue at the Department of Homeland Security .
The big Internet carriers seem willing to accept the status quo .
Spokesmen at AT&T Inc. and Verizon Communications Inc. , two of the largest , world - spanning carriers of Internet traffic , said they were unable to find anyone at their companies who could discuss the issue of routing reform .
Pieter Poll , the chief technology officer at Qwest Communications International Inc. , says that he would support some simple mechanisms to validate data routes , but he argues that fundamental reform is n't necessary .
Hijackings are typically corrected quickly enough that they do n't pose a major threat , he argues .
One fix being tested would stop short of making the routing system fully secure but would at least verify part of it .
Yet this system also worries carriers because they would have to work through a central database .
" My fear is that innovation on the Internet would slow down if there 's a need to go through a central authority , " Poll says .
" I see little appetite for that in the industry . "
Jeffrey Hunker , a former senior director for critical infrastructure in the Clinton administration , says he's not surprised that little has happened on the issue since 2003 .
He does n't expect much to happen in the next seven years , either .
" The only thing that 's going to drive adoption is a major incident , which we have n't had yet , " he says .
" But there 's plenty of evidence out there that a major incident would be possible . "
In the meantime , network administrators deal with hijacking an old - fashioned way : calling their counterparts close to where the hijacking is happening to get them to manually change data routes .
Because e-mails may not arrive if a route has been hijacked , the phone is a more reliable option , says Tom Daly , chief technical officer of Dynamic Network Services Inc. , which provides Web hosting and other Internet services .
" You make some phone calls and hope and pray , " Daly says .
" That 's about it . "
Explore further FAA telecom upgrade reaches IP milestone
©2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Caracas , June 4th 2010 ( Venezuelanalysis.com ) –
The annual report released by the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute ( SIPRI ) on Wednesday revealed that Venezuela is the Latin American country that reduced its military spending the most in 2009 , with 25 % less than the year before .
In total volume of military spending compared to the rest of Latin America , “ Venezuela occupies fifth place with US $ 3.254 billion , a quarter less than the money it spent toward this end in 2008 , ” reported EFE in reference to the report .
Brazil increased its military spending more than any other Latin American country , allocating a total of US $ 27.1 billion in 2009 , an increase of 16 % .
Brazil was followed by Colombia , whose military expenditure increased by 11 % .
SIPRI indicated that Colombia is the country in the region that directs the most money toward military spending as a percentage of its Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) , with 3.7 % .
Colombia ’s spending is two tenths of one percent above Chile , which occupies second place in spending as a percentage of the GDP , ahead of Ecuador with 2.8 % , Brazil with 1.5 % , Venezuela with 1.4 % , and Uruguay with 1.3 % .
The Americas was the region which spent the most money on arms in 2009 , due to the presence of the United States , which piled up US $ 661 billion , 43 % of the world total .
The data supplied by SIPRI contradicts the matrix of opinion generated by the large , right - wing international media which have insisted that Venezuela “ is in an arms race . ”
Recently , the U.S. assistant secretary of state for the Western Hemisphere , Arturo Valenzuela , said that his country – the biggest buyer and seller of weapons – “ is worried about the aggressive discourse and the arms race on the part of the government of Venezuela . ”
“ We cannot tolerate , at this level , threats of war between countries , meddling between countries that could be support for terrorist groups , ” Valenzuela affirmed before a university auditorium in Colombia , a country besieged with seven United States military bases as the result of an accord that has been considered a violation of the nation ’s sovereignty .
Translated and expanded by James Suggett for Venezuela Analysis .
To view the SIPRI report , click here .
To view the EFE report , click here .
' Staggering ' disparities seen between Alvin Greene 's Election Day touch - screen results and paper - based absentee vote
Will corporate MSM have courage to ' go there ' ?...
Brad Friedman Byon 6/11/2010 , 1:55 pm PT
[ UPDATED twice at end of article . ]
Nobody in the South Carolina Democratic Party had ever heard of Alvin Greene , the jobless candidate for the Democratic U.S. Senate nomination , before he reportedly defeated state legislator Vic Rawl last Tuesday .
That , despite the jobless candidate 's lack of actual campaigning , campaign website , or even spending any money on a campaign as far as anyone can tell .
And there remain questions at this hour , as to where he even came up with the $ 10,440 filing fee to get on the ballot in the first place .
Greene 's interview on MSNBC last night is one of the most bizarre ever seen on television ( full video posted at end of article ) .
Unless something changes between now and November , however , Greene 's inexplicable victory will pit him against the state 's often - controversial , and far - Rightwing Republican incumbent , Sen. Jim DeMint .
But where some have suggested Greene was a " plant " in the race , experts now examining the actual election result data from both SC 's unverifiable Election Day touch - screen machines and its electronically counted paper - ballot absentee voting system are noting " curious " and even " staggering " disparities , suggesting what some Election Integrity experts are describing at this hour as " clear signs of ELECTION FRAUD in South Carolina " ...
The ' Plant ' Theory
SC's Democratic U.S. House Rep. Jim Clyburn has suggested Greene may be a " plant " by the GOP , though Greene has denied that .
Clyburn also believes , with some interesting evidence to back it up , that the candidate who ran unsuccessfully him , and even a third candidate on the ballot last Tuesday , might similarly be plants .
But the " plant " theory does n't explain the extraordinary numbers that Greene reportedly received at the polls on Tuesday , if not in the absentee voting .
While it 's possible all of this could be an issue of dirty tricks by Republicans who are allowed to vote in SC 's open primary , there were , apparently , no known efforts by the GOP to push for Greene votes --- certainly not enough to account for the staggering 59 to 41 victory Greene reportedly sailed to on Tuesday .
' Staggering ' E - Vote ' Red Flags '
So , what else , besides or in addition to the " plant " theory , could account for Greene 's remarkable " victory " ?
South Carolina uses ES&S ' 100 % unverifiable Direct Recording Electronic ( DRE , in this case touch - screen ) voting machines at the polling place .
The machines , also used in many other states ( such as Arkansas , where we recently reported exclusively on the disappearance of thousands of votes on May 18th , which neither state nor local officials are able to explain to this day ) are both oft - failed and easily manipulated in such a way that it 's almost impossible to detect the systems have been gamed .
As we 've written , nearly every time there is an election in South Carolina , whoever the machines end up announcing as the " winner , " will likely be the winner , since there is literally no way to guarantee that even a single vote ever cast on such machines was actually recorded as per the voter 's intent .
It 's an insane way to run a democracy , as The BRAD BLOG has spent years , and literally thousands of articles , trying to point out .
Last night , we snarkily Tweeted to that end :
Maybe we shuld recount ballots in SC 2 make sure Alvin Greene actually won .
Oh , wait .
Never mind .
# BallotFreeVoting # DumbAsses
Today , however , we 're delighted to see that actual mainstream media are beginning to note the disparities in the patterns of absentee paper - ballot voting versus the polling place results as cast and recorded on ES&S 's 100 % faith - based voting machines --- the very same machines which have been decertified in state after state , based on repeated scientific reports on their multiple vulnerabilities .
The disparities being found by " three different teams " of unnamed " national academic experts , " in their early comparisons between result patterns in the Election Day DRE - tallied " ballots " and the optically - scanned absentee paper ballots are already startling , and raising serious red flags suggesting electronic vote tampering ... even as reported in the corporate mainstream media today .
As reported by Politico this morning ( yes , Politico ! ) :
One potential red flag : A significant difference between the results of absentee and election day ballots .
According to [ Rawl campaign manager Walter ]
Ludwig , of the state 's 46 counties , half have a disparity of greater than 10 percentage points between the absentee and election day ballots .
" The election day ballots all favor Mr. Greene .
We do n't know what it means , " Ludwig said in an interview .
" We did significantly better on absentees than Election Day , which is according to the mathematicians , quite significant .
The other reason is , it did n't happen in any other races on the ballot . "
In Lancaster County , Rawl won absentee ballots over Greene by a staggering 84 percent to 16 percent margin ; but Greene easily led among Election Day voters by 17 percentage points .
In Spartanburg County , Ludwig said there are 25 precincts in which Greene received more votes than were actually cast and 50 other precincts where votes appeared to be missing from the final count .
" In only two of 88 precincts , do the number of votes Greene got plus the number we got equal the total cast , " Ludwig said .
Greene also racked up a 75 percent or greater margin in one - seventh of all precincts statewide , a mark that Ludwig notes is even difficult for an incumbent to reach .
Those are some remarkable numbers already , and we even heard them picked up by MSNBC earlier today ( yes , MSNBC ! )
' Rigging the Machines '
Election integrity experts --- those who are wiling to actually be named --- are already drawing a bead on SC 's e-voting system , as much , or more so , than the " plant " theory .
NYU media professor Mark Crispin Miller , author of two books on the issue , Fooled Again : The Real Case for Electoral Reform and Loser Take All : Election Fraud and The Subversion of Democracy , 2000 - 2008 [ Disclosure :
The BRAD BLOG is heavily cited in the former , and contributed an investigative chapter to the latter ] sent a note to his sizeable e-mail list this morning citing " clear signs of ELECTION FRAUD in South Carolina . "
" With DRE machines deployed statewide ( and op - scans used to " count " the absentee ballots ) , stealing Greene 's race would be a cinch , " Miller wrote .
" Nor is there any reason whatsoever to believe the numbers tossed out by ES&S , the right - wing private company that makes and maintains both those DREs and op - scans . "
Miller quotes an email from Jonathan Simon , co-founder and Executive Director of the Election Defense Alliance , asking " Let 's assume Greene was a plant , how does that get him 59 % of the votes statewide ? "
Simon , a long - time critic of e-voting , known for reporting on the extraordinary and still - unexplained disparities between Election Night results and Exit Polls in the 2004 Presidential race , suspects foul - play on the machines .
" [ Greene ] was a complete unknown to all voters , D and R .
There was no campaign , period , certainly not to Democratic voters , and no evidence at all of one to GOP voters urging them to crossover vote in the D primary ( the strategy that was credited with some bizarre results in D primaries in 2008 ) . "
" So , whether Greene was or a plant or not can't really be the issue : you can plant a guy in a race but you can't get him 59 % of the vote --- unless you 're rigging the machines . "
He went on to point to the same concerns we 'd Tweeted last night in regard to the unverifiable ES&S voting system used across the state , and called for the machines to be impounded immediately for investigation .
" The machines are ES&S no -paper - trail DREs , 100 % pure , unadulterated faith - based voting .
The only question that I want to ask is why James Clyburn and Keith Olbermann and everybody else are focusing on the candidates , when it is so blatantly obvious that they should be talking about the DRE machines .
Time to impound a few of those suckers , assuming the code is not self - deleting . "
The BRAD BLOG has long called for federal law requiring the 22 - month retention of all election - related materials to be applied to the sensitive memory cards used in voting systems to both program the " ballot " and record voter preferences .
Routinely , those memory cards , which are likely to hold evidence of either manipulation or failure , if there is any in an election , are erased with days or weeks following an election .
Democrats in South Carolina would do well to get to court immediately and ask for not just an impounding of the machines themselves , but of those memory cards before the important information on them is deleted for good .
Will Corporate Media follow the trail this time ?
Simon added one other noteworthy thought in his email , regarding the corporate mainstream media 's astounding lack of willingness , generally , to even broach the issue of machine - based election fraud at all .
" AOL ' Politics Daily ' moderators apparently thought my Comment questioning the veracity of the DRE counts was ' not a constructive contribution ' to the dialogue and accordingly blocked it from publication .
Do n't know whether to cry or laugh .
I wonder why the riggers decided to go this far out on the limb : inebriation , stupidity , hubris , or just because they know they can ? "
We do n't know , of course , whether there were " riggers " or not at this hour .
But we can certainly confirm the corporate media 's years - long propensity to examine every other explanation for such anomalous elections , except for the one which might also be the most obvious .
Neither Simon nor Miller had likely seen Politico 's report yet , as quoted above , when their emails were sent out .
That report , though it does n't specifically discuss the possibilities of e-voting manipulation out loud , certainly begins to draw an inescapable focus on the possibility --- for a refreshing change .
This story sounds as if it is likely to have legs .
We 'll see if the corporate mainstream media have the courage --- and intellectual honesty --- to begin focusing on what would seem to be the obvious first suspect here --- the e-voting system --- or whether they 'll take a sudden turn , as they often do , and settle for more more speculative reasons for Alvin Greene having " won " the Democratic nomination for the U.S. Senate in South Carolina .
As ES&S is the largest concealed vote - counting vendor in the nation , and millions of votes will be cast on its systems --- and those of the few other companies whose machines are equally vulnerable , but used across the entire nation anyway --- between here and November , we wo n't be surprised at all if the media determine it 's better to ignore the issue entirely , rather than risk informing the public that the entire voting system on which our " democracy " rests , is built entirely on systems which are easily manipulated in such a way that is virtually impossible to detect ... unless one actually bothers to try and do so ...
* * *
UPDATE 4:54 pm PT : Tom Schaller at FiveThirtyEight.com examines another possible explanation for Greene 's " victory , " the idea that it had something to do with race , as Greene is African American and Rawl is white .
Schaller 's findings , based on his statistical analysis of voting patterns in each county compared to the share of non-white registrants in each :
What 's stunning is that there simply is no relationship between the race of a county 's registrants and Greene 's performance in that county .
He offers hard data for his conclusion , including details from overwhelmingly white counties that went for Greene in enormous numbers , while majority non-white counties barely gave Greene the edge over Rawl .
He also has an email from Rawl 's campaign manager Ludwig , which offers further details on just how bizarre Greene 's victory was .
Here 's a sample :
First of all , understand that Alvin Greene did NO campaigning , none .
He showed up on filing day with a personal check for the hefty fee ( $ 10,400 ) , was told he had to file with a committee check , ran out and came back with a counter check with “ Alvin Greene for US Senate ” handwritten on the top .
Then he utterly disappeared .
No website , did n’t show up at any events ( including a big one in his hometown ) , no signs , no nothing .
I was tracking him , just in case , because of general paranoia , but never had any reports of activity .
We , on the other hand , while we did n’t want to spend a lot of money on primary , we did do 220,000 robocalls ( including one with Rep. John Spratt ) , and sent out about 250,000 emails in the five days before election .
So , yes , we were n’t well known , but we had gone to 80 events around the state , and Rawl had some public profile previously , especially in Charleston County .
UPDATE 9:08 pm PT : FiveThirtyEight 's Tom Schaller follows - up to say that the race is getting " getting weirder by the hour , " to cite new analyses by statisticians suggesting " something smells fishy , " and narrowing down the possibilities of what could have happened here to just two --- one of which involves " a very devious manipulation of the vote returns " .
Full details now here ...
* * *
MSNBC's Keith Olbermann interviews South Carolina 's mystery Democratic U.S. Senate nominee , Alvin Greene , on 6/10 /10 ...
* * *
Please support
The BRAD BLOG 's fiercely independent , award - winning coverage of your electoral system , as available from no other media outlet in the nation , with a donation to help us keep going ( Snail mail , more options here ) .
If you like , we 'll send you some great , award - winning election integrity documentary films in return !
Details right here ...
→ Washington ’s Blog
Matt Simmons was an energy adviser to George W. Bush , is an adviser to the Oil Depletion Analysis Centre , and is a member of the National Petroleum Council and the Council on Foreign Relations .
Simmon is chairman and CEO of Simmons & Company International , an investment bank catering to oil companies .
Simmons told Dylan Ratigan that " there 's another leak , much bigger , 5 to 6 miles away " from the leaking riser and blowout preventer shown on the underwater cameras :
I have no idea whether or not Simmons is right .
The government should immediately either debunk or admit his claim .
If accurate , the bigger leak could have been caused by the destruction of the well casing when the oil rig exploded .
That is Simmons ' theory .
Or it could be caused by a natural oil seep , although the odds of a seep of that size occurring right around the time of the Deep Horizon disaster is nearly zero .
There is another possibility .
It is well - known that there were previous accidents at the Deepwater Horizon rig .
For example , as AP notes :
From 2000 to 2010 , the Coast Guard issued six enforcement warnings and handed down one civil penalty and a notice of violation to Deepwater Horizon , agency records show .
On 18 different occasions during that period the Coast Guard cited the vessel for an " acknowledged pollution source . "
And as 60 Minutes reports : [ Mike Williams , the chief electronics technician on the Deepwater Horizon , and one of the last workers to leave the doomed rig ] said they were told it would take 21 days ; according to him , it actually took six weeks .
With the schedule slipping , Williams says a BP manager ordered a faster pace .
" And he requested to the driller , ' Hey , let 's bump it up .
Let 's bump it up . '
And what he was talking about there is he 's bumping up the rate of penetration .
How fast the drill bit is going down , " Williams said .
Williams says going faster caused the bottom of the well to split open , swallowing tools and that drilling fluid called " mud . "
" We actually got stuck .
And we got stuck so bad we had to send tools down into the drill pipe and sever the pipe , " Williams explained .
That well was abandoned and Deepwater Horizon had to drill a new route to the oil .
It cost BP more than two weeks and millions of dollars .
" We were informed of this during one of the safety meetings , that somewhere in the neighborhood of $ 25 million was lost in bottom hole assembly and ' mud . '
And you always kind of knew that in the back of your mind when they start throwing these big numbers around that there was gonna be a push coming , you know ?
A push to pick up production and pick up the pace , " Williams said .
Asked if there was pressure on the crew after this happened , Williams told Pelley , " There 's always pressure , but yes , the pressure was increased . "
But the trouble was just beginning : when drilling resumed , Williams says there was an accident on the rig that has not been reported before .
He says , four weeks before the explosion , the rig 's most vital piece of safety equipment was damaged .
It is therefore possible that there has been another ongoing leak which BP has tried to cover up .
I know not the true identity of my Santa .
I 'll write more and post pics later , but I 'll tell you the awesome right now .
A six - pack of " can grenades " -- either a belt or a bandolier of sealable can coozies .
Six Abita beer !
( 4 amber , 2 Restoration Pale )
An orangered that contained Abe Lincoln : Vampire Hunter !
Home run , friend !
Home - freakin ' - run !
Ca n't upload photos until I 'm back to the computer , so here 's some imgur linkage :
Count Chocula is intrigued by the orangered : http://I.imgur.com/3Xawu.jpg
He will help open it !
http://I.imgur.com/lwHdn.jpg
Woohoo !
http://I.imgur.com/R1vPQ.jpg
Everything : http://i.imgur.com/7ChvN.jpg
The world 's honeybees are dying in vast numbers and scientists are still trying to figure out why .
As they search for a solution , some beekeepers believe feral bees could be the key to replenishing hives that have been decimated by the mysterious Colony Collapse Disorder .
But how do you move a nest of thousands of " Africanised " bees from their home in the wild ?
Peter Bowes joined beekeeper Keith Roberts as he prepared to remove a colony from a house in a Los Angeles suburb before rehousing the bees in new hives .
READ MORE : Saving California 's bees , one hive at a time
A look at CyanogenMod 5.0.8
Please consider subscribing to LWN Subscriptions are the lifeblood of LWN. net .
If you appreciate this content and would like to see more of it , your subscription will help to ensure that LWN continues to thrive .
Please visit this page to join up and keep LWN on the net .
One of the core features of Linux has always been the ability to switch to a different distribution in the eternal pursuit of something shiny , new , and different .
Linux on handsets should be no different .
Someday , with any luck at all , we 'll be able to change between systems like Android and MeeGo on a single handset .
For now , the options are a bit more limited , but there are still toys to play with .
Your editor took the Cyanogen Mod 5.0.8 announcement as the perfect opportunity to avoid real work for while .
In short : CyanogenMod is a classic demonstration of what can happen when we have control over our gadgets .
CyanogenMod is a rebuild of the Android environment with a lot of added stuff .
Some of what 's there is code from Google which has not yet made it into an official Android release ; for example , Cyanogen Mod users got essential features like color trackball notifications , animated GIF support , and 360 - degree rotation ahead of stock Android users .
They also got features that really are essential , with wireless tethering being at the top of the list .
CyanogenMod also includes newer kernels with more features enabled , busybox and a whole set of command - line utilities , proper virtual private network ( VPN ) support , proper support for applications on the SD card , a cellular access - point name list which takes the guesswork out of using the phone with most providers , and lots more .
CyanogenMod also supports older handsets like the G1 / ADP1 which , otherwise , remain stuck with old versions on the Android system .
It 's worth noting that the CyanogenMod experience actually starts with the recovery image provided by Amon_RA .
This image makes it easy to flash new versions of firmware into the phone .
Even more importantly , though , is the full integration of nandroid backup and restore .
Your editor can attest that this feature is able to take a handset which no longer even boots after a botched update and return it to its previous state .
Needless to say , this capability makes experimenting with new versions a much lower - stress affair - if one remembers to make a backup first .
With regard to the Cyanogen Mod 5.0.8 update , the first thing to be aware of is this : it is still based on the Android 2.1 release .
So while this release has had a lot of 2.2 features since well before 2.2 existed , it is also lacking a few , including the multi-lingual keyboard and the much - faster Java runtime ( though it does have the faster V8 JavaScript engine ) .
People running 2.2 - based handsets will want to think before making the switch to CyanogenMod ; there will be losses as well as gains .
One assumes that a 2.2 - based release will eventually appear , but nobody has made any promises as to when .
So what is new in 5.0.8 ?
The headline features include :
The launcher has been replaced by ADW .
Launcher , which adds a number of features .
Some of them - being able to see all of the launcher screens with a " pinch " gesture - would be more useful if Android 's screens were more dynamic .
Many of the others seem oriented toward cramming more useful stuff onto each screen by allowing closer icon spacing , adding customizable buttons at the bottom , etc .
It is , all told , an improved experience for users who do a lot with their phones .
The music player application has some new features , primarily gesture support .
It remains a fairly minimal music player , though ; your editor anxiously awaits the day when Rockbox is available as an Android application .
The camera is now capable of recording 720 p video - not bad for a cellphone .
There 's also a number of bug fixes and performance improvements .
Some users are reporting that Cyanogen Mod 5.0.8 feels a lot faster than its predecessors ; your editor is inclined to agree but it's not entirely clear why that would be the case .
One other nice little change is that the practice of hiding some settings under " spare parts " appears to have ended ; all settings are , once again , available from the " settings " application .
There have been a few complaints about problems with this release , mostly associated with video recording .
Those may all be due to a failure to wipe ( factory reset ) the phone before installing the update , though .
Over a couple of days of usage and testing , your editor has not been able to find anything that has gone obviously wrong .
It appears to be a solid release .
Naturally , CyanogenMod is not the only customized distribution available for Android phones ; a number of alternatives are available .
These include Kang - o - rama ( 2.2 - based with claimed high speed and good battery life ) , AsimROM ( 2.2 - based with some theme work ) , LeoFroYo ( 2.2 - based with the nice feature that the Facebook and Twitter applications have been made removable ) , MoDaCo ( 2.2 , " designed to feel as far as possible like a stock ROM , with optimisations , tweaks and complimentary additions that enhance the user experience " ) , and many more .
There are also projects creating specialized kernels , attempting to enable the FM radio said to be built into the Nexus One , and so on .
In summary : there 's no lack of Android distributions for those who wish to play with them .
At least , if one has a Nexus One ; there appear to be fewer developers targeting other handsets .
A word of caution is in order , though .
CyanogenMod appears to be developed with a fair amount of care and should be solid , but there are no guarantees , and some releases are better than others .
The other projects seem to come and go ; the perceived risk level with them may be higher .
As with any computer , good backups are important .
One other thing to keep in mind is this : someday , somebody will certainly yield to the temptation to build a release with some sort of back door or other malware built into it ; for all we know this may have already happened .
A handset running this software would be thoroughly compromised at the most fundamental level , and this situation could persist for some time ; there are few people looking at the code being shipped in these distributions .
Until such a time as we have an ecosystem of trusted distributors for handsets , one must proceed with caution and care .
These concerns reflect the fact that the development of real distributions for handsets has really just begun .
Even so , we can begin to see the potential for where things may go : we have developers updating device firmware with versions which are more featureful , more power - efficient , and more tuned to the needs of specific users .
If all goes well , we can look forward to a future with increasingly open handsets and a wider choice of operating systems to run on those handsets .
Interesting things will certainly come of it .
Anthony Gregory at The Independent Institute blog , The Beacon , on the ‘ progressive ’ media ’s embrace of government thugs at war with people .
30 Mar 2010 | The Beacon
At the close of World War I , the federal government created the General Intelligence Division ( G.I.D. ) , an agency that eventually morphed into the modern Federal Bureau of Investigation ( F.B.I. ) .
One of G.I.D. ’s main tasks was to compile a list of hundreds of thousands of radicals — socialists , anarchists , labor activists and antiwar agitators .
Thousands were arrested for being suspected Communists .
Hundreds of anarchists were deported to Bolshevik Russia , the silver lining being that left - anarchists like Emma Goldman discovered and wrote about the pure horror of Leninism and the fact that “ proletarian dictatorship ” was not any sort of improvement upon the wartime corporatism of the U.S. under Woodrow Wilson .
In the late 1920s , the renamed Bureau of Investigation spied on such “ socialist ” threats as Albert Einstein .
Under Franklin Roosevelt , although the F.B.I. continued to keep track of left radicals , it found a new enemy in the form of opponents of the New Deal .
F.D.R. used the F.B.I. to spy on multitudes of peaceful rightwingers , unleashing a Brown Scare that was later turned against the left during the McCarthy - era Red Scare .
Roosevelt even spied on his Republican presidential opponent , Wendell Willkie .
But during the Cold War , Republican and Democratic administrations again focused the F.B.I. , for the most part , on disrupting the left .
Its COINTELPRO operation — a program to “ track , expose , disrupt , misdirect , discredit , or otherwise neutralize the activities ” of political radicals — was a great success .
F.B.I. ’S COINTELPRO forged letters to bring about violence between the Black Panthers and United Slaves .
In 1976 , a Senate report showed that the FBI had boasted that “ Although no specific counterintelligence action can be credited with contributing to this overall situation , it is felt that a substantial amount of the unrest [ among left radical groups ] is directly attributable to this program . ”
While the F.B.I. was used to infiltrate rightwing anti-Civil Rights and anti-integrationist activists , it was also targeted against stalwarts of the Civil Rights movement .
The FBI monitored everyone from Martin Luther King in the 1960s to John Lennon in the 1970s .
In the late 70s , the Church Committee reports in the Senate culminated in some effort to rein in this horribly abusive federal agency .
In the 1990s , the F.B.I. was at the center of the militia scare , with its snipers and strongmen turned against peaceful separatist Randy Weaver and his family , and later at the Waco , Texas , standoff with Branch Davidians , at the end of which FBI agents gassed , shot and killed dozens of David Koresh ’s followers at their home at Mt. Carmel .
They used incendiary devices , which might have brought on the fire , and then lied about it .
It was in this period that the modern left became enamored of the federal police state and especially the F.B.I .
Almost none of them stood up for the Branch Davidians .
They came to think of F.B.I. agents as a professional , national and enlightened force populated by such figures as the Jodie Foster character in Silence of the Lambs , an agency that enforced civil rights , protected the country from “ rightwing extremists , ” and overturned the injustices of local , prejudiced law enforcement .
But during the Bush II era , when the administration was reported to be reviving COINTELPRO , the left ’s distrust of national police forces also became revived .
In October 2003 , the F.B.I. extensively spied on peaceful Iraq war protesters , focusing especially on “ anarchists .
. . capable of violence . ”
Bush ’s F.B.I. activities were a throwback to the post - World War I General Intelligence Division ’s obsession with anarchists .
In 2005 , the A.C.L.U. sued to reveal in court that it had been monitored by the FBI , which had over a thousand pages of documentation on the organization , as had Greenpeace and other politically leftist organizations .
Religious pacifist groups were also spied on and infiltrated .
And one “ terror plot ” after another allegedly discovered and broken up by the administration just in the nick of time turned out to be a group of poor saps of below - average intelligence who had been duped by federal informants into saying something threatening or “ planning ” a terror attack on American infrastructure with no chance at all of being successful , and probably no chance of having even come up with the idea without federal prodding and agitation .
The concern about the return of Cold War-era F.B.I. infiltration of fringe groups was once again seen on the left .
Now we are back to the Brown Scare , to militia hysteria , to fears that the out - of - power anti-government right , Christian groups , separatists , gunowners , opponents of national social programs , census and tax resisters and so forth are a great threat to American security .
With all the Bush - era anti-Muslim hysteria and war on terror authoritarianism still in place , we have under Obama a revitalization of 1990s - style paranoia about “ hate groups , ” survivalists and indeed the entire populist right .
Just as Bush conservatives could not differentiate Saddam Hussein from Osama bin Laden , or an innocent Muslim doing charity work in Pakistan from an engineer of 9/11 , or an antiwar American activist from an anti-American enemy within giving comfort to the enemy abroad , so too do the Obama leftists conflate peaceful separatists with violent racists , peaceful survivalist militia men with Timothy McVeigh .
Every act of violence or alleged plan to commit violence or even adamant anti-government activism that can be pinned on the “ extremist right ” — the shooter who murdered a guard at the Holocaust museum , the man who murdered an abortion doctor in church , the man who flew a plane through an I.R.S. building , some “ militia ” members allegedly planning anti-government violence — all of this is seen as part of a general trend , even a rightwing conspiracy , one about as coherent as the neoconservatives ’ lumping together all anti-U.S. Muslims under the banner of “ Islamofascism . ”
Indeed , I am surprised that not many have yet warned of the “ Christofascist ” threat to America , although there has been plenty of talk comparing the tea party movement to the Nazi brownshirts and talk that this kind of militia activity is often associated with “ race war , ” even when the particular subjects at hand are not even accused of being racially motivated .
And so when a progressive like Rachel Maddow cheers that the Michigan militia members can be indicted and imprisoned without having done anything violent , when she reports that the FBI has infiltrated this group for months and stepped in to arrest them just in the nick of time , we should not be too surprised when she fails to make the obvious connection , and fails to be the least bit skeptical of the federal government ’s police agents infiltrating a group for months only to discover that that group ’s members are saying things about government that amount to “ seditious conspiracy . ”
What kind of Orwellian world is it when the government can arrest people accused only of planning to commit violence against government agents and unleash a “ civil war ” that we all know is only a fantasy ?
What kind of world is it when the very media figure who denounced Bush ’s “ preemptive war ” and Obama ’s adoption of Bush ’s “ pre-crime ” approach to imprisoning “ enemy combatants ” in “ prolonged detention ” before they commit violence is happy to see a group indicted on federal charges of talking about committing violence — talk that we can safely guess was likely incited by the very F.B.I. that had been infiltrating this group for months ?
What kind of absurdist dystopia has the left crying foul when a private citizen infiltrates ACORN , but has no similar apprehensions about the F.B.I. infiltrating “ extremist ” groups and arresting them for “ seditious conspiracy ” ?
How can anyone who saw through the Bush lies of war and crackdowns in the name of “ national security ” and stopping madmen from getting “ weapons of mass destruction ” really believe that fewer than a dozen Americans with some rifles and some pipebombs were themselves planning to use “ weapons of mass destruction ” in any way that posed a threat to the U.S. government ?
And what about the charge of having weapons in connection to a crime — that crime being the intention of one day committing a crime ?
Of course , preempting people from committing acts of criminal violence is just and sometimes necessary , but the list of questionable charges levied at these people , on the tail end of months of F.B.I. infiltration , would seem to be in a different category , and at least warrants more critical examination before passing judgment .
One can abhor and condemn the idea of violence and oppose vehemently the types of acts that these men and women are accused of planning — and certainly , I do — while still smelling a rat in the way such sting operations are conducted , or at least demonstrating some journalistic skepticism that the government ’s side of the story is 100 % accurate and justifies the imprisonment of these people and the hysteria on which this kind of government activity thrives .
But once again , with their people at the helm of state , the left has decided to embrace the F.B.I. , take it at its word , assume that people are guilty until proven innocent once accused of guilt by the police state that they now see as the guardian of order against rightwing extremism .
Especially strange is the tendency of leftists to fear rightists out of power even more than in power .
The same dynamic can be seen on the other side .
The left and the right love power , and although that power is often directed against their own when the other side is at the reins , they cannot abandon the idea that a police state can be pinpointed only against those they hate , and not those with whom they sympathize .
The responsible , non-partisan and indeed American thing to do is to harbor extreme skepticism toward the state when it spies , infiltrates , arrests and imprisons anyone , and most especially those whose alleged crime is “ sedition ” or “ conspiracy ” or in any way being the enemy of the state .
Anthony Gregory is editor in chief and consultant at Ron Paul ’s Campaign for Liberty and a research analyst at The Independent Institute , policy advisor to The Future of Freedom Foundation , a guest editor for Strike the Root , a columnist for LewRockwell.com , a blogger at Liberty and Power , as well as a frequent guest on AntiWar Radio .
RELATED :
Does Your Credit Card Cover Rental Car Damage ?
Image via Wikipedia
It ’s been a few years since I ’ve actually used a rental car .
But the last time I did use a rental car , I paid the extra $ 15 a day the company was charging for insurance to cover the car if it was damaged .
I ’ve never damaged a rental car , but I figure that the one time I do n’t get insurance , something unexpected will happen .
So I ’ve always paid for insurance on a rental car .
Until now .
Next time I rent a car , I am going to save money on my trip by declining the rental company ’s insurance .
Over the weekend , I received a communication from one of my credit card issuers .
I like to read these notices , since you never know what ’s in them .
This particular notice was a benefit guide for my Visa , detailing how I can take advantage of an auto rental collision damage waiver that comes with my credit card .
Apparently , my credit card issuer provides rental car insurance at no extra charge to me — as long as I handle the rental transaction using this particular credit card .
( This is one of the benefits that can come with using a credit card rather than a debit card in some cases . )
Saving Money on Car Rental Insurance
It is also worth noting that many auto insurance policies will also cover damage to rental cars that you are driving ( mine does not , although it offers an allowance for when my car is being repaired ) .
In those cases , your credit card issuer may reimburse you for the deductible you pay when your auto insurance covers the damage .
If your insurance does n’t cover rental car damage , there is a good chance that at least one of your credit cards will .
When you rent a car , you will be asked whether you want to buy insurance for an extra daily fee .
If your credit card offers rental car insurance , make sure to decline .
You will probably have to sign paperwork stating that you decline the rental company ’s collision damage option .
In order to get coverage by your credit card issuer , you will have to be on record as declining the rental company ’s insurance .
Also , you will only be eligible for what ( if anything ) your own auto insurance policy covers .
Before you rent a car , make sure you know what benefits you have .
Read through your auto insurance policy , or call your agent , to find out whether rental car damage is covered .
Next , read through materials from your credit card company , or call the customer service number provided , to find out the terms of rental insurance coverage from your issuer .
There is a good chance that you do n’t need to pay the car rental company for insurance — you are probably already covered !
Thinking back , I am pretty certain that I have been paying for rental car insurance coverage without needing to .
I ’ve been giving extra money ( money that could have been used for more fun things while on vacation ) to rental car companies .
Before you spend the money on rental car insurance , double check your policies .
You want to save all you can .
Guest Post by Willis Eschenbach
In 2006 , I lived for a year in Waimea , on the Big Island of Hawaii .
From my house I could see the Mauna Loa Observatory ( MLO ) .
This observatory is the home of the longest continuous series of CO2 measurements we have .
The recording station was set up by Dave Keeling in 1959 , and has operated continuously ever since .
Figure 1 . Mauna Loa Observatory ( 19.536337°N , 155.576248°W )
Here ’s a view of the observatory from Panoramio :
Every time the subject of CO2 measurements comes up , people raise all kinds of objections to the Mauna Loa measurements .
So I thought I ’d start a thread where we can discuss those objections , and perhaps dispose of some of them .
Here are the objections that I hear the most :
1. The Mauna Loa results do n’t measure the background CO2 levels .
2 . You ca n’t get accurate CO2 measurements from samples taken on the side of an active volcano that is outgassing CO2 .
3 . The measurements from Mauna Loa are not representative of the rest of the world .
4 . What about the Beck data , does n’t it contradict the MLO data ?
5. Keeling chose a bad location .
Before we get into those issues , let ’s start by looking at the local meteorological conditions at the site .
Mauna Loa is at an elevation of 3397 metres ( 11,140 ft ) on the side of a 4,170 metre ( 13,680 ft ) volcano way out in the middle of the Pacific Ocean .
Because it is on an island , it gets the “ sea breeze ” in the daytime , and the “ land breeze ” in the nighttime .
These winds are caused by the differential heating of the land and the sea .
Land heats up much faster than the ocean .
So during the day , the warmer land heats the air , which rises .
This rising air is replaced by air moving in from the surrounding ocean , creating the “ sea breeze ” .
At night , the situation is reversed .
The land is cooler than the ocean .
This cools the air .
The cool air runs downhill along the slopes of the island and out to sea , creating the “ land breeze ” .
Here ’s a drawing of the situation :
Figure 2 . Day and night breezes at Mauna Loa .
Now that we understand what is happening at Mauna Loa , let ’s look at the objections .
1. The Mauna Loa results do n’t measure the background CO2 levels .
As you might imagine from Fig. 2 , the CO2 measurements are taken only at night .
Thus , they are measuring descending air that is coming from thousands of feet aloft .
This air has traveled across half of the Pacific Ocean , so it is far from any man-made CO2 sources .
And as a result , it is very representative of the global background CO2 levels .
That ’s why Keeling chose the site .
2 . You ca n’t get accurate CO2 measurements from samples taken on the side of an active volcano that is outgassing CO2 .
This seems like an insuperable objection .
I mean , Mauna Loa is in fact an active volcano that is outgassing CO2 .
How do they avoid that ?
The answer lies in the fact that the volcanic gasses are very rich in CO2 .
At night , they are trapped in a thin layer near the ground by a temperature inversion .
To detect the difference between volcanic and background CO2 , the measurements are taken simultaneously from tall towers and from near the ground , at intervals throughout the night .
Background CO2 levels will be around 380 ppmv ( these days ) , will be steady , and will be identical at the top and bottom of the towers .
Volcanic gasses , on the other hand , will be well above 380 ppmv , will be variable , and will be greater near the ground than at the top of the towers .
This allows the scientists to distinguish reliably between volcanic and background CO2 levels .
Here is a description of the process :
Air samples at Mauna Loa are collected continuously from air intakes at the top of four 7 - m towers and one 27 - m tower .
Four air samples are collected each hour for the purpose of determining the CO2 concentration .
Determinations of CO2 are made by using a Siemens Ultramat 3 nondispersive infrared gas analyzer with a water vapor freeze trap .
This analyzer registers the concentration of CO2 in a stream of air flowing at ~ 0.5 L/min .
Every 30 minutes , the flow is replaced by a stream of calibrating gas or “ working reference gas ” .
In December 1983 , CO2 - in - N2 calibration gases were replaced with the currently used CO2 - in - air calibration gases .
These calibration gases and other reference gases are compared periodically to determine the instrument sensitivity and to check for possible contamination in the air - handling system .
These reference gases are themselves calibrated against specific standard gases whose CO2 concentrations are determined manometrically .
Greater details about the sampling methods at Mauna Loa are given in Keeling et al. ( 1982 ) and Keeling et al. ( 2002 ) .
Hourly averages of atmospheric CO2 concentration , wind speed , and wind direction are plotted as a basis for selecting data for further processing .
Data are selected for periods of steady hourly data to within ~ 0.5 parts per million by volume ( ppmv ) ; at least six consecutive hours of steady data are required to form a daily average .
Greater details about the data selection criteria used at Mauna Loa are given in Bacastow et al. ( 1985 ) .
Data are in terms of the Scripps “ 03A ” calibration scale .
There is a more detailed description of the measurement and selection process here .
As a result , the Mauna Loa record does accurately measure the background CO2 levels , despite the fact that it is on an active volcano .
The samples that are identified as volcanic CO2 are not thrown away , however .
They are used for analyses of the volcanic emission rates , such as this one ( pdf ) .
3 . The measurements from Mauna Loa are not representative of the rest of the world .
Well , yes and no .
The concentration of atmospheric CO2 varies by month , and also by latitude .
Here is a “ carpet diagram ” of the changes by time and latitude .
Figure 3 . A “ carpet diagram ” of CO2 distributions , by time and latitude .
Note that the swings are much greater in the Northern Hemisphere .
Presumably , this is from the plants in the much larger land area of the Northern Hemisphere .
However , the difference between the annual average of the Northern and Southern Hemispheres is small .
In addition , there are smaller daily variations around the planet .
An animation of these is visible here , with day by day variations available here .
Figure 4 shows is a typical day ’s variations , picked at random :
Figure 4 . Snapshot of the variations in tropospheric CO2 .
Note that the range is small , about ±1 % of the average value .
In general , the different global records match quite closely .
In addition to the Mauna Loa observatory , NOAA maintains CO2 measuring stations at Barrow , Alaska ; American Samoa ; and the South Pole .
Here is a comparison of the four records ( along with two methane records ) :
Figure 5 . Comparison of the CO2 records from the four NOAA measuring sites .
As you can see , there is very little difference between the CO2 measurements at the four stations – two in the Northern Hemisphere , two in the Southern , two tropical , and two polar .
4 . What about the Beck data , does n’t it contradict the MLO data ?
In 2007 , Ernst - Georg Beck published a paper called “ 180 Years Of Atmospheric CO2 Gas Analysis by Chemical Methods ” ( pdf ) .
In it , he showed a variety of results from earlier analyses of the atmospheric CO2 .
In general , these were larger than either the ice core or the MLO data .
So why do n’t I believe them ?
I do believe them … with a caveat .
I think that the Beck data is accurate , but that it is not measuring the background CO2 .
CO2 measurements need to be done very carefully , in selected locations , to avoid contamination from a host of natural CO2 sources .
These sources include industry , automobiles , fires , soil , plants , the list is long .
To illustrate the problems , I have graphed the Beck data from his Figure 13 , against the Law Dome ice core data and the MLO data .
Figure 6 . CO2 data from a variety of sources .
White crosses are MLO data .
Three separate ice core records are shown .
Photo is of Mauna Loa dusted with snow ( yes , it snows in Hawaii . )
PHOTO SOURCE
There are several things to note about this graph .
First , there is good agreement between the Law Dome ice core data and the MLO data over the ~ two decade overlap .
Second , there is good agreement between the three separate Law Dome ice core datasets .
Third , both the ice cores and the MLO data do not vary much from year to year .
Now look at the various datasets cited by Beck .
Many of them vary quite widely from one year to the next .
The different datasets show very different values for either the same year or for nearby years .
And they differ greatly from both the ice core and the MLO data .
Because of this , I conclude that the Beck data , while valuable for showing ground level CO2 variations at individual locations , do not reflect the background CO2 level of the planet .
As such , they cannot be compared to the MLO data , to the ice core data , or to each other .
5. Keeling chose a bad location .
I would say that Keeling picked a very good location .
It not only allows us to measure the background CO2 in a very accurate manner , it provides invaluable information about the amount of CO2 coming from the volcano .
My conclusion ?
Most of the records in the field of climate science are short , spotty , and not very accurate .
We have little global historical information on ocean temperatures , on land temperatures , on relative humidity , on atmospheric temperatures , on hurricane occurrence and strength , or on a host of other variables .
By contrast , the Mauna Loa CO2 records are complete since 1959 , are very accurate , and are verified by measurements in several other locations .
I ’m about as skeptical as anyone I know .
But I think that the Mauna Loa CO2 measurements are arguably the best dataset in the field of climate science .
I would n’t waste time fighting to disprove them , there are lots of other datasets that deserve closer scrutiny .
[ UPDATE ]
A reader below has added another question , viz :
6 . What about Jaworoski ’s claim that the ice core data has had its age “ adjusted ” ?
Jaworoski argues that the age of the air in the ice cores has been “ adjusted ” to make it align with the modern data .
He says , for example , that the Siple ice core data has been moved forwards exactly 83 years to make them match the Mauna Loa data .
Dating the ice core data is problematic .
We can date the ice itself pretty accurately , through counting layers ( like tree rings ) and through studying various substances such as volcanic dust that is trapped in the ice .
However , dating the air is harder .
The difficulty is that the air is not trapped in the ice immediately .
The pores in the “ firn ” , the snow that falls annually on top of the ice are open .
Air can flow in and out .
As more and more snow falls over the years , at some point the pores close off and the air is trapped .
So how long does it take for the pores in the firn to seal off ?
Unfortunately , as in so many areas of climate science , the answer is … “ depends ” .
It depends inter alia on how much snow falls every year , how much of that snow sublimates ( changes from a solid to a gas ) every year , and even the shape and size of the individual snowflakes .
The end result of all of this is that we end up with two ages for any given thin slice of an ice core .
These are the “ ice age ” ( how old the ice itself is ) , and the “ air age ” ( how old the air trapped in the ice is ) .
The ice is always older than the air .
The main variable in that is thought to be the annual snowfall .
Unfortunately , while we know the current rate of annual snowfall , we do n’t know the historical rate , particularly tens of thousands of years ago .
So we use the concentration of an isotope of oxygen called “ d18O ” to estimate the historical snowfall rate , and thence the firn closing rate , and from that the air age .
Sounds a bit sketchy ?
Well … it is , particularly as we go way back .
However , for recent data , it is much more accurate .
So to bring this back to real data , in the ice core data I showed in Fig. 5 , the air is calculated to be 30 years younger than the ice for cores DEO8 and DEO8 - 2 , and 58 years younger for the DSS core .
Is this correct ?
I do n’t know , but I do know that there are sound scientific reasons for the “ adjustment ” that Jaworowski objects to .
Finally , the existence of a thirty to sixty year difference in air and ice age does n’t make much difference in the pre-industrial levels of CO2 .
This is because prior to about 1800 , the level is basically flat , so an error in the air age dating does n’t change the CO2 values in any significant manner .
FURTHER INFORMATION :
MLO Home Page
MLO Data Links
Greenhouse Gas & Carbon Cycle Research Programs
Trends in Atmospheric Carbon Dioxide
MLO Webcams
How we measure background CO2 levels on Mauna Loa
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Royal Marines in Afghanistan have begun using a new long - range rifle in their fight against the Taliban .
Members of 40 Commando have deployed the Sharpshooter on the front line in Helmand province for about a fortnight now , the Ministry of Defence said .
The semi-automatic weapon - the first new infantry combat rifle in more than 20 years - is more accurate over long distances with higher calibre rounds .
More than 400 were bought in January as a £ 1.5 m urgent operational requirement .
' It 's hoofing '
The Sharpshooter will be used alongside the Army 's standard issue SA80 A2 assault rifle , and each weapon shared amongst three or four soldiers .
Sgt Baz Evans of 40 Commando said : " I have fired over 1,000 rounds on the rifle in training ; accurately hitting targets over 800 m ( 2,625 ft ) away .
" The new Sharpshooter rifle provides quick and accurate fire , with the flexibility of using it in the assault rifle role as well .
It 's hoofing . "
Members of 40 Commando have begun using the Sharpshooter rifle in battles with the Taliban in dangerous Sangin in Helmand province .
The new semi-automatic weapon fires a 7.62 mm round , larger than the SA80's 5.56 mm bullet .
Col Peter Warden , from Defence , Equipment and Support , said : " It is a versatile weapon which will give our units a new dimension to their armoury . "
UPDATE – Honda has officially unveiled the EV - neo electric scooter in Japan saying it will initially offer the bike as a lease with sales being an option further down the road .
The EV - neo has a range of 30 km ( 19 miles ) , which is surprisingly limited considering that already established electric motorcycle companies Zero and Brammo offer a 50 mile range ( 80 km ) and dare I say it , much better looks , for roughly the same price point .
Original Article – Honda is going to begin selling electric motorcycles in December this year according to the leading Japanese newpaper , The Nikkei .
It ’s a surprise announcement and it indicates that Honda has been working on electric bikes for quite a while behind the scenes .
The bikes will reportedly use lithium - ion batteries from Toshiba and will have a similar power output to a 50 cc internal combustion engine ( expect Vespa levels of performance ) .
With pricing set at about $ 5,366 USD ( before US tax credits ) the Honda bikes will be competing with the likes of Zero and Brammo , both of whom are offering solid electric motorcycles at a similar price point .
We ’ll keep you updated as more news is forthcoming .
- To stay in the loop join our Facebook page or grab the RSS feed -
Editor 's note : CNN Contributor Bob Greene is a best - selling author whose books include " Late Edition : A Love Story " and " Fraternity : A Journey in Search of Five Presidents . "
( CNN ) -- Picture this :
President Obama makes a major televised address to the nation on a subject of great importance -- say , the oil disaster in the Gulf of Mexico or unrest in the Middle East .
Tens of millions of Americans watch the president 's speech .
For the next 24 hours , there is not a word of commentary or analysis about the speech on television or on the radio .
No one offers an over - the - air opinion .
Sound like science fiction ?
Like something from an old episode of " The Twilight Zone " ?
It does sound impossible , in our contemporary era in which every presidential pronouncement is immediately followed by thousands of voices , on the air and on the internet , dissecting every syllable the president has uttered .
But there was a time when a serious proposal was made that broadcasters voluntarily refrain from commenting on a president 's speeches until the citizens of the United States were given a chance to make up their own minds .
And the proposal gained considerable popular support .
During President Richard Nixon 's first term , his vice president , Spiro T. Agnew , went to Des Moines , Iowa , to argue his case .
In so doing , he introduced a phrase -- " instant analysis " -- into the American lexicon .
Agnew said that Nixon , during the previous week , had delivered " the most important address of his administration , " about the war in Vietnam .
According to Agnew :
" When the president completed his address -- an address , incidentally , that he spent weeks in the preparation of -- his words and policies were subjected to instant analysis and querulous criticism .
The audience of 70 million Americans , gathered to hear the president of the United States , was inherited by a small band of network commentators and self - appointed analysts , the majority of whom expressed , in one way or another , their hostility to what he had to say . "
Agnew 's contention was that a president should be given a grace period during which no one stands between him and his listeners :
" Every American has a right to disagree with the president of the United States , and to express publicly that disagreement .
But the president of the United States has a right to communicate directly with the people who elected him , and the people of this country have the right to make up their own minds and form their own opinions about a presidential address , without having a president 's words and thoughts characterized through the prejudices of hostile critics before they can even be digested . "
Agnew 's back - and - forth with the news media lasted until , having been charged by federal prosecutors with income tax evasion , he pleaded no contest and gave up the vice presidency in 1973 , to be replaced by Gerald Ford .
But lost in the heat of those years was the question , especially intriguing when regarded from the vantage point of today 's cacophonous political atmosphere :
Is there something to be said , purely in theory ( because in practice today it could never happen ) , for giving a president -- any president -- some overnight breathing room while citizens reflect individually on his words ?
Might Agnew 's proposal have caught on ?
Might televised instant analysis have been done away with ?
You would n't think so -- the panels of commentators evaluating a president 's words the second he says goodnight to the nation have become a taken - for - granted part of the political process .
And when Agnew delivered his Des Moines speech , there were no 24 - hour cable news networks , and there was no internet .
The instant - commentary horse has long since galloped away from the barn .
But former CBS News correspondent Roger Mudd , one of the regular analysts on the network 's coverage of Nixon 's speeches , recalled in his 2008 memoir , " The Place to Be " :
" In the middle of [ the Watergate ] maelstrom , the chairman of CBS , William S. Paley , dropped a bomb .
Henceforth , all CBS News correspondents were forbidden from engaging in what Vice President Agnew had disparagingly called ' instant analysis . ' ... [ Paley ] had bought into the argument of the Washington bureau 's most distinguished journalist , Eric Sevareid , who thought it not fair for us to jump on a president before we and the public had had time to digest his remarks .
He believed a president was entitled to a 24 - hour fire - free zone . "
In Mudd 's telling , the ban did n't last long ; soon enough , instant analysis returned .
And in today 's world , where instant analysis is a way of life not just in presidential politics but in everyday discourse ( What are all the people tapping away at the keyboards of their mobile devices doing , if not engaging in instant analysis ? ) , the idea that it could ever have been banished seems quaint : a historical curiosity .
Indeed , those panels of cable TV political analysts , as ubiquitous as they seem , are at least several beats behind the instant analysis that the public is doing on its own .
The TV commentators may be ready to weigh in with their thoughts the moment a president completes his speech -- but they have been beaten to the punch by the people at home with their eyes on the television screen and their fingers on the keyboard , sending out internet commentary on the president 's speech sentence by sentence .
A president today is like an actor in a Broadway play who knows his performance is being reviewed line by line to a worldwide reading audience even while he is still onstage .
By the time the actor has taken his bows , the critics have already had their say .
Instant , for better or for worse , has never been quite so instantaneous .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .
For Bobby Kotick , it all started with a handshake in a parking garage under an Atlantic City casino .
The story of Kotick is the story of video game juggernaut Activision , a tale of chance meetings and unbelievable circumstance , of Apple founder Steve Jobs and millionaire recluse Howard Hughes .
Advertisement
But before the story there 's the cheesecake .
Activision CEO Bobby Kotick is sitting next to me at a table in the back of a surprisingly average deli in Beverly Hills .
Advertisement
We were supposed to meet in his office in Activision 's Santa Monica headquarters , but the multimillionaire was n't feeling well .
So we moved the meeting closer to his house , to an unassuming deli in a very assuming neighborhood .
I 'm sipping on water , gently crushing ice between my teeth , when Kotick ambles into the deli .
He 's wearing a blue blazer over a white polo shirt .
His hair and his smile are both slightly askew .
There are , despite popular gamer opinion , no horns poking out from his hair , and his eyes are neither red nor glowing .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
He sits down and asks if I want anything to eat .
I pass .
" Nothing ?
They have the best cheesecake I 've ever had , " he says , settling in his seat .
Advertisement
I dutifully order a slice .
The Father
Kotick likely would n't be running Activision today if it were n't for a chance meeting with casino mogul Steve Wynn .
Advertisement
Wynn , one of the richest and most influential men in the world , had and continues to have such a deep impact on Kotick that when I ask the head of Activision if he stays in touch with Wynn , Kotick looks genuinely shocked .
" He 's like my dad , " Kotick says .
The two met by chance , sharing a table at the annual fundraising Cattle Baron 's Ball in Dallas , Texas .
Kotick was bound for New York the next day to meet with potential investors in a company he was getting off the ground with a college roommate .
Advertisement
Kotick and his roommate had developed a piece of software that allowed the Apple II to deliver the easy - to - use interface of Apple 's Lisa computer at a fraction of the price
" It was a mouse and an application suite , " he said .
" It was a really good idea and a really bad product .
We had no idea what we were doing and it was hard to do .
Advertisement
" He was the techie , I was the entrepreneur , we had grad students work on it and they did a pretty good job . "
Kotick and his buddy managed to wrangle a meeting with Steve Jobs to show off their idea .
Advertisement
" I was really scared about the meeting because he was like my hero , " Kotick said .
" I showed it to him and he started screaming at us .
He threw it on the floor and said it was a piece of shit and then he started criticizing it . "
" He said , ' This is shit , but I 'm gonna show you something really cool . ' "
Jobs then took out a blue case from under a table in his office , unzipped it and pulled out a prototype of the Macintosh .
Advertisement
" It was really the coolest thing I 'll ever see , " Kotick said .
" I 'll always remember that .
What I was wearing .
The color of the case ... "
Jobs told the two to go back to the drawing board and come up with something that copied the Mac , not Lisa for the Apple II .
Advertisement
" Steve does n't get enough credit for how many incredible ideas he has stolen from other people and turned into great consumer products , " Kotick says , laughing .
Despite Jobs ' disinterest in the concept , Kotick and his partner pushed forward with their idea .
They just needed the money to prototype the device .
They hoped that a group of investors in New York with back them .
Advertisement
The day after the Cattle Baron 's Ball , Wynn heard that Kotick was bound for New York and offered to give him a ride on his new jet , a DC - 9 .
During the flight , Wynn told Kotick about his own run in with fortune and fame and how it helped to launch his career .
In 1971 , Wynn , now a multi- billionaire casino mogul and real estate developer , was just a small shareholder in the New Frontier Casino .
He was also the night manager .
So when a call came in from a man asking to talk to the person in charge , Wynn took it .
Advertisement
The man on the other end tells
Wynn that " that damned hotel of yours is blocking my view .
I 'm gonna buy it . "
The caller ends up being Howard Hughes .
More important than the cash Wynn gets from the eventual deal is the friendship he forms with Hughes ' banker .
Eventually the financier decided to invest in Wynn .
Advertisement
" He told Wynn , ' I 'm going to help you out , but some day you need to help out a young guy like I 'm doing for you , ' " Kotick said .
So during that flight , Wynn tells Kotick that Kotick is the one Wynn is going to help .
But there 's a problem :
Those investors in New York .
Advertisement
Kotick turns the deal down , instead asking for a room at one of Wynn 's many casinos for an upcoming trade show in Vegas .
But Wynn 's offer is heavy on Kotick 's mind and he ends up blowing the deal with his investors .
Wynn jumps on the news when Kotick calls , and tells Kotick and his partner to go to Wynn 's New York offices .
Advertisement
" We get to this limo and two gorilla guys say , ' Get in , ' and they take us to this building that has a helicopter waiting , and the gorillas say , ' Get in ' . "
The helicopter takes them to Atlantic City and another car drives the two to the bottom of a parking garage under one of Wynn 's casinos , where he keeps his office .
Advertisement
Kotick explains the idea and says he needs $ 300,000 to make a prototype .
Wynn writes them a check and then invites them to dinner .
" I said , ' We have all the contracts here , we 'll change the name and get them to you by tomorrow , ' " Kotick said .
" He looks us in the eye and says contracts , smontracts .
You 're my family now !
And he walks out . "
Advertisement
There was one condition .
As Hughes had demanded of Wynn , Wynn demanded of Kotick that he help out a young businessman in need if he became successful .
" I 'm sitting there thinking , ' Alright what 's wrong with this picture .
We 're in the basement of a parking garage in Atlantic City with a guy with a pinkie ring who just gave us $ 300,000 who said we 're his family now .
We 're gonna die . ' "
Advertisement
Kotick laughs , adding that Wynn looked like a movie star when he walked into his own underground basement that fateful day .
" Every time I tell that story Steve tells me that he never had a pinkie ring , but I remember it . "
Advertisement
Electronic Arts Rivalry
Kotick is a natural storyteller .
As he wraps up his explanation of Howard Hughes , Steve Wynn and that denied pinkie ring handshake , the table is silent .
Everyone at the table is rapt .
Advertisement
It 's not just me sitting with Kotick .
There are two public relations and communications folks sitting across from , and next to Kotick .
Andy Doyle , vice president of finance for Activision , sits at the other end of the table .
The reactions of this small gathering of Activision insiders gives some insight into Kotick .
He 's a leader used to speaking his mind , not mincing words , sometimes to his own detriment .
Advertisement
Throughout the interview , Kotick is exceedingly forthcoming , perhaps too forthcoming .
Three times he goes off the record to talk with me about things he wants to —has to — tell me , but ca n't as the head of a multi-billion dollar company .
Twice he catches himself using words that he 's been told are n't " nice . "
One of them is " sucked . "
Advertisement
" Oops , I ca n't say that , " he says , then after a short pause and a glance to the table adds , " but it sucked . "
It 's apparent that Kotick , an old - school gamer and entrepreneur , is n't used to having so many everyday people , so many gamers , paying attention to him .
Advertisement
It feels at times that Kotick still sees himself as the scrappy underdog , the unnoticed ideas man .
But the fact is , he heads up Activision , now the largest third - party publisher in the world , a goal he set for himself years ago .
Advertisement
Activision was founded in 1979 by a group of developers unhappy with the fact that Atari did n't credit them in games for their work .
The company put out a number of huge hits , including Pitfall ! for the Atari 2600 .
But in the late 80s the struggling company expanded its business to include business programs .
Kotick headed a group that purchased a nearly bankrupt Activision in 1991 .
Those early years were plagued by debtors and financial struggles , but Kotick had a plan .
Advertisement
" I remember in the early 90s we had this business plan that was a road to a billion , " Kotick said .
" I do n't remember the exact inspiration of that as an objective but I think it had more to do with we want to be as big as EA but now , I think it 's the luxury of the success we have or the balance sheet we 've achieved that .
I 'm not really as concerned about revenues ...
I want to make sure every one of the games is a lasting franchise that is the very best game it could be . "
It 's just been in the past year or two that Kotick feels the company has the " luxury " of sitting on a game until it shines .
Advertisement
" For a long time , we did n't always have that luxury , " he said .
" We had to be opportunistic to make payroll .
That did n't mean you would necessarily agree to compromise the quality of the game up front , but you 'd get to a point where you just did n't have any more money to invest . "
That 's not the case anymore , Kotick says .
" Now we 're in this great position where , you know , we do n't have to make anything but the best games , " he said .
" It 's a great feeling to say , ' That 's not ready for prime time , go back and make it great . ' "
Advertisement
That does n't mean they always make the right decision , and Kotick knows that .
Activision 's rivalry with Electronic
Arts is n't just about Kotick 's personal goal of toppling the publisher from the top spot , it 's also driven by the experience Kotick said he had developing software for EA .
Advertisement
Before he bought into Activision , Kotick ran a company that developed business programs for EA , like Deluxe Write for the Amiga .
" Actually that totally shaped my thinking about how to be an effective publisher , " he said .
" The EA model was to have lots of independent developers but oppress them . "
Advertisement
Kotick says the fact that he started out as a developer and later became a publisher gives him a unique perspective .
" I always said I do n't want to do what was done to me , " he said .
" Where I 'm beholden to the publisher .
So part of the whole philosophy of Activision was whether you 're owned outright or not , if you 're a studio you have control of your destiny , you could make decisions about who to hire , flexibility on what products to make , how to make them , schedules appropriate to make them , budgets .
Advertisement
" You still have responsibilities to make great games and make a profit doing them .
But it was the opposite philosophy of EA at the time .
They very much wanted to commoditize the product development process .
They 'd buy a developer and it'd become EA this , EA Vancouver regional , and we like the idea that you 're an entrepreneur , you have an identity , keep your identity .
That spirit is what helps to be successful in making great games . "
Kotick and Activision got into the habit of working with studios he thought were potentially worth purchasing , and if they did well , buying them out .
Advertisement
" I used to call it , we like to date before we get married , " he said .
The Hate Mail
Kotick is n't a big fan of the artful interpretations of his Activision headshot that are making the rounds on Internet forums , gaming websites and Photoshop contests .
Advertisement
There are quite a few : Kotick with horns poking out of a cloud of brown hair , a smiling Kotick with crimson eyes , Kotick with a goatee and devilish eyebrows .
But his three daughters love the pictures .
" How can I not be aware [ of the things people say about me ] .
It certainly bothers me personally , " he said .
Advertisement
The negative image , the hate for Kotick among some gamers is driven by several things , Kotick tells me .
Being the top person at the top third - party game developer brings with it a certain level of attention and animosity .
And it does n't help that Kotick can be quite colorful in the way he talks to analysts .
" There are four to five things that I 've said that can totally be taken out of context , " he said .
" Like ' Taking the fun out of making video games . '
I 've used that line for a really long time with the investment community to explain that ' Hey , we 're mindful of our responsibility to provide a return to our investors . ' "
Advertisement
" It was kind of like a joke ! "
Kotick 's inflammatory comments , like that he would charge more for a game if he could , come often because he forgets the size of his audience when he 's talking during a panel or investor call .
He does n't seem to grasp just how closely people follow him these days .
Advertisement
" The world has changed , " he tells me , defending his word choice .
" I never really think to edit what I 'm saying because it 's going to be taken out of context because somebody 's going to hear it in a different way .
But you do n't build a successful business by overcharging your customers .
And you certainly do n't build a successful business that requires a tremendous amount of creativity and inspiration and innovation by figuring out how to take the fun and joy out of what people do .
It 's like an obvious thing to me to think if you hear something like that ; you 're going to think it 's funny , it 's not meant to be serious . "
I 'm not totally sold on what Kotick is selling and I tell him so .
You ca n't use a word like exploit and expect people not to be riled up by it , I point out .
Advertisement
Do you , I ask Kotick , sometimes say these things because you want a reaction ?
Maybe you 're poking the Internet to see what happens .
" No , I 'm not like that , " Kotick says .
" I love to poke people to get a reaction but monetization , exploit , those are the words the investment community uses .
Advertisement
" You know what , I look at that and say , exploit is a bad choice of words .
I do n't mean that to be that way , I was not thinking about it in a way , or using it in a way that it was misconstrued .
I actually think there 's a better choice of words that more accurately describes what I was thinking at the time .
It 's not a big deal . "
The hate mail , the negative articles in blogs and the pictures quickly hit home when Kotick started seeing them .
Advertisement
" Oh yeah , I think [ gamers ' perspective of me ] is totally inaccurate , " he says .
But he did n't try to do anything about it until he had dinner with a bunch of folks from Blizzard .
He found himself talking to some of the developers about the processing speed of the Amiga and the person he was talking to was blown away that he was " technical . "
Advertisement
" I said , ' I 've been doing this for 25 years , yeah , I 'm technical . '
And he said , ' No one knows that , I mean , people do n't know that you 're a developer .
They do n't know that you are technical , they do n't know that you are deeply involved with that kind of making products .
You know , the perception of you is that you 're just like this greedy business guy . ' "
The Future
Kotick sometimes borrows trouble .
Like when he told a gathering of developers that he does n't play games .
Advertisement
That 's not exactly true .
" I have three kids , I 'm a single dad , " Kotick said .
" If they want to play video games I would love to play with them but if they do n't I gotta do what they want to do .
I also have an addictive personality . "
Advertisement
But much more importantly , both for Kotick and the many developers who work for him , he knows that if he plays a game , he might very well ruin it .
" I really like video games and that passion has never really gone away , " said Kotick , who rattles off an impressive list of consoles he 's owned in the past and games he loved .
" If I go play Modern Warfare , I 'll find a hundred different things I 'd like done differently .
And I do n't have the discipline to not express my opinion . "
Advertisement
As the interview is winding down I point out to Kotick that he has achieved his goal , traveled down that road to a billion .
So why not retire ?
" I 'm not really thinking about that , " he says , after I point out he could use the time to play more games .
" I have a big objective for the next ten years .
You know the thing that 's really exciting is that when you look at what 's happened to our medium .
We 're finally now at a point where we have all the characteristics of mass market , mass media opportunities .
And I think it 's three things for me that are really driving how you make video games as appealing as TV . "
Advertisement
The first is making video game characters real , something he feels still has n't happened .
" You ca n't put dialogue in these characters in a way where it 's believable , " he says .
" If we can get the facial animation to be compelling , the dialog to be believable , I think you can satisfy that emotional connection between the audience and the character that gives you the characteristic attributes of film and television . "
Advertisement
The second is physical interface , like what Guitar Hero brought to gaming .
Something that Kotick strongly believes has a lot more opportunities .
" Physically tying you as a player to what you see on the screen , I can tell you a hundred fantasies I 've always had whether it's like conducting an orchestra or unleashing as a rock star , really having a driving experience , like with a helicopter flying experience that is real , " he said .
" So physical interface is really just scratching the surface of opportunity there . "
Advertisement
Finally , tapping into the ever increasing importance of social interaction , whether that means Facebook and Twitter , multiplayer gaming or including voice and video in a game .
" And so those things , I think , combined , give you the ability to have a medium that is much more broad appeal than video games are today and that 's really exciting , " he said .
" I think it 's getting better but there 's a whole part of the population that still does not want to be challenged by the TV .
Advertisement
" I think that there 's more opportunity over the next ten years to make interactive entertainment a true mainstream form of entertainment than I 've seen in 20 years of doing this . "
We 're out of time .
In fact we 've been out of time for nearly an hour .
Kotick has waved off the hints , ignored the reminders , blown off meetings .
But his handlers are getting impatient .
Advertisement
Kotick wanders off , walking through the diner to disappear onto the streets of Beverly Hills .
I stay for my untouched slice of cheesecake .
—-
Part one in a series of one - on - one interviews with the most powerful people in gaming .
Cars are a fiercely competitive industry .
But these days , major automakers often have to rely on a little help from their erstwhile enemies .
With margins so slim , it only makes sense that car companies lean on each other to spread the risks of expansion and cut costs .
This infographic by the Financial Times reveals just how far - reaching –and deep–these relationships have become .
You can actually glean quite a bit of insight into the corporate strategies of these companies just by looking at the graph .
For example , Daimler of course builds Mercedes–but they also recognize that , with the rise of small cars and emerging markets , luxury cars are only a tiny fraction of the potential market .
So they ’ve teamed up with other companies , to get a piece of that growth :
Nissan has been growing rapidly , but they ’re also trying to build a more sustainable base by supplying parts to all sorts of carmakers and bootstrapping themselves into new markets via partnerships :
Play with the entire , interactive chart here .
June 18 , 2010  --
Doctors who treat Medicare patients will be subject to a 21.3 percent cut in their payments -- at least for now -- despite a last - minute effort by the Senate to delay the cuts .
The Senate today passed a six - month extension of the so - called Medicare " doc fix " after Democrats agreed to a Republican requirement that the extension not add to the deficit .
The Senate 's late action only gets the bill a third of the way into law .
The measure has to be voted on by the House of Representatives and then signed by President Obama , and until then , the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid have to pay doctors the reduced rates .
" We have to pay under the current law and the current law is the - 21.3 percent , " a spokesperson for CMS told ABCNews.com .
Until both the Senate and the House pass " the bill and the president signs it , the changes are not effective .
So we can't pay under that until the bill becomes law and there is no change in what we are paying . "
Just before the Senate voted today , the CMS directed its providers to start implementing the pay cut for claims on June 1 and later .
Discussions in Congress on the payment cuts were stalled because of concerns about its impact on the budget deficit .
On Thursday , Senate Democrats failed for the second time in a week to get the 60 votes they needed to revive the " doc fix . "
The Senate 's more than $ 6 billion measure , passed today , would be paid for by limiting how much some companies have to obligate to pension funds , raising more than $ 2 billion because those companies would pay taxes on the money not placed in the pension funds .
The pension measure is worth $ 4 billion to the government .
Another cost - offset would limit when Medicare can adjust claims made by hospitals for inpatients .
This would save the government more than $ 4 billion .
A statement issued late Friday afternoon from House Speaker Nancy Pelosi indicated the bill might not have an easy a road through the House of Representatives .
" Weeks ago , the House passed legislation to ensure that doctors do n't drop Medicare patients .
Now that the Senate has acted today on a six - month extension , we will review their legislation as we remain committed to ensuring that our seniors and veterans receive the care they deserve , " said Nadeam Elshami , a spokesman for House Speaker Nancy Pelosi .
While House Democrats are not promising to immediately pass what the Senate did – making it more likely that some doctors will be paid at the lower rate for some period of time , they also predict that whatever final bill is sent to the President will be retroactive .
Meanwhile , doctors unanimously expressed outrage at the Medicare payment cuts .
" Congress has broken its promise to America 's seniors and military families , " Cecil B. Wilson , president of the American Medical Association , said in a statement Thursday .
" Continued short - term actions are creating severe instability that harms seniors as physicians make decisions to protect their practices from Medicare 's volatility .
Continuing down this path just slaps a Band - Aid on a problem that needs urgent surgery . "
For Isabel V. Hoverman , an internist in Austin , Texas , the payment cuts mean a significant decrease in income .
About 30 percent of patients in Hoverman 's clinic utilize Medicare benefits , and she said a " large percentage " of her income comes from them .
Hoverman said she already is turning away new Medicare patients because of the cost issue .
Because of the payment cuts , Hoverman told ABC News , doctors " will not be able to recoup the difference as it will be too costly for us to go back and rebill the difference to patients ...
We will have no option but to start asking our Medicare patients to find a new primary care physician , which already is extremely difficult for patients to find . "
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R- Kentucky , today hailed the passage of the measure as a " good example of bipartisanship " and " something both sides can feel good about , " but doctors say they are unfairly caught in the middle of political wrangling between parties .
Many blame both Republicans and Democrats for inaction .
" A lot of promises were made when Republicans controlled the three legislative branches , and nothing was done .
Now with the Democrats the SGR is still an issue but they found the money for health care ' reform , ' " said Randy Wexler , assistant professor of clinical family medicine at The Ohio State University .
" Physicians feel that the only ones left without a chair when the music stopped was us . "
While applauding the vote , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nevada , today acknowledged the delays in the Senate and the frustration caused by them .
" Sometimes the Senate can be terribly disconcerting , aggravating , but that 's the way the Senate is , " he said .
" I love the Senate .
And every day that goes by , I understand for the times I 'm aggravated and disconcerted , there are many -- the vast majority of the time I 'm amazed at how we 're able to get things done . "
More than 43 million Americans over the age of 65 are on Medicare , one of the federal government 's largest expenditures after defense and Social Security .
Medicare accounts for about 13 percent of federal spending and 22 percent of national health expenditures .
The cuts in reimbursement stem from a payment formula based on the sustainable growth rate , or SGR , a program Congress set up in 1997 that tied the payments doctors received for treating these patients to the nation 's gross domestic product .
But even though the cuts were scheduled to take effect at the turn of the millennium , a series of quick fixes have pushed the schedule back .
Congress has instituted such delays nine times over the past eight years , most recently last April .
When it was implemented , the formula was well intentioned , said Stuart Guterman , assistant vice president at The Commonwealth Fund , an independent research organization .
But since then it has misfired , because it does n't focus on the reasons behind the rise in spending and specific services that are overpriced .
Doctors to See Cuts in Medicare Payments
It 's that formula that needs to be fixed to make the program sustainable , medical professionals concur , rather than simply imposing temporary fixes to override the payment cuts without addressing the root causes of the growth in expenditures .
" We 're left with a choice between a temporary fix that just ' kicks the can down the road ' without fixing the underlying problem and a 21 percent across - the - board cut in physician fees that would cut primary care as well as specialty care , distort incentives , hurt beneficiaries , and severely damage the credibility of the Medicare program , " Guterman told ABC News .
" The recurring cuts in physician fees produced by the SGR formula must be eliminated in order to achieve effective payment and delivery system reforms . "
But many lawmakers are concerned about the costs associated with such a fix .
The Congressional Budget Office estimates that over the next two years , such a fix would tack an additional $ 22 billion to the federal deficit .
The inaction in Senate stemmed from the hesitation of some Democrats to support provisions in the larger bill -- that includes the Medicare " doc fix " -- that they say will add to the burgeoning budget deficit and the national debt .
Republicans put a proposal on the table that called for using money from the stimulus bill to offset the cost of the expiring provisions , but it was rejected by Democrats .
Some doctors say the delays in implementing a fix for Medicare payments and coming together on an agreement is an ominous sign for the massive health care bill that has to be rolled out in the next four years .
" I do n't fear the rate cut .
I fear the consequences of the refusal to make a decision .
If this is happening now just imagine what is going to happen when health care reform in implemented , " said Neil Brooks , president - elect of the American Academy of Family Physicians .
ABC News ' Z. Byron
Wolf contributed to this report .
Agent Norman Jayden By DDRzukamori Watch
110 Favourites 47 Comments 16 K Views
" Nahman " Jayden from Heavy Rain .
The only Heavy Rain cosplay I 've ever seen .
Hence , he wins the internets .
Taken at Anime Central 2010 .
EDIT : Thanks for all the faves , guys .
But just so I 'm absolutely clear THIS IS NOT ME !
I just snapped the shot .
All the praise should go to the cosplayer , but I do n't know if he 's even on dA .
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 502x700px 539.39 KB
Make NIKON Model COOLPIX L100 Shutter Speed 10/1741 second Aperture F/3.5 Focal Length 5 mm ISO Speed 80 Date Taken May 15 , 2010 , 11:43:32 AM
Show More
Published : May 17 , 2010
Alabama candidate denounces ' lie ' that he believes in evolution
Evolution has obviously been a political issue for a while , but I 'm not sure I 've ever seen an attack ad like this one before :
It mocks a candidate for the Republican nomination for governor of Alabama for believing in the theory .
The outraged pushback from candidate Bradley Byrne :
• As a Christian and as a public servant , I have never wavered in my belief that this world and everything in it is a masterpiece created by the hands of God .
As a member of the Alabama Board of Education , the record clearly shows that I fought to ensure the teaching of creationism in our school textbooks .
Those who attack me have distorted , twisted and misrepresented my comments and are spewing utter lies to the people of this state .
( via Political Wire )
If you want to see where President Barack Obama ‘s response to the Deepwater Horizon disaster is heading , try following the urgings of the Center for American Progress .
The liberal think tank with close White House ties appears to have more influence on spill policy than the president ’s in - house advisers .
On May 4 , for instance , the CAP ’s energy and environment expert , Daniel Weiss , called on the president to name an independent commission to look at the causes of the Deepwater Horizon disaster .
On May 22 , he did just that .
On May 21 , CAP president , John Podesta , privately implored White House officials to name someone to be the public point person for the spill response .
A week later , the White House announced that Coast Guard Adm .
Thad Allen would hold daily briefings on the spill , wherever he would be on any given day .
Returning for its 6th iteration , the Lyn Lake Street Festival has become a signature community event that celebrates the Lyn Lake brand .
It ’s also a gift to the surrounding communities that support local businesses along the avenues of Lyndale and Lake Street .
The festival returns on Sunday June 5th returning to the Garfield parking lot behind The Jungle Theater and Fuji Ya between 29th and Lake Street from noon to 8 PM .
This year ’s festival again partners with Open Streets Minneapolis , closing Lyndale Ave from 22nd St. to 42 St. for the 4th consecutive year .
Pedestrians take over the streets and promenade on bikes , blades , skateboards and strollers between the hours of 11 AM to 5 PM .
This year ’s Lyn - Lake Street Fest features eight popular Twin Cities bands for an afternoon of non -stop music .
The 2016 line - up is complete with Brother Ali as the headline act .
Besides having 8 unique and diverse acts lined up , the best part is that its free .
Another favorite that has n’t been seen in a long time is Jamieson the Juggler .
His juggling skills are so intense that the bands consider him to be a rival .
Now touring around the country in a juggling comic troupe The London Broil , he is in town briefly to celebrate his birthday and offered to be a part of the event again .
Lest it be forgotten , this year will host 4 local restaurants with food booths , and 4 fantastic food trucks .
The Lyndale Taphouse , Galactic Pizza , Fuji Ya , and Prairie Dogs will roll out their local favorites festival fare .
This years food trucks welcome back Foxy Falafel , and Chef Shack and new food trucks Lyn 65 and Tatanka Truckwill no doubt run out of food before the headliner makes the stage .
All event net proceeds are shared by three community non-profits , the Blaisdell YMCA , The Lyn Lake Business Association and the Joyce Food Shelf , strengthening the sense of community that ’s at the heart of our eclectic neighborhood .
Food donations will be accepted at the YMCA booth at the festival .
The Blaisdell YMCA plays a prominent role as a key sponsor providing a large part of the volunteers for the day of the event .
The Lyn - Lake Street Festival promises to be one of the highlights of the local outdoor concert season this summer in the Twin Cities , free and family friendly .
Partnering with Open Streets Minneapolis heightens the already festive feel of the Lyn Lake community .
The Lyn Lake Business Association is encouraging businesses on both Lyndale and Lake Street to join the festivities .
Learn More
For more information about Open Streets , go to OpenStreetsMpls.com
For more information about Lyn Lake Street Festival , contact the Lyn Lake Business Association at LynLakeMpls@gmail.com
Tony Awards 2010 Sean Hayes & Kristin Chenoweth KISS ( PHOTOS , VIDEO )
hosted the 2010 Tony Awards last night from Radio City Music Hall .
The 64th annual event had some memorable moments , including the hot kissing session betweenand the show host , as he was beginning his opening remarks .
The co-stars of " Promises , Promises " on Broadway , set the tone for the evening with their tongue - tangled embrace .
This may well have been a nod to a Newsweek piece that suggested Hayes was unconvincing as a straight leading man .
Chenoweth strongly objected to the story and labeled it " horrendously homophobic " .
She said , " Audiences come to the theater to go on a journey . "
Kristin went on to say emphatically that theater - goers do not care about an actor 's sexual orientation .
The actor ' came out ' officially in March of this year , though the revelation was not a shocker .
Another high point of the Tony Awards 2010 was the bit when Kristin Chenoweth appeared on stage to present the award for Best Actor in a musical , and feigned the belief that she had won -- until Hayes joined her at the microphone for a humorous exchange .
See all of the 2010 Tony Award winners here .
Check out photos and two video highlights below :
Sharon and Kelly Osbourne were grand marshal 's of the L.A. Gay Pride Parade - PHOTOS .
Photos : WENN
UPDATE : The DataObjects drivers , which are used in DataMapper , are now updated to honor default_internal .
Let 's keep this moving .
Since Ruby 1.9 announced support for encodings , there has been a flurry of activity to make existing libraries encoding aware , and a tornado of confusion as users of Ruby and Rails have tried to make sense of it .
In this post , I will lay out the most common problems people have had , and what we can do as a community to put these issues to bed in time for Ruby 1.9.2 final .
A Quick Tour
I 'm going to simplify some of this , but the broad strokes are essentially correct .
Before we begin , many of you are probably wonder what exactly an " encoding " is .
For me , getting a handle on this was an important part of helping me understand the possible solution space .
On disk , all Strings are stored as a sequence of bytes .
An encoding simply specifies how to take those bytes and convert them into " codepoints " .
In some languages , such as English , a " codepoint " is exactly equivalent to " a character " .
In most other languages , there is not a one - to - one correspondence .
For example , a German codepoint might specify that the next codepoint should get an ümlaut .
The list of English characters represented by the first seven bits of ASCII ( characters 0 through 127 in " ASCII - 7 " ) have the same representation in many ( but not all ) encodings .
This means that if you only use English characters , the on - disk representation of the characters will often be exactly the same regardless of the source encoding .
However , once you start to use other characters , the bytes on disk mean different things in different encodings .
Have you ever seen a page on the Internet filled with something like " FÃ¼hrer " ?
That is the consequence of the bytes of " Führer " stored as UTF - 8 being interpreted as Latin - 1 .
You can trivially see this problem using Ruby 1.9's encoding support by running this program :
# encoding : UTF - 8 puts " hello ümlaut " .force_encoding ( " ISO - 8859-1 " ).encode ( " UTF - 8 " ) # Output # hello Ã¼mlat
First , we create a String ( " hello ümlaut " ) in the UTF - 8 encoding .
Next , we tell Ruby that the String is actually Latin - 1 .
It 's not , so an attempt to read the characters will interpret the raw bytes of the " ü " as though they were Latin - 1 bytes .
We ask Ruby to give us that interpretation of the data in UTF - 8 via encode and print it out .
We can see that while the bytes for " hello " and " mlat " were identical in both UTF - 8 and Latin - 1 , the bytes for " ü " in UTF - 8 mean " Ã¼ " in Latin - 1 .
Note that while force_encoding simply tags the String with a different encoding , encode converts the bytes of one encoding into the equivalent bytes of the second .
As a result , while force_encoding should almost never be used unless you know for sure that the bytes actually represent the characters you want in the target encoding , encode is relatively safe to use to convert a String into the encoding you want .
You 've probably also seen the reverse problem , where bytes encoded in Latin - 1 ended up inside a page encoded in UTF - 8 .
# encoding : ISO - 8859 - 1 puts " hello ümlaut " .force_encoding ( " UTF - 8 " ) # Output # hello ?
mlat
Here , the sequence of bytes that represents an " ü " in Latin - 1 could not be recognized in UTF - 8 , so they were replaced with a " ? " .
Note that puts will always simply write out the bytes to your terminal , and the terminal 's encoding will determine how they are interpreted .
The examples in this post are all outputted to a terminal using UTF - 8 encoding .
As you can imagine , this presents quite the issue when concatenating two Strings of different encodings .
Simply smashing together the raw bytes of the two Strings can result in output that is incomprehensible in either encoding .
To make matters worse , it 's not always possible to represent all of the characters in one encoding in another .
For instance , the characters of the Emoji encoding cannot be represented in the ISO - 8859 - 1 encoding ( or even in a standardized way onto the UTF - 8 encoding ) .
As a result , when you attempt to concatenate two Strings of different encodings in Ruby 1.9 , Ruby displays an error .
# encoding : UTF - 8 puts " hello ümlaut " . encode ( " ISO - 8859 -1 " ) + " hello ümlaut " #
Output # incompatible character encodings : ISO - 8859 - 1 and UTF - 8 ( Encoding : : CompatibilityError )
Because it 's extremely tricky for Ruby to be sure that it can make a lossless conversion from one encoding to another ( Ruby supports almost 100 different encodings ) , the Ruby core team has decided to raise an exception if two Strings in different encodings are concatenated together .
There is one exception to this rule .
If the bytes in one of the two Strings are all under 127 ( and therefore valid characters in ASCII - 7 ) , and both encodings are compatible with ASCII - 7 ( meaning that the bytes of ASCII - 7 represent exactly the same characters in the other encoding ) , Ruby will make the conversion without complaining .
# encoding : UTF - 8 puts " hello umlat " .encode ( " ISO - 8859 -1 " ) + " hello ümlaut " # Output # hello umlathello ümlaut
Since Ruby does not allow characters outside of the ASCII - 7 range in source files without a declared encoding , this exception eliminates a large number of potential problems that Ruby 's strict concatenation rules might have introduced .
Binary Strings
By default , Strings with no encoding in Ruby are tagged with the ASCII - 8BIT encoding , which is an alias for BINARY .
Essentially , this is an encoding that simply means " raw bytes here " .
In general , code in Rails applications should not encounter BINARY strings , except for Strings created in source files without encodings .
However , since these Strings will virtually always fall under the ASCII - 7 exception , Ruby programmers should never have to deal with incompatible encoding exceptions where one of the two encodings is ASCII - 8BIT ( i.e. BINARY ) .
That said , almost all of the encoding problems reported by users in the Rails bug tracker involved ASCII - 8BIT Strings .
How did this happen ?
There are two reasons for this .
The first reason is that early on , database drivers generally did n't properly tag Strings they retrieved from the database with the proper encoding .
This involves a manual mapping from the database 's encoding names to Ruby 's encoding names .
As a result , it was extremely common from database drivers to return Strings with characters outside of the ASCII - 7 range ( because the original content was encoded in the database as UTF - 8 or ISO - 8859-1/Latin -1 ) .
When attempting to concatenate that content onto another UTF - 8 string ( such as the buffer in an ERB template ) , Ruby would raise an incompatible encoding exception .
# encoding : UTF - 8 puts " hello ümlaut " + " hello ümlaut " .force_encoding ( " BINARY " ) # Output # incompatible character encodings : UTF - 8 and ASCII - 8BIT ( Encoding : : CompatibilityError )
This is essentially identical to the scenario many people encountered .
A UTF - 8 String was presented to Ruby as a BINARY String , since the database driver did n't tag it .
When attempting to concatenate it onto UTF - 8 , Ruby had no way to do so reliably , so it raised an exception .
One reason that many people did n't encounter this problem was that either the contents of the template or the text from the database were entirely in the ASCII - 7 subset of their character set .
As a result , Ruby would not complain .
This is deceptive , because if they made a small change to their template , or if a user happened to enter non-ASCII - 7 data ( for instance , they got their first user named José ) , they would suddenly start seeing an incompatible encoding exception .
When people see this incompatible encoding exception , one common reaction is to call force_encoding ( " UTF - 8 " ) on the BINARY data .
This will work great for Strings whose bytes actually are encoded in UTF - 8 .
However , if people whose Strings were encoded in ISO - 8859 - 5 ( Russian ) followed this instruction , they would end up with scrambled output .
Additionally , it 's impossible to simply encode the data , since Ruby does n't actually know the source encoding .
In essence , a crucial piece of information has been lost at the database driver level .
Unfortunately , this means that well - meaning people who have solved their problem by force_encoding their Strings to UTF - 8 ( because the bytes actually did represent UTF - 8 characters ) become baffled when their solution does n't work for someone working on a Russian website .
Thankfully , this situation is now mostly solved .
There are updates for all database drivers that map the encodings from the database to a Ruby encoding , which means that UTF - 8 text from the database will be UTF - 8 Strings in Ruby , and Latin - 1 text from the database will be ISO - 8859 - 1 Strings in Ruby .
Unfortunately , there is a second large source of BINARY Strings in Ruby .
Specifically , data received from the web in the form of URL encoded POST bodies often do not specify the content - type of the content sent from forms .
In many cases , browsers send POST bodies in the encoding of the original document , but not always .
In addition , some browsers say that they 're sending content as ISO - 8859 - 1 but actually send it in Windows - 1251 .
There is a long thread on the Rack tracker about this , but the bottom line is that it 's extremely difficult to determine the encoding of a POST body sent from the web .
As a result , Rack handlers send the raw bytes through as BINARY ( which is reasonable , since handlers should n't be in the business of trying to wade through this problem ) and no middleware exists ( yet ) to properly tag the String with the correct encoding .
This means that if the stars align , the raw bytes are UTF - 8 , end up in a UTF - 8 database , and end up coming back out again tagged as UTF - 8 .
If the stars do not align , the text might actually be encoded in ISO - 8859 - 1 , get put into a UTF - 8 database , and come out tagged as UTF - 8 ( and we know what happens when ISO - 8859 - 1 data is mistakenly tagged as UTF - 8 ) .
In this case , because the ISO - 8859 - 1 data is improperly tagged as UTF - 8 , Ruby happily concatenates it with other UTF - 8 Strings , and hilarity ensues .
Because English characters have the same byte representation in all commonly used encodings , this problem is not as common as you might imagine .
Unfortunately , this simply means that people who do encounter it are baffled and find it hard to get help .
Additionally , this problem does n't manifest itself as a hard error .
it can go unnoticed and dismissed as a minor annoyance if the number of non-ASCII - 7 characters are low .
In order to properly solve this problem for Ruby 1.9 , we need a very good heuristic for properly determining the encoding of web - sent POST bodies .
There are some promising avenues that will get it right 99.9 % of the time , and we need to package them into up a middleware that will tag Strings correctly .
Incompatible Encodings
If you 've been paying attention , you 've probably noticed that while the database drivers have solved one problem , they actually introduced another one .
Imagine that you 're using a MySQL database encoded in ISO - 8859 - 1 ( or ISO - 8859 - 5 , popular for Russian applications , or any other non-UTF - 8 encoding ) .
Now that the String coming back from the database is properly tagged as ISO - 8859 - 1 , Ruby will refuse to concatenate it onto the ERB buffer ( which is encoded in UTF - 8 ) .
Even if we solved this problem for ERB , it could be trivially reintroduced in other parts of the application through regular concatenation ( + , concat , or even String interpolation ) .
Again , this problem is somewhat mitigated due to the ASCII - 7 subset exception , which means that as long as one of the two incompatible Strings uses only English characters , users wo n't see any problems .
Again , because this " solution " means that the Ruby developer in question still may not understand encodings , this simply defers the problem to some uncertain point in the future when they either add a non-ASCII - 7 character to their template or the user submits a non-ASCII - 7 String .
The Solution
If you got this far , you 're probably thinking " Holy shit this encoding stuff is crazy .
I do n't want to have to know any of this !
I just want to write my web app ! "
And you 'd be correct .
Other languages , such as Java and Python , solve this problem by encode ing every String that enters the language as UTF - 8 ( or UTF - 16 ) .
Theoretically , it is possible to represent the characters of every encoding in UTF - 8 .
By doing this , programmers only ever deal with one kind of String , and concatenation happens between UTF - 8 Strings .
However , this solution does not work very well for the Japanese community .
For a variety of complicated reasons , Japanese encoding , such as SHIFT - JIS , are not considered to losslessly encode into UTF - 8 .
As a result , Ruby has a policy of not attempting to simply encode any inbound String into UTF - 8 .
This decision is debatable , but the fact is that if Ruby transparently transcoded all content into UTF - 8 , a large portion of the Ruby community would see invisible lossy changes to their content .
That part of the community is willing to put up with incompatible encoding exceptions because properly handling the encodings they regularly deal with is a somewhat manual process .
On the other hand , many Rails applications work mostly with encodings that trivially encode to UTF - 8 ( such as UTF - 8 itself , ASCII , and the ISO - 8859 - 1 family ) .
For this rather large part of the community , having to manually encode Strings to solve incompatible encoding problem feels like a burden that belongs on the machine has been inappropriately shifted onto Rails application developers .
But there is a solution .
By default , Ruby should continue to support Strings of many different encodings , and raise exceptions liberally when a developer attempts to concatenate Strings of different encodings .
This would satisfy those with encoding concerns that require manual resolution .
Additionally , you would be able to set a preferred encoding .
This would inform drivers at the boundary ( such as database drivers ) that you would like them to convert any Strings that they tag with an encoding to your preferred encoding immediately .
By default , Rails would set this to UTF - 8 , so Strings that you get back from the database or other external source would always be in UTF - 8 .
If a String at the boundary could not be converted ( for instance , if you set ISO - 8859 - 1 as the preferred encoding , this would happen a lot ) , you would get an exception as soon as that String entered the system .
In practice , almost all usage of this setting would be to specify UTF - 8 as a preferred encoding .
From your perspective , if you were dealing in UTF - 8 , ISO - 8859 -* and ASCII ( most Western developers ) , you would never have to care about encodings .
Even better , Ruby already has a mechanism that is mostly designed for this purpose .
In Ruby 1.9 , setting Encoding .
default_internal tells Ruby to encode all Strings crossing the barrier via its IO system into that preferred encoding .
All we 'd need , then , is for maintainers of database drivers to honor this convention as well .
It does n't require any changes to Ruby itself , and places the burden squarely on the few people who already need to deal with encodings ( because taking data from outside of Ruby , via C , always already requires a tagging step ) .
I have spoken with Aaron Patterson , who has been working on the SQLite3 driver , and he feels that this change is simple enough for maintainers of drivers dealing with external Strings to make it a viable option .
He has already patched SQLite3 to make it respect default_internal .
However you feel about Ruby 's solution to expose String encodings directly in the language , you should agree that since we 're stuck with it for the forseeable future , this solution shifts the burden of dealing with it from the unwashed masses ( most of whom have no idea what an encoding is ) to a few maintainers of C extensions and libraries that deal in binary data .
Getting this right as soon as possible will substantially ease the transition from Ruby 1.8 to Ruby 1.9 .
Postscript : What Happened in 1.8 !?
When people first move to 1.9 and encounter these shenanigans , they often wonder why everything seemed so simple in Ruby 1.8 , and yet seemed to work .
There are a few reasons for this .
First , keep in mind that in Ruby 1.8 , Strings are simple sequences of bytes .
Ruby String operations just concatenate those byte sequences together without any kind of check .
This means that concatenating two UTF - 8 Strings together will just work , since the combined byte sequence is still valid UTF - 8 .
As long as the client for the Ruby code ( such as the browser ) is told that the bytes are encoded in UTF - 8 , all is well .
Rails does this by setting the default charset for all documents to UTF - 8 .
Second , Ruby 1.8 has a " UTF - 8 " mode that makes its regular expression engine treat all Strings as UTF - 8 .
In this mode ( which is triggered by setting $ KCODE = " UTF - 8 " ) , the regular expression engine correctly matches a complete UTF - 8 character for /./ , for instance .
Rails sets this global by default , so if you were using Rails , regular expressions respect unicode characters , not raw bytes .
Third , very little non-English content in the wild is actually encoded in ISO - 8859 - 1 .
If you were expecting to deal with content that was not English , you would probably set your MySQL database to use a UTF - 8 encoding .
Since Rails sets UTF - 8 as the charset of outbound documents , most browsers will in fact return UTF - 8 encoded data .
Fourth , the problems caused when an ISO - 8859 - 1 String is accidentally concatenated into a UTF - 8 String are not as jarring as the errors produced by Ruby 1.9 .
Let 's try a little experiment .
First , open up a text editor , create a new file , and save it in the ISO - 8859 - 1 encoding .
$ KCODE = " UTF - 8 " iso_8859_1 = " ümlaut " # the byte representation of ümlaut in unicode utf8 = " \x C3\xBCmlat " puts iso_8859_1 puts utf8 puts iso_8859_1 + utf8 puts utf8 + iso_8859_1 # Output # ? mlat # ümlaut # ? mlatümlaut # ümlaut?mlat
If you somehow get ISO - 8859 - 1 encoded content that uses characters outside of the ASCII - 7 range , Ruby does n't puke .
Instead , it simply replaces the unidentified character with a " ? " , which can easily go unnoticed in a mostly English site with a few " José "s thrown into the mix .
It could also easily be dismissed as a " weird bug that we do n't have time to figure out right now " .
Finally , Rails itself provides a pure - Ruby UTF - 8 library that mops up a lot of the remaining issues .
Specifically , it provides an alternate String class that can properly handle operations like split , truncate , index , justify and other operations that need to operate on characters , not bytes .
It then uses this library internally in helpers like truncate , transparently avoiding a whole other class of issue .
In short , if you 're dealing mostly with English text , and you get unlucky enough the get ISO - 8859 - 1 input from somewhere , the worst case is that you get a " ? " instead of a " é " .
If you 're dealing with a lot of non-English text , you 're probably being not using ISO - 8859 - 1 sources .
In either case , English ( ASCII ) text is compatible with UTF - 8 , and Rails provides solid enough pure - Ruby UTF - 8 support to get you most of the rest of the way .
That said , anyone dealing with encodings other than UTF - 8 and ISO - 8859 - 1 ( Japanese and Russian Rubyists ) were definitely not in a good place with Ruby 1.8 .
Thanks
I want to personally thank Jay Freeman ( aka saurik ) , who in addition to being a general badass , spent about 15 hours with me patiently explaining these issues and working through the Ruby 1.9 source to help fully understand the tradeoffs available .
Today I received my stupendously wonderful Arbitrary Day gifts from my secret " Redditgifter " .
I got an exquisitely awesome handmade wooden T - Rex Puzzle and a fantabulous handmade Reddit Chalkboard !
I 'm so very stoked , I want to play with the toys now , but alas , I must wait until I get home from work .
Thanks to my Reddit Arbitraian for the cool gifts !
You rock !
British scientists have found a way of keeping vaccines stable without refrigeration , a discovery which they say could transform immunisation campaigns in the developing world .
One of the biggest costs of immunising children in poor countries is keeping the vaccines cool .
Now researchers from Oxford University say they have worked out how to do that cheaply and simply - just by adding sugar .
Professor Trevor Duke , from the Centre for International Child Health in Melbourne , has spent years taking part in vaccination programs in the Asia - Pacific .
He has only just returned from Papua New Guinea and says he has seen first - hand just how difficult it is to keep vaccines cool .
" People live many , many hours and sometimes days away from a health centre that has vaccines , " he said .
" Many of the smaller health centres in rural areas are n't able to have refrigerators because they do n't have electricity , and so what generally happens is that health workers travel from a central site to a preferable remote rural area with vaccines if they 're going to deliver them .
" That takes time and it also takes cold chain equipment , so it takes eskies or ice boxes and they 're quite heavy .
" So generally speaking only one day 's worth of vaccines can be taken at any time . "
Professor
Duke says almost all vaccines spoil if they get hotter than about 4 degrees Celsius .
" Particularly the live vaccines and particularly measles vaccines [ spoil ] , " he said .
" Problems with the cold chain have been reasons why even if children receive a measles vaccine in some tropical developing countries it may not be effective if the vaccine 's been exposed to heat before its administration . "
But he is hopeful those problems could soon be a thing of the past .
Fridge - free vaccines
Scientists from Oxford say they have worked out how to store two different virus - based vaccines for up to six months at 45 degrees Celsius , or a year at 37 degrees .
A team lead by Dr Matt Cottingham mixed the vaccines with two types of sugar then left it to dry out on a filter .
The mixture turned into a syrup , which solidified on the membrane .
When the membrane was flushed with water , the vaccine was reanimated with only a tiny reduction in quality .
Professor
Duke says this could go a long way to cutting the costs of vaccination .
" The cold chain 's extremely expensive , " he said .
" I know , for example , in Papua New Guinea when we 're considering the introduction of a new vaccine , the cold chain equipment has to be revived and there has to be a lot more of it if you 're going to be able to store a new vaccine .
" In Papua New Guinea in 2008 the haemophilus influenzae vaccine was introduced and that required a substantial upgrading of the cold chain equipment at quite large costs . "
The World Health Organisation estimates that the logistics of keeping vaccines cool costs up to $ US200 million a year , which makes immunisation about 20 per cent more expensive .
Dr Cottingham says people could now transport vaccines to remote areas equipped with merely a bicycle and a backpack .
And Professor
Duke says the implications go even further .
" It may be possible to store vaccines in remote health facilities that do n't have refrigerators and then deliver them to nearby villages everyday of the week rather than once every three months , which is currently often what happens , " he said .
" There 's probably even greater potential than just someone on a bicycle with a backpack ; a large delivery of vaccines for communities for extended periods of time . "
The research has just been published in the journal Science Translational Medicine .
“ If the U.S. and its allies think they could hold the stick of sanctions and then sit and negotiate with us , they are seriously mistaken , ” he told a news conference , according to Iran ’s state - run Press TV satellite broadcaster .
European and American officials say the vote on sanctions could come as early as Wednesday .
Image Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey , left , with Prime Minister Vladimir V. Putin of Russia on Tuesday in Istanbul .
Credit ... Osman Orsal / Reuters
Mr. Ahmadinejad said Iran would not repeat its recent offer to send part of its stockpile out of Iran for enrichment .
The accord , supported by Brazil and Turkey , was designed to break the deadlock over its nuclear program , according to Iran .
“ The Tehran declaration provided an opportunity for the United States government and its allies .
We had hoped and we are still hopeful that they use the opportunity well , ” Mr. Ahmadinejad said .
“ I must say opportunities like this will not be repeated again . ”
He added : “ We were thinking that the United States President Barack Obama would make certain changes in the United States policies .
We do n’t say that we are hopeless .
We hope that he can actually get over the present conditions in the time that remains .
We are ready for dialogue within the frame of justice and respect . ”
The United States contends Iran is trying to develop nuclear weapons , while Iran argues its nuclear program is peaceful .
The deal brokered by Turkey and Brazil last month was based on parts of a previous United Nations - backed offer for Tehran to give up 1,200 kilograms of low enriched uranium in exchange for special fuel for a medical research reactor .
A containment cap on a ruptured well in the Gulf of Mexico is now funnelling off 10,000 barrels of oil a day , BP 's chief executive Tony Hayward says .
The amount has risen since Saturday , and implies more than half the estimated 12,000 to 19,000 barrels leaking each day is now being captured .
The spill has been described as the biggest environmental disaster in US history .
Mr Hayward told the BBC that BP would restore the Gulf to its original state .
Speaking on the Andrew Marr Show , Mr Hayward said : " As we speak , the containment cap is producing around 10,000 barrels of oil a day to the surface . "
At the scene Pensacola prides itself on its pristine , soft white sand beaches .
Hundreds of thousands of tourists flock here every year to surf , swim and sunbathe .
But this year , the area 's coastline is tarnished .
Countless soft globules of tar - some as small as a coin others as big as a floormat - are washing up on shore .
The beaches are still open , but as oil continues to spurt from the broken well 90 miles away , residents know their troubles are just beginning .
So far the coastlines most affected have been in Louisiana , Alabama and Mississippi to the west .
But as the leak continues , it 's expected to enter a current that will move the oil from the Gulf of Mexico around the Florida peninsula , and onto the east coast of the state .
Asked what amount of the estimate that represented , the BP chief executive said it was expected to be " the majority , probably the vast majority " of the oil gushing out .
" We have a further containment system to implement in the course of this coming week which will be in place by next weekend so when those two are in place , we would very much hope to be containing the vast majority of the oil . "
His company , he said , was going to stop the leak and take care of the consequences .
" We 're going to clean up the oil , we 're going to remediate any environmental damage and we are going to return the Gulf coast to the position it was in prior to this event .
That 's an absolute commitment , we will be there long after the media has gone , making good on our promises . "
But the man in charge of the federal efforts to cope with the spill said no - one should be pleased " as long as there 's oil in the water " .
Coast Guard Adm Thad Allen told CNN the spill was " an insidious enemy that 's attacking our shores " .
' Nightmare '
The Deepwater Horizon rig sank on 20 April after an explosion , killing 11 workers .
Both BP and the US government have been criticised for the response so far .
Image caption
The environmental impact has been described as the worst in US history
President Barack Obama has pledged to stand with the residents of Louisiana until they are " made whole " .
Mr Obama has said he will ensure that BP is financially accountable for the damaged caused .
The containment cap is designed to funnel most of the leaking oil to a boat on the surface .
It will be followed by a further containment system that involves using the pipes of a failed , previous operation to divert more oil to another vessel ; and by a separate method - due to be in place by the end of this month - which is expected to be able to operate in hurricane conditions .
BP is also digging two relief wells which it hopes will provide a permanent solution to the leak - but they are not due to be completed until August .
The estimates for the total amount of oil that has leaked since the spill began vary widely from 20 million to 45 million gallons .
Four states have so far been affected by the spill - Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama and Florida .
The oil risks affecting some of the famous white beaches of Florida , whose economy is heavily dependent on tourism .
One - third of the Gulf 's federal waters remain closed to fishing , and the spill has killed and injured birds and marine animals .
" These waters are my backyard , my life , " boat captain Dave Marino from Myrtle Grove , Louisiana , told AP news agency .
" It 's a nightmare .
It looks like it 's going to be wave after wave of it and nobody can stop it . "
The oil has steadily spread east , and there are fears it could devastate the shoreline with the hurricane season coming up .
BP , whose share price has dropped by a third since the accident , has been coming under fire for spending a reported $ 50 m on TV advertising to improve its image while the crisis was still going on .
BP says it has spent more than $ 1bn so far on clean - up and containment efforts since the Deepwater Horizon rig accident .
I do n’t know about you , but I find most ‘ show bikes ’ less inspiring than a good garage build .
The shows occasionally do throw up something truly original though , and this bike is a case in point .
‘ Wide Boy ’ appeared at the recent London Ace Cafe Motorcycle & Custom Show , and was built by Larry Houghton .
It did n’t win — it came third in the Freestyle class — but it deserves a closer look .
Larry comes from the ‘ extreme engineering ’ school of custom bike building , and unlike most extreme customs , his bike holds together visually .
It ’s based on a late model 1983 6 - cylinder Honda CBX , although little remains of the Honda donor .
The new frame , for example , is crafted from one - inch thick aluminum sheet that Larry cut , bent and twisted into a multitude of angles — as if it were a paper origami sculpture .
He designed a front end similar to BMW ’s radical Telelever system , and installed a single - sided Ducati 916 swingarm at the back .
Wheels are 17 ” Marchesinis from a Ducati 996 .
The sinuous , six - into - six exhaust system is a highlight : it took Maf Welch of Expressive Engineering three weeks to build , and required seven meters of stainless steel tubing .
It ’s tempting to overcook a bike like this , so the paintjob is thankfully low - key : a gunmetal black base is overlaid with dusted silver , and finished with orange pinstriping .
( A color scheme coincidentally close to the colors of the original , unmolested CBX . )
If I was a show judge , I ’d say the result is edgy and provocative — and a welcome departure from the usual ‘ Hot Wheels ’ show bike look .
Vern Doer has been mastering ham radios since before most of us were born .
In fact , Mr. Doer was delighted whenever a young kid came into his den and marveled at all of his high - tech gear .
“ Oh , those neighbor kids use to love my ham radio , ” said Mr. Doer as he pulled a long gray hair out of his ear canal .
“ I used to talk to people from other lands and the kids would be amazed . ”
One would think that Mr. Doer ’s grasp on technology would propel him into becoming a computer expert , but surprisingly , the old man ’s inability to separate technologies and to listen to certified professionals has created one of the nation ’s biggest computer dip - shits .
“ One of the biggest issues with Vern is that he ’s a pompous crank who thinks he knows a thing or two about everything technical and he can’t believe that anyone under the age of 30 knows anything , ” said Vince Viloria , a tech support specialist .
“ He has a knack for never listening to me and doing countless stupid things to his system that I ’ve warned him not to do . ”
Doer worked for nearly 37 years as a warehouse manager and seldom needed to use a computer as his company shunned technology until 2007 , three years after Doer retired .
“ One of the reasons we never implemented a computer system was Vern , ” said Simpson Beverage owner , Joseph Simpson .
“ He would have destroyed the entire installation and driven any tech support staff to their grave .
When it came to technology , he was a super dumb-ass who thought he was an expert . ”
Doer became excited about computers when his network of ham radio buddies began talking about how they were beginning to really enjoy their computers .
Doer rushed out in 2009 and purchased a Compaq PC from Best Buy .
The machine was preinstalled with a bevy of programs and Windows Vista .
Within 10 minutes of unpacking the box , Doer was on the phone with tech support .
“ Let me see , his first ticket consisted of him yelling at us for using a black power chord instead of a gray one , because he felt a gray chord matched better , ” revealed ﻿ Viloria .
“ This particular call lasted 4.3 hours and resulted in talking Vern through reinstalling Windows XP 2 times because for some reason , he chose to reformat his hard drive to make sure it was “ fresh ” and ready to go . ”
Doer ’s list of verifiable dip - shit moves also include the following :
1 . He called tech support 8 times in the first week asking for his password .
2 . He uninstalled all third - party drivers and applications because he wanted a pure system and then spent 4 hours on tech support trying to get his printers working .
3 . He berated a tech for 32 minutes on the “ inadequacies of his monitor ’s design ” and then proceeded to remove all video drivers and video cards from his computer .
After running in 600 x 400 resolution for 4 days , he called tech support and demanded a refund .
4. Within 5 hours of his last OS reinstall , he had aquired 43 viruses because he felt that having his firewall on was a safety hazard to his home .
5 . He dimwittingly had his computer turned into a child porn server by Eastern block hackers and refused to have the material removed before he had a chance to investigate the crime for himself .
In doing so , he allowed another 35,094 poeple access to his illegal images .
6 . He called demanding to know how a picture of his penis was added as his desktop image and refused to allow any male tech support specialists access to his computer in an effort to help him .
Despite all the issues that Mr. Doer has experienced , he still seems to be very excited about his computer and the internet .
“ I got like 50 webpages already that I interfaced through my computer , ” informed Doer .
“ And best , I have them all firewalled against each other but I VPNed them with my own security pipe proxy box .
Even best , I can download the internet onto my computer and then disconnect it and then goto all the sites without worrying about hackers . ”
When asked what he felt about the tech support he recieves , Mr. Doer had only this to say , ” Nowadays when they service you , that equates to a bull servicing a cow .
I should be gettin paid by them for all the QA testing I ’ve done for them . ”
Scoop Gods
is now Part of the SpinLife® Family
A third - grade girl 's sweet tooth landed her in a sour spot at school this week .
Amber Brazda , the mother of 10 - year - old Leighann Adair , said her daughter came home from Brazos Elementary School in tears on Monday after getting punished for having a Jolly Rancher at lunch .
The friend who gave her the hard candy also got in trouble .
To Jack Ellis , superintendent of the Brazos Independent School District , the story is simple :
The district prohibits students from having candy and gum on campus , and the third - graders broke the rules .
Ellis defended Principal Jeanne Young 's decision to give the girls five days of detention , which they served during recess and lunch .
“ It 's made to seem like we took the children and put them in a room for five days and locked the door , ” Ellis said , explaining that the girls were in a classroom with staff there to help them with reading assignments .
He said the school has tried giving other students fewer days of detention for having candy , but that did n't keep the sticky sweet stuff from showing up .
To Brazda , the school 's response to her daughter was , put simply , “ ridiculous . ”
“ The punishment is harsher than the crime , ” she said .
” They 're little kids . ”
The small school district , which has three campuses in Orchard and Wallis , bans gum and candy because , according to Ellis , “ It creates a mess .
It 's all over your furniture and your floors . ”
Ellis admits , though , that not all candy is treated equally .
“ If we had a kid whose mom slipped a couple of candy kisses in their lunch , we do n't mess with that , ” he said .
“ It 's basically the hard candy and gum that we do n't want .
Hard candy , when dropped , it 's the messiest to clean up . ”
The superintendent also mentioned that the state 's school nutrition policy bans certain foods of minimal nutritional value , including candy and gum .
That policy , however , does not apply to lunches that students bring from home or to a candy swap between friends , said Bryan Black , a spokesman for the Texas Department of Agriculture .
“ Let me just stress , there is absolutely no prohibition in the nutrition policy that stops a student from sharing small amounts of food at the lunch table , ” he said .
“ If a student wants to share a Jolly Rancher with a friend , that is not a violation of the school nutrition policy and we would not issue a negative finding to a school district . ”
School has own policy
Still , Ellis said that Brazos Elementary spelled out its own policy and punishment in its “ Parent Survival Guide . ”
But the wording is n't as simple as , “ No candy allowed . ”
Specifically , the guide says , “ The elementary campus has food of minimal nutritional value that is restricted to students during the school day including soda water , water ices , chewing gum , certain candies including hard candy , jellies and gums , marshmallow candies , fondant , licorice , spun candy , and candy - coated popcorn . ”
Brazda said she plans to attend the next school board meeting to protest the rule .
“ Who would think that a kid would get a week 's detention for having a piece of candy at lunch ? ” she asked .
“ She did n't even eat it .
The teacher took it away . ”
ericka.mellon@chron.com
The nation 's largest conservative youth outreach organization charged Monday that Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan " trampled on the rights " of students during her tenure as the dean of Harvard Law School , and " segregated " students who sought to meet with military recruiters to hear about possible careers in the U.S. armed services .
Kagan 's opposition to treating military recruiters the same way corporate and legal recruiters were treated is emerging as one of the most controversial aspects of her background .
Even observers who customarily support President Obama 's policies are criticizing that aspect of Kagan 's career .
Daily Beast senior political writer and author Peter Beinart , who generally lauded Obama 's pick , said Kagan should apologize for treating military recruiters like second - class citizens .
" The question was , and is , whether banning the military from campus constitutes the right response , " Beinart wrote .
" I think it was stupid then and stupid now . "
According to the conservative Young America 's Foundation ( YAF ) : " Kagan treated patriotic students like second - class citizens when she banned them from meeting with military recruiters in the career office . "
A YAF news release Monday evening declared : " She forced students to meet with military representatives off campus or in a segregated part of the campus , essentially telling these young people to ' get to the back of the bus . ' "
Harvard 's ban on military recruiters preceded Kagan by several decades .
The reason : The Armed Forces would not allow openly gay soldiers to serve .
In 2002 , after 9/11 and up against mounting pressure from the Bush administration , the law school relented and agreed to allow the on -campus visits .
Kagan , however , rose to become dean of the school one year later .
Kagan openly expressed her passionate opposition to allowing the visits , even calling the military 's " do n't ask , do n't tell " policy " a moral injustice of the first order . "
In November 2004 , after a favorable court ruling , Kagan banned military recruiters from the law school campus once again .
She did allow recruiters limited access through the Harvard Law Students Veterans Association .
Kagan and 40 other Harvard professors then signed a friend of the court brief , in an effort to persuade the Supreme Court to rule in favor of the ban .
To the contrary , the Supreme Court ruled 8 to 0 that Kagan and her colleagues were wrong .
“ A military recruiter ’s mere presence on campus does not violate a law school ’s right to associate , regardless of how repugnant the law school considers the recruiter ’s message , ” Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. wrote in his Rumsfeld v. FAIR opinion .
" The Supreme Court 's unanimous decision rejected Kagan 's radical ideology , " the YAF statement declared Monday , " saying that students have every right to meet with the military on campus and that the federal government has every right to deny US taxpayer funds to schools that did not comply . "
Ironically , one of the leaders who took issue with Kagan 's controversial stance was then Sen. Barack Obama .
Speaking at Columbia University in 2008 , Obama said : " The notion that young people … anywhere , in any university , are n't offered the choice , the option of participating in military service , I think is a mistake . "
Young America 's Foundation Vice President Kate Obenshain said Monday : " Kagan has repeatedly trampled on the rights of patriotic students who want to serve their country .
She did so even at a time when our nation is at war . "
The YAF is urging senators to oppose the Kagan nomination , warning " The battle to limit the rights of certain students on campus , particularly those willing to sacrifice their lives in the service of their country , will begin anew should Kagan win a powerful life - long seat on the Supreme Court .
The YAF has defended the rights of ROTC and other students to serve their country for over 40 years .
" In those 40 years , we have never seen as dire a threat to students ' rights , and the constitutional rights of all citizens , as Elena Kagan presents , " the organization states .
© 2020 Newsmax .
All rights reserved .
Demonstrating that chemistry sometimes can inform history , researchers from the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) , Colorado College and Mount Saint Mary 's University in Emmitsburg , Md. , have shown that sensitive nondestructive evaluation ( NDE ) techniques can be used to determine the elemental composition of ancient coins , even coins that generally have been considered too corroded for such methods *.
Along the way , the researchers ' analysis of coins minted in ancient Judea has raised new questions about who ruled the area while giving insight into trading patterns and industry in the region .
Elemental and isotope analysis of the metals in ancient artifacts sometimes can pinpoint the places where the metal was mined , because ores in a given region often have a unique composition .
This can be combined with historical records of when mines in the area were operating to determine when the coin was likely struck .
The results not only help date the coin , but also offer insight into trade and power relationships in the region .
To compare the effectiveness of various nondestructive analytical methods with destructive methods often used to determine the age and origin of ancient coins , the group studied coins minted by Kings Herod Agrippa I and Agrippa II in what is modern day Palestine and Israel , a biblically and historically significant period .
The vast numbers of a particular coin , a prutah , found in the archaeological record has led scholars to disagree about when they were struck and by whom .
The provenance of the coin is important because it is used to establish dates for places and events in the early years of Christianity and the onset of the Jewish War ( 66 - 70 CE ) against the Romans and the Diaspora that followed .
To better establish whether the coins were minted by Agrippa I ( 41 - 45 CE ) or Agrippa II ( after 61 CE ) , the team performed X - ray fluorescence and lead isotope analysis to fingerprint the ores used in the production of the coins .
These NDE methods are not commonly used on corroded coins because the corrosion can affect the results -- in some cases making it difficult to get a result at all .
The team showed that these problems could be overcome using polarizing optics and powerful new software for X - ray fluorescence analysis , combined with careful calibration of the mass spectrometer using Standard Reference Materials from NIST **.
The lead isotope analysis , performed at NIST , showed that the coins that had been attributed to Agrippa I were indeed from that era .
More interestingly , however , the group found that the copper from which the coins were made most likely came from mines that scholars thought had n't been opened until a century later .
" All the archaeological evidence has thus far suggested that the Romans had moved into Arabia in the 2nd century CE , " says Nathan Bower of Colorado College .
" What this analysis shows is that the Romans may have reached the region earlier or found that these mines had already been opened .
Either way , our findings suggest that the Romans had a much closer relationship with this particular region than scholars had previously thought . "
To follow up on their research , the group is planning to perform more tests to determine if the mines in question may have been operating even earlier than their recent findings suggest .
###
* M. Epstein , D. Hendin , L. Yu , and N. Bower .
Chemical attribution of corroded coins using X - ray fluorescence and lead isotope ratios : A case study from first century Judaea .
Applied Spectroscopy , Vol. 64 , Issue 4 , pp. 384-390 ( 2010 ) .
** NIST 's Common Lead Standard Reference Material , SRM 981 , and Neodymium Standard Solution , SRM 3135a were used in the study .
Arizona 's schools superintendent Tom Horne is pushing legislation to ban ethnic - studies courses from high schools , specifically the 22 courses offered at four Tucson high schools in history , government , and literature .
If Senate Bill 1069 becomes law , a district or charter school that allows such courses would lose 10 percent of its state funds each month .
The money would be returned when the district shut down the program .
" The job of the public schools is to develop the student 's identity as Americans and as strong individuals , " Horne said .
" It 's not the job of the public schools to promote ethnic chauvinism . "
At the last minute , Horne added two exceptions to his bill .
Native American studies would be exempt because these courses are protected by federal law .
Also exempt is any grouping of students based on academic performance , even if most of the students are predominantly from one ethnic background .
This would prevent the new mandatory four - hours - a - day language classes for English learners from running afoul of the law .
Sen. Jonathan Paton , a Tucson Republican , is sponsoring the legislation .
Horne called ethnic studies " harmful and dysfunctional " and has tried for nearly two years to persudade Tucson voters to bounce the local school board members who supported ethnic studies .
The strategy failed , and Horne reported that some board members want to expand the program to middle school .
Students are on waiting lists to get into the courses at Tucson and Cholla High Magnet Schools , said Augustine Romero , who heads the district program .
Romero also teaches one of the courses , U.S. Government and Social Justice .
This course teaches the historic functions of government by tracking the changes in court decisions and legislation that reflect America 's changing attitudes toward minorities .
Romero said the district supports the courses for good reasons :
They connect students to their cultural past and their roles in American history , including students with Native American , Mexican , Asian and African American heritages .
They heighten student interest and make the courses relevant to their everyday experience .
Data collected since 2002 by the Tucson school district show students who attend the courses perform better on AIMS , the state 's standardized test , than students who do not attend the courses .
That fulfills the goal of No Child Left Behind , which is to raise student achievement among minority students .
" This legislation is very mean spirited , " Romero said .
These courses " should be recognized and applauded and people should be finding ways to implement this methodology , rather than attacking it because it does n't fit into their narrow box of how things should be done . "
After 69 years fighting crime in the same spangly swimsuit , it was probably about time Wonder Woman changed her outfit .
That 's what DC Comics thinks , and to celebrate the 600th edition of the Wonder Woman legend , the feminist superhero has been given a makeover .
Out go the star - studded big knickers , red corset and saucy boots ; in come a pair of modest leggings , a blue jacket and some rather more sensible navy shoes .
The costume is part of a reimagining of the comic book icon , which in an alternative history sees Wonder Woman smuggled out of Paradise Island as a baby when unknown forces destroy her home and slaughter its inhabitants .
The new story was devised by J Michael Straczynski , who created the television show Babylon 5 and wrote the screenplay for Changeling in 2008 , starring Angelina Jolie .
He told the New York Times today that getting Wonder Woman some new clothes was one of his top priorities in the the job .
" She 's been locked into pretty much the exact same outfit since her debut in 1941 , " he said .
" If you 're going to make a statement about bringing Wonder Woman into the 21st century , you need to be bold and you need to make it visual .
I wanted to toughen her up , and give her a modern sensibility . "
He added : " What woman only wears only one outfit for 60 - plus years ? "
According to DC , it is " the first significant change in her appearance since the character debuted in 1941 " .
Not everything has been tinkered with : some fans will be glad to know that she has retained the bowling ball breasts – oddities which the novelist Jodi Picoult ( unsuccessfully ) asked to be reduced when she was brought in to work on the series in 2006 – because " as a woman , I know you would n't fight crime in a bustier " .
June 8 , 2010  --
A leading scientist following the BP oil spill said Monday that if the company or the government had made realistic estimates about the amounts flowing into the Gulf of Mexico , they could have had sufficient tanker space ready on the surface to hold the crude being pumped up through a make - shift collection device .
Instead , BP officials have acknowledged they may be constrained from pumping oil up too quickly because the surface ships there now can only receive only 15,000 barrels daily .
" They 're groping in the dark because they 've never permitted actual estimates to be made , " said Ian MacDonald , a Florida State oceanography professor .
" They said a dozen times on television that 5,000 barrels a day was the rate of this spill , and all their engineering was driven by that .
Clearly , they were underestimating what kind of capacity they needed . "
In an extensive interview with ABC News chief investigative correspondent Brian Ross , MacDonald examined underwater video from the early days of the disaster and concluded that BP had been underestimating the scope of the spill , with little objection from the U.S Coast Guard or other federal agencies .
The videos were not released until more than a month into the spill , after they were sought by Sens. Bill Nelson ( D - Fla . ) and Barbara Boxer ( D - Calif . ) .
CLICK HERE TO WATCH THE INTERVIEW
At the time , BP defended its actions , saying it had made all the video available to federal officials .
" The video has been available to the unified command from the very beginning , " said Mark Proegler , a BP spokesman .
" It 's always been here from the beginning .
They had it . "
Coast Guard officials told ABC
News that BP refused to allow them to release the more startling images , arguing they were proprietary .
But at the time , the agency was doing little to convey to the world what the images were showing .
Coast Guard Rear Admiral Mary Landry was sticking with estimates , calculated by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , which put the spill 's size at about 5,000 barrels a day for several weeks .
Coast Guard officials said they were focused on the response , and advised the public not to worry about just how much oil was pouring into the water .
CLICK HERE to follow the ABC News Investigative Team 's coverage on Twitter .
" I would caution you not to get fixated on an estimate of how much is out there , " said Adm .
Landry at a joint press conference with BP on April 30 .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
Since the 1990s , a green fluorescent protein known simply as GFP has revolutionized cell biology .
Originally found in a Pacific Northwest jellyfish , GFP allows scientists to visualize proteins inside of cells and track them as they go about their business .
Two years ago , biologists who discovered and developed the protein as a laboratory tool won a Nobel Prize for their work .
However , using GFP as a fluorescent probe has one major drawback — the protein is so bulky that it can interfere with the proteins it ’s labeling , preventing them from doing their normal tasks or reaching their intended destinations .
“ For a long time , people have been trying to find better ways to label proteins , ” says Katharine White , an MIT graduate student in the lab of Alice Ting , associate professor of chemistry .
Ting ,
White and their colleagues have now come up with a new way to overcome the disadvantages of GFP , by tagging proteins with a much smaller probe .
Their probe allows proteins to carry out their normal functions , offering scientists the chance to glimpse never - before - seen activity .
The researchers describe the new technique , dubbed PRIME ( PRobe Incorporation Mediated by Enzymes ) , in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences this week .
Tracking proteins
First isolated from a jellyfish in 1962 , GFP allows scientists to track otherwise invisible proteins as they move about the cell , orchestrating processes such as cell division and metabolism .
To achieve this , scientists tack the gene for GFP onto the gene for the protein they want to study .
After the engineered gene is introduced into cells , it will produce proteins that glow fluorescent green .
However , GFP ’s large size ( 238 amino acids ) can interfere with some proteins , such as actin , a molecule that helps give cells their structure and is involved in cell division , motility and communication with other cells .
“ People use fluorescent proteins to study actin all the time , but fusion to the fluorescent proteins has detrimental effects on actin ’s function and trafficking , ” says Tao Uttamapinant , co-lead author of the PNAS paper with White and former MIT postdoctoral associate Hemanta Baruah .
To overcome the drawbacks of GFP , Ting and her students used a blue fluorescent probe that is much smaller than GFP .
Unlike GFP , the new probe is not joined to the target protein as it ’s produced inside the cell .
Instead , the probe is attached later on by a new enzyme that the researchers also designed .
For this to work , the researchers must add the gene for the new enzyme , known as a fluorophore ligase , to each cell at the same time that they add the gene for the protein of interest .
They also add a short tag ( 13 amino acids ) to the target protein , and this tag allows the enzyme to recognize the protein .
When the blue fluorescent probe ( 7 - hydroxycoumarin ) is added to the cell , the enzyme attaches it to the short tag on the target protein .
With this method , proteins such as actin can move freely throughout the cell and cross into the nucleus even when tagged with the fluorescent probe .
The researchers also demonstrated that they can label proteins in specific parts of the cell , such as the nucleus , cell membrane or cytosol ( the interior of the cell ) , by tagging the enzyme with genetic sequences that direct it to specific locations .
That way , the enzyme attaches the fluorescent probe only to proteins in those locations .
That ability to target proteins in a specific part of the cell is the most impressive aspect of the new method , says Jun Yin , assistant professor of chemistry at the University of Chicago .
“ If you study a protein , the first thing you want to know is where it ’s located and what its trafficking pattern is , ” says Yin , who was not involved in this research .
Yin , who also studies protein labeling , believes the new MIT technique is general enough that it could be modified to detect other changes inside a cell .
“ It has potential not only for fluorophores , but also other probes to respond to the microenvironment , such as pH changes or changes in ion concentrations , ” which would shed further light on cell functions , he says .
The MIT team is now working on engineering enzymes that will work with other types of probes .
Ting has also filed for a patent on the fluorescent probe technique and plans to commercialize the technology so other labs can use it .
MINNEAPOLIS --
Opening night can't get here fast enough for the New Orleans Saints and Minnesota Vikings .
Saints safety Darren Sharper is engaging in some serious trash talk on Twitter with former teammates Bryant McKinnie and Visanthe Shiancoe of the Vikings , with Brett Favre right in the middle of it .
Sharper touched things off after Favre announced he was having ankle surgery last week .
The talkative safety tweeted " X marks the spot " in reference to the quarterback 's ankle .
The comment touched a nerve with the Vikings , who believe the Saints took several late hits on their 40 - year - old quarterback in New Orleans ' overtime victory over Minnesota in the NFC title game in January .
The Vikings responded in kind on Thursday , first after practice and then in cyberspace , more than three months before the teams kick off the NFL season in New Orleans on Sept.
9 .
" Sharper had surgery , too .
And it was the knee , " Shiancoe told members of the media on Thursday morning .
" So if ' X ' marks the spot on Brett , I wonder what would mark the spot on Sharper ?
I know which one it is .
I know exactly which one it is . "
The words quickly got back to Sharper , who challenged Shiancoe to a bet on the season - opening game , throwing in a playfully juvenile twist on the tight end 's name for good measure .
" So visanthe stankoe X marks the spot on me , how bout X marks the spot for how many catches and TDs you 'll have come Thursday night , " Sharper fired back .
" X [ equals ] zero .
" If you feeling yourself put your game check on it .
No TDs and less than 3 catches you give me your game check .
Now whose talking . "
Shiancoe , one of Minnesota 's most active tweeters , did not immediately respond to Sharper 's baiting , but McKinnie did not hesitate .
" Oh so I heard u was on twitter going in , but I missed it !
Man u do n't want these problems . "
Favre has yet to inform the Vikings if he will return for a second season in purple .
But most view his decision to have surgery as an indicator that he will be back .
McKinnie , the big left tackle , tweeted to Sharper that the Vikings offensive line is " the secret service and Brett is Obama , so try 2 get thru if u want 2 !
Now this is ur warning ! "
Sharper was one of the most popular Vikings during his four seasons in Minnesota and was friendly with Shiancoe and McKinnie , so this all could be playful banter .
He left before last season and joined the Saints , helping them to a Super Bowl victory over the Indianapolis Colts .
Whatever the sentiment is behind it , there is no doubt that it will get plenty of attention from fans and media .
" I bet all this trash talk [ at ] sharper 42 is doing has yall Viking Fans excited 4 the season 2 start ! " McKinnie said .
First , some good news .
The dust blowing all over last time was not indicative of poor dust collection in this machine .
After closing up shop for the day , it bugged me all night , and I figured there must have been something I missed .
There was .
Under the belt on the back of the machine is a blast gate .
D’oh .
Opening that , the dust collection becomes quite good .
No more dust spewing in all directions , but this thing sands very aggressively , so hard sanding does result in a little bit kicked down and past the table .
This is the stuff that never makes it near the bottom of the belt and into the metal shroud that surrounds the dust collection area .
That said , it ’s minimal .
I still want a rafter mount air filtration unit one of these days , though .
Here ’s an example of some aggressive shortening of a fern pine ( Podocarpus gracilior ) root with the belt sander :
The sanding belt and disc fill up with dust , so I broke out one of the two blocks of latex rubber I got on sale from Rockler a long time ago .
I ’ve used this one a little on my random orbital sander , but this new machine really chews through it !
The rubber , being so spongy and tacky digs in around the grit , adhering to the dust and pulling it right out , and ending up as hot , sticky crumbles on the table :
One thing I ’ll be doing now that I have this is using up small cutoffs , things most woodworkers would probably throw away .
Here ’s an example cutoff from the end of a 1×3 of alder .
The boards were on my log rack outside and the ends got rained on , and then molded over .
The mold does n’t go very deep , though , so it can be planed , sawn , or sanded away .
It ’s too hard to run such small pieces through saws , jointers , or planers , but this belt sander handles them with ease .
An example of what I can do with these is glue up blocks for things like segmented cups and bowls .
Watch the mold disappear as I create 90° angles :
I figure I ’ll create jigs eventually that ride in the miter slots and let me sand blocks all to exactly the same size and angles .
This would make whipping out bowl segments pretty fast .
Another nice thing is that I can sand wood to concave curves so easily now .
Here I just took a scrap of ply with some examples of my poor long division skills scrawled across it and used another piece of wood with a simple curve on it as a French curve to scribble out a curvy quadrilateral .
You can see how nearly effortless it is to sand right to the shape .
This was the first time I ’d ever done it , so clearly it ’s pretty easy !
For an encore , I slapped it on an identically sized scrap and used it as a pattern to sand a second , identical piece .
This will certainly come in handy :
Finally , I ’ll show off the disc sander for the first time now .
My only critique of this thing is that the table is held on by a rod under the right side , and therefore any pressure on the table pushes the left side of the table down , because there ’s no support whatsoever underneath it .
This wo n’t work so well for heavy pieces .
I do n’t think I could put a big log on this thing .
I even accidentally pushed the left corner of the table into the sanding pad at some point and sent a few sparks flying .
That said , the sander came with a little accessory for the T slots , seen in this video .
It ’s just a slider that sits fully inside the slot with a sharp metal spike sticking up .
You can slam a piece of wood down on it and use it as a pivot to sand circular things , all the way up to 18 ” diameter , and perhaps just slightly beyond .
I decided to use it to create a circle from scratch .
I could n’t believe how well it worked .
I used a piece that ’s been floating around my shop for 2 years .
It was an old attempt to see how much I could recycle .
When I made a small TV stand for my mom , I ended up with a little pile of birch 1×8 cutoffs that were only about 5/8 ” long , cut right off the ends of the boards to true them up .
I set up my drill press as a spindle sander jointer to make the sides very straight and edge glued them to create a little end grain platter .
Not having thought of anything to do with it in all this time , I figured I ’d use it as the test piece and create a little end - grain coaster out of it .
Here ’s that process :
It sands so fast !
I think this is going to be my new goto method for creating circles .
Setup time is so fast it ’s ridiculous .
It leaves just a little spike hole in the bottom , too .
I ’m going to create a little spacer , maybe with a strip of aluminum on my mini mill with holes spaced every 1/4 ” and labeled so I can loosen the spike , push the bar end up against the sander , and align the spike with the appropriate hole to rapidly set up my radius .
Here are some final shots of the ‘ coaster . ’
I ’m probably going to use my router table and a bearing bit to create a decorative edge around it , then maybe use it as a stand for something .
If I end up with a pile of similar cutoffs , I can glue them all up and create a coaster set out of them .
I love to keep reusing scrap until there ’s nothing but powder left .
I just wish I had a hammer mill and pelletizer so I could then turn the powder and chips into useful , burnable material , too !
I ’m like a native American :)
Thanks for reading !
-- Gary , Los Angeles , video game animator
With a California premiere of his documentary “ Through the Gift Shop ” on the horizon , British street artist Banksy has put himself to work around the Los Angeles area .
Poking fun at a security sign is a stencil of a cop with a balloon dog on a muzzled leash .
The piece was seen on La Brea and 4th if you ’re in the area .
Source : Arrested Motion
Update : A New York Times article Saturday notes , “ In 17 months in office , President Obama has already outdone every previous president in pursuing leak prosecutions . ”
Scott Shane reports for the Times that the “ Obama administration is proving more aggressive than the Bush administration in seeking to punish unauthorized leaks ” and that “ [ h ] is administration has taken actions that might have provoked sharp political criticism for his predecessor , George W. Bush , who was often in public fights with the press . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Steven Aftergood , head of the project on government secrecy at the Federation of American Scientists , who has long tracked the uneasy commerce in secrets between government officials and the press , said Mr. Drake might have fallen afoul of a bipartisan sense in recent years that leaks have gotten out of hand and need to be deterred .
By several accounts , Mr. Obama has been outraged by some leaks , too .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ I think this administration , like every other administration , is driven to distraction by leaking , Ã¢â‚ ¬Â Mr. Aftergood said .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ And Congress wants a few scalps , too .
On a bipartisan basis , they want these prosecutions to proceed .
Ã¢â‚¬Â
More information on specific leakers being pursued by the Obama administration at this link .
At Democratic Underground , one forum member called ‘ go west young man ’ complained , “ They did n’t trade secrets to the enemies of the United States .
They exposed corruption from within .
Leaking is n’t the problem .
Fucked up policies and the people who implement them are . ”
We need leakers when there is injustice .
Mr. Obama is just trying to look tough .
He might want to look for the real criminals .
They are pretty easy to find as they were in the previous administration and the Republican Party .
I ’m an ex marine and I voted for Obama but at this point he can kiss my ass .
I ’m fed up with this “ Good German ” mindset in our military .
We need more like these leakers . ”
Daniel Ellsberg , who gained fame when he leaked the Pentagon Papers in 1971 in hopes of ending the Vietnam War ,
told MSNBC ’s Dylan Ratigan on Friday that he not only sees a parallel between himself and the person who recently leaked a video of an assault by US forces on Iraqi civilians but also fears for the safety of Wikileaks founder Julian Assange , who published the video .
ADVERTISEMENT
Army specialist Bradley Manning was recently arrested in the case , and according to reporter Philip Shenon , the Pentagon is “ desperately ” seeking Wikileaks founder Julian Assange in hopes of preventing further damaging revelations .
Noting that since his own prosecution under the Espionage Act “ for revealing information to the American public ” almost 40 years ago there had been only two other similar indictments prior to the current administration , Ellsberg stated angrily , “ President Obama , who came in promising transparency in government and to end the excessive secrecy has totally violated that pledge .
…
That ’s really not the kind of change I voted for when I voted for him . ”
Philip Shenon , who was appearing along with Ellsberg , told Ratigan that Assange “ was supposed to appear this evening at a panel in Las Vegas … but he apparently canceled on them at the last minute . …
He said last week at [ a ]
New York gathering that he had been instructed by his lawyers not to return to the United States . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I was supposed to do a dialogue with him at that conference , ” Ellsberg added , “ and the explanation he used was that he understood that it was not safe for him to come to this country . ”
“ I think it ’s worth mentioning a very new and ominous development in our country , ” Ellsberg continued .
“ I think he would not be safe even physically , entirely , wherever he is . …
We have a president who has announced that he feels he has the right to use special operations operatives against anyone abroad that he thinks is associated with terrorism . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Recalling that he himself had been the intended target of a CIA hit squad in 1972 , Ellsberg suggested , “ As I look at Assange ’s case , their worry that he will reveal current threats , I would have to say , puts his well - being , his physical life , in some danger .
And I say that with anguish . … I think Assange would do well to keep his whereabouts unknown . ”
Video of the complete Dylan Ratigan segment with Daniel Ellsberg can be see here .
Work : An Animated Satire That ’ll Make You Smile
Not so happy to be back on the job after winter vacation ?
This wonderful animated satire will help you laugh through the pain .
Obama : There Is " Obsession " With Timeline Of Afghanistan Pullout
President Barack Obama says there 's been , as he calls it , " a lot of obsession " about the issue of when U.S. troops will leave Afghanistan .
Being a fan of rolling , nonsense , and the rampant homoerotic gestures of intergalactic regents , I picked up a copy of Beautiful Katamari earlier this week , eager to sink my teeth into the latest installment of one of my favorite series .
It was great until it was , y'know , over -- I had completed the game proper in just shy of three hours .
Even Me & My Katamari had a longer shelf - life , provided you did n't chuck your PSP out a window in a fit of hatred over the controls .
Well , shucks ; some games are just short , so I guess them 's the breaks .
Or is them ?
Ol ' Major Nelson dropped a notice today on his marketplace round - up which included some of the Beautiful Katamari DLC dropping in Asia , all of which is more than likely to hit our shores in the near future .
Four new levels at 200 points a pop will grant you access to create the Milky Way , a space station , Vega and Cetus by rollin ' up various brands of junk .
That 's swell and all , but one wonders : why were n't these in the game as released ?
Taking a look at the Japanese Xbox Live Marketplace reveals that the four downloadable levels occupy only 384 kb of space per addition on your little ol ' hard drive .
Whether these files are keys to unlock content already on the disc or actual levels is largely irrelevant ; four levels up on Marketplace coinciding with the day of release seems a might suspect .
While this is a story we 've heard before for numerous other Xbox 360 titles , what makes Beautiful Katamari 's situation unique is that the nickle - and - diming microtransaction shenanigans , when entirely unfurled , will likely top out the game 's price at a standard sixty bucks , just like any other game .
The original Katamari Damacy 's $ 20 price tag was probably the biggest force in getting copies off of retail shelves -- the logic behind keeping the MSRP as low as possible for the Prince 's latest outing on the 360 seems rational , but it's an established series with a ravenous fanbase .
If Katamari 's success mandates a heftier cost of admission , that 's cool , but let 's not maintain this charade of budget title status while withholding content , yeah ?
THEY are known for '' making the serious trivial and the trivial serious ' ' .
And that 's exactly what Greig Pickhaver and John Doyle did when they found out they were to become members of the Order of Australia ( AM ) for services to the media as presenters and entertainers , and as supporters of charitable organisations .
'' The great thing is if we 're ever on a ship and the captain dies , we take over , '' Doyle says flatly .
'' We can take over the captaincy of the vessel and do marriages , and I think we can do baptisms . ''
Happy to Share ... John Doyle , left , and Greig Pickhaver wo n't begrudge Roy Slaven and H.G. Nelson a peek at their citations .
Credit : Steven Siewert
'' Wow , have you been Googling all that ? ''
Pickhaver asks .
'' No , I 'm making that all up .
It 's wishful thinking , '' Doyle answers .
A few months ago we ran an article about the popular private torrent tracker iPlay .
iPlay , a site that is almost always closed to public registrations , relaxed their rules a little by opening trial signups ; potential new members could sign up as trial users and test drive the site .
Trial accounts that met certain requirements after a specific time period were promoted to full user status and given permanent membership on the tracker .
There was however a limit to the number of trial registrations allowed – although most of our readers could get in when we posted the news earlier , those who were late in reading the post obviously could not get in .
Good news is that iPlay seems to have opened trial registrations yet again – you now have the opportunity to sign up for one of the best general / 0 day trackers currently online .
Like almost every other general tracker on the planet , iPlay tracks scene and non scene releases .
However , there are several factors that makes this site stand out from the rest .
First and foremost , iPlay has a lot of internal , exclusive releases .
These are uploaded by 5 of their own release groups , iNCOMiNG , iDVD , iPSP , iHD and iMOBILE ( you can track all internal releases from the iPlay Releases Board - http://www.iplay.ro/board/board.php).
Second , this site has a great visual design - the four different themes introduced with iPlay V4 look great and gives the site a polished look .
In terms of content , iPlay ’s torrent index is pretty huge .
There are currently over 13500 active torrents accessible via three different browse pages , one each for general content , music releases and adult content .
Download speeds and pre times are pretty good across all torrents here .
Image : iHD release board .
iHD is an internal release group at iPlay who specializes in HDRips and other high definition content .
Enough about site features – you obviously came here to seek more information about trial registrations so let ’s get back to that .
We already posted a detailed article on how iPlay ’s trial registration system works several months ago .
Same information with minor updates is quoted below .
A trial account has several limitations over a regular user account - a list of them may be found below :
Account is valid for 7 days .
Account has a download limit of 7 torrents .
Account has a download limit of 7GB .
Account has no right to make requests .
Account has limited ( read only ) access to forum .
Account has no right to send private messages .
After the 7 day grace period , it ’s possible to convert your account to a full account and become a ‘ normal ’ user .
There are two methods to get promoted ( quoted from site ) :
After the 7 days trial period if your global ratio is 1.5 or greater you are eligible for promotion , but promotion must be approved by staff .
OR
By making a donation , in this way your account will be converted from trial to full automatically .
How to sign up
iPLAY signup process is a little more complicated due to the number of checks and verifications that are built into it .
Tips below should help you overcome this hurdle .
You need to read the FAQ and Rules pages .
Before you hit the signup button , open these two pages on two new tabs on your browser and start reading .
We know most of you skip through these on trackers but in this case make sure to actually read the content – iPLAY has some custom rules ( such as minimum monthly download requirement ) and you will need a good understanding of them to survive the trial period .
If you close the pages too quickly and hit signup , an error message ‘ take the time to read FAQ and rules ’ will be displayed .
You need to correctly answer all 3 BitTorrent related questions on signup page .
Get any one of them wrong and you will only be able to try again after 12 hours .
Your password must be at least 8 characters long .
Signup URL and site homepage details are as follows :
Site Name : iPLAY ( http://www.iplay.ro/)
Signup URL : Visit http://www.iplay.ro/login.php and click on ‘ Trial Account ’ button .
Note that trials registration will likely be open for a very limited time – get in while you can .
Related Articles
Mario Testino is an overrated fashion photographer ….he does a series with every woman he shoots for fashion of them in their shower , you know because he gets in there nice and intimate with them , and he ’s been around such a long time that the newcomers to the game just participate in his shit …
Bianca Balti is not a newcomer at all … she ’s an Italian ….
but more importantly … she ’s 32 years old .. which is 100 in model years … but more importantly she ’s got a daughter – or two daughters with two different men , I guess the first one was n’t rich enough ….. but a mom of two in all women years makes her vagina 100 years old …
But luckily that does n’t stop us men from wanting to fuck it , you know there ’s dudes out there fucking 1000 year old women who are n’t rich hot models I call 100 years old because they ’ve shat our children and are in their 30s …
I ’m talking leathery , saggy skin , falling apart … half dead 100 year olds … who smell like mothballs … wso I guess this towel pic is n’t a bad thing to everyone …
Here ’s her mom ass for some clothing brand … and it ’s good …
Bianca Balti in a Towel of the Day
Posted in : Bianca Balti|SFW
After a series of air raids targeting by Turkish fighter jets on rebel hideouts of the Kurdistan Workers ' party ( PKK ) in northern Iraq , the group has threatened to launch attack on cities across Turkey .
" We will take our operations to all Turkish cities if the government continues its attacks against us , " PKK spokesman Ahmed Denis told AFP news agency on Saturday .
" Turkey wants to take us towards war , " he said .
" She is not sincere in dealing with the Kurdish issue and does n't want to deal with this issue peacefully . "
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has vowed that the threats would have no effect on his country 's determination to fight the PKK .
" Our fight will continue until the terrorist organization has been annihilated , " said Erdogan .
According to Turkey 's military headquarters , the PKK militants touched off the fighting with an attack on an army unit near the southeastern border with Iraq .
The PKK claimed responsibility for the early morning raid on a military post near the city of Semdinli , which killed eight Turkish soldiers .
Twelve rebels were killed and a further 14 injured in the clash .
In response , the Turkish Air Force " struck targets identified in the northern region of Iraq , " a statement on the military 's website said .
Two Turkish soldiers were also killed after stepping on a landmine in Hakkari .
At Sunday 's funeral services for the Turkish soldiers , Erdogan said the rebels would never win and that they would " drown in their own blood . "
End of ceasefire
The Turkish military warned on Friday that the PKK could intensify its operations over the summer , when warmer weather brings out more PKK guerrillas from the mountains of northern Iraq .
Several thousand rebels are based there .
Turkish Kurds demonstrate in support of Kurdish rebels in October 2009
The PKK said this month that they had scrapped a year - old unilateral ceasefire and resumed attacks against Turkish forces because of military operations against PKK targets in northern Iraq .
The ceasefire started as the Turkish government worked on plans to boost Kurdish rights under a reform package designed to end the conflict .
However , the reform process has faltered .
The rebel group has been branded as terrorists by Turkey , the United States and the European Union .
They say they want greater rights and autonomy for Turkey 's estimated 12 to 15 million Kurds .
The PKK also demand an ethnic homeland for Kurds in Turkey 's southeast .
More than 40,000 people have been killed in the insurgency against the Turkish state since the PKK campaign was launched in 1984 .
Author : Nigel Tandy , Catherine Bolsover ( Reuters / AFP/dpa )
Editor : Ian Johnson
From GMMF1 is considering a radical innovation for 2011 in order to make overtaking much easier .
Technical bosses of the twelve teams met at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve on Friday , where it was agreed that the adjustable front wings will be scrapped at the end of the season .
Instead , drivers will next year be able to adjust the angle - by a factor of 50 mm - of the rear wings , meaning that straight - line speed can be dramatically increased when the cars are not negotiating corners .
The intriguing twist , designed exclusively to boost overtaking , is that only chasing drivers will be able to adjust their cars ' wings .
A green light will shine in the cockpit when a car is close enough to the rear of his rival , thereby allowing the driver to trigger the rear wing button .
The systems will not be available to drivers during the first three laps of a race , but the wings may be triggered after a safety car period .
" Why do we need KERS now ?
The overtaking wings will be enough ! "
Red Bull team boss Christian Horner joked to Germany 's Auto Motor und Sport . "
Spare a thought for Mike Phelps of Somerset , a Daily Mail letters page correspondent dreading the prospect of having to sit through dreary World Cup fixtures such as ' Bongo Bongoland v the Former Soviet Republic of Bulimia '
In 1930 , Fifa staged the inaugural edition of the World Cup , a festival of football bringing together 13 nations in the glamorous city of Montevideo .
Meanwhile the Daily Mail was embarking on a decade which would see it rain editorial plaudits on both Adolf Hitler 's Nazi party and Italy 's fascist dictator Benito Mussolini .
Eighty years on , the World Cup can no longer be contained within a single city , 32 teams now competing for the prize .
Conversely , the Mail 's horizons have , if anything , shrunk .
Today , whichever goon edits the newspaper 's letters page chose to run the missive above .
Whether anyone has the right to castigate Mr Phelps for his bilious and aggressively unpleasant personal opinions is a moot philosophical point .
But what is certain is that the Mail and its letters editor should know better than to publish hate speech .
In their defence , however , Mr Phelps ' letter does at least fit in with the general editorial tone of the page .
The letter printed directly afterwards relates the tragic tale of a man from the Home Counties who has been forced to listen to a Northern Irish accent :
I can't understand the popularity of the woman on The One Show on BBC1 each evening [ Christine Bleakley ] .
Her accent is almost indecipherable .
Lord Reith must be turning in his grave .
Jonathan M Balcon
Tunbridge Wells , Kent
Nurse !
Quick !
Quintuple gin for Balcon !
Archaeologists begin dig on buried stone circle TEN times bigger than Stonehenge
Archaeologists have begun a major dig to unearth the hidden mysteries of a buried ancient stone circle site that is ten times bigger than Stonehenge .
The enormous 4,000 year old Marden Henge , in Wiltshire , is Britain 's largest prehistoric structure stretching for 10.5 hectares , the equivalent of 10 football pitches .
English Heritage is carrying out a six - week dig hoping to reveal the secrets behind the giant henge which has baffled historians for centuries .
Most of the Neolithic henge has been destroyed over the years due to farming and erosion but minor excavations in 41 years ago estimate the site to between 2,000 and 2,400BC .
Archaeologists are due to begin digging at the 4,000 year old Marden Henge , in Wiltshire
Marden Henge was once a 45 ft high mound surrounded by a water filled ditch which was used for sacrificial offerings .
Although the henge no longer has its vast stone circle it has a large puzzling sunken circular feature which is almost unheard of at Neolithic sites .
A team of 15 archaeologists and historians believe the dig could show the ancient site is even more significant than both Stonehenge and Avebury stone circles .
Archaeologist Jim Leary , 34 , said : ' Virtually nothing is known about this vast circle .
We are starting from point zero .
' Marden Henge deserves to be understood more partly because of its size , but also due to its proximity to the more famous stone circles at Avebury and Stonehenge .
' The relationship between the latter two sites - chronology of their construction , whether it is built by the same people , how they were used , is of immense interest .
' How Marden relates to them is another layer of interest which we want to study .
' We are potentially looking at a much more intricate system of Neolithic ritual sites in this part of the world than we previously thought .
' The study of Prehistory is entering a very exciting phase with lots of fascinating research and dating techniques emerging .
' The stunning discovery of Neolithic houses at Durrington Walls near Stonehenge a few years ' ago , for example , has really turned things on its head .
' We certainly hope that this excavation will bring more pieces of the puzzle to light . '
Stonehenge on Salisbury Plain , Wiltshire .
Marden
Henge has lost its stone circle but scientists are confident they will find some remnant of the ancient circle beneath the surface
The dig is the culmination of a two year English Heritage project including aerial , topographic and geophysical surveys .
It has not been touched since an investigation in 1969 by Professor Geoffrey Wainwright which dated the henge from fragments of deer antler found in the area .
Marden Henge is situated near to the source of the River Avon , in Marden , north of Devizes , between Avebury and Stonehenge and close to ancient Silbury Hill .
The henge comprises a well - preserved bank covering 10.5 hectares and an internal ditch .
Unlike Stonehenge and Avebury or Castlerigg , in Cumbria , Marden Henge no longer has any surviving stone monuments .
All that has remained is the evidence of a huge mound similar to a smaller at the centre of the henge , which collapsed in 1806 and was completely levelled by 1817 .
Most experts now believe that significant ceremonial or ritual activity occurred within the ditches .
Archaeologists aim to find remnants of the Neolithic age within the remains of the mound .
The entire site is around 15 hectares and set within surrounding fields covering 40 hectares .
The dig began on Monday this week and will continue until August .
( CNN ) --
Drug cartels are making direct death threats to U.S. law enforcement officials in Nogales , Arizona , the police chief there told CNN .
The threats began less than two weeks ago , after off - duty police officers from the Nogales police department seized several hundred pounds of marijuana from a drug smuggling operation they stumbled upon while horseback riding in the eastern fringes of Nogales , the chief said .
The smugglers in the incident managed to flee into Mexico before they could be detained , Nogales Police Chief Jeffrey Kirkham told CNN .
" We are taking the threats very seriously , " Kirkham told CNN .
" We have received information from informants who work in Mexico that the drug cartel running that operation was unhappy about our seizure .
They told our informant that they understand uniformed police officers have a job to do , but anyone out of uniform who gets involved in their operation will be targeted . "
" America is based on freedom .
We 're not going to be intimidated by the threats , but we are taking them seriously .
I 've told my officers if they venture into that area off duty to be armed , " Kirkham said .
The U.S. Customs and Border Protection sent an increased presence to the area where the bust happened , Kirkham said .
It was unclear which cartel was making the threats against the Nogales police department , but Kirkham said there is a turf war on the other side of the border in Nogales Sonora , Mexico , between the Sinaloa cartel and the Juarez cartel .
Kirkham said he was unaware of cartels trying to bribe or extort his police officers , but he did say cartel 's are using the same tactics on U.S. law enforcement that they do on local law enforcement in Mexico .
In May , a former sheriff 's deputy in nearby Santa Cruz County -- 29 - year - old former deputy Jesus R. Contreras -- and another man were arrested on federal drug - smuggling and gun charges .
Local reports said Contreras was wearing a police uniform when he tried smuggling five kilograms of cocaine through a checkpoint on March 2 .
Click to share on Tumblr ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Pinterest ( Opens in new window )
Click to email this to a friend ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Reddit ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on LinkedIn ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Facebook ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Twitter ( Opens in new window )
The Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico may already be the worst environmental disaster the United States has ever faced — and with the severed riser pipe at the ocean floor still gushing tens of thousands of barrels of oil a day , it ’s undoubtedly one whose effects will carry forward for many years to come .
It ’s agonizing to watch from the sidelines as the crisis plays out .
Organizations close to the situation point to the many opportunities to help , but urgent questions still hang in the air :
What will the long - term consequences to marine life be ?
How will coastal communities weather the economic impact ?
Until practical energy alternatives to oil are developed , how can we improve our technology to prevent future disasters like this ?
On June 28 , the global TEDx community will try to find solutions .
All around the world , TEDsters will participate in day - long events aimed at addressing the crisis .
Centered around the free , live webcast of TEDxOilSpill in Washington , DC ( 9 am - 6 pm EST ) , these satellite events will feature discussions on mitigating the effects of the spill , seeking energy alternatives to oil , and improving global policy to prevent mistakes and lay the foundation for a more stable future .
TEDxOilSpill ’s speaker lineup will feature TEDsters such as Sylvia Earle , Philippe Cousteau and David Gallo , and the program will highlight exclusive images produced by a team of videographers and photographers on the scene now uncovering hidden issues faced by residents , relief workers and wildlife in the Gulf .
( TEDxOilSpill is partnering with several organizations , including the World Wildlife Fund , National Geographic , National Public Radio , the United States Departments of State and Energy , Mission Blue , TED and others . )
Get involved with TEDxOilSpill
Host ( or attend ) an event in your community
Individuals all around the world are organizing viewing events centered around the TEDxOilSpill live stream .
A listing of all public events is available at Meetup.com / TEDxOilSpill .
Join an event — or create your own .
Attend TEDxOilSpill in Washington , DC
TEDxOilSpill will be held on June 28 , 2010 at the International Trade Center Amphitheater in Washington , DC , from 9 am - 6 pm EST .
Register now >>
Event details are here .
Total seating is limited to 500 individuals — if you ’d like to attend , do n’t wait !
Watch the live stream
A live webcast of TEDxOilSpill will be made available , for free , to viewers all around the world who have access to a broadband Internet connection .
The stream begins at 9 am EST on June 28th .
Share with family , friends , co-workers — and do n’t forget to join the conversation on Twitter and Facebook .
Follow the TEDxOilSpill expedition to the Gulf
TED ’s conference photographer James Duncan Davidson is traveling to the Gulf of Mexico with a team of photographers and videographers to document what ’s going on off - and on - shore .
( He ’ll bring the images and stories to TEDxOilSpill . )
Look for updates about the expedition on the TED Blog — and on Duncan ’s blog — in the next days .
Join the conversation / Spread the word
Follow @TEDxOilSpill on Twitter
Join Facebook.com /TEDxOilSpill
Watch for updates on the TEDx Blog
Learn more about TEDx
For more information , email tedxoilspill@tedxmidatlantic.com and visit TEDxOilSpill.com .
Register to attend the event in DC >>
Una de las salas del Museo Nacional de Antropología Foto María Luisa Severiano
El sitio web del recinto estará terminado en diciembre , adelanta Diana Magaloni
El propósito es captar públicos de diversas latitudes , explica su directora a La Jornada
Se difundirá la etnografía de los pueblos originarios que participarán en los festejos patrios
ZOMBIE AWARENESS MONTH �
May is Zombie Awareness Month .
Many films important to the evolution of the modern zombie are set in the month of May , from the original Night of the Living Dead , 1968 , to the well received Dawn of The Dead remake of 2004 .
Also , because Spring naturally brings with it a sense of renewal and hopefulness , May is the perfect month to emphasize continued vigilance in the face of the coming zombie pandemic .
Gray Ribbon
Supporters of Zombie Awareness
Month wear a gray ribbon to signify the undead shadows that lurk behind our modern light of day .
From May 1 through May 31 , concerned citizens take this small step to acknowledge the coming danger .
Why Not October ?
Despite common misconceptions , zombies - and the threat they represent - are not connected with the late October pagan tradition of Halloween .
Witches , ghouls and vampires , all Halloween staples , are otherworldly creatures of old , filled with mysticism and superstition .
Zombies , on the other hand , are biological entities , made of flesh and blood , and functioning under the same laws of science and reason that all worldly beings must .
Figures revealed to Education Guardian show a huge increase in spending on Ritalin .
Are teachers doing all they could to help children without drugs ?
Leon Perry is in trouble for insulting his teacher .
Fidgeting on a chair in the assistant head 's office of Queen 's Park community school ( QPCS ) in north London , the 13 - year - old admits he skipped his medication the day the trouble started .
" I can get a bit hyperactive when I come off , " he says .
" I 'll be honest , I can be violent .
When I 'm on my tablet , I think before I act , when I 'm off , I think after .
If teachers get on my nerves , I 'll say what I want .
When I 'm on my tablet , I can't be bothered . "
Leon has been taking Ritalin since he was diagnosed with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) when he was six .
He 's not alone .
According to data obtained exclusively by Education Guardian under Freedom of Information legislation , there has been a 65 % increase in spending on drugs to treat ADHD over the last four years .
Such treatments now cost the taxpayer over £ 31 m a year . *
With such a vast increase in figures , a growing number of academics are raising concerns that some teachers are either recommending these drugs as an easy alternative to dealing with bad behaviour , or simply turning a blind eye to those on medication when they should be investigating the root cause of their problems .
In the worst cases , schools have been known to put significant pressure on students or their parents to seek the medication .
Take Leon .
He insists he did n't want to start taking Ritalin .
His mum did n't want him to , either .
It was his last school that gave him an ultimatum : go on the drug and act with more respect , or leave the school .
Seven years later , he still relies on Concerta Exel – a slow - release form of Ritalin – to control his moods .
" I know it helps me in some ways , but I hate taking it , " he says , " There are days when I deliberately avoid it .
You just do n't feel yourself , you feel so drained out .
It makes you feel disgusted and down .
Like you 've got no soul or something .
My mum does n't want me to take it , but what can she do ?
She wants me to get an education . "
The drugs most frequently prescribed for ADHD are atomoxetine , dexamfetamine and methylphenidate3 – the last most commonly known by the brand name Ritalin .
Since ADHD first gained recognition as a medical condition in the mid-1980s , professionals have argued over the use of such drugs .
Some believe they treat a legitimate problem .
Others , such as education expert Dr Gwynedd Lloyd from the University of Edinburgh , refuse to acknowledge that ADHD is even a medical condition .
" You can't do a blood test to check whether you 've got ADHD – it 's diagnosed through a behavioural checklist , " says Lloyd .
" Getting out of your seat and running about is an example –half the kids in a school could qualify under that criterion .
I know a lot of children have genuine difficulties , and some of these are biological , but most are social and cultural . "
The growth in popularity of the drugs throws up serious questions for teachers .
There may be a variety of causes for a child 's challenging behaviour .
Leon , for example , has had problems at home after his mother found it difficult to cope with him .
But with huge pressure on time and resources – pressure that is only likely to increase in the current economic climate – teachers have fewer incentives to investigate the root causes of disruptive behaviour .
" Ideally , schools would prefer to offer intensive one - to - one support , but if the resources are limited – which they usually are – then we 're pushed into a choice between medication or exclusion , " says Tim Bown , assistant head at QPCS .
" Hearing a student say that a drug ' takes away his soul ' does n't sit comfortably with us as a school , but permanent exclusion does n't , either .
There is no doubt his behaviour becomes more aggressive and disruptive when he comes off . "
Although some doctors are more inclined to recommend the medication than others , Ritalin is fairly accessible through the NHS , although GPs have to refer the patient to a specialist before the initial prescription can be given .
Many professionals do not take the recommended step of checking whether ADHD behaviour is exhibited at school as well as at home before signing off the medication .
Getting these decisions right is essential , because ADHD drugs can have significant side - effects , and the long - term effects of them on very young children whose brains are still developing remains unclear .
Twenty - one - year - old Mikaela Green knows all about the costs and benefits of Ritalin .
Mikaela sought the diagnosis herself when she was 18 , after severe disruption at school .
" The drugs helped me gain more control over my moods , " she says .
" I was a lot more focused and I did n't get distracted or distract others .
I was far less impulsive – I would n't shout in lessons and my family life improved . "
But after three years on the drug , she wants to come off .
" They 're not physically addictive , but I do feel dependent on them .
If you 've not had enough sleep they keep you going , if you 're low they pick you up .
I 'm worried that if I stop taking them my world might fall apart .
" There are physical effects , too .
For a good year they suppressed my appetite – and for an 18 - year - old girl that 's easy to abuse .
I got involuntary muscle twitches because I was n't sleeping or eating enough .
I have to take sleeping pills now .
" Sometimes I think they make me more ADHD .
If I take it in its pure form I get something I call ' Ritalin golden hour ' when I can talk solidly the whole time , a bit like I 'm on speed .
I might have got some advantages out of the drug , but I would n't recommend it for younger children . "
Schools like Queen 's Park are doing their best to avoid medication .
Employing several counsellors and psychotherapists , QPCS is participating in the Marlborough project , which is part of the Brent delivery of Targeted Mental Health in School ( TaMHS ) .
This invites challenging students and their parents to discuss poor behaviour once a week after school .
Leon says the targets he is set there have helped him to improve .
But as Bown points out , although there are only a handful of pupils at QPCS who need this service , it 's still incredibly resource - intensive .
" All schools are facing cuts and it may well be these sorts of services – therapists , councillors , mentors – that will be the targets because , understandably , schools do n't want to lose teachers . "
This is n't the only economic incentive for choosing medication over other treatment methods .
Parents whose children are diagnosed with ADHD are eligible for disability living allowance , and drugs companies can make huge profits from selling solutions to children 's problems .
According to Dr Lloyd , the explosion of ADHD diagnoses in the mid-1990s corresponded with an increase in marketing from US drugs companies , which felt they 'd saturated the American market .
No records are currently kept about how many young people are on these drugs in the UK , and little research has been done into what the future might hold for them .
Talk to Mikaela and Leon , however , and both of them want to reduce their intake .
" It 's difficult to accept that without medication you 're not good to be around , " says Mikaela .
" But I need to figure out what I 'm really like .
I might be worried about coming off , but I 'm not sure I 'm comfortable saying I am who I am because of medication . "
Some names have been changed
* The figures of 65 % and £ 31 m do not include prescriptions dispensed in the private sector .
They also do not include prescriptions that are dispensed from hospital pharmacies .
These figures include all prescriptions for methylphenidate , which are sometimes used to treat narcolepsy as well as ADHD .
However , this would be for a very small number of patients , and is unlikely to distort the figures .
The figures may also include prescriptions for some older ADHD patients who have remained on the drugs since their youth , but researchers say the vast majority of these users are likely to be young people .
Despite various mobile graphics solutions making laptops a little better at slinging pixels while maintaining great battery life ( Ion Optimus , etc. ) , sometimes you have ready access to an AC outlet and just want to get your game on .
This is a situation that external graphics adapters are looking to manage , and while we 've seen a variety of official options in the pipeline we just had to share this rather unofficial solution from HardForum member Cyclone .
He took an $ 85 PCIe to ExpressCard adapter , slotted in a 2GB Radeon HD 5850 , added a 550 watt power supply , and connected it all to his Lenovo T410s .
The result ?
A " major pain in the ass " to configure , apparently , but it bumped his 3DMark06 score from a 1,720 on integrated graphics to a 12,765 !
That 's a bit low compared to running that card in a dedicated gaming rig , as it's being forced to run at 1 x over ExpressCard , but it is impressive regardless , and a possible option for anyone looking to turn their portable into a rather more grounded gaming machine .
[ Thanks , Chris R. ]
( CNN ) --
The mothers of U.S. hikers held by Iran said a magazine article that contradicts government claims they crossed the border before their arrests is " concerning " and raises many questions .
The article written for the July 12 edition of The Nation cites two witnesses who said they saw members of Iran 's national police force cross the border into northern Iraq to apprehend Shane Bauer , Sarah Shourd and Josh Fattal .
" The witnesses , who followed the Western - looking hikers out of curiosity , say that around 2 p.m. on July 31 ( 2009 ) , as the hikers descended the mountain , uniformed guards from NAJA , Iran 's national police force , waved the hikers toward the Iranian side using ' threatening ' and ' menacing ' gestures , " the article says .
" When their calls were ignored , one officer fired a round into the air .
As the hikers continued to hesitate , the guards walked a few yards into Iraqi territory , where they lack jurisdiction , and apprehended them , " according to the article .
Bauer has previously denied government claims that the hikers crossed into Iranian territory .
The Nation : U.S. hikers were seized in Iraq
The witnesses are residents of a Kurdish village in northern Iraq called Zalem , according to the story written by Babak Sarfaraz , a pseudonym for a journalist in Iran .
Since the community lies a few miles from the Iranian border , they asked not to be identified , fearing retaliation from Iranian forces , the article said .
The magazine said its reporting was based on a five - month investigation .
CNN could not independently confirm the story and a senior State Department official said the agency can't corroborate the report .
" It was very concerning for me to see the details of this , " Cindy Hickey , Bauer 's mother , told CNN .
" It sends a shudder down my spine . "
" All of this is still mysterious , " said Nora Shourd .
" This raises a lot of questions for us . "
The three Americans have been held for nearly a year .
Their mothers visited them in Iran in May .
Last week , the women said the Iranian government should either prosecute or free the three .
In a statement , the mothers also called for more consular access for their children and for them to be able to call their families .
They also asked that Shourd be moved from solitary confinement .
" Shane , Sarah and Josh have been detained in Iran without due process for almost 11 months , in continued violation of Iranian and international law , " the mothers said .
" To continue to detain our children without regard for their legal and human rights reinforces suspicions that they are being held in a cynical attempt by Iran to exert leverage with the United States .
Iran has no legitimate reason at this stage not to release them or move forward with a fair trial in which our children can openly answer any allegations against them . "
CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Ross Levitt and Elise Labott contributed to this report .
Los padres no son los únicos responsables de vigilar la alimentación de estudiantes , señala
Mejorar la calidad de productos en planteles es una medida de protección sanitaria , afirma
DID ISRAEL GIVE US THE DISEASE TO SELL US THE CURE ?
By Gordon Duff STAFF WRITER / Senior Editor
“ Would you go to a doctor who worked in a germ warfare lab ?
Would you hire a check forger to work in a bank ?
Would you hire a child molester to watch your kids ?
Well , we have hired Israel to watch our ports , our nuclear facilities , our airports and much more , a country we know for certain will give us a phony video , an altered container scan or a falsified radiation reading if it serves their purpose . ”
This week we learned that Israel had staged scenes from the Freedom Flotilla attack using actors and a common Hollywood special effects , called “ double negative . ”
The actors were shown standing among peaceful humanitarian workers , waving weapons around .
This became a problem when the stage Israel used was n’t quite the same .
We ended up with a film showing our Israeli “ terrorists ” walking through solid steel time and time again .
Israelis film industry has been suffering of late .
Even the phony bin Laden videos have given over to audio .
The new bin Laden they use was doing Marlboro commercials in Egypt before they took him on .
It is a given that Israel has destroyed any credibility it once had .
It is one thing when a cheap set up job is leaked but this one was sent out special delivery Government of the State of Israel , stamped all over it .
This was pure suicide .
Only idiots that want to be fooled , polticians in the pocket of AIPAC and Fox News were really taken in .
Frankly , with no integrity to sacrifice in the first place , humiliation is impossible anyway .
With the “ news cycle ” such as it is , a new massacre or terrorist bombing could happen at any time .
As Israel needs one quickly , it is quite possible we may get one .
I guess I never thought that any country would go as far as to place people , spawned just like in a video game , in something used as vital evidence supporting Israel as “ defending themselves . ”
Not much hope of making that dog hunt anymore .
Maybe that dog never should have been tossed in a well at birth .
Israel ’s continual rantings about terrorism might all have been movie magic from day one .
We now have to go back decades and look for photos and videos that are now likely to have all been altered like the films Israel sent of the dancing Palestinians on 9/11 .
Nothing was altered on these , they were simply many years old , just like the still photos of weapons Israel claimed they found on the Freedom Flotilla , photos with digital signatures from as early as 2006 .
What Israel has presented to us as “ self defense ” is now an act of terrorism .
I do n’t know if putting armed terrorists in a film , Israeli actors dressed up with steel waving steel rods around , is a crime but it should be .
Were there any question , the films make it clear .
What we need to know is why has falsifying evidence of terrorist acts become an industry in Israel , a nation that handles the security , including the video security , of most world airports , including nearly all airports in the United States ?
Would you go to a doctor who worked in a germ warfare lab ?
Would you hire a check forger to work in a bank ?
Would you hire a child molester to watch your kids ?
Well , we have hired Israel to watch our ports , our nuclear facilities , our airports and much more , a country we know for certain will give us a phony video , an altered container scan or a falsified radiation reading if it serves their purpose .
Think of the Americans continually piping on about Israel as our ally , the great democracy , the bastion of liberty in the Middle East .
Even the ill named Simon Wiesenthal Center or ADL , issuing a mass fatwa declaring the entire population of the planet either anti-Semites or “ self hating Jews ” or a combination of both wo n’t get them past this one .
Israel already killed off their “ Auschwitz ” card when they were caught dubbing “ Go Back to Auschwitz ” over the screams for help from Flotilla wounded , like ventriloquists .
We have even heard that Israel is now telling the Palestinians to go back to “ Gazauschwitz . ”
Odd sense of humor .
There is no doubt America was burned in the flood of intelligence received from Israel after 9/11 .
“ Their ” agenda , a long history of grudges , was settled at the cost of thousands of American lives , lives still being lost .
A question comes to mind , why develop an industry for falsifying evidence of terrorism ?
What comes to mind at first is , of course , that Israel has a multi-billion dollar industry in selling security equipment and services , managed by Mossad personnel who are allowed now to work in the private sector and still actively serve their government .
But does it go deeper ?
If you can and will , as Israel has shown us , add people into videos , then you can also remove them .
When we see videos of “ Arab terrorists ” planting bombs or firing weapons as in Mumbai , what else are we not seeing ?
Have the players been switched ?
Have some people been removed ?
Why ?
Thus far we have seen proof that Israel creates phony passports from any country and moves agents where they choose .
We have also seen videos altered to cover the murder of innocent civilians .
From this we can guess that when we see a video of a rock throwing teen being shot it may well have been a child carrying school books instead .
This is exactly the kind of thing done with the videos from the Freedom Flotilla and no reasonable person could imagine that Israel sat on this 35 year old technology without ever using it .
Were phony videos and agents using falsified passports used to cover the 7/7 bombings in London ?
A curious set of circumstances involving the Netanyahu visit , alterations of his plans to avoid areas under attack bring the videos showing “ Arab looking ” suspects under suspicion .
Now we know it could have been anyone or no one , the bombs could have been planted at any time and remotely activated .
Once you take that step into deception or the moment you are caught doing something you may have done for decades , you ca n’t close that door again .
Most intelligence professionals recognize that a significant percentage of Israelis who do business around the world are employed by their intelligence agencies .
Many of these individuals carry Australian , German or British passports , many more seem to be Arabs , speaking local dialects with perfection .
Many American contracting companies have had Israeli agents placed among their employees as have UN NGO organizations , many well know charities and , of course , the press .
However , the majority are employed in selling , installing , maintaining equipment in high security installations or , in fact managing the installations themselves , providing broad services .
This is , as it were , the rub .
Stipol Airport in Amsterdam , the airport the Detroit “ Crotch Bomber ” hurried through with no passport was an Israeli run facility .
Where were the videos showing who our terrorist met with while in Shipol , an airport with the broadest high definition video of any facility outside Israel ?
Oh , the video is missing , it disappeared , the Israeli company running the airport misplaced it .
Was n’t there time to cut in a pack of dancing Palestinians who could have been shown strapping a bomb to his “ johnson ? ”
They could have all been carrying steel bars and walked right through the airport walls to get there .
When they left , they might have just disolved through the floor like vampires .
Times Square was supposed to get us to forget the Mossad fiasco in Detroit , another airport managed by Israelis .
When the Indian passenger picked out by the bomb dogs was taken into custody , where did that video go ?
What was his name ?
Did he simply disappear ?
Was he sent back to Israel like the dancing Israeli video crew on 9/11 ?
When the government of Yemen reported that the “ Al Qaeda ” operatives , you remember , the ones Dick Cheney released from Guantanamo , had been in contact with Israeli handlers , where did that story go ?
Yemen has their laptops , filled to the brim with helpful hints on running operations , Mossad style .
The issue then is one of trust .
Can an airport be guarded by the same people who shuffle assassins and terrorists through airports ?
Can we accept a group of special effect clowns to handle video security footage that we may end up going to war over ?
No matter how cheaply priced or how nicely packaged the stolen American technology being offered is , should n’t it matter who we do business with ?
Author Details Author Details Gordon Duff , Senior Editor Gordon Duff is a Marine combat veteran of the Vietnam War .
He is a disabled veteran and has worked on veterans and POW issues for decades .
Gordon is an accredited diplomat and is generally accepted as one of the top global intelligence specialists .
He manages the world ’s largest private intelligence organization and regularly consults with governments challenged by security issues .
Duff has traveled extensively , is published around the world and is a regular guest on TV and radio in more than “ several ” countries .
He is also a trained chef , wine enthusiast , avid motorcyclist and gunsmith specializing in historical weapons and restoration .
Business experience and interests are in energy and defense technology .
Gordon ’s Latest Posts
by Randall S. Hansen , Ph.D .
Advice for both employers and Gen Y workers and job - seekers on dealing with negative perceptions and misconceptions about Generation Y , the Millennials .
It 's important to preface this article by stating that people are individuals and that while it is sometimes efficient for experts to place people into generational groups for analysis , in the end , even with certain common traits and behaviors , individuals must be judged on their own merits .
That said , as a new crop of college graduates hits the workforce , it 's important -- both for the job - seekers and for prospective employers -- to read this article .
For the college grads , it 's helpful to understand how hiring managers and future co-workers may perceive them .
For hiring managers , it 's useful to cut through stereotypes and misconceptions about this generation .
Generation Y. The Millennials .
The Tech / Net / Digital Generation .
Boomlets .
Echo Boomers .
We 've given this generation of people -- roughly those born between the late 1970's and the late 1990's and 72 million or so strong -- many names , but none so hurtful as the Entitlement Generation .
They 've also been called arrogant , self - centered , and possessing a short attention span .
This article , playing off the infamous Rolling Stone campaign , discusses 10 perceptions of Generation Y workers -- and then corrects or adjusts those perceptions with the reality behind each .
Also included in each of the 10 misconceptions is advice for both employers and for Gen Y workers and job - seekers .
Generation Y Perception : Spoiled / Entitled
Reality :
To an extent , the folks in this generation do have a sense of entitlement , but it 's not an entirely inherent personality flaw but partly the fault of Baby Boomer parents who coddled their children , constantly telling them how special they were and that anything they sought was possible , and rewarding them for every little thing , providing trophies and prizes simply for participating .
These parents stunted their children 's growth by proactively removing all obstacles and potentially negative experiences .
So , yes , on the surface Generation Y workers appear entitled .
The key for employers is approaching younger workers differently , providing constructive criticism that reflects confidence in them .
Generation Y workers must realize that their bosses are not going to be like their parents , and that part of growing as an employee is learning from past mistakes and accepting constructive criticism .
Generation Y Perception : Lazy
Reality : Technology has allowed this generation to multitask and find shortcuts in achieving tasks .
Texting , instant messaging , social networking , and Web surfing have all made Generation Y workers more competent , efficient , and productive ( if not sometimes overwhelmed ) .
The key for employers is to accept that there may be multiple ways for workers to accomplish their tasks .
Generation Y workers may need to demonstrate that they are working just as hard as everyone else , but perhaps simply performing the job more efficiently .
Generation Y Perception : Poor Work Ethic
Reality : Generation Y is the first generation to expect -- from day one -- employers to realize there is more to life than work .
Just as many Baby Boomers are now discovering later in their careers , Generation Y sees work as a means to enjoy life -- and life comes first .
They have a strong work ethic -- just not in a 9 - 5 sort of way .
Generation Y wants work to be fun and flexible because the line between work and life is seamless .
( In other words , there is no such thing as work - life balance because it 's all just one thing . )
Generation Y also follows a mantra of working smarter , not harder .
Generation Y is the first generation to expect — from day one — employers to realize there is more to life than work .
The key for employers is offering flexible work schedules , adjusting the belief that workers need to " put in the hours at the desk " to be effective , and developing a work culture that is pleasant and positive .
Generation Y workers may need to readjust some attitudes about work , especially for entry - level positions in which workers have traditionally been expect to work long hours to earn their due .
Generation Y Perception : Little Respect for Authority
Reality :
While some people refer to this cohort of people as Generation
Why for a reason , it is not so much an issue of a lack of respect for authority as much as it is that this group has been raised by their parents to question everything and raise questions when they do n't understand something .
This generation is very independent and not afraid to challenge the status - quo .
Many in Generation Y want a relationship with their boss like the ones they have with their parents .
It 's not that these folks have little respect for authority ; on the contrary , they feel employers do not respect them .
The key for employers is realizing that asking questions can often lead to answers and solutions that are actually more efficient and effective .
Unlike with any other set of workers in the past , employers must also provide more autonomy -- and trust Gen Y workers to complete the work .
Generation Y workers should learn to choose battles carefully , not question every single decision made , and give employers a chance to adapt to their style of work .
Generation Y Perception : Too Self - Centered and Individualistic
Reality : This iPod Generation ( named such because iPod commercials focus on individuality while selling the product to every Gen Y ) works well in groups and teams -- especially with people their own age -- but they also have been taught the value of individuality and independent thinking .
They see themselves as unique individuals -- not tied to any specific labels .
And unlike any previous generation , these workers do not plan to let their jobs define who they are .
The key for employers is finding the right mix of individual and team projects that allow these workers to grow professionally .
Generation Y workers need to realize that almost all work will be some combination of individual assignments and teamwork with people of all backgrounds and ages .
Generation Y Perception : Overinflated / Unrealistic Expectations
Reality :
While this generation may be more anxious than others to rise quickly to the top , it 's less about unrealistic expectations than it is about being better prepared for work than previous generations -- with perhaps a touch of the need for instant gratification thrown in .
This generation also has no interest whatsoever in working in a cubicle -- not because it is beneath them , but because they feel advances in technology should let them be able to choose to work from home , Starbucks , or anywhere there is a Wi -Fi connection .
While this generation may be more anxious than others to rise quickly to the top , it ’s less about unrealistic expectations than it is about being better prepared for work than previous generations
The key for employers is to redesign and rebuild some of the old career ladders that were destroyed with the flattening of organizations and greatly expand telecommuting and remote working arrangements .
Gen Y workers need to see a progressive promotion path or they will move on to the next employer .
Generation Y workers should learn to pace themselves and gain the necessary experience and skills before expecting a promotion to the next level .
Generation Y Perception : Not Committed to Work
Reality :
This generation is the most educated workforce ever , and partly because of this level of education , Generation Y workers believe their work should have meaning .
These folks quote from Office Space and have a mistrust of management .
More than ever , these workers are seeking greater fulfillment and are only willing to work hard at jobs that provide it .
The key for employers is changing the way they view work and employees -- and it may also mean that to keep Gen Y workers , they may need to not only develop better jobs , but also consider strong corporate values and corporate volunteering programs .
Employers also need to clearly show how the work Gen Ys complete directly impacts the organization 's success .
Generation Y workers should conduct more research on prospective employers to find organizations that not only have meaningful career paths , but also share some of the same values .
Generation Y Perception : No Loyalty to Employers
Reality : Because of more work experiences and greater education , Gen Y workers are simply more mobile , making it easier to move from one employer to another if they are unhappy with the work .
They were also raised during a period of great downsizing and rightsizing , and many witnessed the grief and frustration their parents felt when being laid off -- and they do not want to experience that emotion .
These are also some of the reasons why many Gen Y workers are diligently planning to start their own businesses .
The key for employers is to develop a stronger commitment to keeping employees -- even in bad economic times -- and also to do a better job in training and retaining workers , possibly including such benefits as sabbaticals , professional development opportunities , and other options for Gen Y workers seeking deeper fulfillment .
Generation Y workers should try to not be so skeptical about the motives of employers and learn to trust them more while continuing their professional development as a hedge against any downturns .
Generation Y Perception : Lacking in Social Skills
Reality : Generation Y are some of the most social of any generational cohort ; it 's just that they communicate and socialize much differently from the rest of us .
The key for employers is to realize and accept that people communicate differently and to embrace the new techniques while also teaching the Gen Y workers that business sometimes still needs to use traditional methods of communication .
Generation Y are some of the most social of any generational cohort ; it ’s just that they communicate and socialize much differently from the rest of us .
Generation Y workers need to use those excellent communications and diversity skills to learn to socialize and communicate with people of all ages and backgrounds .
Generation Y Perception : Needy
Reality : Okay .
The reality here is that Millennials are indeed pretty needy .
Again , though , it 's not really their fault as their parents basically trained them that mom or dad is just a phone call away .
In fact , there are stories of Generation Y job - seekers taking a parent along for the job interview or to help negotiate the job offer .
The key for employers is to realize that this generation -- at least when they are new to the workforce -- need a bit of special care and handling .
There 's no way they can go months without a review ; they need constant ( and not too critical ) feedback .
Generation Y workers need to realize that the reality of the workplace is that it's not like home or college -- and that they are expected to do an excellent job without always wanting praise and being told that how good their work is .
Finally , Generation Y workers need to tell mom or dad that it 's time to stay home so they can learn to fight their own battles .
Final Thoughts About Gen Y Workers
In the end , of course , every person -- every worker -- is judged on his or her merits , not on generalities or misconceptions .
Still , based on the research and anecdotal evidence , it may be a bumpy ride for both employers and Generation Y workers in the years ahead .
Maybe you 're not a millennial , but when was the last time you updated your resume and cover letter ?
Take a look at our useful guides to learn the most up - to - date tips
A court in The Netherlands has banned a Usenet community from publishing the names of files which allegedly infringe copyright .
According to the judges who handled the case , Dutch site FTD - who were n't even present at the hearing - must stop publishing the names and Usenet locations of files connected to a particular movie or face penalties of 10,000 euros per day .
A curious case has just been heard in The Netherlands which has led a court to arrive to a rather surprising decision .
It began when Dutch movie studio Eyeworks applied for a court injunction to stop Usenet community FTD from “ making available to the public ” their movie Komt een vrouw bij de dokter ( A Woman At The Doctor ) .
One might think that there is nothing particularly surprising about this event , after all this kind of thing is happening more often lately .
But FTD is n’t hosting or storing the movie , and it is n’t offering torrents or NZB files either .
What FTD is doing , however , is allowing its users to post the filenames and the locations of those files which already exist on Usenet .
Eyeworks argued that by publishing this information , FTD was making the movie available to the public .
The case was just heard at a court in The Hague .
The judges agreed with Eyeworks and issued an injunction which forbids FTD from publishing filename and file location information concerning the above - mentioned movie .
“ This [ decision has been made ] despite consistent case law ( e.g. from Mininova and The Pirate Bay ) that says that posting hyperlinks , torrents etc is * not * an infringement of copyright , ” FTD lawyer Arnoud Engelfriet told TorrentFreak .
“ That kind of activity can be called ‘ assisting to make available ’ but under Dutch law ( different in the USA and probably the UK ) that is only a tort .
A tort is very much different from a copyright infringement , ” he added .
The case was heard without FTD being in the court to defend themselves .
“ The procedure used is called an ‘ ex parte injunction ’ , which indeed can be issued without involvement of the accused party , ” Engelfriet explains .
“ This procedure was introduced through European Directive 2004 / 48/ EG . ”
The punishment for failing to comply with the injunction is a fine of 10,000 euros per day .
Next Wednesday FTD will file an objection against the decision .
“ FTD is challenging the provisional measure because it is clear that it should not have been issued under Dutch law , ” Engelfriet concludes .
Pin 0 Shares
Congress took action a few months back and extended energy efficiency tax credits for most homeowners through the end of 2010 .
If you ’ve been looking to upgrade your water heater or windows and doors , you can probably get a tax credit in 2010 .
Some of the less common of the tax credits for home improvements will be around all the way until 2016 .
EnergyStar.gov explains :
If you purchase an energy - efficient product or renewable energy system for your home , you may be eligible for a federal tax credit .
…
Please note , not all ENERGY STAR qualified products qualify for a tax credit .
ENERGY STAR distinguishes energy efficient products which , although they may cost more to purchase than standard models , will pay you back in lower energy bills within a reasonable amount of time , without a tax credit
Energy Tax Credit Is Extended Through
12/31/2010
So how much is the tax credit , and what do you need to do to get it ?
Tax Credit 30 % of cost of the home improvement , up to $ 1,500
30 % of cost of the home improvement , up to $ 1,500 Expires on December 31 , 2010
December 31 , 2010 Important Provision : Must be on an existing home & your principal residence .
Brand new homes and rental properties do n’t qualify .
Example :
So how does the tax credit work ?
For a qualifying upgrade , the tax credit is 30 % of the covered cost up to a $ 1500 total credit .
For instance , if you pay $ 3000 for a central air conditioning system ( excluding installation costs ) , your credit would be $ 900 , as long as it was bought and paid for by 12/31/2010 .
The house must be your principal residence and the credits do n’t apply to new construction .
Other , upgrade - specific restrictions apply , so see the government site for details .
What Products Are Eligible For The Energy Efficiency Tax Credit ?
A variety of products are eligible for the tax credit , however , you need to be careful that your specific product is eligible .
Some of the products include :
Energy efficient doors and windows .
Installation costs are not eligible for the credit .
Other restrictions apply .
Water Heaters .
Credit includes installation costs ; some restrictions for energy efficiency apply .
HVAC components , including advanced air handlers , air force heat pumps , central A/C units , boilers , propane , and gas furnaces .
Tax credits include installation costs .
Insulation , whether spray foam , fiberglass , or blow - in cellulose , they ’re all covered so long as they meet IECC requirements .
Installation cost is NOT covered .
Biomass Stoves .
Metal and asphalt roofs .
Credit does n’t include installation costs .
Some of the tax credits will take into account installation costs , while other credits do not .
It really does depend upon what you 're claiming the credit on .
To find out if your product is a part of the credit , and whether you can include installation costs , check out the government website here .
What Do I Do To Get The Tax Credit ?
To claim the energy efficient products tax credit , you ’ll need to claim the credit on your 2010 taxes .
To claim it the product would have to be placed in service in 2010 .
To claim the credit submit IRS Tax Form 5695 with your taxes .
Frequently Asked Questions ( FAQ ) About The Tax Credit
Here are the answers to a few of the most frequently asked questions about the credit .
Is the $ 1,500 tax credit available for each product ?
Can I get $ 1,500 for windows and another $ 1,500 for a new HVAC system ?
Can I get $ 1,500 in 2009 and another $ 1,500 in 2010 ?
Can two people living in the same home both get the $ 1,500 credit ?
Even if you purchase multiple products you can only get a maximum of $ 1,500 over the 2 - year period ( 2009 & 2010 ) .
Basically you can spend up to $ 5,000 during this 2 year period on a single or multiple products , for your principal residence that you own and live in , and get 30 % or $ 1,500 ( 30 % of $ 5,000 = $ 1,500 ) back as a tax credit .
If you get the entire $ 1,500 credit in 2009 , then you ca n’t get anything additional in 2010 .
( Note : the maximum does not apply to all products )
Even if you purchase multiple products you can only get a maximum of $ 1,500 over the 2 - year period ( 2009 & 2010 ) .
Basically you can spend up to $ 5,000 during this 2 year period on a single or multiple products , for your principal residence that you own and live in , and get 30 % or $ 1,500 ( 30 % of $ 5,000 = $ 1,500 ) back as a tax credit .
If you get the entire $ 1,500 credit in 2009 , then you ca n’t get anything additional in 2010 .
( Note : the maximum does not apply to all products )
Can the energy efficiency tax credit be carried over to future years ?
The tax credit for products at 30 % up to $ 1,500 cannot be carried over to future years .
But you can take part of the $ 1,500 in 2009 , and the rest in 2010 .
A few select products that are not subject to the $ 1500 limit can be carried forward .
Find details here .
The tax credit for products at 30 % up to $ 1,500 cannot be carried over to future years .
But you can take part of the $ 1,500 in 2009 , and the rest in 2010 .
A few select products that are not subject to the $ 1500 limit can be carried forward .
Find details here .
Is there an income limit on the tax credit ?
No , there is no upper or lower limit on the credit , however , these energy efficiency tax credits are technically “ non-refundable . ”
If you do n’t pay any taxes , then you ca n’t get the credit .
Details here .
Are you planning on installing insulation , windows or other eligible product and will you claim the credit ?
Do you think the credit makes it worth it to install a new energy efficient product , or will you still hold off ?
Tell us your thoughts in the comments !
Pin 0 Shares
A federal appeals court has dealt a blow to a civil - liberties lawsuit against the New York Police Department , saying the police force is within its rights to keep secret some 1,800 pages of documents about its surveillance of protesters ahead of the Republican National Convention in 2004 .
More than 1,800 people were arrested at or near Madison Square Garden over four days in August , 2004 , during the convention where President George W. Bush accepted his party ’s nomination for a second term .
ADVERTISEMENT
According to court records , the NYPD sent undercover officers around the world ahead of the convention to collect information on people who planned to protest at the event .
The New York Civil Liberties Union filed a lawsuit against the NYPD on behalf of protesters who were arrested , handcuffed and fingerprinted .
In its attempt to get the police to release all documents related to the arrests , the NYCLU ran into a roadblock when it came to some 1,800 pages of documents chronicling the NYPD ’s surveillance efforts .
On Wednesday , a panel from the US District Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit ruled ( PDF ) that the NYPD can keep the documents secret , because releasing them would jeopardize police investigations by releasing the identities of the NYPD ’s undercover officers .
The New York Times reports that the case “ represents the largest legal challenge to the powers extended to the police since the Sept. 11 attack . ”
The NYT‘s City Room blog reports that the NYCLU had wanted the documents to challenge the NYPD ’s assertion that the surveillance gave the police enough justification for the mass arrests .
ADVERTISEMENT
But Chris Dunn , a lawyer for the NYCLU , said his group still has enough material from the NYPD to press ahead with its lawsuit challenging the arrests .
“ The police documents remaining in the case are the 600 pages already produced to us , and nothing in those reports begins to justify the NYPD ’s mass arrest , prolonged detention , and blanket fingerprinting of law - abiding protesters and bystanders during the Convention , ” Dunn told the Associated Press .
The Times reports that some protesters caught up in the mass arrests have already settled separate lawsuits with the city :
ADVERTISEMENT
In recent years , the city has paid millions of dollars to many of those who sued after their arrests , asserting that they had been improperly taken into custody .
Many were herded into pens at a West Side pier in Manhattan that was dubbed GuantÃ ƒÂ¡namo on the Hudson .
The appeals court ’s ruling overturns a federal judge ’s order last year that the city hand over the documents to the NYCLU .
That judge had upheld an earlier ruling that the documents could be released with sensitive details “ redacted ” so as to hide the identities of undercover officers .
ADVERTISEMENT
But the appeals court rejected that argument , saying that the lower court had made “ errors ” in its ruling .
The plaintiffs , the appeals court ruled , had n’t proved a “ compelling need ” to have the documents released .
The court has Ã¢â‚ ¬Å “ wisely recognized the fundamental importance to public safety of protecting undercover identities and maintaining the integrity of their methods , Ã¢â‚ ¬Â NYPD Commissioner Raymond W. Kelly told the Times .
“ This was an important decision for New York and for the protection of society at large . ”
Itâ€™s been a hot topic for a few years now .
And certainly the potential for incorporating algae as a key feedstock for future biofuel production is massive .
But the sobering fact is that we 're at least a good eight to ten years from seeing any kind of real , commercially - ready product .
At least at the volumes that could allow for meaningful market penetration .
! ADVERTISEMENT !
So where does that leave us in the meantime ?
Fortune favors the daring
Algae - based biofuels are often the target of naysayers who prefer to criticize early industry obstacles instead of looking for a way to profit from the developments and technologies that allow us to overcome those obstacles .
Fortunes are not made by launching criticisms without solutions .
Fortunes are made by those who seek innovation while others hide behind the safety of mediocrity .
Yes , it 'll be years before algae - based biofuels are ready for prime time .
But that doesnâ€™t mean we 're going to wait around and ignore all the developments that are happening in the world of algae today .
Because one thing 's for certain :
When that first big opportunity does present itself , we want to be ready to pounce .
So here are some of the latest developments in algae â€ ” developments that will help us hone in on which areas are likely to gain the most momentum in this early stage of the game .
Game - changing propositions
Last week , European aerospace behemoth EADS unveiled a new aircraft that runs on biofuel made from algae .
Early tests have shown that the algae - based biofuel has resulted in a 5 to 10 percent fuel savings with no loss of performance .
The company is now looking to expand the algae fuel tests with Airbus , Boeing , and other manufacturers .
Also last week , Siemens AG announced that it successfully burned algae - based biomass fuel at a utility - scale power plant .
Combining fuel made by PetroAlgae , Inc. with pulverized coal , the fuel resulted in emissions that were 20 percent lower than coal alone .
While we 're definitely not fans of coal - fired power , we know that it 's going to be around for some time .
And if we can reduce emissions by 20 percent as we transition to a cleaner energy economyâ€ ” and do it economically with algae â€ ” certainly there could be a real opportunity here .
Although this should not be seen as anything but a transitional process .
With or without minor emissions reductions , the phasing out of all coal - fired power plants is paramount to the success of an environmentally and economically sustainable energy economy .
Article continues : http://www.triplepundit.com/2010/06/breaking-the-cost-barrier-on-algae-based-biofuels/
We hate to break it to you , but those LED light bulbs that are shaped like traditional light bulbs ?
It 's all a lie .
LEDs are naturally pretty small things , and while there might be dozens scattered about inside a bulb there 's still plenty of empty space in there meant only to make the things about the same size as a good ol ' incandescent .
Lite - On , however , has found something to make use of that space : batteries .
The company 's Mobile Lamp bulb can stay on for up to two hours even after the power is turned off , effectively turning it into a flashlight .
To switch the bulb on or off you simply touch the copper part while something conductive makes contact with the metal part on the bottom , which could be a lamp socket or just a finger , as shown in the brief video after the break .
The bulbs are due to be out sometime next year and should be hugely popular in areas with unreliable power -- or with an abnormally high rate of magicians per-capita .
This Account is unavailable .
Contact your hosting provider for more information .
EA has revealed that they will be bringing seismic improvements to FIFA 11 , with improved graphics .
customizable audio , improved AI and football personality .
A new passing mechanism known as “ pro passing ” has been introduced which will allow players to control the weight of their passing .
FIFA 10 which featured a pretty straight forward passing mechanism has been revamped and with it come new passing techniques such as swerve passes , driven lobs , fancy flicks and through - balls with backspin .
The most interesting improvement seems to be “ Player Personality ” which means the best players and a certain Portuguese winger will have his real - life personality in the game .
Each players is also set to have their own set of moves , Vidic will use his strength to take care of forwards while players like Ibrahimovic will be full of little flicks .
Players will also have a defensive and attacking work rate setting , players like Tevez will run around defenders while Lucio will not leave their position .
Players can also now record and upload their own fan chants to play during matches , which is pretty cool .
Source
At the Google I/O developer conference today in San Francisco , the search giant unveiled Android 2.2 , codenamed Froyo .
The new version introduces some impressive performance improvements and much - needed feature enhancements .
Vic Gundotra , Google VP of engineering , discussed Android 's progress and introduced the new version of the platform during a keynote presentation on the second day of the event .
In the past 18 months , Android has attracted 21 hardware makers and 60 carriers in 40 countries .
There are now over 60 compatible Android devices , which are rapidly increasing in popularity .
Google says that over 100,000 new Android devices are activated every day .
Android is a Java - based platform , but it uses its own custom runtime engine and bytecode format .
Unlike the conventional JRE , Android 's Java runtime is basically an interpreter — it just executes the bytecode .
One of the most significant improvements in Froyo is the introduction of a just - in - time ( JIT ) compilation engine that will allow the runtime to translate bytecode into native code at runtime .
The introduction of a JIT will bring a massive performance boost , increasing application execution speed by up to five times .
This will improve the general responsiveness of the platform and allow application developers to build more computationally intensive software .
Another area where Google has made major investments in performance is the Android Web browser .
The company has brought its recent optimization work on the V8 JavaScript engine to Froyo , leading to a 3 x speedup .
The company contends that Froyo has the " world 's fastest mobile browser . "
To back up this claim , Google conducted a demo during the keynote which showed a Froyo - powered Nexus One crushing the iPad in a SunSpider JavaScript benchmark .
Enterprise , cloud , and tethering
In addition to performance improvements , Android has also gained a number of impressive new features .
In an effort to boost Android 's competitiveness in the business market , Google has added some enterprise - specific enhancements , including broad support for Microsoft exchange .
Another major addition is a new data backup API for third - party applications , which will make it easier for users to keep all of their application data when they move to a new device .
The early Android previews had an XMPP - based push messaging framework , but it was cut during the beta test period due to reliability issues and was not present in version 1.0 .
Google has finally filled that hole in Froyo with a new cloud messaging API .
The new cloud messaging service does n't just push notifications , however .
Third - party applications can transmit Android " Intents " to a device , meaning that the push messages can be used to activate applications and populate them with certain data .
Sending a map to an Android 2.2 phone
During a demo of the cloud messaging feature , Google showed how it can be used to push directions from Google Maps in Chrome on a desktop computer directly onto an Android device .
The Android map application on the handset opened and displayed the same directions that the user was viewing in the browser on the desktop .
Android 2.2 turns your phone into a WiFi hotspot
Another compelling new feature in Froyo is support for wireless tethering .
It will be possible to use an Android handset as a WiFi hotspot , making its 3G connectivity available to other devices .
During the keynote , Google demoed the feature by showing how to make an iPad connect to the Internet through a Nexus One .
An open platform
During the entire keynote presentation , Google stressed the openness of the Android platform and emphasized its technical advantages relative to Apple 's iPhone .
Attitude towards browser plugins is one major area where the platforms differ .
Google says that Adobe 's Flash player and AIR runtime will be fully supported on Froyo .
Supporting Flash was an easy choice , said Gundrota , because Android is an inclusive platform and Google is committed to having the most comprehensive browsing experience .
Opportunities in mobile advertising were a major factor that compelled Google to enter the phone space .
The company is starting to take advantage of those opportunities by rolling out an experimental new mobile advertising platform .
This will allow companies to reach mobile consumers and will also give application developers a convenient way to monetize their software .
During the keynote , Google showed several different kinds of mobile advertisements that companies can buy .
One impressive feature is click - to - call , which allows advertisers to give users an easy way to call a phone number related to the advertisement .
There are also location - aware features , such as a built - in map that will show the user where they can buy a product .
Google envisions interactive rich advertising that brings value to consumers .
More love for apps
Application management has typically been a weak area for Android .
One of the biggest failings of the platform is that it heavily limits the amount of storage space that can be used for applications .
Google has rectified this problem in Froyo by adding support for storing applications on an SD card — a feature that was previously only available to users running hacked firmware .
Updating multiple apps at once
Google has made some very significant improvements to the application marketplace , particularly in the area of update handling .
In Froyo , the marketplace has gained a much - needed " Update All " button , which will finally eliminate the painful chore of updating applications individually .
Users will also be able to optionally enable automatic updates for certain applications .
Google has some even more compelling features planned for application management in future versions .
The company demoed a Web - based interface to the app marketplace that is designed to be accessed in a Web browser on a desktop computer .
When the user selects an application to install through the Web interface , it will automatically download on the user 's selected device .
This will simplify application installation and discoverability .
It 's easier than using the bar codes that are commonly used today on Web - based application indexes .
Google also aims to sell music through the same Web - based store .
When the user purchases a song , they will be able to have it automatically download on their device .
Similarly , Google is building a media synchronization framework based on technology acquired from Simplify Media .
It will allow users to easily access their home music collection from their Android device .
Look for coverage on Ars later today .
Android has matured considerably over the past year .
The operating system has gained a richer assortment of third - party applications and many new capabilities .
The latest improvements that Google is pushing in Froyo add a lot more power and sophistication to the platform .
Listing image by Google
This caught my eye - Apple has released a new video featuring the full gamut of iPhone and iPad application developers , from tiny shops to tech startups to media giants .
While I think it ’s overall not too remarkable – merely an ad presenting the strengths of Apple ’s development platform for mobile devices – I do think it very clearly presents Apple ’s approach to the mobile market .
Seeing this video makes me wonder about Apple ’s competitive strategy in the quickly evolving mobile device markets .
In 2007 , they forced the lazy rulers of the cellphone market to start innovating again – and now they ’ve finally caught up and started producing high - quality phones , some of whose features apply to many niches better than the “ one - size - fits - all ” iPhone .
Though not # 1 in smartphone share , iOS ( previously called iPhone OS ) certainly dominates among those using their phones for more than SMS and e-mail .
But has domination ever been Apple ’s strategy ?
Since Jobs ’ return to Apple , the company has shown no ambition to kill the competition ; I think they in fact benefit from having competing products around to make the case of Apple products ’ superiority .
And while the iPhone and iPod certainly lead in their markets , OS X certainly does n’t – and the three use Apple ’s same approach to producing highly - polished combinations of hardware and software .
I ’ve maintained that 2010 would be the year of the Android phone , and I think that so far things are turning out that way .
Not in terms of an “ iPhone killer , ” but in terms of a serious competitor .
The growth of Android devices , market share , and applications have all exploded , and the Android Marketplace is quickly evolving from a ragtag group of ugly tech utilities to genuinely amazing ones that contend with some of the best iPhone apps .
I wonder how Apple views Android now , especially in the light of this video , which takes several shots at perceived downsides to the Android platform .
It ’s certainly true that today , iOS delivers the biggest return on investment for development work .
But where will things go in the future ?
There are some critical differences in the platforms which affect their potential :
Apple ’s AT&T exclusivity in the US
Approach to usability : Apple picks form & ease of use ; Android says , “ why not have an annoying menu button if it gives you access to a bunch more features ? ”
Android ’s double - edged differentiation sword : can better target various niches , but also introduces fragmentation and compatibility concerns for developers
OEM and Developer innovation : On Android , new features can be created just about anywhere , anytime ; iOS waits for others to innovate and then introduces a way to “ do it right ”
I do n’t think most of these things are “ X is better than Y ” values but inherent differences in the appeal of different platforms .
As an owner of both kinds of devices , I think we ’re going to see Android push smartphone penetration to all kinds of new market segments , and be the new platform for innovation .
I see iOS as a major player for the long term , though probably not hanging on to its current dominance of high - end smartphones .
There ’s plenty of room for both moving ahead , and the only thing that ’s certain is that everyone gets more options in their search for the device that best meets their needs .
I REMEMBER the first time I noticed .
I was driving to Boston from my home in Brooklyn after an extended trip to California .
In Los Angeles , the voice of my brand - new portable navigation device had guided me effortlessly through the maze of freeways and road rage like a graceful hostess  unflappable , efficient and with just enough sex appeal to give some sizzle to my protracted absence from my wife .
Now , stuck on I - 95 in Stamford , Conn. , my charming companion had somehow been switched to a stern English schoolmarm .
Who replaced my Angelina Jolie with Margaret Thatcher , I thought .
Has someone been snooping around my turn - by - turn directions ?
And that ’s when I realized .
I had fallen for my GPS voice .
And I ’m not alone , it turns out .
At sites like gpspassion.com and pdastreet.com , the number of lewd comments about the voices of American Jill or Australian Karen seem more suited to a convention of 900 - number users .
A gay couple I know , meanwhile , had the opposite reaction .
They were so turned off by the preinstalled female navigatrix that they switched her for a man ’s voice , because “ we find the women too judgmental . ”
This spring , Gawker published an item about a television actor whose wife caught him alone in his car , enraptured by “ the dulcet tones of the automated voice system . ”
Maddie is a freelance writer and is certified in massage , aromatherapy , and health education .
This Father 's Day , consider including one of these poignant quotations about dads and fatherhood in your card or note .
NeONBRAND via Unsplash ; Canva.com
Why Include a Quote in a Father 's Day Card ?
Father 's
Day is an important occasion for many of us .
While not everyone is fortunate enough to have a loving father in their life , many of us have some sort of fatherly role model we look to for guidance and paternal care .
If you 'd like to show your appreciation by sending your dad , step - dad , grand - dad , or fatherly role model a note or card , including a thoughtful or funny quote can be a great way to end your message .
While your original words are likely to be what the recipient will cherish most , a relevant quote can add clarity and purpose to your greeting .
Read over the quotes below for inspiration , and feel free to include one in your Father 's Day card or letter if it strikes a chord with you and reinforces your message .
Quotes About Fathers
" Sometimes the poorest man leaves his children the richest inheritance . "
— Ruth E. Renkel
" It is much easier to become a father than to be one . "
— Kent Nerburn
" When I was a boy of fourteen , my father was so ignorant I could hardly stand to have the old man around .
But when I got to be twenty - one , I was astonished at how much he had learned in seven years . "
— Mark Twain
" Father ! — to God himself we cannot give a holier name . "
— William Wordsworth
" My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person : he believed in me . "
— Jim Valvano
" What a father says to his children is not heard by the world , but it will be heard for posterity . "
— Jean Paul Richter
" Father taught us that opportunity and responsibility go hand in hand .
I think we all act on that principle ; on the basic human impulse that makes a man want to make the best of what 's in him and what 's been given him . "
— Laurence Rockefeller
" One father is more than a hundred schoolmasters . "
— George Herbert Conner Baker via Unsplash ; Canva
" One father is more than a hundred schoolmasters . "
— George Herbert
" My father did n't tell me how to live ; he lived , and let me watch him do it . "
— Clarence Budington Kelland
" I can not think of any need in childhood as strong as the need for a father 's protection . "
— Sigmund Freud
" My father always told me , ' Find a job you love and you 'll never have to work a day in your life . ' "
— Jim Fox
" If the new American father feels bewildered and even defeated , let him take comfort from the fact that whatever he does in any fathering situation has a fifty percent chance of being right . "
— Bill Cosby
" A man 's worth is measured by how he parents his children .
What he gives them , what he keeps away from them , the lessons he teaches and the lessons he allows them to learn on their own . "
— Lisa Rogers
" You do n't have to deserve your mother 's love .
You have to deserve your father 's .
He 's more particular . "
— Robert Frost
" It is easy for a father to have children than for children to have a real father . "
— Pope John XXIII
" Being a great father is like shaving .
No matter how good you shaved today , you have to do it again tomorrow . "
— Reed Markham
" That is the thankless position of the father in the family — the provider for all , and the enemy of all . "
— August Strindberg
" The fundamental defect of fathers is that they want their children to be a credit to them . "
— Bertrand Russell
" The older I get , the smarter my father seems to get . "
— Tim Russert
" Dad taught me everything I know .
Unfortunately , he did n't teach me everything he knows . "
— Al Unser , Jr.
" It is a wise father that knows his own child . "
— William Shakespeare Alvaro Reyes via Unsplash ; Canva
" It is a wise father that knows his own child . "
— William Shakespeare
" A father is always making his baby into a little woman .
And when she is a woman he turns her back again . "
— Enid Bagnold
" Why are men reluctant to become fathers ?
They are n't through being children . "
— Cindy Garner
" By the time a man realizes that maybe his father was right , he usually has a son who thinks he 's wrong . "
— Charles Wadsworth
" Every dad , if he takes time out of his busy life to reflect upon his fatherhood , can learn ways to become an even better dad . "
— Jack Baker
" The father is always a Republican toward his son , and his mother 's always a Democrat . "
— Robert Frost
" Life was a lot simpler when what we honored was father and mother rather than all major credit cards . "
— Robert Orben
" It is not flesh and blood but the heart which makes us fathers and sons . "
— Johann Schiller Jed Owen via Unsplash ; Canva
" It is not flesh and blood but the heart which makes us fathers and sons . "
— Johann Schiller
" It does n't matter who my father was ; it matters who I remember he was . "
— Anne Sexton
" A father is a man who expects his son to be as good a man as he meant to be . "
— Frank A. Clark
" The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother . " — Rev. Theodore Hesburgh
" Love and fear .
Everything the father of a family says must inspire one or the other . "
— Joseph Joubert
" Old as she was , she still missed her daddy sometimes . "
— Gloria Naylor
" At a time of reproductive freedom for women , fatherhood must be more than a matter of DNA .
A man must choose to be a father in the same way that a woman chooses to be a mother . "
— Mel Feit
" A man knows he is growing old because he begins to look like his father . "
— Gabriel Garcia Marquez
" To support mother and father , to cherish wife and children , and to have a simple livelihood ; this is the greatest blessing . "
— Buddha" The father of a daughter is nothing but a high - class hostage .
A father turns a stony face to his sons , berates them , shakes his antlers , paws the ground , snorts , runs them off into the underbrush , but when his daughter puts her arm over his shoulder and says , ' Daddy , I need to ask you something , ' he is a pat of butter in a hot frying pan . "
— Garrison Keillor
A Black and White Still of a Father and Child
amoy on May 21 , 2014 :
bein a dad is ok but bein a father is learnin how to say NO but I LOVE U
Freckled Girl on September 28 , 2013 :
My father gave me up when i was only 1 .
Now that i'm 16 he wants everything to do with me , But he only calls when needed too .
He ignores me and lies to me and all i can think of is ..
A real father is n't him .. :/
naina on July 18 , 2013 :
My father is my life my every thing i cant live wid out him i love my dad alots he r the most precious gift 4 me
MAY GOD BLESS MY FATHER AND GAVE HIM A LONG LIFE .
I LOVE U DAD
imhisprincess on June 02 , 2013 :
I Dont Wat Shud I Say ..
I love My father Im A Daddy 's Girl But until now I Cant Believe My Father Cheated to my mom .
It is so hard to See Your mom crying and want to give up .
I Love my father But Now i love More My Mama .
Im Mad With You Dad !!
I Hate You !
Please Come Back !
Please Fix our Family . :(
Dhivya Ganesan on May 15 , 2013 :
My father is most precious gift I got in my life .
I love my father toooooo much .
I proud to put my fathers name at .
the back of my name .
there were no words with me to appreciate my father .
firsttimedaddy on May 14 , 2013 :
We all want to do the best for our children .
I have no money , but being a dad makes me the richest guy in the world
http://www.1st-time-daddy.com
Jen Granger from NY on March 07 , 2013 :
Sending this over to my dad ...
Jen Granger from NY on February 18 , 2013 :
Im touched ...
I think this quote says it all .
" Life was a lot simpler when what we honored was father and mother rather than all major credit cards .
~ Robert Orben "
Good going for putting these together , very very nice ..
Miss no one on June 16 , 2012 :
I love my dad bec .
He 's everything to me he is the perfect dad ive ever had I 'm grateful and bless bec .
I met him as my father . .
Love you father bec .
Without him your not here you where never born in this planet .
Be grateful and thankful enough to him even if he causes you pain as much as you hate him or you do n't want to see her ever again he is your father no matter what , ,
Sofia on June 15 , 2012 :
As a child I had the best dad in the world .
But he made a mistake my dad left me and my 6 sisters and 1 brother .
At the age of 10 years old I could n't understand why he ran from his responsibility .
My dad died 2 years ago , he left once and he left me twice and I did n't get a chance to say I forgive you , for not being my Dad.
RIP Alfonso Davila may God forgive you for your sin's
m. Debeniditto on May 23 , 2012 :
My real father was a crazy lazy alcoholic .
I had to take care of him and my drug addicted mother .
I am only thirteen and have been adopted bby some wonderful people .
Sometimes i wish that they were my biological family .
sure we all might fight but we still are a fanmily my real dad just chugged another bottle of vodka .
i never have had a dad to look up to .
But the foster dad that i now have is the best .
He knows how make me laugh , cry and cheer me up .
My dad will always be there for me .
i almost cried while i was reding the quotes .
My parents also helped me meet my current boyfreind !
sulekha on April 20 , 2012 :
my ad is awesome .. luv him .. now i am going away from him for my higher studies ... i ll miss him ... luv u dad ..
lilet on March 30 , 2012 :
i am a graduating student and i hate to say that my father died last march 14 , when i think about my upcoming graduation day ( April 2 ) i can't stop the tears falling from my eyes .
i really love him even though we have n't got much time to talk everyday .
i miss him so much .
he is our greatest hero .
dionbondiovi on March 17 , 2012 :
A real Father are those who became a good son to their Father ...
Maddie Ruud ( author ) from Oakland , CA on March 13 , 2012 :
Good questions , Kristie .
Not all fathers are our biological fathers , and not all fathers are what we wish they ' be .
kristie on March 12 , 2012 :
fathers are very important but sometimes mothers choose our fathers after we are here ... is that ok ?... i do not remember my father and he is a distant memory to my mother ... but is now a part of my life ... is that ok ?... my mother has chosen 2 more fathers for me ... is that ok ?... my second father instilled fear and love in me ... but mostly fear ... is that ok ?... when he passed away i cried ... but my sister / his daughter did not ... is that ok ?... my third father instilled security and hatred in me ... is that ok ?... now it is respect , admiration , gratitude and love of a sort ... is that ok ?
shaniaa brown on March 03 , 2012 :
My father
Is always there when I need him the most .
bella on February 28 , 2012 :
i have n't meet or known my biological father but still i want to know him ...
irvan wargadipura on January 28 , 2012 :
i love my dad .... he's a real role model for me ..
now that i have a baby boy ...
the more i realize the unconditional love he gave me ..
raise me till become the way i am now ..
we share our tears of joy together upon my baby boy 's birth in the hospital tough ..
back when i was a kid , he never really shown he 's love openly , he taught me in a hard way and full of discipline ..
but now i realize that all things he taught me are the things that keeps me going ... being a man !
being a man you should think and see everything 100 times ahead ..
being a husband you should think and sees everything 1000 times ahead ...
being a father you should think and sees everything 10000 times ahead ..
riya vyas on January 21 , 2012 :
father is father no one came in the place of my father .
i love him very much .
i never want to lost him .he is the world best father .
Jordan on January 21 , 2012 :
My father and i's birthdays are very close and i am about to turn 14 .
He will be 42 .
I adore him and even if it sounds cliché , he is my hero !
Alex on January 20 , 2012 :
My father was the best man in my life recently hes been distant and left me .
I dont know what made him do it but holding back the anger and resent is hard he mad it seem like my fault i try t remember him for what he was but all i can remember is the last thing i saw of him i love him death and im not an emotional person but i hate that hes the only thing that can brong tears to my eyes
Jon 's Dad on January 18 , 2012 :
There is only one person that makes me genuinely happy that he is so much better than me
Charles on January 17 , 2012 :
I am a father of 11 years .
I hated my dad for most of my childhood .
Then I grew up and realized the man had 30 years on this earth on me .
I knew he loved me but why was he always so hard , indifferent , always gone at work and focused on everything negative about me .
Then I realized he had one of those horrible fathers like some of the ones mentioned here .
I took it upon myself to give him the love and respect a father NEEDS from his child .
I stopped being the bitter , resentful and rebellious son .
Stopped talking back at and bad about him .
This was a man who intolerantly beat me over spilled milk or broken toys .
A few months later I can hardly recognize the man .
He is not only the excellent father I knew he was inside ; loving , caring , proactive , positive and gentle , but he has turned into the ideal husband to my mother .
No hard feelings anymore , just a few scars and the best friend I ’ve ever had .
Break the cycle .
Regardless .
No excuses ...
Just break it !
God bless everyone ! :)
hate u on January 01 , 2012 :
i hate my dad really jealous of those ppl who ve got good dads .
my dad is a cheat .............
Sierra . silva on December 25 , 2011 :
idc wat pol say offensive or touchy !!
they are good quotes and they get inspire the dads to get up in the morning !
luv them
vaishnavi devre on December 24 , 2011 :
What a aussssm quotess ...!!
m abt too cry aftr rdng d commnts ... m really proud to hv ma dad vd mee ... love u daddy ....
jb on December 11 , 2011 :
my dad was all this and more taken from us at 56 cancer 1 devoted wife two sons and three grandchildren wish for just one more minute with such a man and i pray i will be half the man
we love you dad
Chanel B on December 08 , 2011 :
I 'm sad for my children because they do n't have a good father !!!
My heart is melted when my daughter told me that her dad is not proud of her ...
I 'm so envious to all children had a good daddy ;
D
sara on December 07 , 2011 :
i really liked it =]
Shujrah on December 03 , 2011 :
Father Is My heart and my everything .
Santie Stocks on November 23 , 2011 :
Thanks a lot !!!
All I wanted was a gift idea for my dad , now I am in tears from reading everybody 's comments .....
hate u on November 13 , 2011 :
my god y on earth did i alone get such a worst father : ( i envy all the ppl who ve riten so gud abt their dads .
but i m so unlucky regarding this thng .lov my mom and mom only .........
Prajakta on November 11 , 2011 :
I love u dad .
Rnold lang on November 06 , 2011 :
Thanks a lot , it do really inspires me ...
brianna : ) on November 01 , 2011 :
my dad is exactly like these quotes !
i am soo happy to have you in my life : ) love you daddy !!
Khan on October 24 , 2011 :
My father is in prison for something he did n't do .
It 's been 8 months and I miss him so much .
He 's the best man I know .
He 's my role model , my ispiration .
He 's everything to me and I love him .
These quotes just brought tears in my eyes ..
PONG on October 24 , 2011 :
I already missed my father ...
He died last Oct.22 , 2011
JohnnyBoots on October 17 , 2011 :
Great selection , I 'm laughing and about crying .
Any good father is deserving of these quotes , unfortunately too many men think they " need " to have children rather than " want " to have children .
dimple bachchan on October 10 , 2011 :
very nice collection , that 's collections r very useful 2 me .
thank u so much
hate my dad on October 06 , 2011 :
i hate my he is a cheat he dosent deserve even a single word of these quotes hate him
sulekha razack on October 02 , 2011 :
i love my dad i sometimes hurt him a lot i feel very guilty about it later . after reading these quotes i promise i ll neva rpeat it again . my dad the bestest according 2 me .love u dad :) :]
Vivian on September 21 , 2011 :
My father is dying .
He was n't perfect , he was n't always there , and there 's loads of things he could have done differently .
Having said that , he is my daddy and I 'm going to miss him so much .
The quote that hits me is ...
It does n't matter who my father was ; it matters who I remember he was .
~ Anne Sexton
I think this just sums it all up .
I love you daddy and I wish so many things had been different , but those things do n't change how I feel about you or that I will miss you very much .
james uzua on September 09 , 2011 :
i stumble into these collection at the time i have some heartaching problems with my dad and this quote in particular resolved the issue .
The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother .
~ Rev. Theodore Hesburgh .
thanks for this
abid ayoub on September 02 , 2011 :
lovly quotes about fathers i jus love dem ..............................
elai chan on June 20 , 2011 :
my father is a genius .
he can read my mind
Sri on June 19 , 2011 :
It amazes me that I had a father who lived up to each and every one of these quotes , but in this day and age its rare to see that now .
Living proof dealing with a lot from my oldest kids fathers .
My husband is an amazing father !!!!
Anna on May 22 , 2011 :
Its very touching considering my dad left my sisters and me about 4 years ago for another women ...
It really hurts because as much as it hurts what he did , I still miss him very much hoping he will come back .
faithfullyours19 on April 15 , 2011 :
At first a touchy subject because my dad was n't around not by any fault of his own he did n't know who I was .
But I had replacements and its true it takes DNA to be a father but it takes a whole lot more to be a dad .
Optimistic quotes are n't a bad thing they should remind you men what you have to live up to .
MY home life was never good and women tend to look for men like their father or father figure so I love that these quotes are here .
Being a real father is something to look up to and children deserve someone that loves them like only a father can .
Ariel L. on January 26 , 2011 :
my daddy means more than i realized .
its sad that it took his illness to see that ... no , he 's not my father .
but he raised me when my father could n't , he took me as his own daughter .
and i know in my heart of hearts that if my father were alive , he would be proud of the man that raised his little girl .
panneer selvam on January 21 , 2011 :
children are poor farther 's wealth , this can be also added .
all nice quotes .
Naeem Sharif on December 03 , 2010 :
If only i could see more of my lil angel .
To tell her every day that i love her so dearly .
altealim on October 26 , 2010 :
..i miss my dad . ,
Sunita Maharjan on October 19 , 2010 :
Simply the Best !!!
Trusted Marketing from Charlotte , North Carolina on October 04 , 2010 :
Excellent , simple and profound .
Thank you for the wisdom and light moments .
laika lane on September 04 , 2010 :
wonder ful !
WLWC from Arkansas on August 23 , 2010 :
Great tribute to the men out there who are great dads .
( I liked it so much , I linked it to one of my hubs . )
I 've always heard , " Any man can be a father , but it takes someone special to be a Daddy . "
In fact , there is a cross stitch that hangs in my parents ' bedroom that proclaims it .
I am proud to have a man such as this as my Dad .
I could n't have asked for a better one .
I wish everyone could say the same ...
WLWC
Bu Li Lit on August 19 , 2010 :
i was only 4 years old when my papa passed away .. i cud not clearly remember everything wen he was still with us .
i get late grievances sometimes .
and wen i watched that vid a shared i cud not hide the tears and i burst out crying .
heres the link :
http://www.facebook.com/?ref=home#!/video/video.php?v=455621345922&ref=mf
Ma. Alyza on July 10 , 2010 :
I really like the quotes about the father especially the - A father is the one who expects his to be as good as him
Miranda on July 06 , 2010 :
My father has cancer .
Reading these quotes makes me want to run to him like I was a little girl again and just tell him over and over again how much I love him and how much he means to me .
LavanyaLN on July 03 , 2010 :
Thank you very much for these quotes .
These are very nice .
I advice to everyone please do n't neglect our father and mother .
Marie on June 28 , 2010 :
Edited version !
Not=NOW ... sorry .
Our parents were not perfect .
Nor was I . I live with guilt and regret .
It is now my job as a grandparent to impart wisdom to my son and tell him of my hindsight and imperfections and help him try to not those same mistakes .
I can not dwell on the past .
I CAN learn from it and move forward a better person / parent .
Marie on June 28 , 2010 :
Our parents were not perfect .
Nor was I . I live with guilt and regret .
It is not my job as a grandparent to impart wisdom to my son and tell him of my hindsight and imperfections and help him try to not those same mistakes .
I can not dwell on the past .
I CAN learn from it and move forward a better person / parent .
Pastor Blessed Chinedu Ononeze on June 19 , 2010 :
Fatherhood is a divine gift to sustain God 's and godly influence on the earth [ LEADERSHIP ] .
Therefore , we must value it and give it the rightful place it deserves .
Nelson Choto on June 18 , 2010 :
Thank you so much for this great collection .. there is a great wisdom here .
ned on June 16 , 2010 :
My dad has stage 7 Alzheimer's .
I miss him .
daughter on June 07 , 2010 :
My dad passed away a year and a half ago and i still think of him everyday .
felt happy reading these quotes .
Marian Cates from Columbia River Gorge , WA on May 30 , 2010 :
Nice collection .
thanks for sharing !
sageam on May 05 , 2010 :
beautiful
lois sunday from manila , philippines on April 26 , 2010 :
Beautiful and touching quotes !
nice hub !
shanshane2 from Rochester , WA on April 24 , 2010 :
Great hub idea , I love it .
SJ on April 20 , 2010 :
Loved this !
I have the best dad ever .
Really great work collecting these .
cbris52 on March 02 , 2010 :
Hi Maddie ...
I really enjoyed your hub and the quote - I cannot think of any need in childhood as strong as the need for a father 's protection .
~ Sigmund Freud ... Great Hub !
If you get a chance ... check out a few of mine .
I 'm new to hubpages .
sophs on March 02 , 2010 :
Brilliant idea , I love these quotes ! :)
jess on February 10 , 2010 :
ok ... im blubbering like a big baby looking up quotes for my dads birthday card !
Jorge on February 10 , 2010 :
Thank you for this site !..
As I go through my legal fight over my newborn child , I find this site , and it gave me strength and determination to keep this battle ... I know now I am not wrong , by making my best not only to provide the money my son will need , but to be there when he will really need me !
shantae wright on January 29 , 2010 :
happy 2 c that sooo many people had great fathers growing up not me n i guess not my son but thank god for stepdads
binkysdaddy from Close to Home on January 11 , 2010 :
I loved these quotes , they mean a lot to me !
bookmarked !
johana on December 18 , 2009 :
This quotes are powerful words that penetrates deep in my heart .
Am 22 years old .
God have gave me the best gift of all ..... he has blessed me with a father so loving and kind .... a man who knows how to make me mad and smile at the same time .... is a blessing to see how much my father loves my mom ...... because one day I want my fiancé to love me just as much and more ....:)
Putz Ballard on November 10 , 2009 :
Great hub , my dad was the wisest man I ever knew , always told me it akes a lifetime to build a good name and only a few seconds to ruin it .
thanks for this hub .
Mike Dennis on September 24 , 2009 :
Thanks for sharing the father / fatherhood quotes .
You got some real good ones here .
Frank on August 04 , 2009 :
Re : Abby 's comment , I do n't know who said it first , but this quote has been repeated almost adnauseum , ever since .
I disagree with it , to some extent .
Loving our children 's mother is important , certainly , but I do n't believe it is the most important thing we can do for them .
I would say it is loving them and loving and obeying God .
dennisematt on July 24 , 2009 :
" It does n't matter who my father was ; it matters who I remember he was . "
that one is my favorite .
Elusen from Indianapolis , IN on June 22 , 2009 :
As a Dad of three daughters , this is nice to read !
Abby on June 21 , 2009 :
You have this quoted wrong above .
David O. McKay said the following quote :
" The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother . "
Team Building from Bedford , Texas on June 04 , 2009 :
Great collection of quotes and sayings .
I think so many times we take advantage of our parents and really do n't realize what they do or did for us .
That is until we either unfortunately lose them or we become parents ourselves .
HealthCare Basics from San Diego , California on June 03 , 2009 :
My father left when I was 12 years old .
Never heard from him again .
I was lucky to have a wonderful grandfather who stepped in the fill in and get me through the rough years .
Your article brought back thoughts of him .
trooper22 from Chicago on May 03 , 2009 :
My father never earned his title .
For that I have learned how important it is to have a good father , and of how much I missed out on .
I am not a father , nor will I ever be .
I envy men that are good fathers , and have the opportunity to leave an indelible mark on posterity by raising a child responsibly .
anonymous on January 20 , 2009 :
when you have a second chance at having a father , these quotes mean so much more than they did before and then when you find out that you are going to lose the father you love they are words that speak for your heart when you yourself cannot .
eaglegordon on January 06 , 2009 :
The father of a daughter is nothing but a high - class hostage .
A father turns a stony face to his sons , berates them , shakes his antlers , paws the ground , snorts , runs them off into the underbrush , but when his daughter puts her arm over his shoulder and says , ' Daddy , I need to ask you something , ' he is a pat of butter in a hot frying pan .
~ Garrison Keillor
Oh how true .
The pat of my little girl hands on my shoulders , was a whole lot different then my boy's .
It uh kinda melted my heart .
stanleyreese from Alabama on November 14 , 2008 :
I am a father who knows how lucky he really is .
I have a 23 year old daughter , 21 year old son , two year old son , one year old daughter and another daughter on the way .
Of all the jobs I have ever had , being a dad is the most rewarding .
Jyoti Kothari from Jaipur on October 10 , 2008 :
Very nice collection of quotes .
It is thought provoking .
Some quotes are easy and some has hidden messages .
denderatemple on August 21 , 2008 :
My favorite qoute is :
It is not flesh and blood but the heart which make us father and son .
John Juneau from Sierra Nevadas on August 20 , 2008 :
Thanks Maddie .
May I be so bold as to add a quote of my own ?
I take an early morning walk most days , and one morning seeing the length of my own shadow , I realized that this was a picture of the effects a father has on his children .
So my quote is simply :
A father casts a long shadow .
rmr from Livonia , MI on June 16 , 2008 :
Thanks .
As my kids grow older , I have gone from heroic fixer of bikes , and baiter of hooks , to knower of nothing .
It 's good to know I 'm not as clueless as my two teens seem to think .
mulder from Warnbro Western Australia on June 15 , 2008 :
This is a beautiful hub as a father myself this quotes are great .
Agro Donkey from Ohio on June 14 , 2008 :
My father gave me a great example as to how not to be a father .
I cherish everyday that I get to spend watching my daughter grow .
I take pride in her success ' and in her failures .
I am touched deeply by your hub and hope that many others take the time to read it .
Stephanie Marshall from Bend , Oregon on June 13 , 2008 :
Some good quotes to think about ( or even write in cards ) for Sunday !
Dottie1 from MA , USA on June 13 , 2008 :
Fantastic quotes about Fathers .
My Father taught me that you can learn anything you want without a college degree .
Lela Davidson from Bentonville , Arkansas on June 12 , 2008 :
These are great .
I especially love Bill Cosby .
Reichen - Abgabe Grönemeyer und Müller - Westernhagen wollen mehr Steuern zahlen
Immer mehr Prominente fordern Gerechtigkeit - und appellieren an die Bundesregierung , die Reichen stärker zu belasten .
Im SPIEGEL fordern nun Herbert Grönemeyer und Marius Müller - Westernhagen höhere Steuern .
Die übergroße Mehrheit der Bevölkerung wissen sie dabei hinter sich .
Here is the Weekly Summary and a Look Ahead
From Kim Murphy at the LA Times :
As businesses collapse , claimants still waiting for checks from BP
Across the gulf , residents already shellshocked by the tar balls , oil soup and dead sea life washing up on their beaches are now getting hit with a second wave : the sudden collapse of their livelihoods , and the equally intimidating challenge of getting BP to pay for it .
...
Hotels , restaurants , machine shops , bars , tour companies all became collateral damage when the Gulf of Mexico ... became an industrial cleanup site .
One real estate agent said his " phone quit ringing a month ago " , but is that because of the oil gusher or other factors ?
This will takes years to sort out ...
Since my son was born I 've tried to cut back on my cussing .
Generally , I reserve using the F bomb in post titles for only momentous occasions ( like Spore 's DRM debacle ) .
Today however , I will gladly drop it in praise of Frozen Synapse , a game you need to see to understand .
Frozen Synapse fell into my email box as part of their " buy 1 , get 1 free for a friend " campaign .
I had originally became interested in the game in part because of this Rock , Paper , Shotgun post .
Now that I 've had some time with the game I have only one thing to say : this game is bloody brilliant .
The basic premise is that players take turns moving soldiers around a battlefield .
The catch is that its simultaneous turn - based : both players make their moves and then let the actions play out at the same time .
This allows the game to be played over long periods of time or quickly in succession .
Player A can make their move and submit it to the server whether Player B is online or not .
Player B is free to return and make their move whenever they are free .
Once both players set their action ( known as the planning stage ) the outcome is played out .
Various game modes determine the win conditions .
Some are to destroy the enemy ; while other modes focus on rescuing hostages or defending / attacking zones on the map .
As can be seen in the video above , the game is simplistic in it 's graphical approach .
This allows it to run on almost any set of hardware .
My aging laptop that can barely play Torchlight in netbook mode can steam right through a match of Synapse .
My only gripe currently is the poor performance of the central server .
However , that is due to over - popularity of the beta .
Sometime this week a new server should be in place to help the issue .
This game is brilliant and I recommend it to anyone interested in the video .
Oh , and just search Youtube for gameplay videos as beta testers can instantly upload games after they 've been completed from the in - game menu .
Pretty snazzy stuff .
To anyone watching the oil spew into the Gulf of Mexico , the argument for curbing this country ’s appetite for fossil fuels could not be clearer .
President Obama was right last week when he called on America to unify behind a “ national mission ” to find alternative energy sources , sharply reduce its dependence on oil and cut its greenhouse gas emissions .
We were disappointed , however , that Mr. Obama ’s address failed to insist that the best way to do all of these things is to establish a broadly based , economywide cap - and - trade system that would put a price on carbon emissions .
He opened the door far too wide to alternative policies that are n’t real alternatives  and to more stalling .
A House bill approved last year would set up such a system .
Action in the Senate has been delayed for months , as Republicans , and some Democrats , have argued without any real proof that capping and pricing carbon emissions would cripple the economy by driving up the cost of energy .
On Wednesday , Democratic leaders , who have promised to bring an energy bill to the Senate floor after the Fourth of July recess but are nowhere near agreement on what should be in it , will troop down to the White House .
This time , Mr. Obama must stress , explicitly and emphatically , that a conventional energy bill will not do  and that attaching real costs to older , dirtier fuels now dumped free of charge into the atmosphere is the surest way to persuade American industry to develop cleaner fuels .
Detect Cancer Even Before It Begins
Do you think you will have cancer after four or five years ?
A question that could have drawn a blank just a few days earlier can be answered in the positive today .
All thanks to a ground - breaking blood test that is expected to help with cancer detection as early as five years before the disease surfaces , which is a feat not accomplished through either CT scans or mammograms .
This new technique , which can pick up early warnings of many types of cancers from the immune system , before they even begin , has been developed by Oncimmune Ltd , a diagnostic company affiliated to the University of Nottingham .
For millions of people around the globe , this remarkable technology could mean a difference between life and death ; a difference between living healthy and suffering .
This could change the whole diagnosis and treatment process for all types of solid cancers such as lung cancer , prostate cancer , ovarian cancer , colon cancer and breast cancer .
The name of this test is “ EarlyCDT - Lung ” and it will be launched in the USA this month , with a launch expected in the UK early next year .
As part of the research , the results were obtained from blood samples of high - risk patients with breast cancer , who had given blood samples for many years during their annual checkup , before they were finally diagnosed with cancer .
These blood samples showed that more than half of these cancers could have been detected up to four years before they were actually diagnosed .
Another study conducted at the Mayo Clinic in the United States arrived at similar results for lung cancer , where they could detect lung cancers as early as five years prior to when they were actually diagnosed .
EarlyCDT
Lung on its launch , will be used for diagnosing lung cancer for up to five years before a tumor appears .
Everyone who has ever smoked or are currently smoking and are aged between the ages of 40 and 70 are expected to be the target population for this test .
Even others who have ever been exposed to asbestos or even had secondary smoke exposure for long periods of time are also considered appropriate .
Experts in the medical field are of the opinion that this is nothing short of a miracle that has the potential to save the lives of millions world - wide .
Tags : cancer , cancer detection
Photojournalist Daniel Morel shot an iconic image of a shocked woman looking out from the rubble moments after last January ’s earthquake in Port au Prince , Haiti .
Within an hour , Morel jumped on Twitter to share 13 high resolution images he had uploaded on Twitpic .
By the next day , the photo of the woman was picked up by Agence France Presse ( AFP ) and Getty Images , was run on the cover of several publications and websites .
But Morel said he never authorized the news wires to distribute his images .
In fact , several of his images were credited to another person , Lisandro Suero of the Dominican Republic , who reportedly has no photographic background .
However , Suero tweeted Morel ’s images without the photographer ’s permission , and claimed copyright as his own :
And so began a legal storm .
Now Morel is being sued by AFP after he sent them cease and desist letters that the agency calls an “ antagonistic assertion of rights . ”
According to court documents , AFP claims that they did not infringe on Morel ’s copyright and is suing Morel for “ commercial disparagement , ” as well as “ demanding exorbitant payment . ”
AFP says that Twitter ’s Terms of Service allowed for them to use , copy and distribute the image , and that Morel did not specify limits on how the photo should be credited .
Morel responded , saying that he was not familiar with Twitter ’s TOS , and maintains that the images were stolen from his account without his permission , distributed and sold by the agency , which then “ induced ” other publications to violate Morel ’s copyright .
In a counterclaim to the agency ’s complaint , Morel ’s lawyer , Barbara Hoffman wrote :
To the extent that under the circumstances a specific intent in posting the images on Twitter can be attributed to Mr. Morel given the circumstances , … he posted his images online and advertised them on Twitter in the hopes that his images would span the globe to inform the world of the disaster , and that he would also receive compensation and credit as a professional photographer for breaking news of the earthquake before the news and wire services .
Some publications , including The Wall Street Journal , NBC , and the Associated Press contacted Morel to exchange compensation for his permission to publish .
Others did not .
In order to enforce his copyright , Morel sent several cease and desist notices to several publications .
It seems that the case really boils down to the semantics of the Twitter TOS .
What might be worth noting is that the court documents from AFP frequently cite Twitter ’s TOS , which mostly regards the text in Tweets , and does not extend to content linked to ( otherwise , entire sites ’ content might be considered royalty - free ) .
Morel uploaded on TwitPic , which has a separate Terms , and is an entirely separate entity from Twitter .
Media Nation blogger Dan Kennedy posted PDFs of AFP ’s complaint against Morel and Morel ’s answer .
Whatever the verdict , this suit may change the manner in which photographers and journalists transmit their data via social media , even in difficult emergency situations like post - quake Haiti .
Do you have legal insight , experience with copyright infringement , or any thoughts about social media and the TOS ?
EAST RUTHERFORD , N.J. -- New York Giants safety Antrel Rolle believes the turf at the New Meadowlands Stadium is the reason why wide receiver and returner Domenik Hixon is out for the year .
Rolle said he was watching when Hixon crumpled to the new FieldTurf untouched on a punt return and tore the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee on Tuesday .
" I was right there when it happened and I saw it right away , " Rolle told ESPNNewYork.com on Thursday after the Giants ' final practice of veterans ' minicamp .
" And I was like , ' Damn , it do n't look good . '
He did n't make a cut or anything .
It just got caught in the turf . "
Giants general manager Jerry Reese said on Wednesday that the new FieldTurf was not the reason why Hixon suffered his season - ending injury and that it could have happened on any surface .
Reese said the returner 's foot did not get caught in the turf .
Head coach Tom Coughlin initially said right after the Giants ' first practice in the $ 1.6 billion stadium on Tuesday that it appeared Hixon got his foot caught .
After reviewing the tape on Wednesday , Coughlin changed his mind , saying that he saw Hixon " turning a little bit , and he [ had ] a little hyper - extended kind of thing . "
Chip Namias , a spokesman for FieldTurf , said it typically takes a few weeks for the surface to settle in and he was told the team did not believe the field was responsible for Hixon 's injury .
" With all due and sincere respect to Antrel Rolle , who is a wonderful player , he is simply not medically trained or qualified to make such a statement , " Namias said on Thursday .
" The people who run NFL teams are ultra conscientious , and there 's a very good reason why 21 of the 32 member clubs use FieldTurf . "
But when the Giants took to the field to christen the new stadium during Tuesday 's open practice , some players said the turf felt soft and slippery .
" I thought it was real slippery , " wide receiver Steve Smith said .
" We were all slipping and stuff .
Hopefully it settles in when more people do stuff on it . "
Rolle said he could n't put his finger on what the turf felt like .
" I do n't know what it was , " Rolle said .
" My feet were burning at the bottom on the turf .
I was slipping on each and every play .
It just did n't feel good to me at all .
I can't lie to you about that .
I am not one to really complain or make excuses or anything but they should definitely look into that as far as playing on that field in the future during the season . "
Rolle said he initially thought he was the only one who felt a burning sensation in his feet .
" I thought maybe it was just me and my cleats , " Rolle said .
" But everyone 's feet were burning , guys had a hard time gripping , they were getting caught a lot . "
Coughlin said Hixon was wearing the proper , recommended cleats for the turf .
Hixon , a key contributor on special teams and a highly respected veteran in the locker room , was at the team facility early Thursday morning prior to media availability .
He was in good spirits , according to teammates .
Coughlin said he did n't want to talk or speculate about how Hixon got hurt .
" There is all kinds of ... you can speculate on whatever you want , " said Coughlin , who will now have to find a new punt returner .
" Fact of the matter is it was an injury that occurred when he was not hit .
He was running up the field and we are just going to leave it at that . "
Reese likened Hixon 's injury to a " freak thing " that happens in sports -- one that could have happened on grass or turf .
The general manager did go over to the stadium on Wednesday to further inspect the FieldTurf , which is the same surface the Giants and Jets played on in Giants Stadium -- except that the new one has n't been used as much yet .
" We talked about some things that maybe need to be changed in respect to the field , " Reese said .
" I talked to some people who are in charge of the field [ about ] the different amount of pellets that are in the FieldTurf , and there 's a tray system in the middle of the field where they 'll have a Jets and Giants logo that they will take in and out .
We are discussing if that is the right thing to do or not . "
Reese said that if there are any changes made to the field , it will be a joint decision between the Jets ' and Giants ' owners .
Namias said a crew worked on Wednesday and Thursday to remove seams around the tray system .
Hixon suffered his injury between the 35 - 40 - yard lines , nowhere near the seams .
Defensive end Justin Tuck , who described the field as soft , did n't blame the turf for the Giants losing Hixon for the season .
" You take a risk wherever you play , it does n't matter , grass , turf , artificial , concrete , " Tuck said .
" Sometimes you can do everything the right way and it still can have an effect .
" I did n't see anything Domenik did wrong .
I have seen Domenik make that cut , that move , hundreds of times and run by people .
This time something went wrong .
All you can do is go out there and play the game , not worry about it .
If you start worrying about something going wrong , that is when something goes wrong . "
Tuck believes once the new FieldTurf is used more and it settles in , the Giants will have a nice home - field advantage .
" That ground is really soft right now , " Tuck said .
" When you get out there more and kind of pack it down more and get more people running on it , then you will see that turf become a fast turf kind of like Giants Stadium was .
Time will make it better . "
Ohm Youngmisuk covers the Giants for ESPNNewYork.com .
Follow him on Twitter .
More from ESPNNewYork.com »
Curtis pointed to his own experience moderating comments on Fark , which allows users to give their often humorous take on the news of the day .
He said only one percent of Web comments have any value and called the rest " garbage . "
As an example Curtis pointed to the America Speaking Out website recently launched by House Republicans to allow the public to weigh in on the issues and vote for policy positions they support .
Curtis called the site an " absolute train wreck . "
" It 's an absolute disaster .
It 's impossible to tell who was kidding and who was n't , " Curtis said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Among the most popular positions as voted by site users are increasing prosecution of illegal aliens , legalizing marijuana and making English the official language of the U.S.
Other popular positions include reducing the size of government , repealing " Do n't ask , do n't tell " and eliminating earmarks and agricultural subsidies .
“ To be sure , a casual look at America Speaking Out early on could very well have turned up some of the loyal Fark commentors that Mr. Curtis is so familiar with , " said a spokesman for the project .
" We have a much less cynical view of the importance of open debate however .
That ’s why we ’ve been encouraging the thoughtful , honest conversations that have come to make up the overwhelming majority of content on America Speaking Out . ”
Curtis acknowledged the success of other crowd - sourced endeavors like YouTube or Wikipedia , but said those sites are successful because they have strong leadership and rely on a team of editors to sift the content .
" You need structure , also known as editing , " he said .
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) -- Amazon.com Inc. on Monday slashed the price of its Kindle to $ 189 from $ 259 , just hours after Barnes & Noble Inc. cut the cost of its competing e-book reader .
The latest round of price cuts reflects growing competition in the e-reader category , a trend that 's putting more pressure on market leader Amazon .
The introduction Apple Inc.'s AAPL , +1.50 % iPad tablet computer also has given consumers another option .
Earlier Monday , Barnes & Noble BKS , +0.16 % reduced the price of its e-reader , the Nook , by 23 % .
The new price is $ 199 , down from $ 259 .
B&N also introduced a new WiFi - only version for $ 149 .
Hours later , Amazon AMZN , +0.12 % responded with an even deeper price cut of 27 % .
Although Amazon is the leading seller of e-book readers , a handful of companies including B&N and Sony Corp. SNE , - 0.94 % now offer similar devices .
The resulting competition has spurred Amazon to cut prices several times since the original Kindle first went on sale in late 2007 , at $ 399 .
Despite falling e-reader prices , the cost of electronic books has remained flat or actually risen slightly as publishers seek a bigger piece of the pie .
Amazon has said its main focus is on selling e-books .
The company even gives away software that allows customers to read e-books on personal computers , iPhones and BlackBerrys .
As prices of e-readers fall , sales of both the devices themselves as well as e-books are sure to accelerate .
The research firm Yankee Group estimates more than 6 million e-readers will be sold in 2010 , with consumers becoming more interested as prices fall below $ 150 .
Later this year , Amazon reportedly will issue the next major update to the Kindle .
The third version of the device is expected to be lighter than the current 10.2 - ounce model and feature faster page turning , among other improvements .
One tool that the Bush Team used to approve MTR projects was an expedited permit process : Obama suspended this expedited process last week .
Instead , new surface coal mines in Appalachia are now required to obtain individual Clean Water Act ( CWA ) permits , which generally involve greater scrutiny and input from the public , and this often means trouble for MTR .
There are two primary permits available for MTR under the CWA : an individual permit or a Nationwide Permit ( NWP ) .
If a project might have a significant environmental impact -- such as the MTR impacts of decapitating mountaintops , burying streams , killing ecosystems etc. -- then an individual permit is required and it will often require the preparation of an EIS .
Individual permits also require public hearings so that interested parties ( often environmental groups and citizens in the area of the proposed project ) may evaluate and comment on the environmental impacts of the proposed project .
The NWP , on the other hand , is designed to regulate categories of activities on a nationwide basis in a streamlined process .
These NWPs are supposed to be limited to activities that will only cause minimal adverse environmental effects on both an individual and cumulative basis .
Despite this standard , an NWP # 21 was issued for valley fills ( dumping of tons of mining waste into streams that literally bury the stream and suffocate the ecosystems ) and surface impoundments .
In 2004 , a court enjoined the use of NWP # 21 for valley fills and surface impoundments , but was vacated by the Court of Appeals .
By suspending the NWP for MTR , Obama has increased the likelihood that an EIS will be required for the MTR mining .
This is no small accomplishment because recently an EIS was required for a huge MTR project but it might be the first " specific mountaintop removal proposal " to be required to prepare an EIS .
The EIS is a vital process to protect our natural resources and our health .
Based on this EIS , the EPA last May , proposed for the first time issuing a veto of a MTR mine that already had received one federal permit .
The reason for the veto is the significant environmental impacts disclosed by the EIS .
The sleazy Bush days of ignoring the rule of law are being reversed , step by step .
Other news in tonight 's Climate Change News Roundup :
BP NEWS
BP OIL GUSHER IMPACTS ON WILDLIFE & OCEAN CRITTERS
CLIMATE CHANGE & ENERGY
Hot Times in Antarctica :
The " world 's polar regions are warming up faster than the global average , but the western edge of the Antarctic Peninsula is especially steamy .
Over the past 50 years , winter temperatures have shot up by an almost unbelievable 6 °C - - more than five times the global average , according to a paper just published in Science . "
Major climate decisions may come from ozone treaty : " The obscure round of U.N. ozone treaty talks in Geneva , which few people are following , laid the groundwork this week for a possible decision in Uganda in November to halt the promotion of hydrofluorocarbons , or HFCs , which are manmade chemicals not found naturally in the environment , and are considered greenhouse gases . "
WATER & NATURAL RESOURCES
With 70 years of super - hero comics behind us , there have been a lot of super - powers on the printed page -- so many , in fact , that even the most dedicated comics reader can occasionally have a hard time keeping them straight .
tweetmeme_url = ' http://comicsalliance.com/2010/05/17/superhero-periodic-table-superpowers/'; tweetmeme_source = ' ComicsAlliance ' ; digg_url = ' http://digg.com/comics_animation/The_Periodic_Table_Of_Super_Powers_CHART';
That 's why ComicsAlliance senior writer Chris Sims took it upon himself to finally get things organized with The Periodic Table of Super - Powers , an arranged listing of 84 common ( and decidedly uncommon ) characteristics of your favorite super - heroes !
( Click for the full - sized version ! )
Enough plutonium to make dozens of nuclear bombs has n't been accounted for at the UC - run Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico and may be missing , an activist group says in a new report .
There is no evidence that the weapons - grade plutonium has been stolen or diverted for illegal purposes , the Institute for Energy and Environmental Research said .
However , the amount of unaccounted - for plutonium -- more than 600 pounds , and possibly several times that -- is so great that it raises " a vast security issue , " the group said in a report to be made public today .
The institute , which is based in Takoma Park , Md. , says it compared data from five publicly available reports and documents issued by the U.S. Energy Department and Los Alamos from 1996 to 2004 and found inconsistencies in them .
It says the records are n't clear on what the lab did with the plutonium , a byproduct of nuclear bomb research at Los Alamos .
A spokesman for UC , which manages the national laboratories at Los Alamos and Livermore for the Energy Department , did not address the report 's specifics but said the New Mexico lab tracks nuclear material " to a minute quantity . "
The report says there are several possible explanations for what happened to the plutonium .
They include :
--
It was discarded in unsafe amounts in landfills at the Los Alamos lab .
It is legal to discard weapons - grade plutonium in landfills , one of which is 40 feet deep , as long as the substance is sufficiently diluted .
However , if a landfill holds too much plutonium , the material can eventually contaminate the environment -- for example by leeching into groundwater or being absorbed by the roots of plants -- study co-author Arjun Makhijani said in an interview .
--
It was shipped to an Energy Department burial site in a New Mexico salt mine , without accurate records of such shipments being kept .
--
It was stolen or otherwise shipped off site for unknown reasons .
" If it has left the site , then it obviously has the most grievous security implications , " Makhijani said .
" I can not say that it has left the site , but the government has the responsibility to ensure that it has not .
" And the University ( of California ) obviously has a responsibility in this .
It should be a grave embarrassment for the university to be sitting on numbers like this and discrepancies like this , and not have resolved them . "
UC spokesman Chris Harrington said Los Alamos " does an annual inventory of special nuclear materials which is overseen by ( the Energy Department ) .
These inventories have been occurring for 20 - plus years .
Special nuclear materials are carefully tracked to a minute quantity . "
The report concludes that at least 661 pounds of plutonium generated at the lab over the last half - century is not accounted for .
The atomic bomb that was dropped on Nagasaki , Japan , in 1945 contained about 13 pounds of plutonium .
" The security implications . . . are extremely serious , since less than 2 percent of the lowest unaccounted - for plutonium is enough to make one nuclear bomb , " the report said .
The problem of plutonium accounting began worrying lab critics in the mid-1990s , when Energy Department officials released lab records as part of the Clinton administration 's openness initiative .
Critics found they had trouble determining exactly what the lab was doing with the plutonium waste that is generated during the manufacture of spherical plutonium " pits , " the fissile triggers of nuclear bombs .
Makhijani said he and colleagues from two other activist groups hoped the problem would be resolved in August 2004 , when they sent a letter of complaint to then - Los Alamos Director G. Peter Nanos .
Nanos was trying to reform lab operations after highly publicized scandals over UC management of Los Alamos .
Nanos and lab officials did not respond , though , and nine months later Nanos left for a different job .
Makhijani said he and associates had decided to make their report public to dramatize federal officials ' failure to resolve the puzzle of the missing plutonium .
Makhijani received his engineering doctorate at UC Berkeley with specialization in plasma physics and nuclear fusion .
The institute is funded by sources including the Ford Foundation and San Francisco 's Ploughshares Fund .
UC has joined Bechtel National and other industrial partners in a bid to retain its contract to run Los Alamos , in a competition against a consortium consisting of Lockheed - Martin , the University of Texas , several New Mexico universities and various industrial partners .
Makhijani says he is n't taking sides in the competition but that he would prefer the weapons labs be run by industrial contractors rather than universities .
The reason , he said , is that university connections to the weapons labs tend to lead to restraints on free inquiry and speech within the universities .
City cops are livid over a legislative proposal that could handcuff the brave officers involved in life - and - death confrontations every day — requiring them to shoot gun-wielding suspects in the arm or leg rather than shoot to kill , The Post has learned .
The “ minimum force ” bill , which surfaced in the Assembly last week , seeks to amend the state penal codes ’ “ justification ” clause that allows an officer the right to kill a thug if he feels his life or someone else ’s is in imminent danger .
The bill — drafted in the wake of Sean Bell ’s controversial police shooting death — would force officers to use their weapons “ with the intent to stop , rather than kill ” a suspect .
They would be mandated to “ shoot a suspect in the arm or the leg . ”
Under present NYPD training , cops are taught to shoot at the center of their target and fire their weapon until the threat has been stopped .
“ These are split - second , spontaneous events — and officers have to make a full assessment in a fraction of a second , ” said an angry Michael Paladino , president of the Detectives Endowment Association .
“ It is not realistic , and it exists only in cartoons .
“ It ’s moronic and would create two sets of rules in the streets if there is a gunfight .
This legislation would require officers to literally shoot the gun out of someone ’s hand or shoot to wound them in the leg or arm .
I do n’t know of any criminal who does n’t shoot to kill .
They are not bound by any restrictions . ”
“ The legislators have their heads buried in the sand , and we would not be able to fully protect the public or ourselves . ”
In fact , NYPD officers and detectives hit their targets only 17 percent of the time because of the incredibly stressful circumstances surrounding a shooting .
Paladino , whose association represents 5,100 investigators , said he showed the bill last week to Vice President Joe Biden , who scoffed and suggested it be dubbed “ The John Wayne Bill ” because it demands sharp - shooting skills of the kind only seen in movies .
Sponsored by Brooklyn Assembly Members Annette Robinson ( D - Bedford Stuyvesant ) and Darryl Towns ( D - East New York ) , the bill came up at the Assembly Codes Committee but was held for further consideration rather than killed or put to vote before the full Assembly .
They did not immediately comment .
Assemblyman Joseph Lentol , the Codes Committee chair from Fort Greene and Williamsburg , said that the bill is well - intentioned but that the language may need changing .
THE PROPOSAL
Section of Assembly Bill A02952
“ A police officer or peace officer . . . uses such force with the intent to stop , rather than kill . . . and uses only the minimal amount of force necessary to effect such stop . ”
THE CURRENT LAW
Section of state Penal Law S 35.15 ( 2 ) ( a ) ( ii )
“ A person may not use deadly physical force upon another person . . . unless : he or she is . . . a police officer or peace officer or a person assisting a police officer or a peace officer at the latter ’s direction . ”
murray.weiss@nypost.com
We begin the interview by going through the events that led to Gary 's arrest , starting with his early interest in the UFO phenomenon and how that led to his decision to hack the US government 's computers .
We talk about the motivations behind his decision to pursue hacking as a means to get UFO secrets .
Gary goes over the events of his arrest and how the UK officials ' stance on his crimes changed after they 'd been briefed by US officials .
We find out the motivations of Gary 's side in this legal fight and what they are looking for with regards to how the case may play out .
We find out at what point in the legal process did Gary 's motivations of finding UFO secrets come to light and what the reaction of UK and US officials was to that revelation .
What does Gary 's family think of the charges against him and what does he fear most about the charges against him .
We talk about the other famous UK UFO Hacker , Matthew Bevan , and what made his case different from Gary 's case .
We talk about the addictive nature of hacking and what the reaction to his case has been from the hacking community .
We also find out the extent of the computer limitations that have been placed on Gary by prosecutors .
Did Gary have an end game in mind when he was hacking the computers and did he fear the eventuality of an arrest .
We reflect on why Gary does n't have any " hard evidence " from his days searching for UFO secrets in the government computers .
He talks about some of the circumstantial evidence he did see .
We find out why Gary did n't print out any of the pictures he saw or save them for future use .
He goes , in - depth , over the story of hacking NASA and looking for UFO pictures .
Is there a larger , known , community of hackers specifically looking for UFO secrets ?
We cover the " non-terrestrial officers " aspect of his story from a number of different angles .
We find out how long Gary was hacking NASA and what else he may have found .
We cover the various organizations and events that Gary may have hacked into , ranging from DARPA , 911 , the CIA , FBI , NSA , and HAARP .
Gary talks about the US government 's plea bargain deal that he did not take and why he did n't take it .
Did any aspect of the potential for employment come up with the prosecutors .
Playing Devil 's Advocate , we ask how Gary answers the critics who do n't believe he was actually looking for UFO secrets .
What does Gary think of the attention that his story has drawn from the media , both mainstream and esoteric .
Gary talks about how the UFO aspect of his story hurts his case in some ways and also how it has been pushed aside in the UK in favor of coverage of extradition laws .
Why there was a 3 year period between the original charges being filed and Gary speaking out to the media and how his first interview with Jon Ronson came about .
He also talks about the strange trend of the media portraying him as a " kid " and why he thinks that has come about .
Gary dissuades the rumours of nefarious circumstances that kept him from appearing on Coast to Coast AM .
Is Gary particularly frustrated that he has no bargaining chip in the form of pictures or hard UFO evidence .
We also find out about whatever additional evidence he may have had that was seized by the government .
Gary talks about a few strange events that have happened since his story broke , including some stuff that 's he 's never told anyone before .
Has Gary heard from anyone within Ufology , either for support or criticism .
Has Gary heard anything about the case from the UK Ministry of Defense UFO Department .
What 's the extent of the help that Gary is receiving from Steven Greer .
How does Gary feel about being characterized as a " martyr for Ufology " .
What 's the timetable for Gary 's case from here .
How long does Gary think it will take for this case to be entirely settled .
Does Gary discourage folks from hacking for UFO secrets and was his hacking for UFO secrets worth it .
Is Gary sitting on any additional information that he 's waiting to use that may be helpful for him in the future .
We wrap it up with the story behind www.freegary.org.uk and how folks can help Gary out .
