therawstory
Nick Juliano
The Bush administration ’s practice of relying on classified legal “ opinions ” from the Justice Department ’s Office of Legal Council to reinterpret laws to mean whatever the president needs them to mean has produced such gems as “ extraordinary rendition ” and “ enhanced interrogation . ”
With George W. Bush just a few short months from returning to his Texas ranch full time , two Democratic lawmakers have introduced legislation that would prevent the White House ’s next occupant from engaging in similar efforts to rewrite the law .
“ This administration has used OLC opinions to develop a secret set of binding rules that fly in the face of laws passed by Congress on matters ranging from torture to warrantless wiretapping , ” Sen . Russ Feingold ( D - WI ) said in a news release .
“ By hiding these opinions from view , the administration prevents Congress from restoring the rule of law through oversight or legislation .
This bill represents an important step toward curbing secret law and restoring the balance of power between the White House and Congress . ” 
Feingold , who has been among the fiercest critics of the administration ’s power grabs , introduced the OLC Reporting Act in the Senate , with Rep. Brad Miller ( D - NC ) introducing companion legislation in the House .
It ’s unlikely the bill will be passed this year — and even if it was , Bush would almost certainly veto it — but the legislation provides a starting point for the next Congress to begin undoing Bush ’s damage .
According to a release from Feingold ’s office , the bill would :
Â· Require the Attorney General to notify Congress within 30 days when the Justice Department issues a legal opinion that :
o concludes that a federal statute is unconstitutional ;
o relies on the “ doctrine of constitutional avoidance , ”  which was used by Yoo and his colleagues to justify strained interpretations of the law ;
o relies on other interpretive tools to avoid applying the law to the executive branch ; or
o decides that a federal law has been repealed by a later statute when the later statute does not say so explicitly .
Â· Retain existing statutory protections for privileged information , while ensuring that Congress receives the information necessary to perform its legislative and oversight functions .
Â· Protect national security through special procedures for the submission of classified information .
Feingold recently held hearings on Bush ’s reliance on secret law in the Judiciary Subcommittee on the Constitution , which he chairs .
The Wisconsin Democrat is among the Senate ’s fiercest civil libertarians and was an outspoken opponent of the Foreign Intelligence Service Act amendments Congress adopted earlier this year .
In keeping with his focus on instituting corrections in the next administration , Feingold held a hearing Tuesday on restoring the rule of law .
( Original Article )
Brad and Angelina 's New Home in Berlin
andare on the move again , this time taking up residence in a 30,000 square foot villa on the outskirts of Berlin , Germany .
The entire Jolie - Pitt brood , who most recently resided at the swanky Chateau Miraval in in the South of France , arrived at the Tempelhof airport in Berlin by private plane on Tuesday afternoon and headed to their new digs - the Palais Parkschloss on the shores of Wannsee Lake .
The residence includes a helicopter landing pad , private dock and a full security system .
A staff of 14 bodyguards , personal chefs and nannies are also part of the package .
Brad is in Germany to work on Quentin Tarrantino 's movie Inglorious Bastards , which begins filming in three weeks .
View more photos of Palais Parkschloss below .
We wanted to give you an update on the post below where we described Sen.
McCain ’s latest gaffe in which he seemed to suggest that he might not be willing to meet with Spanish Prime Minster Zapatero because he is among those world leaders who want to harm America .
The story is already getting picked up pretty quickly in the Spanish press .
And the way it ’s being interpreted in the Spanish press is that McCain got confused about the fact that Spain is a country in Europe , rather than a rogue state in Latin America .
Our review of the audio suggests the same conclusion .
In the interview , McCain is asked about Hugo Chavez , the situation in Bolivia and then about Raul Castro .
He responds to each of these with expected answers about standing up to America ’s enemies , etc .
Then the interviewer switches gears and asks about Zapatero , the Spanish Prime Minister .
And McCain replies — very loose translation — that he ’ll establish close relations with our friends and stand up to those who want to do us harm .
The interviewer has a double take and seems to think McCain might be confused .
So she asks it again .
But McCain sticks to the same evasive answer .
This is obviously a story that ’s difficult to get a handle on because of multiple layers of translation and retranslation .
So I would ask that those of you who are speak Spanish fluently to review this article in El Pais and the audio in the post below , and let us know any other information you find .
Palin promotes general after he changes his stance on her experience John Byrne and Mike Sheehan
Published : Tuesday September 9 , 2008
Print This Email This Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin has promoted an adjutant - general in the Alaska National Guard to Lieutenant General after he reversed course on remarks that seemed to criticize the now - Republican candidate for Vice President .
Last Wednesday , Maj. Gen. Craig Campbell suggested to the Boston Globe that Gov. Sarah Palin 's role as commander of the state 's National Guard was largely ceremonial , thus blunting attempts by the McCain campaign to assert she had foreign policy experience .
" Our National Guard is basically just like any National Guard , " Campbell told the paper .
" You could call [ Adjutant General ] Joe Carter in Massachusetts and he would say he is organized the same way . "
" She is very much engaged in what we are doing and she asks a lot of questions , " Campbell added .
" Maybe not the most engaged , but definitely engaged .
He noted that 75 percent of the Guard 's budget is controlled by the National Guard Bureau in Washington , and that Alaska 's anti-nuclear missile site is not under his or Palin 's purview .
Later in the week , however , Campbell appeared on Fox News to tout Palin 's candidacy .
" I 'll tell you , in the last few days , I 've been watching the press , and I 've not been very pleased with what I 've been seeing about the chastising of the National Guard by having it diminished by the insinuation that a commander - in - chief of the National Guard does n't really control the military , " he remarked .
" The National Guard has 500,000 people in it around this great country , serving in states and overseas .
National Guards are state military forces run by governors , and Sarah Palin does it great . "
On Monday , he was quietly promoted .
A statement -- issued by Palin 's office -- asserted that the promotion signified " Governor Sarah Palin 's support of the Guard and her commitment to reinforcing the cooperation between federal and state military assets . "
" Palin took the opportunity to promote Campbell ahead of any pending emergency that may occur with the upcoming fall storm season , " it added .
" This allows Alaska to have more of a say in times of state disasters . "
" This is about Alaskans serving Alaskans , " Palin said in the release .
" The promotion is a statement that the Alaska National Guard is the state military force responsible for responding to state issues , at the direction of the Governor .
The decision to promote the Adjutant General to Lieutenant General is based on a fundamental states '- rights stance , for which Alaska has a strong historical position . "
The promotion was first noted by VoteVets ' Brandon Friedman .
At least one Alaskan National Guardsman has expressed outrage at the promotion .
In a posting on the blog of an Alaska radio host , a man who claims to be a member of the Alaska National Guard expressed his ire .
" The Guardsmen found out about this travesty when a call went out for volunteers to fill the room for his ceremony , " the Guardsman wrote .
" The response was almost non-existent . "
Campbell 's promotion is largely ceremonial , the poster noted .
Only the federal level of the national guard is able to promote individuals to the Major General rank .
" General Campbell 's promotion will be a ' state ' promotion , " he said .
" He will be a three - star general only while on State business .
In a very rank - conscious environment , this distinction will not be lost on the other Flag Officers .
He will look the part of a three - star general but will not be regarded as one by the very people he needs to work with and influence . "
" No one can be promoted to the top ranks because of perceived leadership deficiencies but even with his obvious leadership flaws , he has no reluctance whatsoever to accept a cosmetic promotion , " he added .
" I believe the Governor 's office will receive substantial correspondence urging her to reconsider this insult to the men and women of the Alaska National Guard . "
By Neal Rogers
Armstrong at Leadville last month Photo : Joseph Kreiss
Lance Armstrong will come out of retirement next year to compete in five road races with the Astana team , according to sources familiar with the developing situation .
Armstrong , who turns 37 this month , will compete in the Amgen Tour of California , Paris - Nice , the Tour de Georgia , the Dauphiné Libéré and the Tour de France — and will race for neither salary nor bonuses , the sources , who asked to remain anonymous , told VeloNews .
Armstrong ’s manager , Mark Higgins , did not respond to questions .
And an Astana spokesman denied the report to The Associated Press .
“ He is no part of our team , ” Astana team press officer Philippe Maertens told the AP in an e-mail .
“ Team Astana has no plans with him . ”
However , sources close to the story have told VeloNews that an exclusive article on the matter will be published in an upcoming issue of Vanity Fair , expected later this month .
Vanity Fair editors did not respond to requests for comment .
Rumors of Armstrong ’s return swirled at last week ’s Eurobike trade show in Germany and this week ’s Tour of Missouri .
The rumor speculates that Armstrong will reunite with former team manager Johan Bruyneel at Team Astana — a viable option given Armstrong ’s long - lasting relationships not only with the Belgian director but also Trek , Astana ’s bike sponsor .
According to sources , the Texan will post all of his internally tested blood work online , in an attempt to establish complete transparency and prove that he is a clean athlete .
The rumor , which has been rampant for nearly a month , gained legs when former Discovery Channel team director Dirk Demol signed with Astana for 2009 .
“ I am excited to be reunited with Johan Bruyneel , ” Demol said .
“ What Johan has been able to do this year with Team Astana is quite special and admirable and I look forward to being a part of his program once again .
It will be a new team with some familiar faces , but I know the winning philosophy and structure have remained the same . ”
Other rumors are that Armstrong will continue to pursue mountain bike racing , and may try his hand at cyclocross as well .
Should Armstrong return with Astana , it would bolster a squad that arguably boasts the sport ’s best stage - racing team .
In Missouri , Columbia rider George Hincapie , a close friend of Armstrong ’s and the only man to ride on all seven of the Texan ’s Tour winning teams , simply smiled when asked what he knew about the rumor , saying , “ I do n’t know anything . ”
Armstrong re-enrolled himself into the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency ’s out - of - competition testing pool prior to August ’s Leadville Trail 100 mountain bike race , where he finished second to Dave Wiens , said USA Cycling chief operating officer Sean Petty .
USADA rules state that any athlete who wishes to come out of retirement must enroll in the USADA out - of - competition testing program for at least six months in advance of regaining eligible status .
A return to racing would no doubt bring large crowds to American races , and could perhaps save the Tour de Georgia , which is struggling to land a title sponsor .
Petty said that should Armstrong wish to return to racing , “ it would be one of the most exciting things to happen to American racing since he won his seventh Tour .
Depending on his plan , if that is what he wanted to do , it would be tremendously exciting and would generate a tremendous amount of attention on the sport , and on what he ’s doing .
People would be very interested to see how he would do in a comeback . ”
The last big - name rider to return from retirement was Italian Mario Cipollini , who signed with Rock Racing and competed at this year ’s Amgen Tour of California after three years away from the sport .
Cipollini failed to win a stage , but took third in a field sprint and said , “ This finish means as much to me as any victory . ”
Following the race Cipollini had a contractual dispute with Rock team owner Michael Ball and left the team .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Perhaps the most disturbing thing about today ’s revelation that John Edwards — in the midst of launching a presidential campaign — indeed had an affair , is that the National Enquirer was spot on , eight months ago .
In his ABC confessional , to air tonight on Primetime , Edwards points out that the Enquirer got it right when it reported that he met with his lady friend at the Beverly Hilton two weeks ago .
Edwards still denies the baby - daddy accusation , saying he is not the father of Rielle Hunter ’s child , though DNA may be called for given his truth track record here .
Makes one wonder , did the DNC finally have its act together on this one ?
Think about it , if his “ friends and supporters ” knew enough to perhaps pay her living expenses ( which Edwards suggests in tonight ’s interview ) then perhaps some organized party machinery pushed him out of the limelight just in time .
I mean , the man with the Plan to Build One America , set out some lofty plans for this country .
But Americans want their politicians faithful and straight ( or at least as far as they know ) .
I have been following this sad story , admittedly with some gossip shame .
But also as a member of the non -tab media who ’s supposed to toss away gossip rags as sources of anything credible .
But the Enquirer , and Jossip , one of my new favorite blogs , have been all over this story .
( One link I sent to a fellow editor at Mother Jones got returned with the note : “ Jossip.com , huh ? ”
To which I responded , “ Gossip can pay the most unlikely dividends . ” )
There is more truthiness than we dare to admit in the supermarket aisles .
Sure there is a ton of trash and nonsense , but it would behoove all of us journalistas to pick up on the trail they break sometimes .
Though perhaps part of the reason we did n’t in this case , we like to tell ourselves , is , what a worthy politician does in his personal life is his own business .
But is it , ever ?
And when they pay their lady friend campaign money to make webisodes , what then of the divide ?
Two Americas , media people , the gossip rags and the rest of us .
This round goes to the rags .
Solar Thin Film Technology Attracts Big Players in Japan
August 24th , 2008 by Carol Gulyas
Thin film solar technology has attracted interest from venture capitalists because of its higher efficiency , lower use of limited silicon , and more easily automated production processes .
Now , established Japanese players in the solar arena are getting in the thin film game , followed by companies in China and India , as reported in Renewable Energy World .
Mitsubishi Chemical already produces materials for the solar industry but sees opportunity to produce the cells themselves
Sanyo is an established producer of crystalline solar cells , but has opened an Advanced PV Development Center in Gifu , Japan to concentrate on developing thin film technology .
This is good news for solar energy advocates , as these companies have the capital and the knowledge base to ramp up production more rapidly than startups , while increasing efficiency and cost savings .
According to Sanyo’s Makoto Tanaka :
“ ‘ Our target date for volume production was 2012 , but in order to move that up , we ’ve decided to invest an additional US $ 14 million , ’ said Tanaka , bringing total investment … to some US $ 70 M through 2010 .
He noted that the production ramp should be eased because part of the new process is very similar to that already used in Sanyo ’s mainstay heterojunction with intrinsic thin - layer ( HIT ) cells , which sandwich a single - crystal silicon substrate between layers of amorphous silicon thin films . ”
Sadly , the United States is not one of the countries competing on this scale with Sanyo and Mitsubishi , who see their main competition coming from China and India .
Though the U.S. company Nanosolar has been a leading innovator in thin film , and Open Energy is making big inroads in the production of Building Integrated Photovoltaic ( BIPV ) modules using thin film tech , they are still comparatively small players in the space , along with FirstSolar .
Let ’s hope that the U.S. steps up to provide the kind of legislative support that U.S. companies need to move forward at a faster pace in developing new solar technologies .
Related Posts :
Image Credit : Ovonic.com
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
We have every kind of office supply you can think of , and all at the best prices possible .
Have a look around our site , and check out our videos , or join the discussion .
It can be easy to be spoilt for choice when shopping for a gaming chair .
There are just so many to choose from , and they all have different features .
Here is a simple guide on choosing features that you need on your dream gaming chair .
What Works For You ?
1 ) Type :
The features you should choose depend entirely on your gaming habits and preferences .
First of all , ensure that the chair you purchase is the right kind for your gaming medium .
There are different types of chairs specifically for gaming consoles ...
Every business , especially new businesses , need to find ways to reduce their costs , and their printed materials are often seen as one of the areas where they can do that .
But it can also prove to be a big mistake if they do n't go about it in the right way .
So just how should companies look at reducing their printed material costs ?
One of the first things you can look at doing is printing everything yourself .
This is really only a viable option if you have the time to print out everything you need and if yo ...
When it comes to deciding whether to pay for extended iPad 3 insurance , the answer is n't always obvious .
Of course , it comes at a cost , but there 's also the â€œwhat ifâ€ factor .
â€ œWhat ifâ€ something happens to your iPad , such as an accidental drop by yourself or your child , an accidental spill of coffee , or your child thinking it could be fun to see if your iPad can float in a pool !
Life is what it is , and we have no control over it ; however , before making your decision on extended insu ...
Despite the fact that the iPad is clearly a tablet computer , designed for entertainment and connectivity on the move , and the Macbook Air is a fully functional laptop , the two are often compared to one another .
Now that Apple have released the lightweight , sleek and small Macbook Air , there seems to be a crossover between the two .
But which one of these devices should you choose ?
Portability
The main selling point of both of these gadgets - although they do things differently - is that they 're portable .
A ...
With his sobbing family looking on in a San Francisco courtroom , former KGO radio host Bernie Ward today completed his tumble from one of the Bay Area ’s most popular liberal voices on the local airwaves to a pariah caught up in the world of online child pornography .
Chief U.S. District Judge Vaughn Walker sentenced
Ward to seven years and three months in federal prison , calling the disgraced celebrity a “ troubled individual ” whose downfall is a “ personal tragedy . ”
Ward now must turn himself in to U.S. Marshals by noon Friday to begin his prison term .
Ward declined to comment after the hearing , where his family and friends sat in the gallery , his wife and son in the front row clutching each others ’ hands .
Ward hugged his family when he emerged from the courtroom and walked away with his lawyer .
Before the sentence was handed down , Ward spoke briefly to the judge , saying , “ I regret the harm this has caused my family , my friends , and this community . ”
The 57 - year - old Ward pleaded guilty earlier this year to one count of distributing child pornography , the result of an investigation that was triggered by his online chats with an online dominatrix who turned him in to police when she grew concerned about images he had of young children .
The former Roman Catholic priest and father of four went into federal court in San Francisco knowing he would be headed to prison for a minimum of five years under strict federal sentencing guidelines for child porn cases .
In fact , the hearing highlighted the harsh penalties defendants now face when convicted of downloading child porn onto their computers .
Even Walker said he was “ not at all convinced ” that sending defendants such as Ward to prison is the best way to address the societal problem of child porn proliferating on the Internet .
Ward is one of the mounting numbers of defendants in the Bay Area and across the country facing federal convictions for child porn .
A recent Mercury News analysis found that child porn prosecutions in the federal courts have jumped from just a few dozen in the mid-1990s to thousands per year in the nation ’s federal courts .
But federal prosecutors urged Walker to sentence Ward to nine years in prison , describing his conduct in recent court papers as “ amoral , universally unacceptable and aberrant . ”
The government ’s court documents alleged that Ward possessed images of sex acts on children as young as three years old , and revealed his online exchanges with the dominatrix in which he discussed his sexual attraction to children .
“ These images depicted these minors suffering the most horrific torment , ” Steve Grocki , a Justice Department lawyer who led the Ward prosecution , said to Walker .
“ He traded in the currency of human suffering . ”
Under his plea agreement , Ward admitted sending dozens of porn images via email .
But his lawyer urged Walker to impose the lowest possible sentence , saying Ward began downloading the images as part of journalism research that went awry , spiralling out of control when he began drinking heavily .
Doron Weinberg , Ward ’s attorney , told Walker the child porn downloading “ spanned a brief period in an exemplary life . ”
“ What is profoundly sad is that Bernie Ward is a good man , ” Weinberg told the judge .
Dozens of Ward ’s supporters wrote letters to the judge , extolling the talk show host and urging leniency .
At the same time , groups aligned against child abuse have pressed for the harshest possible sentence for Ward to make an example of him in the fight against online child porn .
Ward filled KGO ’s airwaves for three hours every night , an outspoken liberal who took on the Iraq war , conservative causes and President George W. Bush .
He also hosted the station ’s “ God Talk ” show on Sunday mornings , now hosted by San Jose State professor Brent Waters , who plans to discuss the child pornography issue on this Sunday ’s show .
KGO fired Ward after the child porn charges came to light .
Contact : Howard Mintz at hmintz@mercurynews.com or 408-286-0236
Following the instructions on the Makin ' Bacon box , I covered the bacon with a paper towel to reduce potential splatter .
I then microwaved it on high for 90 seconds .
The bacon at the top ( where it bends over the beam , was thoroughly cooked ( almost overcooked ) .
However , some of the fatty parts were still soft and partially unrendered .
The texture of the bacon was thick and crunchy ( similar to the microwaved bacon from the first test ) .
There was also a slight off flavor to the bacon indicative of heating the bacon to too high of a temperature .
It is definitely a very fast way to cook and with the Makin Bacon dish , a reasonable number of pieces can be cooked at the same time .
As advertised , the bacon grease dripped down into the plastic container .
The instructions recommend pouring out the bacon grease but why waste a good thing ?
After the grease cools , simply spoon it out into a storage container and store in the refrigerator .
The grease collected was fairly clean with some small pieces of bacon in it .
I prepared a grill with low heat ( about 300 - 350 degrees ) and laid out the bacon onto the cooking surface .
Flipping the bacon every five minutes , they reached doneness in twenty minutes time .
With this method , the meaty portions were chewy ( but not overly so ) while the fat was light and crisp .
There were also no off flavors to the bacon .
Because of the texture and flavor , this was Tina 's favorite cooking method .
Because the bacon grease dripped down into the grill , there was no grease to collect and save afterward ; there was also no clean up required .
Depending on the size of your grill , you can cook a great deal of bacon at once .
I seemed to have lost the pictures that accompanied this baking technique - but their not much to look at anyway , it 's just an oven .
I laid out strips of bacon onto a wire rack and positioned a wire rack on a foil lined half sheet pan .
I placed the pan in an oven preheated to 200 °F ( 93 °C ) and waited .
The theory was that the low heat would penetrate the bacon slowly and as the bacon cooked the fat would render , but without increasing the bacon temperature to a level where the preserving agents of cured meat begin to react and form new compounds producing an off taste ( and potentially carcinogenic substances - but more chemicals such as ascorbic acid or erythorbic acid are added these days to help mitigate these effects ) .
Unfortunately , I do not know how long the bacon was in the oven because I forgot to look at the time and fell asleep .
My best estimate is that the bacon baked for about 3 hours .
The baking resulted in extremely straight pieces of bacon that I found to have exceptional taste and flavor as compared to the pan frying and grilling ( the microwaved bacon 's off taste was really apparent next to the baked bacon ) .
The texture was crispy throughout .
Since flavor and texture were great , this is my favorite cooking method .
( Tina prefers a little chewier meat and still likes the grilled method the best . )
The long cooking time means this method is best for cooking bacon in large quantities ( multiple pans ) and then bagging and refrigerating them for future use .
The bacon grease collected from the half sheet pan was pure white and completely devoid of charred bits .
As a control , I cooked the bacon in the same way as the " winning " method from the first bacon test - pan frying .
I placed three strips of bacon in a cold pan and placed it over low heat .
After fifteen minutes of cooking while turning the bacon occasionally , the bacon was done .
The bacon was light and crispy with a little chewiness to the meat .
The grilled method 's results came closest to this bacon .
The bacon grease remaining in the pan had a pale gray - brown color and was spotted with charred bits and pieces of bacon .
If you 're in a rush , microwaving works - but for the best flavor and texture either grill or bake ( in advance ) .
If you own a propane grill , cooking bacon over the grill is easier and more convenient than doing it on a stove top .
However , if you do n't mind spending the time , baking produces the best results with pure bacon grease for use later ( may I suggest clam chowder ? ).}?>
It 's often said that patents are necessary to innovation ; and that America 's economic success over the last two centuries can be partly attributed to our patent laws .
In comments to his Techdirt post on " Intellectual Property , " Mike Masnick comments :
[ Economic historian Eric Schiff ] looked at countries that got rid of their patent system , and found it INCREASED innovation because there was MORE competition in the marketplace .
That is companies focused on making more goods for the market , rather than focusing just on patenting things and not having to compete in the market .
Look at the history of the steam engine -- which only grew the market AFTER the patents expired , because James Watt made it prohibitively expensive to use , and no innovation could occur until the patents were gone .
Look at the research of Petra Moser , who found that countries without patent systems innovate just as much , if not more , than those with patent systems .
In a Newsweek article , Patent Nonsense , author George Monbiot notes :
In Industrialisation without National Patents , published in 1971 , the economic historian Eric Schiff tells the story of the emergence of some of Europe 's biggest corporations .
They came into being in Switzerland and the Netherlands during the period ( 1850 - 1907 in Switzerland ; 1869 -1912 in the Netherlands ) in which neither country recognised patents .
Some of them appear to owe their very existence to this exemption .
In the Netherlands the old patent laws were clumsy and poorly drafted .
The government decided they were unreformable , and simply scrapped them .
In Switzerland , the confederation developed without them , and decided to keep it that way .
Contrary to all current predictions of what the impact of such abrogations would be , in both nations they appear to have contributed to massive economic growth and innovation .
As noted here , " Switzerland and the Netherlands eventually adopted patent laws in response to threats from other industrialised nations .
This , Schiff argues , was a political decision , not an economic one .
It is , he notes , " difficult to avoid the impression " that the absence of patent laws " furthered , rather than hampered development " . "
See also Petra Moser , How Do Patent Laws Influence Innovation ?
Evidence from Nineteenth - Century World Fairs ( SSRN copy ) .
Its Abstract states :
This paper introduces a new internationally comparable data set that permits an empirical investigation of the effects of patent law on innovation .
The data have been constructed from the catalogues of two 19th century world fairs : the Crystal Palace Exhibition in London , 1851 , and the Centennial Exhibition in Philadelphia , 1876 .
They include innovations that were not patented , as well as those that were , and innovations from countries both with and without patent laws .
I find no evidence that patent laws increased levels of innovative activity but strong evidence that patent systems influenced the distribution of innovative activity across industries .
Inventors in countries without patent laws concentrated in industries where secrecy was effective relative to patents , e.g. , food processing and scientific instruments .
These results suggest that introducing strong and effective patent laws in countries without patents may have stronger effects on changing the direction of innovative activity than on raising the number of innovations .
See also Petra Moser : Patents do not increase innovation , The Abstract Factory blog ( Aug. 19 , 2003 ) ; Teresa Riordan , A Stroll Through Patent History , N.Y. Times ( Sept. 29 , 2003 ) ; and Brad DeLong , Petra Moser on Nineteenth - Century Innovation , Semi-Daily Journal ( Aug. 17 , 2003 ) .
U.S. agents can seize travelers ' laptops : report
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. federal agents have been given new powers to seize travelers ' laptops and other electronic devices at the border and hold them for unspecified periods the Washington Post reported on Friday .
Under recently disclosed Department of Homeland Security policies , such seizures may be carried out without suspicion of wrongdoing , the newspaper said , quoting policies issued on July 16 by two DHS agencies .
Agents are empowered to share the contents of seized computers with other agencies and private entities for data decryption and other reasons , the newspaper said .
DHS officials said the policies applied to anyone entering the country , including U.S. citizens , and were needed to prevent terrorism .
The measures have long been in place but were only disclosed in July , under pressure from civil liberties and business travel groups acting on reports that increasing numbers of international travelers had had their laptops , cellphones and other digital devices removed and examined .
The policies cover hard drives , flash drives , cell phones , iPods , pagers , beepers , and video and audio tapes -- as well as books , pamphlets and other written materials , the report said .
The policies require federal agents to take measures to protect business information and attorney - client privileged material .
They stipulate that any copies of the data must be destroyed when a review is completed and no probable cause exists to keep the information .
( Reporting by Paul Eckert , editing by Alan Elsner )
Next Mars Soil Scoop Slated For Last Of Lander 's Wet Lab Cells
September 9 , 2008 ---
The next soil sample that NASA 's Phoenix Mars Lander will deliver to its deck instruments will go to the fourth of the four cells of Phoenix 's wet chemistry laboratory , according to the Phoenix team 's current plans .
The chosen source for that sample is from the " Snow White " trench on the eastern end of the work area reachable with Phoenix 's robotic arm .
In July that trench yielded a sample in which another analytical instrument , the Thermal and Evolved Gas Analyzer ( or TEGA ) , confirmed the presence of water ice .
One of the three cells previously used on the wet chemistry laboratory also analyzed a sample from Snow White .
The wet chemistry laboratory mixes Martian soil with purified water brought from Earth as part of its process for identifying soluble nutrients and other chemicals in the soil .
Scientists have used it to determine that the soil beside the lander is alkaline and to identify magnesium , sodium , potassium , chloride and perchlorate in the soil .
The Phoenix team plans to fill the last four of eight single - use ovens on the TEGA instrument without waiting for the analysis of each sample to be completed before delivering the next .
The strategy is to get as many samples as possible delivered while there is still enough energy available for digging .
The northern Martian summer is nearly half over .
The amount of sunshine reaching Phoenix 's solar panels , and consequently the amount of electricity produced by the panels , is declining .
" Now that the sun is not constantly above the horizon at our landing site we are generating less power every sol , " said Phoenix Project Manager Barry Goldstein of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
" When we landed in late May , and through much of our mission , we generated about 3,500 watt - hours every sol .
We are currently at about 2,500 watt - hours , and sinking daily .
With the remaining sols we need to scurry to squeeze the last bit of science out of the mission . "
One hundred watt - hours is equivalent to what is needed to illuminate a 100 - watt bulb for one hour .
As TEGA bakes samples , it identifies the temperatures at which volatile ingredients in the soil are vaporized .
It also has a mass spectrometer to identify the vapors .
A valve that controls the flow of a carrier gas for transporting the vapors to the mass spectrometer is no longer reliable , but researchers anticipate that the remaining samples will yield enough vaporized water and carbon dioxide to carry any scarcer vapors to the spectrometer .
The team is also examining possible operational workarounds for unanticipated opening of a valve controlling flow of calibration gas .
The Snow White trench is the chosen source for the next sample to go into a TEGA oven , as well as the next sample for the wet chemistry laboratory .
For the TEGA sample , the team plans to use a rasp on the robotic arm to churn up ice - rich material from the hard floor of the trench .
Ice - rich samples stuck inside the scoop during two attempts in July to deliver them to a TEGA oven .
However , a test run on Aug. 30 verified that an ice - rich sample can be delivered using methods that minimize the time the sample is in the scoop and the exposure of the scoop to direct sunlight .
THE MISSION
The University of Arizona is honored to be the first public university to lead a mission to Mars .
The Phoenix Mars Mission , scheduled to land May 25 , 2008 , is the first in NASA 's " Scout Program . "
Scouts are designed to be highly innovative and relatively low - cost complements to major missions being planned as part of the agency 's Mars Exploration Program .
is honored to be the first public university to lead a mission to Marsscheduled to land May 25 , 2008 , is the first in NASA 's " Scout Program . "
Scouts are designed to be highly innovative and relatively low - cost complements to major missions being planned as part of the agency 's Mars Exploration Program .
Learn More
Firebug 1.2 final is set to be released sometime within the next week or two which means that our goals for Firebug 1.3 need to be pretty clear at this point .
Last week the Firebug Working Group convened at Google to discuss the goals for the upcoming release .
In taking a step back and looking at what was most important one thing was quite obvious :
The stability and performance of Firebug needs to be improved .
Unfortunately we ’re in a very difficult situation .
There are , approximately , three developers who ’ve done any sort of serious bug fixing on the internals of Firebug .
One is John J. Barton ( of IBM – primarily responsible for the 1.1 and 1.2 release of Firebug ) and the other is Jan Odvarko ( of Mozilla – part of the new Firebug team ) .
Unfortunately the primary source of information lies in Joe Hewitt ( the original creator of Firebug ) , who is quite incommunicado these days .
There are a few areas in which we ( and , specifically , the Mozilla Firebug team ) need to work in order to gain a solid footing .
Improve the knowledge of Firebug that we have .
Right now information about Firebug internals are quite limited .
Not only does there need to be some serious overviews of what ’s there but inline documentation needs to be improved as well .
It can be incredibly hard to hack your way around some aspects of the code base , especially when it is n’t obvious how something works .
We ’re going to be working two - fold in this area :
To start Rob Campbell and I will be working on some Firebug extensions in order to get a better feel for the code base – and secondly we will , as we go , write up tutorials and documentation for what we find .
Jan has already written up an excellent series of tutorials that explain how to construct Firebug extensions .
They ’re , already , quite valuable .
Build a runnable set of test cases to prevent regressions .
The unit testing ( or , really , any testing ) situation in Firebug is quite abysmal .
Features have gotten accidentally removed from releases simply because they were n’t immediately apparent that they existed .
We need to make sure of two things :
1 ) That existing features do n’t break or get accidentally removed and 2 ) That a good enough coverage of the internals is in place to support future development .
Since there is a considerable amount of traffic through the code base ( developers contributing patches , multiple developers handling different modules – all over some 35,000 lines of JavaScript code ) some form of diligence needs to be provided in order to prevent errors from slipping through .
Track the state of Firebug performance .
There ’s , effectively , no picture of how Firebug is currently performing ( or , more accurately , hindering performance ) in Firefox .
If we want to improve the quality of the code we have to have a clear picture of which areas are problematic .
This is one area in which Mozilla ’s resources can be especially beneficial .
In Mozilla there is a system called Talos which is used to create builds of Firefox ( for all the various branches – right now we ’re testing Firefox 2 , Firefox 3 , and Firefox 3.1 ) and run them against sets of performance tests .
The tests consist of page rendering performance , CPU usage tracking , memory usage tracking , JavaScript performance , browser start - up time , graphics rendering , and on and on .
A sample chart – showing page loading performance on Windows XP ( a ton more can be found here ) :
We want to create some builds of Firefox that have Firebug on in various states .
For example : Firebug installed ( but disabled ) , Firebug enabled , Firebug with console enabled , Firebug with debugger enabled , Firebug with network monitoring enabled , etc .
With all these permutations we ’ll be able to get an exact number for how much overhead current Firebug code is providing and where we can start to make necessary improvements .
Audit and Improve .
Finally , once we have some documentation about the structure , a test suite running , and nightly performance numbers being generated we can really start to dig in and make improvements .
It ’s going to be slow - going at first but laying this groundwork will make for an effective use of our time ( increasing the likelihood that other people will be able to help contribute to the codebase , as well ) .
If we can have a stable and fast Firebug 1.3 ready in time for Firefox 3.1 ( which is due out this fall / winter ) then I feel like we will have made some good headway and started to serve our purpose well .
OSLO ( Reuters ) - Europe is warming faster than the world average and governments need to invest to adapt to a changing climate set to turn the Mediterranean region arid and the north ever wetter , a study showed on Monday .
Dry land emerges from the shallow waters of the Ticino river under the " Old Bridge " in Pavia , northern Italy , in this file photo from July 1 , 2005 .
REUTERS / Daniele La Monaca DLM/SA
Europe ’s mountains , coasts , the Mediterranean and the Arctic were most at risk from global warming , according to the report by the European Environment Agency and branches of the World Health Organization and the European Commission .
“ Global average temperature has increased almost 0.8 C ( 1.4 F ) above pre-industrial levels , with even higher temperature increases in Europe and northern latitudes , ” it said .
Europe had warmed by 1.0 C .
Northern Europe would get wetter this century while more of Europe ’s Mediterranean region might turn to desert , based on trends already under way , it said .
European heatwaves like in 2003 , during which 70,000 people died , could be more frequent .
“ Annual precipitation changes are worsening differences between a wet northern part of Europe and a dry south , ” it said .
That meant a need to review everything from irrigation to the ability of southern rivers to help cool nuclear power plants .
Among other impacts , seas were rising in a threat to coasts , some fish stocks had moved 1,000 km north in the past 40 years -- pushing cod not caught by trawlers away from the North Sea -- and two - thirds of Alpine glaciers had vanished since 1850 .
A few in Europe were getting benefits , such as northern farmers with longer growing seasons for crops .
The report urged Europe to do more to adapt to the impacts of climate change , such as protecting people from insect - borne diseases or safeguarding coasts from higher seas .
So far , most adaptation has focused on easing more river floods .
“ Implementation of adaptation actions has only just started , ” said Jacqueline McGlade , head of the Denmark - based European Environment Agency .
“ We need to intensify such actions and improve information exchange on data , effectiveness and costs , ” McGlade said .
The report also said that Europe had a moral obligation to help people in developing nations adapt to a changing climate .
The world ’s governments have agreed to work by the end of 2009 a new treaty to fight climate change .
But financial turmoil and economic slowdown may dampen willingness to invest in billion - dollar climate projects .
RISING SEAS
Seas are likely to rise by 18 to 59 cms ( 7 to 23 inches ) by 2100 , according to the U.N. Climate Panel , and could keep rising for centuries if ice sheets of Greenland or Antarctica thaw .
In Europe , 4 million people and 2 trillion euros ( $ 2.9 billion ) in assets would be at risk from flooding from higher seas by 2100 , from the Baltic states to Greece , the report said .
Recent estimates indicated that losses from rising seas could total up to 18 billion euros a year by 2080 but spending of 1 billion a year -- on everything from dikes to raising beach levels -- could cut losses to about 1 billion a year , it said .
Hurricane Katrina in the United States in 2005 caused about $ 80 billion in losses .
The European Union aims to cut greenhouse gas emissions , mainly from burning fossil fuels , by 20 percent below 1990 levels by 2020 , or by 30 percent if other big economies join in .
The report suggested setting up a new European Clearing House to help distribute information on impacts , vulnerability and impacts of climate change .
-- For Reuters latest environment blogs click on :
blogs.reuters.com/environment/
The huge Anti-Palin rally in Anchorage last weekend got a tremendous amount of media coverage , and support from around the nation .
People needed to know that not all Alaskans support Palin as the VP nominee , or share her values .
Some may even like Palin as a governor , but find her completely inappropriate on the national ( nevermind international ) stage .
Huge rallies are great , but sometimes a powerful statement can be made by just one person .
Here ’s a wonderful story sent to me from Doug , a Mudflatter in Juneau , Alaska .
Thanks for standing up and speaking out when it was not easy or comfortable to do so .
Palin Lies : One Man ’s Protest on the Juneau Cruise Ship Docks
For starters , I can see the Governor ’s Mansion from my front deck .
By the McCain / Palin campaign ’s standards this would make me an expert on Governor Palin and her family .
The problem is that the Palins do n’t live in the mansion , unlike the Russians who actually live in Russia .
Last weekend my wife spoke with her Dad who lives in New York .
He was concerned that his neighbors had just returned from an Alaskan cruise and had confidently reported that “ everyone in Alaska loves Governor Palin . ”
So last night I took a piece of cardboard from the garage , found some of my son ’s tempera - paints and made a sign .
It read “ PALIN LIES ” , in big green letters .
It was n’t clever , it was n’t profound .
It was just the way I felt .
I vowed to my family that I would go downtown the next morning and mount a one - man protest .
I would start my protest at the State Capitol , go to the Governor ’s Mansion then end up at one of the Cruise Ship Docks near the center of town .
I somehow saw myself victoriously squatting on the Capitol steps flashing my sign to dignitaries and legislators ( maybe even lawyer Ed O’Callaghan ) .
But once I got downtown I realized that most people entering or leaving the building at this time of year are State administrative staff .
I figured all of them already know the deal , and they would shun me anyway , in fear of losing their jobs .
On second thought , the Governor ’s Mansion was a no - go as well .
The Governor was n’t at home .
No one was at home .
One lonely maintenance guy was raking the yard and all the houses in the neighborhood sported Obama signs either on their lawns or in their windows .
I ’d be preaching to the choir .
No , the cruise ship docks were the biggest bang for my protest buck .
Thousands of people from all over the country , maybe world would see me .
I had found my audience .
I opted for the Holland America dock .
It was close to the Red Dog Saloon , a local landmark , and near a series of steps that went from the dock to the street .
People would be coming and going .
Perfect .
I parked my car by the McDonald ’s and went to a nearby barber shop to get a haircut .
I did n’t want to be mistaken for a bum during my protest .
I returned to the car pulled my sign out , careful to turn the “ message ” side toward my leg so no one could read it .
I walked down to the dock and sat down on one of a series of wide arching steps that led up to a large platform , then the ship .
I positioned myself on one side of the walkway so as not to impede traffic .
I put the sign in front of me and balanced my hands on top .
I was ready to take my stand .
I promised to keep any conversation on point .
I was here to let visitors know that not all Alaskans supported Governor Palin .
If pressed I would outline a few of her recent lies as they pertained to earmark spending , Troopergate , Alaska ’s role as an energy producer and maybe some informative patter about the “ Bridge to Nowhere ” .
From the start people directly and indirectly stared at the sign .
I was surprised how many people smiled .
There were out - and - out grins , secret tilted - head grins and the little nod - and - grins .
Some folks even turned to face me head - on and flashed me a killer smile with a thumbs - up sign .
I was also surprised how many folks said “ you are brave to do this . ”
As if any minute a black SUV was going to pull up and spirit me away .
I was approached by men and women from all over the USA and the world .
A middle - aged couple stopped and told me they were from Wisconsin and that they were voting for Obama .
Others really wanted to know about the “ lies ” and many said they had a “ bad feeling about her . ”
A couple from Britain thought her selection to be “ ridiculous ” and wanted to talk at length about the campaign .
Even a young couple from India joined me , the husband enthusiastically snapping my picture as his wife kneeled behind me saying “ this is the first time I have done anything political ” .
The Canadians and Australians were troubled by her selection and glad to see me “ standing up to it . ”
There were also lots of casual rubber - neckers and picture - takers but it was n’t all roses .
Some folks were briefly belligerent .
The most popular pro-Palin comment I received was “ Why do n’t you have a job ? ”
When I mentioned to one man that I was a small business owner he said “ where is your office , on the sidewalk ? ”
Surprisingly none of these guys asked me any other questions .
Just a quick insult and back to the ship for the buffet .
The middle - of - the - roaders looked at me and said “ all politicians lie . ” I bet I heard this ten times .
It took a while for me to formulate my response , which was “ But some lies are more hurtful than others . ”
Later I realized that I sounded just like my grandmother .
Another man , middle - aged in a crisp blue jacket passed me and said “ So do you ” ( as in lie ) .
I do n’t know why , but I stood up and called back “ What did you say ? ”
He stopped , turned around and faced me .
He was standing a couple of steps above me which made him about a head taller .
I told him that I was only here to express my opinion .
He actually apologized and quietly walked away .
Passing cars honked .
Taxi drivers gave me the “ thumbs - up ” sign .
I was having an oddly good time until the vendor from the Kettle Korn stand across the street started yelling at me .
At first I thought he was drunk .
He was obviously opposed to my being there .
“ Get out of here before I come over and kick your f**** ing ass ! ” he screamed .
“ I mean it !
I ’ll come over there and kick your ass ! ”
I did n’t really relish the thought of having my ass kicked , but was more afraid this guy would spoil my quiet protest .
Of course he also screamed that I should leave “ because school kids pass by here . ”
So school kids would be traumatized by my “ Palin Lies ” sign and not the sight of some popcorn vendor beating the crap out of a mild - mannered protestor .
Go figure .
He kept it up for about five minutes .
The 20 - something tour guides working the booths behind me started to yell back at him .
I was afraid it might all end in a little battle royal ( popcorn flying , ravens circling ) right in front of all the tourists .
Finally he stopped , although I noticed afterwards that he was filming me with a video camera .
Later , I was told that he is a member of a local Evangelical church .
Shortly thereafter , I was accosted by a couple of 60 - year old women from somewhere in the South .
They quickly grouped me into an unsavory collective “ you - all ” .
Suddenly they were quoting Palin ’s approval rating and Obama ’s record as America ’s most liberal senator ( reminding me they got their information straight from CNN ) .
They were joined by their husbands and a couple of other tourists .
They stood over me and shook their fingers .
Did I want to be a socialist ?
Did I remember Jimmy Carter ’s administration ?
Was I really for health care for “ all ” people ?
Then they brought out the big gun : “ How about Ronald Reagan ? ” I have to admit at first I was a bit angry , but once Reagan was mentioned I had to laugh .
I said something about Reaganomics .
More clucking , head shaking and pointing .
Finally I defused the situation by asking if they were enjoying their cruise .
This seemed to settle everyone down and they walked away with only a small chunk of my butt between their teeth .
I talked with a few more people and decided it was time to go , besides I was starting to get cold .
I stood up and headed down the street ( opposite the Kettle Korn Stand ) .
I walked less than two blocks when I ran into a group of Veterans for Peace .
About ten guys were waving signs and generally having a good time .
I flashed my “ Palin Lies ” sign and got a big cheer and lots of good natured laughs .
My morning was complete .
All in all , I ’d say about 70 % of the folks who saw me were in favor of my little protest ( out of probably 200 - 250 people ) .
My picture was taken about 50 times , and I was featured in a couple videos .
I was passed by the local police once and cruised by U.S Customs once ( both probably unrelated ) .
My ass was threatened with a “ kicking ” .
My back was patted and my hand was shaken .
I was even given a thumbs - down by a 70 - year old woman who looked at me , pursed her lips and gave me “ the raspberry ” .
I was called a liar , and also called “ my hero ” .
So here I am at home pouring over the news and thinking …
I should go out there again .
Richard Attenborough :
The film bosses wanted Gandhi to be sexy - and be played by Richard Burton
My father was the reason why it became so important to me to make a film about Mahatma Gandhi , the great Indian leader - so much so that I would pursue this quest for 20 years , suffer all sorts of rejection in trying to raise the finance and very nearly bankrupt myself .
The Governor - as my brothers and I always called my father - had always wanted me to follow in his footsteps and become an academic .
When I decided on acting as a career I knew in my heart of hearts that he was disappointed .
Even as an adult , I still desperately wanted to prove myself to him .
If I could make a film with something important to say , perhaps he would take real pride in what I was doing .
So I was receptive when a proposal for a film on the Mahatma - a Sanskrit word meaning ' Great soul ' - was put to me in 1962 .
The charismatic Ben Kingsley who played the role of Gandhi in the 1982 film
Gandhi was someone the Governor held in very high esteem .
Back in 1931 , when I was eight years old , Gandhi had come to Britain to take part in discussions about the future independence of India .
And we 'd seen him together , the Governor and I , at the local cinema in some grainy black - and - white newsreel footage .
I remembered the sneer in the commentator 's strangled upper - class vowels as he described the high hopes this small , nut - brown man had for his people .
I remembered that Winston Churchill had famously shrugged him off as ' that naked fakir ' .
I remembered Gandhi had taken tea with the King at Buckingham Palace , clad only in his loincloth and sandals .
When reporters asked if he was under - dressed , the Mahatma retorted : ' I believe His Majesty was wearing enough for both of us . '
One American studio intimated it would back the film if Richard Burton played Gandhi because he was ' sexy '
All this came back to me 30 years later while I sat facing a man named Moti Kothari at the Waldorf in London as he earnestly explained his idea for a film to me .
What I remembered with the greatest clarity was how the people around my father and me in the cinema had sniggered during the newsreel , and the Governor saying : ' They do n't understand .
Gandhi is extraordinary .
He is truly a remarkable man . '
That was good enough for me .
And so I acceded to Kothari 's initial request that I should read a biography of Gandhi .
I did n't know Kothari at all .
He had rung me out of the blue after getting my number from a mutual friend .
He was very insistent and despite some misgivings , I agreed to meet him .
A grave , middle - aged Indian , he was a dedicated follower of Gandhi who had left India in disgust following the Mahatma 's assassination in January
1948 .
Now he felt he had a mission to disseminate the story of his life .
His assertion that I was the person to make such a film took me by surprise .
A screen actor since 1942 , I had been fortunate enough to achieve star billing and all the trappings of celebrity .
But I 'd found myself typecast as the cheeky Cockney in stories which seemed to lack any real artistry or substance .
In an effort to achieve something worthwhile , I 'd recently become an independent producer , but , at the time of my meeting with Mr Kothari , I could lay claim to only two low - budget films with a third in production .
I certainly had n't directed anything .
I began reading the biography and less than a tenth of the way through something knocked me for six .
The young Gandhi , then a newly qualified lawyer practising in South Africa , was walking along a pavement with a friend when two white men approached from the opposite direction .
Gandhi's friend pulled him into the gutter to let the lordly pair pass unimpeded , as was customary at the time .
After they 'd gone Gandhi said calmly to his companion :
' It has always been a mystery to me that men should feel themselves honoured by the humiliation of their fellow human beings . '
I was thunderstruck .
He was then in his early 20s and , for me , this observation demonstrated a perception far beyond his years - one that was , indeed , as the Governor had said , truly remarkable .
I rang Mr Kothari to ask if his project had any backers .
' Money , ' I said .
' Have you got any money to make the film ? '
He sounded bewildered .
' No , Mr Attenborough , I do n't have any money . '
I took a deep breath and told him I would assemble the funding because I was determined this film would be made .
What was more , I would direct it myself .
This was totally insane .
Why would anyone in their right mind entrust the direction of a major production , set in a faraway land and no doubt costing a fortune , to an actor totally devoid of any relevant experience ?
Award - winner : Richard Attenborough on the set of Gandhi
The only person who supported me in this patently absurd ambition was my wife , Sheila .
She said if this was something I really cared about , then I should n't let anything or anyone put me off .
What neither of us realised was that the filming of Gandhi would impact on every aspect of our lives and those of our three young children for years to come .
At that time , we owned our Queen Anne house in Richmond outright .
I had a Rolls with a personalised number - plate and Sheila had a Jag .
We had the beginnings of an art collection .
We had a nanny and a chauffeur .
Bills came in and they were paid .
All this , with one phone call , I was placing in jeopardy .
In the years that followed , bills were n't paid on time , and I was often absent from home , either trying to raise money or doing lucrative acting jobs in distant places , just to keep the project afloat .
At one point , I sold three paintings by Stanley Spencer , my pride and joy , for a pittance to tide us over .
From the start , I knew I would face enormous problems with the sheer logistics of the epic story I intended to tell .
In India , I would need the co-operation of the government , the armed forces , police , railways and , above all , the huge and lumbering bureaucracy that we , the British , had left behind .
But I had contacts .
I knew Earl Mountbatten of Burma , the last British viceroy in India , because my first film , In Which We Serve , was based on his wartime naval exploits .
He put my idea to the present prime minister , Pandit Nehru , who gave approval in principle for the project .
So I flew to Delhi to meet him .
Nehru was a revelation .
In his office he produced an album of snapshots , his collection recording India 's long march to independence , and we got down on our hands and knees to pore over them .
Throughout he referred to Gandhi as Bapu , which , he told me was the respectful Hindi word for father .
Here was a snap of Bapu spinning cotton at his ashram .
There was another with the young Nehru himself , laughing together like naughty schoolboys .
The prime minister told me priceless anecdotes .
I was elated .
I paid Nehru a second visit months later , and he made two observations .
The first concerned the problem of finding an actor to play Gandhi .
I needed a trained professional , not just a lookalike .
Pictured in 1982 : Richard with the nine Academy Awards awarded for Gandhi
The prime minister 's own surprising choice was Alec Guinness , which took me aback because Alec was English .
' The nationality is unimportant , ' Nehru declared .
' All that matters is that he should be very good .
Besides , the idea of being portrayed by an Englishman would have made Bapu laugh a great deal . '
His second observation was the only injunction he ever issued : ' Richard , do not turn him into a deity ; he was too great a man to be deified . '
But after this encouraging start came years of frustration .
Four billionaire brothers , a maharaja and a maverick movie - mogul would let me down .
And over and over again , Hollywood refused to invest a cent in my epic project .
The breakthrough came when Indira Gandhi , Nehru 's daughter , was re-elected as India 's prime minister , and provided unstinting support .
Not only would her government put up a third of the funding , but she miraculously opened doors that had previously been shut .
I could n't count the number of times I 'd flown out to India , totally broke , or the endless humiliating hours I 'd waited in the stifling corridors of ministerial buildings , seeking permission to film in various places only to get bogged down in layer upon layer of bureaucracy .
But now there would be no more standing in corridors .
I had an official letter confirming that I could call on the unpaid collaboration of all three armed services in India , the police and the entire railway network .
Although there was still more money to be raised , at last I could get under way .
We made final decisions about location sites , built sets , amassed costumes and embarked on the thousand - and - one negotiations that would set the whole production in motion .
At this stage , I had no leading actor .
Alec Guinness had long ago rejected the part of Gandhi , saying he was ' too grey - eyed , too heavy and just plain too old ' .
Other stars had been approached or suggested .
One American studio had intimated they might be prepared to back me if I cast Richard Burton because he was sexy - an idea so idiotic it was not worth further thought .
My own first choice had been Anthony Hopkins , who was really keen and even checked into a health farm , losing a couple of stone before concluding it would be physically impossible .
Over the years , Dirk Bogarde , Peter Finch , Albert Finney and Tom Courtenay all excluded themselves for the same reason .
Brotherly love : Richard ( right ) with brothers David and Johnny
Finally , I approached John Hurt , who had just received rave reviews for The Elephant Man .
He was interested but again doubted he could look convincing as Gandhi .
So we agreed on a full makeup and wardrobe test .
I was in the process of setting this up when my theatre - director son Mike remembered a young actor who'd been a magical Hamlet some years ago at Stratford .
His professional name was Ben Kingsley .
I went to see him in a play and thought him absolutely wonderful .
I went backstage to ask if he would test on the same day as John Hurt .
Ben , 36 at the time , believed my sudden appearance had some kind of mystical synergy because , only days earlier , his wife had bought him a biography of Gandhi which he'd just started to read .
It was only then I learned his name was originally Krishna Bhanji .
He was the son of an English mother and an Asian GP ; his father 's side of the family had come from Gujarat - Mahatma Gandhi 's birthplace .
As Ben Kingsley , he had worked his way up the ladder of the Royal Shakespeare Company from spear - carrier to leading man .
However , his screen experience was limited to a few brief appearances in Coronation Street and one small part in a film .
We screen - tested John and Ben , with full body and facial make - up and clad only in the dhoti , a loincloth of white homespun cotton draped from waist to knee .
After I 'd seen the rushes , I invited John to view his test .
' Oh , Christ , ' he said after a moment , ' I look like a bloody front - row forward . '
Then together we looked at Ben 's test .
Suddenly , here was a lithe Indian man , totally at home in his skin , who seemed to have worn a dhoti all his life .
And he radiated a charisma that you instantly believed could bind millions to his cause .
It was John who spoke first .
' Dickie , my dear , you 've found your Mahatma .
Best of luck to you both . '
We began shooting in 1980 , 18 years after that first meeting with Moti Kothari in the Waldorf .
Kothari was sadly dead by then , but in tribute to him a Hindu priest blessed the camera .
Then we set to work .
The biggest scene we had to prepare was the reenactment of the assassinated Gandhi's huge funeral procession through Delhi , which we planned to film on the 33rd anniversary of the actual event .
Richard was inspired by his father , the Governor , in the Gandhi film
We researched everything meticulously .
We even knew the exact number of uniformed guards lining the route .
What could n't be counted were the people who 'd packed Rajpath , the ceremonial avenue in Delhi , to pay their last respects .
In the old newsreels we watched , they 'd stretched as far as the eye could see .
And somehow , long before the advent of computer - generated imagery , we had to recruit a similar mass of citizens , making sure no one was dressed inappropriately .
Rehearsals were held on a disused airfield .
I mapped out in great detail each of the shots we needed .
We would get one chance at this .
It would all have to be done during a single mile - long journey .
Eleven separate camera crews would be needed .
We recruited 25,000 ' front - line ' extras , all of whom had to be rehearsed and costumed - and paid in cash .
But there then remained the problem of attracting the mass of people required for the background .
That was why we chose to film on the anniversary , in the hope that this might bring out enormous crowds anyway .
But , just in case , we also laid on trucks to bring in thousands more from the surrounding countryside .
On the evening before , we held a briefing for the camera units .
I told them we had no idea how big tomorrow 's unpaid crowd would be .
It might only be a few hundred or as many as a quarter of a million .
Whatever the numbers , we only had permission to film for one morning , so we had to press on and do the best we could .
Work started at 3 am .
By sunrise , the actors in the procession were dressed , made - up and gradually moving into their allotted positions .
And I was glad to see a tide of local people beginning to pour through the entry points , where wardrobe assistants were handing out suitable clothing to cover anything too modern .
For the master shot , I was with the crew of a remote - controlled camera positioned on top of a crane , which was to rise from the catafalque in one smooth movement , pulling back and back to take in the thousandstrong cortege , the troops , the horses , the honour guard , the massed crowd , and the domes and minarets of India 's seat of government .
Everything was finally in position and the whole area jam - packed with people as far as the eye could see .
Watching what was being filmed on a monitor , I gave the signal .
' Action ! ' yelled the first assistant through his megaphone , and the procession began .
My excitement mounted with the crane arm .
So far , the shot was perfect .
But as the camera soared past the branches of a tree , a little Indian boy turned , looked directly into the lens and stuck out his tongue .
There was no time to reflect on this , no possibility of repeating the ruined shot .
With only three hours remaining , we had to press on .
And we did , filming the procession for a few minutes from one position , stopping , racing to new positions and starting again .
It was clear at the planning stage that I could n't direct this sequence from a distance .
I had to be in the thick of it .
This is why a portly British general with overlong , white hair and horn - rimmed glasses makes a fleeting appearance in the finished film , walking backwards behind the bier .
Then suddenly , I realised the dummy representing the dead Mahatma lying there would not pass muster in close - up .
An urgent message was sent to Ben , the one actor who had n't been needed and who'd been given the day off .
He arrived in the nick of time , taking the place of the dummy for our final shot , and lay exposed and motionless .
And then it was all over .
We were inundated with calls from newspapers wanting to know how many people had turned up .
We asked the police , who 'd manned the entry points , and the figure they gave was 400,000 - the biggest crowd scene in film history .
I was back in my hotel room when a shaken Ben came to see me .
On his return from the set , he'd been handed an anonymous letter , delivered that morning before we began filming .
It contained a threat to shoot him dead if he dared to lie on Mahatma Gandhi 's bier .
This is n't b****y Tinkerbell !
Diana Hawkins , Attenborough 's business partner , writes :
In an attempt to dispel widespread misconceptions about the film , Dick held a press conference in Delhi before we started shooting .
The Indian Fourth Estate proved very lively - and the questions , though courteous , were all wide of the mark .
Everyone , it seemed , had their own idea of what this film was really about .
The project was a political and religious football - and it was getting kicked all over the place .
I could sense Dick 's frustration .
Although a heroically patient man , there have been times in his life when the extreme pressures he places on himself make him go so red that he looks as if he 's going to have a heart attack .
I call these incidents the ' poppy - eyed screamers ' .
As the news conference wore on , I could see the red tide rising in his face .
One young journalist asked if he was willing to confirm that Ben Kingsley made his screen debut in a pornographic film .
This was met with an uncharacteristically terse denial .
Then a middle - aged woman at the back of the room asked how we intended to show the Mahatma on screen .
Dick relaxed as he enthused about Ben , the acclaimed actor whose meticulous research had included studying Gandhi 's voice and gait in old newsreels .
The woman was unimpressed .
This was sacrilege , she said .
Richard needed to be aware that Gandhi was a deity in this country , not a mere mortal to be caricatured from newsreels .
Dick said he was sorry she felt like this .
How would she have him portray the Mahatma ?
' Not at all .
But if you must .
.. as a moving light . '
At this , Dick 's patience finally snapped .
' Madam , ' he riposted , ' I am not making a film about bloody Tinkerbell ! '
• Abridged extract from Entirely Up To You , Darling by Richard Attenborough and Diana Hawkins , published by Hutchinson , released today at £ 20 .
© 2008 , Richard Attenborough and Diana Hawkins .
To order a copy for £ 18 ( p&p free ) , call 0845 155 0720 .
There are A LOT of good reasons why oil prices are going up .
Let me show you just a few .
Nope , it is just too convenient , too irresistible and , let 's say it , too comfortable an excuse that speculators are to blame .
It 's not our fault , we have our scapegoat .
Our price increases are temporary , we 'll soon be back to " normal " lower prices , as soon as ( take your pick ) speculators have been punished / oil companies are taxed for their profiteering / " fundamentals " are left to set prices .
Never mind that speculators have been caught shortselling oil ( ie betting on a fall in prices ) more than a few times in recent months .
Never mind that spot oil prices , which require actual physical deliveries of oil at the end of each month , have behaved the same way as paper futures .
Never mind that oil storage seems to not be increasing .
1 )
One you 've probably heard by now is the " risk premium " , linked to the prospect of a war with Iran .
Let me explain how that works .
Say that the market price for oil , if there were no prospect of war with Iran whatsoever , were $ 100 per barrel .
Say that the market price for oil , should there be an attack on Iran , is estimated at $ 400 / bl ( because of production disruption in Iran itself , possibly a blockade of the Straits of Hormuz , etc . .. )
Say that the probability of such an attack is estimated , by markets , at 10 % this year .
In that case , the price for oil will be 90%x100+10%x400 = 130 $
A 10 % probability of war with Iran which would tentatively quadruple oil prices increases the market price by 30 % .
Now you may quibble with the estimates I 've provided here - but the point is , the market will sum up all the various hypotheses made by all players in that game into a single price , which will reflect the combination of war premium , and war probability that the market , as a whole , includes in the price .
So it is very much possible that 20 - 40 $ in the current price are linked to worries about war .
But speculators , here , are actually providing a valuable service : by betting on oil prices ( in both directions ) , they allow all players to hedge that risk of war .
Those that think war is more likely will be happy to buy oil futures at prices they think are very low ; those that think that war is unlikely and that there is too much of a premium will be happy to sell futures into that market .
While this may create an increase in prices , it would only reflect the reality that a war with Iran would have consequences , and that it 's not completely unlikely yet .
However , I 'd note that futures do not seem to change much in 2009 compared to 2008 : so either the markets do n't actually think that Obama will be elected , or they do n't seem to think that it will have a material impact on the probability for war .
Or there is no war premium now , and we 're back to square one .
2 ) Chinese growth
This one has also been widely discussed , so I presume most of you are familiar with it .
Still , a few graphs are worth showing here :
As discussed on Casey Research , China is enjoying staggering growth rates for car ownership .
Assuming that the 7.3 million new car owners in 2008 each drive 5,000 miles a year , and they achieve 40 miles per gallon , the result would be an additional 45.6 million barrels of crude demand , equivalent to 125,000 bbl / day .
In other words , new Chinese drivers will devour 25 - 30 % of the recently promised Saudi production increase in a single year .
Looking at this over a few years ( from the International Energy Agency ( pdf ) :
The lighter blue bit is mostly diesel .
Note that 2007 consumption was 347 million tons , ie 7mb/d .
To put this in another perspective again ( from Net Oil Exports ) :
Chinese growth in consumption dwarfs by far the declines noted in rich world countries like Japan , Germany and , yes , the USA ( note that the decline in the US is still a lot smaller in absolute terms than those in much smaller economies in Europe or Japan ) .
So : Chinese demand growth is very real , it 's very large , it 's highly likely to continue for a number of years ( when people finally reach the car affordability stage , they 're not going to be stopped by the cost of fuel - not for a while anyway .
The difference between no car and a car is so massive that the price of gas is a minor consideration - especially when gas prices are still subsidized ... ) .
and it certainly has an impact on oil prices by its sheer size , given the current stagnation of oil production .
3 ) Saudi numbers
The previous two graphs , and this one above ( from the IEA again ( pdf ) , provide interesting information regarding oil producers : not only is their production stagnant , but their consumption is going up massively .
And it 's no wonder : they 're flush with money , gas is heavily subsidized at home , so people drive more and more .
Thus , the biggest increases in oil demand , beyond the " usual suspects " of China and India are almost all big oil producers : Saudi Arabia , Brazil , Russia , UAE .
If you look over a slightly longer period , you 'll also find Iran and Canada in there .
Which means that volumes available for export , and thus volumes available on the global oil market , are shrinking ( from Net Oil Exports again ) :
The numbers do n't lie ( from westexas [ ed : the table was actually provided by datamunger ] ) :
The only major producers which have increased exports lately are Angola and Russia , and Russian production is now declining ( while consumption is booming ) .
The conclusion is simple : there is less and less oil on the market for us .
4 ) Production declines
Beyond Russia , it is striking to note how many regions we have been relying on are experiencing absolute production declines .
All mature fields have a natural decline rate , and whole provinces are seeing absolute declines in their production .
This is nowhere as spectacular - and worrisome - as in Mexico , where the supergiant Cantarell field has lost close to half its production capacity in the very recent past , thus threatening exports to the US from a ( relatively ) friendly neighbor : ( from here )
Just like the decline of the North Sea seems to have caught the UK government unaware , and is leading to quasi - panicky behavior by the UK government ( which one day blames the Russians , one day wants to go all nuclear , one day wants to go all - wind , and generally blames " uncompetitive " continental Europe for its plight rather than its own policies , or lack thereof ) , the brutal decline of the Cantarell field , and of overall Mexian production is likely to have brutal consequences , as the country loses its main source of exports and the Mexican government its main source of tax income .
Social unrest , and massive migration toward the North could be one outcome ...
5 ) Lack of spare capacity
But let 's come back to the oil market for a second : you have a combination of still strong demand growth ( in particular in oil producing countries ) and stagnant production combining into shrinking export capacity and , more importantly , into a quasi - permanent lack of spare capacity ( from this comment by SamuM in a recent thread ) :
The significance of such tightness of supply cannot be overstated .
In normal times , when demand varies , market equilibrium is reached by adjusting production to such demand , which is a relatively easy and cheap process .
But when supply is constrained , as it is now , any brutal change in the market ( whether on the demand side , for instance through a cold spell in winter requiring more heating , or a hot spell in summer requiring more AC , or on the supply side , for instance guerilla attacks in Nigeria , a refinery strike in Scotland , or a pipeline accident anywhere ) will require market equilibrium to be reached by demand destruction , which is a lot harder and triggers much more substantial price movements : prices need to move high enough for some users of oil to renounce such use and " take their demand out of the market " , whether by not doing what they wanted to , or by finding a substitute .
In the US , people travelling less for vacations , or carpooling , have barely managed a couple percent demand destruction .
Imagine that the Saudis and Venezualeans , with their subsidized prices , are immune fro msuch pressure , and that several percent need to be cut off demand abruptly : it will require much higher price hikes than have been experimented yet .
It 's simple really : price will go high enough for the pain to translate into lower oil use in price - sensitive countries , the list of which is topped by the US , where consumption is high , oil price variations are not dampened by massive taxes ( prices going from $ 3.50 to $ 4 is more painful than prices going from $ 8.50 to $ 9 ) .
The lack of spare capacity certainly explains why very small variations in output or demand can have disproportionate impacts on prices : when you are right on the edge of the knife , any movement can make you fall off .
6 ) Refining issues
I thought I 'd add just a few words on refining capacity in the US , as it is often blamed for gas prices as well .
Energy information Agency data shows that refining capacity has gone up in recent years even though no refineries were built , with refinery capacity use very stable at high levels .
This has not changed much in the past 2 years , even as Katrina took its toll for a while .
And as the tables that are provided on a monthly basis by Californian authorities show ( see 2008 numbers and 2007 numbers ) , refining margins are actually a lot lower this year than last ( roughly down from a dollar per gallon to half a dollar per gallon ) and have helped lower the impact of oil price increases in the past few months .
So you certainly can't blame refiners this year , even though global capacity is tightening :
Altogether , it appears that they are a number of factors explain oil price increases perfectly well , with no need to go into conspiracy theories or market manipulations .
by Adam Pash
Click to viewGoogle Reader is one helluva feed reader , but unless you 've spent a little time digging into the documentation , you probably are n't taking full advantage of what it has to offer .
Advertisement
Today , I 'm going to show you the ins and outs of Google 's powerful newsreader , with an emphasis on Reader 's powerful and time - saving keyboard shortcuts .
To round things off , I 'll finish up with some of my favorite Google Reader - related tweaks and downloads to get you up to speed with the best newsreader on the planet .
Google Reader and its wonderful keyboard shortcuts
First off , since I 'm such a big fan of keyboard shortcuts , I want to start off highlighting the incredible shortcuts baked into Google Reader .
Since seeing is believing , I 've put together a short screencast below :
Google Reader 's Quicksilver - like keyboard shortcut interface may look familiar to anyone who 's used the Gmail Macros Greasemonkey script I described in my Gmail Master post .
It should , since the Gmail Macros script was written by Google Reader frontend tech lead Mihai Parparita .
Advertisement
To get started , let 's suss out some of the shortcuts I used in the video above :
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Baked - in shortcuts : Google Reader integrates shortcuts to the hard - coded locations ( like Home , All Items , and Starred Items ) to simple , hard - coded shortcuts .
So you can hit g + a ( Go + All Items ) to jump to all of your items .
Likewise , g + h goes Home and g + s goes to your Starred Items .
Navigating subscriptions :
That 's all well and good , but where Google Reader 's keyboard shortcuts for navigation really shine is in regards to the customizations you make to your feeds .
For example , you can navigate to any feed by title by typing g + u + Feed Title ( Go to Subscription ) .
For example , g + u +
Lifehacker will take you to your Lifehacker feed ( assuming you 've subscribed to it ) .
Advertisement
When you hit g + u , you 'll see a pop - up that shows you a list of all of your current subscriptions .
As you begin typing , the list will begin filtering out matches and the top match will be selected by default .
You can navigate matches with the arrow keys , or continue typing until only one match remains .
Advertisement
Navigating Labels / Tags :
If you organize your feeds by labels and tags ( Google Reader is n't sure what it wants to call them - sometimes it 's label , sometimes it 's tag ) , Google Reader 's got you covered there , too .
To navigate by label / tag , you can either type g + t + tag - name ( Go to the tag called tag - name ) , or g + l + label - name ( Go to the label called label - name ) .
I do n't want to confuse anyone - labels and tags are the same thing in Google Reader , so either method will work .
From here on out , I 'm going to refer to them as labels , since that 's what I 've gotten used to with Gmail .
Advertisement
Labeling feeds and posts :
Whenever you subscribe to a new feed , you have the option to file it into a ' folder ' .
Basically , adding a feed to a folder is no different than if you were to set up a filter that labels every post from a feed with the same label .
Since Google Reader does not have filtering , it works with folders .
So if you were to set up a label / folder called productivity , then add Lifehacker to the productivity folder , every post from Lifehacker would automatically be labeled ' productivity ' .
However , you can also label feed items individually .
When you 're reading an item that you want to tag individually , just hit l + label or t + tag ( whichever you prefer ) .
You can add more than one label by separating each label with a comma , and you can create new labels on - the - fly or use one of your pre-existing labels , which will show up in an auto - suggest drop - down .
Advertisement
Navigating feed items : Google Reader lets you navigate from item to item in a number of ways .
If you use the keyboard shortcuts available in Gmail , a lot of these shortcuts will be very familiar to you .
You can :
Move from item to item with j ( down ) and k ( up ) .
( down ) and ( up ) .
Move from item to item ( without opening ) with n ( n ext ) and p ( p revious ) .
If you 're viewing your feeds in Expanded view , j/k and n/p both do the same thing .
( ext ) and ( revious ) .
If you 're viewing your feeds in Expanded view , j/k and n/p both do the same thing .
If you 're navigating List view with n and p , pressing Enter or o will O pen / close the currently selected item .
( Incidentally , you can move between Expanded and List view with 1 or 2 , respectively . )
and , pressing Enter or will pen / close the currently selected item .
( Incidentally , you can move between Expanded and List view with or , respectively . )
S tar the current item ( or remove an already starred item ) by pressing s .
tar the current item ( or remove an already starred item ) by pressing .
V iew the current item at its originating web site in a new tab / window with v .
iew the current item at its originating web site in a new tab / window with .
M ark an item as read with m .
ark an item as read with .
Go fullscreen by pressing u .
This toggles the sidebar , maximizing your reading space .
[ via Quick Online Tips
Advertisement
A few more choice shortcuts :
The navigation shortcuts above are sort of the cream of the crop - however , Google Reader comes with several more built - in shortcuts that you might want to familiarize yourself with , available here .
Best Google Reader Add-ons
The other great part about Google Reader , aside from its inherent good looks and charm , is that its popularity means that there are a handful of really great Google Reader add - ons , both Google - and user - created .
My favorites are :
Advertisement
The Google Reader Notifiers : Google has yet to release an official notifier for Reader , but luckily Reader lovers have rolled their own versions .
You can get Google Reader Notifier for Windows Mac Firefox
Using Google Co-op and this Greasemonkey script
Advertisement
Speaking of Greasemonkey , the Smart Google Reader subscribe button
Integrate Google Reader with Gmail - again with a Greasemonkey script
Advertisement
Let 's hear your favorite Google Reader features and tweaks in the comments .
Adam Pash is a senior editor for Lifehacker who appreciates applications that pay special attention to the keyboard .
His special feature Hack Attack appears every Tuesday on Lifehacker .
Subscribe to the Hack Attack RSS feed to get new installments in your newsreader .
General Motors shares have fallen to their lowest level in more than 53 years amid concerns about the carmaker 's future .
Investment bank Merrill Lynch warned that GM needs to raise funds and that bankruptcy was " not impossible " .
GM has suffered from falling sales as US consumers have cut back on spending and record fuel costs have seen them switch to smaller , more efficient cars .
GM 's shares hit a low of $ 9.96 , before closing down 15 % at $ 9.98 on Wednesday .
The share price touched its lowest level since September 1954 , when the stock hit $ 9.92 during trading .
GM shares have fallen 60 % so far this year and Merril Lynch predicted that the shares could fall even further .
" We believe there is potential downside in the stock below $ 7 and that bankruptcy is not impossible if the market continues to deteriorate and significant incremental capital is not raised , " said analyst John Murphy .
Merrill 's had previously predicted a value of $ 28 for GM 's shares .
Sales fall
Another analyst , David Healy from Burnham Securities was less pessimistic about GM 's prospects .
" My own opinion is that they 're unlikely to file [ for bankruptcy ] , " Mr Healy said .
" But the conditions in the auto industry are so tough for everybody right now , especially for GM , and that 's why people see this as plausible . "
General Motors suffered a big fall in US sales in June , down 18.5 % compared with the same month in 2007 .
The figures , however , were still better - than - expected and its sales fall was less than rival Toyota , which reported sales that were 21.4 % lower .
All of the major carmakers in the US have experienced a shift in consumer demand from sports utility vehicles ( SUVs ) and light trucks to smaller , more fuel efficient vehicles as petrol costs have spiralled .
Last month , GM announced the closure of a number of plants in North American and Mexico that make trucks and SUVs .
Rival Chrysler said it would close a minivan factory and Ford announced a significant cut in production .
What 's more important , protecting natural refuges or reducing our reliance on foreign oil ?
Protecting Natural Refuges Reducing Foreign Oil Reliance Not Sure
By Paul Reynolds
World affairs correspondent BBC News website
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev lays out the five principles
In the aftermath of the Georgian conflict , the Russian President Dmitry Medvedev has laid down five principles that he says will guide Russian foreign policy .
The new Moscow rules are not a blueprint for a new " Cold War " .
That was a worldwide ideological and economic struggle .
This is much more about defending national interests .
Going back to the 19th Century ?
The principles , with their references to " privileged interests " and the protection of Russian citizens , would probably seem rather obvious to Russian leaders of the 19th Century .
They would seem rather mild to Stalin and his successors , who saw the Soviet Union extending communism across the globe .
In some ways , we are going back to the century before last , with a nationalistic Russia very much looking out for its own interests , but open to co-operation with the outside world on issues where it is willing to be flexible .
President Medvedev 's principles do not , for example , necessarily exclude Russian agreement to continuing the strong diplomatic stance against Iran .
And energy contracts are not necessarily threatened .
Above all , what they tell us is that the Georgia conflict was for Russia , in Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov 's words , a " long - cherished moment of truth " , which has created a new " clarity " .
Here are the principles , in the words which President Medvedev used in an interview with the three main Russian TV channels ( translated by the BBC Monitoring Service ) .
1 . International law " Russia recognises the primacy of the basic principles of international law , which define relations between civilised nations .
It is in the framework of these principles , of this concept of international law , that we will develop our relations with other states . "
2 . Multi-polar world " The world should be multi-polar .
Unipolarity is unacceptable , domination is impermissible .
We cannot accept a world order in which all decisions are taken by one country , even such a serious and authoritative country as the United States of America .
This kind of world is unstable and fraught with conflict . "
3 . No isolation " Russia does not want confrontation with any country ; Russia has no intention of isolating itself .
We will develop , as far as possible , friendly relations both with Europe and with the United State of America , as well as with other countries of the world . "
4 . Protect citizens " Our unquestionable priority is to protect the life and dignity of our citizens , wherever they are .
We will also proceed from this in pursuing our foreign policy .
We will also protect the interest of our business community abroad .
And it should be clear to everyone that if someone makes aggressive forays , he will get a response . "
5 . Spheres of influence " Russia , just like other countries in the world , has regions where it has its privileged interests .
In these regions , there are countries with which we have traditionally had friendly cordial relations , historically special relations .
We will work very attentively in these regions and develop these friendly relations with these states , with our close neighbours . "
Asked if these " priority regions " were those that bordered on Russia he replied : " Certainly the regions bordering [ on Russia ] , but not only them . "
And he stated : " As regards the future , it depends not just on us .
It also depends on our friends , our partners in the international community .
They have a choice . "
The implications Those therefore are the stated principles .
What implications do they have ?
To take them in the order he presented them :
The primacy of International Law :
This on the face of it sounds encouraging .
But Russia signed up to Security Council resolution 1808 in April this year , which reaffirmed " the commitment of all Member States to the sovereignty , independence and territorial integrity of Georgia ... " - and has since abandoned that position .
It argues that a Georgian attack on South Ossetia on 7/8 August invalidated its commitment and required that it defend its citizens there .
But it perhaps cannot proclaim its faith in international law and at the same time take unilateral action .
This principle therefore has to be seen as rather vague .
The world is multi-polar :
This means that Russia will not accept the primacy of the United States ( or a combination of the US and its allies ) in determining world policy .
It will require that its own interests are taken into account .
The Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov hinted at what this really means .
" There is a feeling that Nato again needs frontline states to justify its existence , " he said in a speech .
He was putting down another marker against the extension of Nato membership to Ukraine and Georgia .
Russia does not seek confrontation :
Again this sounds hopeful but it is based on the requirement that Russia 's needs are met first .
If the world agrees to its demands , then it is happy to be friends .
But if not ... therein lies the warning .
Protecting its citizens :
The key phrase here is " wherever they are " .
This was the basis on which Russia went to war in South Ossetia and it contains within it the potential for future interventions - over Crimea , for example , populated by a majority Russian - background population yet owned by Ukraine only since 1954 .
If Ukraine looked set to join Nato , would Russia claim the protection of its " citizens " there ?
Privileged interests :
In this principle President Medvedev was getting down to the heart of the matter .
Russia is demanding its own spheres of influence , especially , but not only , over states on its borders .
This has the potential for further conflict if those " interests " are ignored .
Paul.Reynolds-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
( Check out our complete collection of Extraordinary Art from Ordinary Objects . )
Who would have thought that books could be used for something other than , well , reading ?
Artists today are breaking down the walls between different types of art .
Just as some have used materials as unorthodox as sand and even light to craft unique artistic statements , today ’s brilliant book artists combine literature with sculpture in a new form of expression that has an effect greater than the sum of its parts .
Some book artists work exclusively in the literary medium while others will delve into it only occasionally for a stated purpose .
Barton Lidicé
Beneš falls into the latter category with his bold and somewhat disturbing “ Censored Book ” .
The sharp , rusty nails and complex rope knots graphically underscore the heavy hand of censorship in all of its crude , single - minded power .
Brian Dettmer employs books in a variety of creative ways in order to express a vision that goes beyond mere words alone .
Dettmer often selects books with images as well as text , which gives his book art an extra dimension of imagery .
Georgia Russell chooses as her instrument the surgical scalpel , slicing and shredding books , photos , even currency with the alacrity of an experienced brain surgeon .
Russell ’s book art is barely recognizable from the source , displaying a feathery complexity that tends to evoke feelings of hope and despair .
For those who like the written word to jump right off the page , the above images from Kaspen are just what you have in mind .
The design firm created these strikingly presented book art images for the Anagram Bookshop in the Czech Republic .
The pen may be mightier than the sword , but book artist Robert
The takes things one step further with his stark book - art guns .
Religions and regimes throughout history have feared the written word yet have sought to use it to their advantage .
Robert
The ’s creations dramatize the power of the word by equating it with a deadly weapon .
Cara Barer is a Texas - born and raised artist whose art uses books distorted in various ways that make them unrecognizable .
In doing so , she is able to coax new meaning where there was only typeset text before .
Says Barer , “ No important books have been injured during the making of any of these photographs . ”
Unless , of course , one feels a primer on Windows 95 is important .
Take one book , add polished Maple wood , a few guitar strings and a dash of artistic vision .
That ’s the recipe Kristy Higby uses to make her one - of - a - kind book art , such as “ Red Ghost ” .
Considering the obvious care and labor
Higby puts into her creations , they ’re not the kind of books one might toss into a beach bag for some light reading on a summer weekend .
Book art often seeks to escape the perceived static boredom of a closed book .
Richard Wentworth ’s expansive installation ( above ) at London ’s Lisson Gallery typifies this aesthetic , showing an immense “ flock ” of books suspended from the galley ’s ceiling as if frozen in mid-flight .
Wentworth , born in tropical Samoa and a longtime fixture of the British art scene , was formerly an art teacher and had the very first art project to be funded by the UK ’s National Lottery .
( image via : Artnet )
Anyone into “ heavy reading ” should consider Jonathan Callan .
Using books as the basis for a wide range of varied pieces , Callan ’s sense of humor is prominently displayed in works of book art , shown above , that are anything but subtle .
Everyone can accuse book artist Doug Beube of twisting their words … because that ’s what Beube does , literally .
Employing the natural flexibility of paper , bindings and spines to full advantage Beube bends , twists and shapes books into whole new dimensions of meaning .
One may no longer be able to read the books Beube morphs but it ’s up to each individual onlooker to read meaning into the artist ’s contorted constructions .
Book artists are turning a new page in expressive art and , to play further on the pun , dare their work to be judged for more than just the covers .
Read ‘em and weep ?
Like all art , appreciating the best in book art depends on the con-text it ’s taken in .
Posted on by olympicsupdate
Marilou Dozois - Prevost of Canada attempts during the weightlifting competition women ’s 48kg group A of Beijing 2008 Olympic Games at the Beijing University of Aeronautics & Astronautics Gymnasium in Beijing , China , Aug. 9 , 2008 .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Filed under : weightlifting | Tagged : weightlifting |
Home | More Videos | About Us | Contact | Subscribe | Donate
What an attack on Iran
will look like A Really Lousy World Left for Our Children Subscribe to Brasscheck TV
Your e-mail address is kept absolutely private
We make it easy to unsubscribe at any time
Consequences
Advertisement
Bush continues to push for an attack on Iran .
He is goaded by the Israeli War Lobby , the " religious " right , and other assorted domestic fascists and lunatics .
Iran is not Iraq .
Iran is a bigger country , a better armed country and a much more socially cohesive country than Iraq ever was - or could be .
Iran is PERSIA , a society with thousands of years behind it .
Iraq was a glued together set of random kingdoms .
Iran is a country that has the ability to fight back and fight back massively .
As in Iraq , the weapons of mass destruction claim is a total fraud - and yet to war we go .
McCain is all for it .
He can't wait .
Obama is being artfully vague about his intentions .
And then there 's Bush and Cheney .
They still have nearly six months left to put the final bullet in the back of America 's head before they go .
Eight years ago , who could have ever imagined this insanity ?
I 'm updating the comic Tuesday night - it's like when they have a completely cooked pot roast ready and waiting in the oven during cooking shows .
I 'm updating while watching a " show " on ABC called Wiepout .
It 's basically a ripoff of the sexcellent Japanese show Ninja Warrior , with more inane commentators .
Heck , they did n't even interview the winner after he , er , won .
Speaking of ineloquent .
Anyway , add Wipeout to the list of shows we 've stolen from other cultures , like Hole in the wall and the Office .
Now there 's a screaming 63 year old guy wearing a Toucan suit .
Okay .
Enough of that .
Long story short , you get the comic update early if you 're watching your RSS updater obsessively .
You good little stalker , you .
One last note ; these pharmaceutical commercials and product names have really gotten out of control .
There 's a bipolar - disorder - treatment drug being advertised right now called Abilify .
Come on .
They 're really almost as bad as those parody drugs like Fuckitol and Focusin .
I wish America was one of the many other countries that banned pharma commercials .
See , this is why I do n't watch TV .
Although if Angeliquea Blackmon and Jessie Graff had n't bombed out so soon ...
Your Comments :
Info réseau
- La station McGill / de la Commune a été retirée aujourd 'hui .
- La station Arcand / Sherbrooke a été installée aujourd 'hui .
- La station St - Jacques / St - Pierre a été déinstallée aujourd 'hui .
- La station Clanranald / Isabelle a été installée aujourd 'hui .
- La station Parc Van Horne ( de la Peltrie / de Westbury ) a été installée aujourd 'hui .
- La station Parc Langelier - Marie - Victorin ( Marie - Victorin / Langelier ) a été installée aujourd 'hui .
- La station Parc du Pélican ( 2e avenue / St - Joseph ) a été installée aujourd 'hui .
- La station Parc St - Laurent a été installée aujourd 'hui .
- La station St - Gérard / Villeray a été déinstallée aujourd 'hui .
- La station Harvard / de Monkland a été désinstallée aujourd 'hui .
- La station de Ville - Marie / Ste - Catherine a été désinstallée aujourd 'hui .
- La station Gilford / Parthenais a été installée aujourd 'hui .
- La station de Gaspé / Marmier a été déplacée à l'intersection St - Dominique / de Bellechasse .
- La station Clark / Ontario a été désintallée aujourd 'hui .
- La station Ste - Catherine / St - Laurent a été déplacée à l'intersection de St - Dominique / Ontario .
- La station Laurier / de Bordeaux a été installée aujourd 'hui .
- La station Parc du Pélican ( 2e avenue / St - Joseph ) a été retirée aujourd 'hui .
- La station Hutchison / Beaubien a été installée aujourd 'hui .
- La station Sanguinet / Ste - Catherine a été retirée aujourd 'hui .
- La station Boucher / St - Denis a été installée aujourd 'hui .
- La station 4e avenue / Masson a été déplacée à l'intersection 5e avenue / Masson .
- La station Valois / Ste - Catherine a été retirée aujourd 'hui .
- La station Hutchison / Beaubien a été retirée aujourd 'hui .
- La station Gaspé / Fairmount a été retirée aujourd 'hui .
- La station Stanley / Sherbrooke a été retirée aujourd 'hui .
- La station Parc Rosemont ( Dandurand / d'Iberville ) a été déplacée à l'intersection Fullum / Holt .
- La station 3e avenue / Dandurand a été déplacée à l'intersection de 3e Avenue / Holt .
- La station Marmier / St - Denis a été retirée aujourd 'hui .
- La station King / de la Commune a été déplacée à l'intersection de Prince / de la Commune .
- La station Berri / St - Grégoire a été désinstallée aujourd ' hui
- La station O'Brien / Poirier a été désinstallée aujourd 'hui .
- La station Poupart / Logan a été déplacée à l'intersection de Parthenais / Ontario .
- La station des Ormeaux / Notre - Dame a été réinstallée aujourd 'hui .
- La station St - Jean - Baptiste / René - Lévesque a été retirée aujourd 'hui .
- La station Marie - Anne / de la Roche a été remise en service
- La station des Soeurs - Grises / Marguerite - d' Youville a été mise en service .
- La station Stanley / Sherbrooke a été retirée temporairement .
- La station King / de la Commune a été installée aujourd 'hui .
- La station de la Commune / King a été retirée aujourd 'hui .
- La station Hôtel - de - Ville / Sherbrooke a été déplacée à l'intersection St - Dominique / Ontario aujourd 'hui .
- La station St - Gerard / Jarry a été mise en service .
- La station Lajeunesse / de Castelnau a été retirée temporairement .
- La station de Liège / Lajeunesse a été retirée temporairement .
- La station Lajeunesse / Villeray a été retirée temporairement .
- La station Métro Sherbrooke ( de Rigaud / St - Denis ) a été retirée aujourd 'hui .
- La station Berri / Cherrier a été installé aujourd 'hui .
- La station 9e avenue /
Holt a été déplacée à l'intersection de 10e avenue / Holt .
- La station de Parc de Bullion ( de Bullion / Prince - Arthur ) a été installée aujourd 'hui .
- La station Métro Jarry ( Lajeunesse / Jarry ) a été retirée aujourd ' hui .
- La station Bellechasse / St - Vallier a été installée aujourd 'hui .
- La station Poirier / O'brien a été remise en service
- La station St - Zotique / Clark a été retirée pour faire la place à une piste cyclable
- La station Sanguinet / Ontario a été remise en service
- La station 10e avenue / Masson a été remise en service
- La station Bellerive / Duchesneau a été réinstallée à l'intersection des Ormeaux / Notre - Dame
- La station 10e avenue / Masson a été remise en service
- La station Boyer / Rosemont a été remise en service
- La station Queen / Wellington a été retirée pour une durée indéterminée
- La station Benny / de Monkland a été retirée pour une durée indéterminée
- La station Boyer / Beaubien a été remise en service
- La station de Bellechasse / de St - Vallier a été retirée aujourd 'hui .
- La station Ste - Catherine / St - Marc a été retirée aujourd 'hui .
- La station de l'Esplanade / Laurier a été déplacée à l'intersection de Jeanne - Mance / Laurier .
- La station Bellerive / Duchesneau a été retirée aujourd 'hui .
- La station Logan / d'Iberville a été retirée pour une durée indéterminée
- La station Métro Villa - Maria ( de Monkland / Décarie ) a été installée aujourd 'hui .
- La station Square St - Louis a été remise en service
- La station Sanguinet / Ontario a été retirée pour une durée indéterminée
- La station Place Longueuil a été mise en service
- La station Collège Édouard - Montpetit a été mise en service
- La station Métro Longueuil / Université de Montréal a été mise en service
- La station St - Charles / Grant a été mise en service
- La station St - Charles / Montarville a été mise en service
- La station St - Charles / St - Sylvestre a été mise en service
- La station 10e avenue / Masson a été retirée pour une durée indéterminée
- La station Parc Jean - Drapeau a été mise en service
- La station Casino de Montréal a été mise en service
- La station La Ronde a été mise en service
- La station Parc
Plage a été mise en service
- La station Bassin Olympique a été mise en service
- La station de la Roche / St - Joseph a été retirée pour une durée indéterminée
- La station St - Dominique / de Bellechasse a été déplacée à l'angle de Henri-Julien / de Bellechasse pour une durée indéterminée
- La station Thérèse - Lavoie Roux a été déplacée à l'intersection Outremont / Thérèse - Lavoie Roux .
- La station Square St - Louis a été retirée temporairement
- La station Clark / Evans a été déplacée au coin de Clark et Ontario
- La station Boyer / Rosemont a été retirée temporairement
- La station Boyer / Beaubien a été retirée aujourd 'hui .
- La station St - André / Robin a été retirée aujourd 'hui .
- La station Metcalfe / Ste - Catherine a été installée aujourd 'hui .
- La station Ottawa /
Peel a été réinstallée à l'intersection Eleanor / Ottawa aujourd ' hui
- La station 19e avenue / St - Joseph Lachine a été déplacée à l'intersection 18e avenue / St - Joseph .
- La station Ottawa /
Peel a été retirée aujourd 'hui .
- La station St - André / Cherrier a été déplacée à l'intersection St - Christophe / Cherrier .
- La station Laurier / de Bordeaux a été retirée aujourd 'hui .
- La station Berri / Cherrier a été retirée aujourd 'hui .
- La station Palm / St - Remi a été retirée aujourd 'hui .
DAYTONA BEACH , Florida ( CNN ) -- Sen. Barack Obama told voters in Daytona Beach , Florida , on Saturday that if Sen.
John McCain became president , he would privatize their Social Security .
It 's a debate over the program that could resurface as a major issue in the closing weeks of the campaign , given the wild swings in financial markets .
" If my opponent had his way , the millions of Floridians who rely on it would 've had their Social Security tied up in the stock market this week .
Millions would 've watched as the market tumbled and their nest egg disappeared before their eyes , " he said .
" I know Sen. McCain is talking about a ' casino culture ' on Wall Street , but the fact is , he 's the one who wants to gamble with your life savings , and that is not going to happen when I 'm president .
When I 'm president , we 're not going to gamble with Social Security . "
The McCain campaign disputed Obama 's assertion , calling it " a desperate attempt to gain political advantage using scare tactics and deceit . "
Election Center :
Where the candidates stand on Social Security
Obama also highlighted an article McCain penned in this month 's issue of the American Academy of Actuaries magazine , called " Contingencies , " in which he said consumers would have more choices for health insurance products if the market was opened to more " vigorous nationwide competition , as we have done over the last decade in banking . "
" He wants to run health care like they 've been running Wall Street .
Well , senator , I know some folks on Main Street who are n't going to think that 's such a good idea , " Obama said .
Listen to Obama 's Saturday radio address »
The Democratic nominee has one more event in Jacksonville before heading to North Carolina for an event Sunday in Charlotte .
The campaign announced that Obama will spend several days next week in Tampa , Florida -- a spot along the Interstate 4 corridor that is considered a crucial swing vote region for both candidates -- prepping for Friday 's first presidential debate .
In a radio address Saturday , McCain blasted Obama 's ties to failed mortgage lenders Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
" While Fannie and Freddie were working to keep Congress away from their house of cards , Sen. Obama was taking their money .
He got more , in fact , than any other member of Congress , except for the Democratic chairman of the committee that oversees them , " he added .
Fact Check : Did Obama ' profit ' from Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac ?
Last week , Obama 's campaign highlighted the fact that several of McCain 's top advisers had lobbied on behalf of the two lenders .
Nonetheless , the McCain campaign released an ad Friday linking Obama to former Fannie Mae CEO Franklin Raines .
Watch McCain lash out on Obama 's financial plan »
" Who advises him ? " the female announcer asks .
" The [ Washington ]
Post says it 's Franklin Raines , for ' advice on mortgage and housing policy . ' "
But on Saturday , Obama debunked those accusations .
" My opponent attacked me for being associated with a Fannie Mae guy who I met once and talked to for maybe five minutes .
He did a TV ad saying this guy was my adviser .
The guy actually had to send out a letter saying , ' That 's not true .
I actually do n't really talk to the guy , ' " Obama said .
And the head of the lobbying shop at Fannie Mae turned around and said , ' Wait a minute .
When I see photographs of Sen. McCain 's staff , it looks to me like the team of lobbyists who used to report to me . ' "
Also Friday , McCain 's team fired off an ad about Obama 's relationship with Jim Johnson , the former Fannie Mae chairman who resigned as head of the Democrat 's vice presidential vetting team after allegations that he had received preferential terms on a mortgage from Countrywide Financial .
Watch an analysis of the new political ads »
Meanwhile , McCain will stop by his 50 - year class reunion Saturday at the U.S. Naval Academy football game .
The Arizona senator , who often mentions his time as a prisoner of war during the Vietnam era , graduated from the Academy in 1958 along with John Poindexter and Robert " Bud " McFarlane , two consecutive national security advisers under President Reagan who played a role in the Iran - Contra affair .
Also Saturday , a new CNN poll of polls in Michigan suggests that Obama has a 5 - point lead over McCain , 47 percent to 42 percent , with 11 percent of voters undecided .
Seventeen electoral votes are up for grabs in Michigan .
The current financial crisis from Wall Street to Main Street will more than likely be a major factor in Michigan , a state dealing with hard economic times .
" The struggling economy could be Obama 's trump card , " CNN Senior Political Researcher Alan Silverleib noted .
" Obama is doing slightly better in CNN's Michigan poll of polls than in CNN 's national poll of polls in large part because Michigan is ground zero when it comes to the country 's current economic hardship .
The unsettling news from Wall Street over the last few days could play to Obama 's advantage , especially in the Rust Belt , " Silverleib added .
Interactive : CNN's Electoral Map
Michigan has voted for the Democratic candidate in the past four presidential elections , but it was quite close in 2004 , with Sen.
John Kerry beating President Bush there by just 3 points .
The latest CNN poll of polls is an average of the three most recent surveys in Michigan .
They are a Big Ten Battleground poll conducted September 14 - 17 , an EPIC / MRA survey taken on the same days and a Marist poll conducted September 16 - 17 .
CNN 's Rebecca Sinderbrand contributed to this report .
All About John McCain • Barack Obama
He called for a " meaningful debate " about the direction of EU justice and security policy , but warned : " There is now only a slim chance that the political elites in the Council of the European Union , the European Commission , national governments , the law enforcement agencies and the multinationals will change course - they have already invested too much to allow a meaningful public debate to take place . "
Details have emerged about how Republican vice - presidential candidate Sarah Palin 's email account was broken into , including a hacker 's claim he was able to impersonate her online to obtain her password .
The hacker guessed that Alaska 's governor had met her husband in high school , and knew Palin 's date of birth and home postcode .
Using those details , the hacker tricked Yahoo Inc 's service into assigning a new password , " popcorn " for Palin 's email account , according to a chronology of the crime published on the website where the hacking was first revealed .
The FBI and Secret Service have launched a formal investigation .
Yahoo declined to comment on details of the investigation , citing Palin 's privacy and the sensitivity of such investigations .
" i am the lurker who did it , and i would like to tell the story , " the person wrote in the account , which circulated on the internet .
" What started as a prank was cut short because of panic over the possibility the FBI might investigate " , the hacker wrote .
Investigators were waiting to speak with Gabriel Ramuglia of Athens , Georgia , who operates an internet anonymity service used by the hacker .
Ramuglia said he was reviewing his own logs and promised to turn over any helpful information to authorities because the hacker violated rules against using the anonymity service for illegal activities .
" If you 're doing something illegal and causing me issues by doing this , I 'm willing to cooperate , " Ramuglia said .
" Obviously this is the most high profile situation I 've dealt with . "
The break - in of Palin 's private account is especially significant because Palin sometimes uses non-government emails to conduct state business .
Previously disclosed emails indicate her administration embraced Yahoo accounts as an alternative to government email , which could possibly be released to the public under Alaska 's Open Records Act .
At the time , critics of Palin 's administration were poring over official emails they had obtained from the governor 's office looking for evidence of improper political activity .
Details of this week 's break - in , if authentic , were consistent with speculation by computer security experts who said Yahoo's " forgot - my - password " service almost certainly was exploited .
The mechanism allows customers to retrieve or change their password if they can verify their identity by confirming personal information such as birthdate , postcode and the answer to a " secret question " , such as a childhood pet 's name or school mascot .
Palin's hacker was challenged to guess where Alaska 's governor met her husband , Todd .
Palin herself recounted in her speech at the Republican National Convention that the pair began dating two decades ago in high school in Wasilla , a town near Anchorage .
" I found out later though ( sic ) more research that they met at high school , so I did variations of that , high , high school , eventually hit on ' Wasilla high ' , " the person wrote .
The McCain campaign issued a statement describing the hacking as an invasion of Palin 's privacy .
with AP
Kraft Turning Cheese Waste Into Biogas
September 18th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
Add Kraft to the growing list of companies that turn waste into energy .
Two of the company ’s New York cheese plants plan to turn used whey into biogas — enough to provide energy to 2,600 homes .
Previously , Kraft relied on other methods to get rid of its waste .
The company used to concentrate whey and send it off - site for use as animal feed or fertilizer on farm fields .
But the new waste - to - energy plan will remove the CO2 emissions associated with transporting waste off - site .
Kraft ’s announcement is part of a larger company - wide plan to reduce CO2 emissions by 25 percent and manufacturing plant waste by 15 percent .
Other companies getting on the waste - to - energy bandwagon include Anheuser - Busch , McDonald ’s , and Chrysler .
I expect to see many more companies joining these heavyweights in the near future , as waste - to - energy is beneficial for everyone involved .
Companies reduce transportation costs for shipping waste , local inhabitants get alternative energy , and the press gets a story .
It seems like a no - brainer to me .
More Posts on Alternative Energy :
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
On CNN Sunday , former Secretary of State Colin Powell offered some " straight - talk " on the Georgia / Russia conflict , and not - so - subtly insinuated that McCain 's rather belligerent response was careless and unnecessarily provocative .
Download Download ( h/t Heather )
POWELL : And I think it was foolhardy on the part of President Saakashvili and the Georgian government to kick over this can , to light a match in a roomful of gas fumes .
SESNO : So you 're saying the Georgians provoked this ?
POWELL : They did .
I mean , there was a lot of reasons to have provocations in the area , but the match that started the conflagration was from the Georgian side .
AMANPOUR : And yet ...
POWELL : And that 's a given .
AMANPOUR : And some debate in the presidential elections has basically been , " We are all Georgians now . "
What does that mean ?
It 's the same as was said after 9/11 .
POWELL : One candidate said that , and I 'll let the candidate explain it for himself . [...]
You have to be very careful in a situation like this not just to leap to one side or the other until you 've taken a good analysis of the whole situation .
KISS
I was just scanning through Blabbermouth , a few moments ago , when I stumbled across a post , that just made go all WTF ?!
Apparently , during a more or less familiar interview for Norway ’s NRK , the KISS bassist / vocalist Gene Simmons confirmed that him , as well as co-founder Paul Stanley will retire from the band , then jokingly or not , he confessed he ’s planning to keep the band alive forever .
It seems it ’s all part of a diabolical master plan , forged by Gene and the band ’s longtime manager Doc McGhee , to find four replacements for the NEW KISS .
Again , WTF !?
This does n’t stop here either , when asked if the new band selection would be a reality show , like American Idol or Rock Star , Gene replied “ The answer is yes .
The deal has just been signed .
It ’s coming soon . ”
In a separate interview , Stanley was apparently not very happy to hear about his bandmate ’s statement regarding KISS ’ future .
“ There is no signed deal , ” Stanley said .
“ Again , when we are both aked the same question sometimes , you get different answers , ” Stanley added , “ What will happen , we ’ll see as we go along .
But is something going to happen next week ?
Is something signed ?
No .
But am I opposed to the idea of going out and trying to find new KISS members through the television ?
Of course not . ”
Bellow you can see a one and a half minute video , part of a one hour long special set to air in September on NRK , in which you ’ll be able to watch the exact KISS members statements , that I ’ve been talking about .
Worth noting is the fact that something similar was planned for Velvet Revolver as well , after they lost their vocalist , Scott Weiland , at the end of spring , but luckily Slash thought that “ was n’t Cool ” .
Glad to head there ’s still some brains left in the music industry .
This is for you , guys .
The US has kicked the investigation of an alleged airstrike - gone - wrong into high gear , sending a general to Afghanistan to take over from local commanders after they had confirmed that the airstrike hit militant targets .
The reason ?
The UN has video evidence contradicting those local commanders .
Afghan and Western officials say Afghanistan 's intelligence agency and the U.N. both have video of the aftermath of the Aug. 22 U.S. airstrikes on the village of Azizabad showing dozens of dead women and children .
The Afghan government and the U.N. have said the raid killed 90 civilians , including 60 children .
The U.S. military said in a statement Sunday it will send a general officer to review the findings of the initial U.S. investigation that up to 35 militants and seven civilians died .
Locals had alleged that the airstrike was based upon faulty intelligence after political enemies of a local leader falsely ' fingered ' the village in return for a bounty payment .
The BBC adds more about the nature of the new evidence .
Video footage from mobile phones showing dozens of dead bodies has given increasing credibility to claims by local residents that up to 90 civilians were killed in the attack .
The footage shows bodies - many of them women and children - lined up in a mosque in the village of Azizabad , which was the subject of a combined ground operation and airstrike by US forces .
Both the Afghan government and the United Nations have already carried out their own investigations into the attack .
They say the video evidence , and the presence of a large number of fresh graves in the village , confirm the accounts of local people .
Until now , the US military has insisted that far fewer civilians died in what it says was a successful operation against Taleban militants in the area .
On Sunday , however , the senior US commander in Afghanistan , David McKiernan , said that in light of new evidence , he had asked for the American investigation to be reopened .
You can watch some of the video as part of a BBC World news report on the incident here .
Violence is still rising in Afghanistan , with a higher rate of US troop deaths now than Iraq even at its worse .
More than more than 2,500 people , including 1,000 civilians , have been killed in the last six months and , overall , coalition forces have killed almost as many civilians as militants have .
Airstrikes have been blamed for many of the deaths .
Just after the airstrike in Herat district , Afghan president Hamid Karzai visited grieving relatives and told them " I have been working day and night over the past five years to prevent such incidents , but I have n't been successful in my efforts .
If I had succeeded , the people of Azizabad would n't be bathed in blood . "
Watch it .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
Tax credits for the solar , wind and biodiesel industries moved closer on Monday to expiring at year - end , as lawmakers said they may run out of time to reconcile competing energy legislation in Congress .
The House of Representatives and Senate in recent weeks passed different bills that would extend tax breaks for renewable energy sources , including a subsidy for biodiesel .
With the House expected to recess soon for the November elections , time has all but run out for the chambers to send a final version of the tax bill to the White House .
House Democratic Leader Steny Hoyer of Maryland told reporters Monday that the House would not have time to consider the Senate ’s version of the renewable energy bill and urged the Senate to approve the legislation passed by the House .
Hoyer said there is no intention to have the House return during its recess to address the tax credits issue , if no deal is reached this week .
He said he would continue to work with Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to pass the legislation , “ even if it ’s next year . ”
The Senate bill was a part of a larger tax package that included tax incentives for other businesses and a one - year fix to the Alternative Minimum Tax so millions of Americans will not be subject to higher income taxes .
Although the energy portion of the Senate package was funded through limiting tax breaks to energy companies , other portions of the bill were not funded .
The House passed its renewable energy bill separately from other bills that tackled the Alternative Minimum Tax patch and other business tax breaks .
Hoyer and other House Democrats chided the Senate for not funding its entire tax package as the House did .
“ We all support tax extenders ...
This debate is not about the need for those , it ’s about an underlying principle about whether we as a government are willing to pay for things we buy , ” said Rep. Allen Boyd of Florida .
Both versions would extend for one year production tax credits for wind energy , with an eight - year extension for investment tax credits for solar energy projects .
Both provide tax credits for purchasing plug - in electric vehicles , though at different amounts .
The bills also provide incentives for the use of biodiesel .
Critics of this subsidy say it promotes a “ splash and dash ” loophole where companies mix foreign biofuels with U.S. biodiesel to receive the U.S. subsidy , which they then sell at a discount abroad .
If Congress does not act to extend the renewable energy incentives , which expire at the end of the year , the solar industry alone would lose 39,000 jobs in 2009 , according to a Solar Energy Industries Association spokeswoman .
The solar energy group joined with a coalition of renewable energy industry representatives Monday to urge Congress not to adjourn until a compromise was reached .
As a woman , I ’m offended by John McCain ’s decision to select Alaska Governor Sarah Palin as his running mate .
It is clear that the decision is primarily driven by politics , by the belief that to get Hillary ’s supporters , all you need to do is play the gender card .
I respect what Palin has done in Alaska in terms of calling out corrupt politics , and I ’m sure that McCain does too .
But being a whistleblower and working towards a clean state government are not qualifications for the ( vice ) presidency , especially not in times like these .
We need whistleblowers and we need people who will work to clean up the government , but we need so much more than that .
McCain is not a young man .
The most important quality in a vice president is their ability to be the president should something happen .
It ’s one thing to say that Obama is not ready because he has n’t spent enough time in Washington , but he has worked on issues at many levels and he is very well connected globally and engaged in global political issues .
There ’s nothing that indicates that the same is true of Palin .
Palin is the Governor of a state with severe economic issues .
What has she done ?
She played protectionist politics to keep a dairy company in business when it was clear that they could n’t compete and they still failed .
Trying to protect failed business plans is not the path towards economic growth .
Her current plan , although not yet implemented ( thank god ) , is to destroy the environment and put at risk future generations for economic prosperity today .
As a woman , I ’m offended .
Women have long borne the responsibility to protect the environment and future generations .
How can she turn her back on this to reap short - term political and economic rewards ?
Palin marks her identity by noting that she ’s just a soccer mom .
She is respected politically for questioning powers that be .
She is respected by evangelicals for not aborting her son after learning that he would have Down Syndrome .
As a woman , I ’m offended .
Palin has the right to choose what she does with her body , and I respect her decision , but I also demand the right to make my own choices .
Feminism is n’t about aborting – feminism is about the right to choose and make decisions about our bodies based on what is best for everyone involved in the social context in which we live .
A woman ’s personal choice alone does not make her eligible for presidency .
I voted for Barack , but I deeply respect Hillary .
I am in awe of the work she has done and that she continues to do .
In 1992 , I would ’ve ( could I have ) voted for her in a second over Bill .
2008 is different and I think that Barack is bringing to the table something far more important .
My choice of Barack is not a diss on Hillary .
For the first time in my life , I made a choice about who to vote FOR not who to vote against .
Palin is not Hillary .
Palin lacks the experience , the connections , the political stature , and , most importantly , the deep respect for women and women ’s issues that Hillary has .
As a woman , I ’m offended .
I ’m offended that McCain is choosing a woman who is clearly ill - equipped to be the president of this country in an effort to woo over Hillary ’s supporters .
I ’m offended because McCain ’s decision is one of the most misogynist ones I ’ve seen in recent history .
Does he honestly believe that women in this country are so stupid as to believe that any woman is a substitute for another woman ?
That all that us women boil down to is our XX chromosomes and estrogen ?
C’mon now .
Do n’t get me wrong – I want to see women in the highest positions of power in this country .
But I do n’t just want any woman .
I want women in power who have earned the respect and worked to achieve said power .
I want women who are chosen because of what they have done , not how they look in a political power game .
I was expecting McCain to choose a woman .
I figured that ’s why he waited this long .
I was expecting him to go outside of the DC circuit and my latest musing was that he ’d choose Meg Whitman .
Sure , she ’d be controversial as hell , but damn is she a professional power house .
And , unlike Palin , she actually knows something about economics .
Her experience as CEO of a major international company has given her tremendous experience that would complement McCain tremendously .
She ’s financially self - sustaining and appealing to the economic conservatives that the Republican party lost under Bush .
Sure , she ’s controversial and I ’d hate to see that kind of corporate - ness inside the White House , but she ’s beyond qualified and capable .
Palin is an entirely different picture .
She appeals to the social conservatives because of her personal views , but she lacks anything resembling the qualifications to be president .
As a woman , I ’m offended .
I was n’t going to vote for McCain before , but I had at least respected him and what he ’s done for this country .
He ’s completely lost any ounce of respect in my mind .
His decision to choose a vice president based solely on her gender is absolutely antithetical to every value I hold dear .
Our sisters , mothers , and grandmothers did not fight for women ’s rights only to have a woman toted around as an accessory in federal politics .
I am confident that Palin is a smart , compassionate , and capable person , but she lacks the qualifications , experience , and long - term thinking to be president .
This is n’t about DC .
She has n’t even done anything worth mentioning in Alaska .
For McCain to tap her for this position is just outright offensive .
On the anniversary of women ’s right to vote in this country , Hillary asked the crowd if they voted for her or for the people that she ’s trying to serve .
In asking the audience to vote for Barack , she asked them to move beyond individualist - politics and focus on the issues at hand .
My hope is that women everywhere took that message to heart .
This is n’t about getting a woman into the White House .
It ’s about creating a future that we want to live in .
The House Republican leadership ’s explanation that they lost their caucus on the bailout because of Nancy Pelosi ’s floor speech was transparently false on it face , but Rep. John Shadegg ( R - AZ ) removed whatever doubt might have remained this morning on MSNBC :
Recent neuroimaging studies have identified a set of brain regions that are metabolically active during wakeful rest and consistently deactivate in a variety the performance of demanding tasks .
This “ default network ” has been functionally linked to the stream of thoughts occurring automatically in the absence of goal - directed activity and which constitutes an aspect of mental behavior specifically addressed by many meditative practices .
Zen meditation , in particular , is traditionally associated with a mental state of full awareness but reduced conceptual content , to be attained via a disciplined regulation of attention and bodily posture .
Using fMRI and a simplified meditative condition interspersed with a lexical decision task , we investigated the neural correlates of conceptual processing during meditation in regular Zen practitioners and matched control subjects .
While behavioral performance did not differ between groups , Zen practitioners displayed a reduced duration of the neural response linked to conceptual processing in regions of the default network , suggesting that meditative training may foster the ability to control the automatic cascade of semantic associations triggered by a stimulus and , by extension , to voluntarily regulate the flow of spontaneous mentation .
In the current study , we tested the hypothesis that the habitual practice of being heedful to distraction from spontaneous thoughts during meditation renders regular meditators , as compared to control subjects , more able to voluntarily contain the automatic cascade of conceptual associations triggered by semantic stimuli .
To this purpose , we adapted a simple lexical decision task [ 11 ] that required the subjects to decide whether the visually presented stimuli were real English words or strings of letters with plausible readings but no semantic content ( “ nonwords ” ) by pressing a button on an MRI - compatible response device .
The stimuli were delivered on a temporally sparse schedule within an ongoing meditative condition : subjects were instructed to attend to their breathing throughout the scan , perform the lexical decision task when a stimulus appeared on the screen , and promptly re-focus their attention to their breathing .
We hypothesized that the default network in meditators would display a response associated with semantic processing characterized by a reduced duration compared to control subjects , for whom the cascade of conceptual associations triggered by semantic stimuli would be less effectively terminated by the experimental prescription of redirecting attention to the breathing .
The study of spontaneous cognitive processes in the resting state has recently acquired some momentum due to the neuroimaging finding of a consistent set of brain regions displaying higher activity during wakeful rest than during a variety of demanding tasks .
Such a “ default mode of brain function ” [ 8 ] , [ 9 ] has in fact been implicated in the spontaneous stream of thoughts , episodic memories , and conceptual processing that normally occurs in the absence of goal - directed activity [ 10 ] , [ 11 ] , [ 12 ] , [ 13 ] , and which appears to be integral to our sense of self [ 14 ] , [ 15 ] , [ 16 ] , [ 17 ] .
The default network includes regions in the medial prefrontal cortex , posterior cingulate , angular gyrus , and the left superior and middle frontal gyri [ 8 ] , [ 9 ] , [ 18 ] , [ 19 ] , while typical subcortical components are the hippocampus and parahippocampal gyrus [ 14 ] , [ 20 ] , [ 21 ] .
In cognitive terms , the attempt at mental regulation through meditation involves developing a progressive familiarity with the interplay of voluntary attention ( often directed to the breath and / or the posture ) and the spontaneous conceptual processing that appears in its fractures , a process facilitated by the adoption of a stable seated posture and a quiet environment .
It should also be noted that while particular meditative practices attempt to promote absorption and sensory withdrawal from the environment ( see [ 5 ] , [ 6 ] , for a classification of meditative techniques ) , Zen meditation , quite to the contrary , prescribes a vigilant attitude that is pragmatically implemented by the adoption of a seated posture with a certain degree of active tension and by keeping the eyes open ; mental withdrawal from the environment is considered as promoting a state of dreaminess and lack of clarity counterproductive to the meditative pursuit and is therefore vigorously discouraged [ 7 ] .
There has been a resurgence of scientific interest in the neurophysiological bases of meditation in recent years [ 1 ] , [ 2 ] , owing in part to the wide availability and increasing sophistication of in vivo brain imaging techniques .
An important aspect of these practices that has not been directly investigated , and the subject of the present work , is the relationship between meditation and conceptual processing .
The Buddhist meditative exercise has its roots in the metaphysical tenet of “ emptiness , ” particularly emphasized by the Zen schools [ 3 ] .
According to this view , reality is originally devoid of ontological properties and it is only via an incessant and largely unconscious habit of emotional self - reference and categorization that a conceptual structure is created and ultimately reified ; a process necessary for daily life , but that also tends to condition the individual into predefined patterns of thoughts , feelings , and behaviors .
Meditation is believed to counteract this tendency in favor of a condition of equanimity where the provisional nature of one 's own conceptual structure is realized , bringing about a greater freedom of thought and action as well as a decreased sense of self - attachment .
Notably , the contrast words - nonwords , when the hemodynamic response was modeled as a simple Gamma function , was not significantly different between controls and meditators in any ROI ( all t- tests , p>0.2 ) .
It is important to recognize , however , that this corresponds to a real lack of difference in the response properties of meditators and control only insofar as the Gamma function models the full extent of the hemodynamic time course satisfactorily .
In particular , since we were interested in the residual semantic processing occurring after the subjects responded to the stimulus , we examined the ROIs ' activation profile in more detail by modeling the hemodynamic time course with a more general basis set of spline functions .
The estimated event - related time courses for the stimulus response component associated with conceptual processing ( see Methods ) , obtained by subtracting the estimated waveform for nonword stimuli from the estimated waveform for word stimuli , showed a clear difference between meditators and controls in the peri-stimulus interval following the peak of the Gamma model ( Figure 3 ) .
The event - related time course of this difference is plotted explicitly in Figure 4 .
A repeated - measure ANOVA on the cumulative measure of the BOLD activity associated with semantic processing in the 6 – 14 s post - stimulus period , with group as a between - subject factor and ROI as a within - subject factor ( see Methods ) , showed significant main effects of group ( CTRL > MEDT , F( 1,22 ) = 12.3 , p = 0.002 ) and ROI ( F( 7,154 ) = 3.5 , p = 0.001 ) , and no interaction ( F( 7,154 ) = 1.3 , p = 0.2 ) .
Post - hoc tests of group differences within each ROI revealed that this effect was common across all ROIs , with the exception of the middle and posterior cingulate areas ( Table 3 ) .
An aspect of the results portrayed in Figure 2 that may appear puzzling at first is that the observed response to the stimuli was generally a deactivation compared to baseline , for both words and nonwords .
This is perhaps unexpected , given the amount of existing data implicating regions of the default mode network in semantic processing , especially on the left side [ 10 ] , [ 11 ] , [ 13 ] , [ 22 ] , [ 23 ] , [ 24 ] .
It can be explained , however , by considering that ( 1 ) some activity related to spontaneous thoughts is likely to be present during the meditative baseline condition , and ( 2 ) the response to the stimuli in our task always included the interruption of an ongoing state of introspectively oriented attention to require visual processing and a motor response ( see Methods ) .
While this task - switching component is likely to be responsible for the general deactivation induced by both words and nonwords [ 25 ] , it was important to verify that the observed differential activity induced by words and nonwords in regions of the default mode network was not due to a simple difference in processing difficulty [ 26 ] , as suggested by slower reaction times for nonwords compared to words ( Table 1 ) , rather than to semantic processing .
We therefore performed a Pearson correlation analysis across subjects between the values of the words - nonwords contrast in each ROI and the average difference in response times between word and nonword stimuli .
All correlations were non-significant , even when omitting the correction for multiple testing , with very low values for the correlation coefficient ( all p>0.05 , uncorrected ; median r = 0.04 ) .
Discussion
In this study , we employed a simple lexical decision paradigm to investigate whether the regular practice of meditation can affect the dynamics of implicit conceptual processing and , more specifically , to test whether experienced meditators would display the ability to abbreviate the duration of neural processing triggered by semantic stimuli during meditation .
To this end , we first identified the brain regions associated with conceptual processing across the two groups of subjects , and then estimated the temporal course of the stimulus - evoked response in these regions .
The results support the hypothesis that the regular practice of Zen meditation enhances the capacity for voluntary regulation of spontaneous mental activity .
In regions of the default network , meditators displayed a BOLD response related to semantic processing that was characterized by a reduced post - stimulus tail compared to control subjects .
A possible explanation for this finding is that meditators , given their practice history , had an advantage over control subjects in the experimental meditative task of re-focusing attention on the breath after having processed and responded to the presented stimuli .
It is interesting to note that in a few ROIs and especially in the L.angular .g.1 ( Figure 3 ) , a key region in conceptual elaboration [ 27 ] , [ 28 ] , [ 29 ] , the BOLD signal related to semantic processing drops to a level below baseline in the post - stimulus period in meditators .
This finding may indicate that the active process of regulating the stimulus - triggered conceptual processing by re-focusing on the breath , is in meditators so effective as to bring the level of semantic processing temporarily below the level of the normal baseline .
During the baseline periods , i.e. the intervals where no stimuli are presented , a certain amount of spontaneous thinking is likely to occur in both groups of subjects ( although perhaps less so in meditators ) , but in the period immediately following a stimulus response , the strong engagement of the executive function involved in re-focusing attention on the breath may cause the level of conceptual processing to drop below the normal baseline level ; this is usually the case for deactivations in the default mode network , which increase in amplitude as executive demands increase [ 26 ] .
Notably , the conceptual processing evoked by the word stimuli in the lexical decision task was completely implicit , in the sense that no explicit conceptual elaboration of the stimuli was required in order to perform the task correctly .
The task relied on the assumption that the visual presentation of a lexical stimulus with semantic content , insofar as it was recognized as a “ real English word ” , would automatically activate a cluster of semantic associations whose neural correlates could be identified by the contrast words - nonwords .
The choice of implicit rather than explicit conceptual processing was motivated by the desire to mimic , to a certain extent , the properties of spontaneous , task - unrelated thoughts .
In this sense , the snippets of semantic content delivered at random times within the baseline meditative condition were employed as “ seeds ” for triggering from the outside , and in an experimentally controlled fashion , the automatic activation of at least a subset of the conceptual cluster linked to the presented word .
We did not observe any difference in reaction times or errors between controls and meditators .
It could have been expected that meditators would exhibit a prompter response to the stimuli , by virtue of their training in being less distracted by spontaneous thoughts .
We note , however , that subjects in our study were instructed to concentrate on their breathing and that , therefore , responding to the stimulus required a switching from an internally to an externally oriented attentional modality , a process with a significant cost in terms of reaction times that may have masked such an effect .
In the actual practice of zazen , on the other hand , a great importance is placed on a regulated sitting posture and a mental attitude of openness to the arising of perceptions without allowing one 's attention to be sequestered by them .
While both of these components are thought to promote a state of mental readiness that may decrease reaction times to an external stimulus , they were not included in our protocol for pragmatic reasons , i.e. , that the simplified meditative technique of breath concentration could be easily adopted by the non-meditators , as well as the impossibility of assuming a seated posture in the scanner .
These factors may explain the observed lack of differences in the behavioral results between meditators and controls .
The pattern of activation identified by the contrast words - nonwords included the typical nodes of the default mode network , replicating the results obtained by Binder and colleagues [ 11 ] in a study employing the same stimuli in a fast event - related design .
This is also consistent with several reports implicating regions of the default mode network in semantic processes of either task - related [ 10 ] , [ 24 ] , [ 30 ] , [ 31 ] or task - unrelated nature [ 13 ] , [ 23 ] , with a complex interaction of the two with respect to memory formation [ 32 ] , [ 33 ] , [ 34 ] .
The activated clusters were restricted to the left hemisphere , which is to be expected given the lexical nature of the task and well - known left - hemisphere dominance in language function .
Notably , meditators and controls exhibited no difference for the words - nonwords contrast in these regions when the hemodynamic response was modeled by a simple Gamma function .
A whole - brain analysis directly comparing meditators and controls for the same contrast ( words - nonwords ) also revealed no significant group differences at the statistical threshold of α<0.05 , corrected ( single - voxel p<0.001 , cluster size k>27 voxels ) .
It is important to note that the response model based on the convolution of the stimulus presentation sequence with a simple Gamma function was generally able to detect the initial transient rise in the signal , but could only partially fit a response that was more extended than the canonical hemodynamic response to a brief simple stimulus .
Since the duration of the processing triggered by the presentation of the stimuli was a quantity of interest in our study and unknown a priori , we estimated the actual time course of the response in the selected set of ROIs by modeling the stimulus response with a basis set of cubic splines .
Using this method , we were able to detect a decreased duration of the BOLD response related to conceptual processing in most regions identified by the initial analysis in meditators versus controls ( Table 3 , Figure 4 ) .
This effect was particularly prominent in the left angular gyrus and the left superior frontal gyrus , regions whose level of activity has been reported to be strongly correlated with the amount of task - independent thoughts in a recent study [ 23 ] .
The only ROIs that did not display a significant group effect were the middle cingulate cortex , which is not commonly considered part of the default network , and the posterior cingulate cortex , which also displayed a lesser correlation with task - independent thoughts compared to the other regions in the above mentioned study [ 23 ] .
The medial parietal cortex ( including posterior cingulate , retrosplenial cortex , and precuneus ) has been hypothesized to occupy a rather early stage in processing semantic information [ 35 ] , which could explain why we did not detect a significant group difference in this region for the post - stimulus semantic activity .
From this perspective , an effect of sustained semantic processing is more likely to be observed in areas that occupy later processing stages , in particular higher - order associative areas such as the angular gyrus and regions of the prefrontal cortex , which are optimally suited to maintain an organized pattern of activity for extended durations [ 36 ] , [ 37 ] .
There is in fact considerable evidence indicating that the region around the angular gyrus , corresponding roughly to Brodmann areas 39/40 and originally described by Norman Geschwind [ 38 ] , is a key structure in semantic processing [ 28 ] , [ 29 ] and may have had an evolutionary role in the development of language [ 39 ] .
The angular gyrus has also been hypothesized to play a specific role in the default network by integrating semantic information into an ongoing context , and has recently been shown to display later - stage responses to semantic material similar to those observed here [ 40 ] .
The present work contributes novel data to the burgeoning field of meditation studies in the context of modern neuroscience ( see [ 5 ] , [ 41 ] for reviews ) , as well as to the research on mind - wandering and stimulus - independent thoughts [ 42 ] .
While most of the recent literature has focused on the effect of meditative practices on attentional processes [ 43 ] , [ 44 ] , [ 45 ] , [ 46 ] , [ 47 ] , [ 48 ] , and a substantial effort has been devoted to investigate the processes underlying mind - wandering under non-meditative conditions [ 13 ] , [ 49 ] , [ 50 ] , [ 51 ] , [ 52 ] , [ 53 ] , there has not yet been , to our knowledge , any previous attempt to characterize the neural correlates of conceptual processing during meditation .
Importantly , this is an area of research with potential clinical relevance for psychiatric conditions characterized by excessive rumination [ 54 ] , such as obsessive - compulsive disorder [ 55 ] , anxiety disorder [ 56 ] , and major depression [ 57 ] , [ 58 ] , [ 59 ] .
In closing , we would like to indicate some limitations of the present study that should be explored by further work .
First , the employed cross-sectional experimental design cannot rule out the possibility of a selection bias where the observed effect is not due to the difference in meditative experience between the two groups but to some pre-existing hidden variable ; a longitudinal design , with random assignment of subjects to a meditation training group and a group with a control intervention , would be able to detect differences due to training with greater confidence , albeit at the likely price of investigating effects limited to short - term training .
Secondly , the study was not designed to assess behavioral correlates of the fMRI finding of a faster post - stimulus renormalization , in meditators compared to controls , of the BOLD signal related to semantic processing ; future work should explore the use of behavioral probes that can directly assess the level of conceptual processing in the post - stimulus period without critically interfering with the main paradigm .
Thirdly , while the study was sufficiently powered to detect the reported effects , it could clearly benefit from a larger sample size .
Finally , for the sake of ecological validity and in view of potential clinical applications , the adopted experimental paradigm could be expanded to include stimuli with strong emotional content [ 58 ] and organized in full sentences with richer semantic structure [ 60 ] .
Ideas to make you think ( offsite )
Links on algorithms ( offsite )
Recommended Reading ( offsite )
Homenodes with links to checkout ( Homenode Surfing )
Nodes others wrote ( Selected Best Nodes ) :
Nodes I wrote :
All , My reply was getting too long so I decided to turn this into a meditation .
What links have helped inspire you , teach you , and made you a better programmer ?
Please try to categorize the links as best you can ( I need to do some housekeeping myself ) .
Obama : ' Lipstick on a pig '
Amie Parnes reports from Lebanon , VA :
Obama poked fun of McCain and Palin 's new " change " mantra .
" You can put lipstick on a pig , " he said as the crowd cheered .
" It 's still a pig . "
" You can wrap an old fish in a piece of paper called change .
It 's still gonna stink . "
" We 've had enough of the same old thing . "
The crowd apparently took the " lipstick " line as a reference to Palin , who described the difference between a hockey mom and a pit bull in a single word : " lipstick . "
UPDATE : The McCain campaign is now saying Obama called Palin a pig , which he did n't .
The Obama campaign notes that " lipstick on a pig " is a fairly common idiom Obama often uses , as in a recent Washington Post interview .
McCain has also used the phrase .
Though on a day when Obama 's surrogates were joking that Palin 's record can't be concealed with lipstick , it was hard for those following the campaign not to hear the echo .
UPDATE : Obama aide Anita Dunn responds to the McCain campaign 's claim that Obama compared Palin to a pig :
Enough is enough .
The McCain campaign ’s attack tonight is a pathetic attempt to play the gender card about the use of a common analogy – the same analogy that Senator McCain himself used about Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton ’s health care plan just last year .
This phony lecture on gender sensitivity is the height of cynicism and lays bare the increasingly dishonorable campaign John McCain has chosen to run .
See Also
Preise fallen in Deutschland - Größtes Minus seit 2015
Die gesenkte Mehrwertsteuer und fallende Energiekosten haben die deutschen Verbraucherpreise im September so stark sinken lassen wie seit über fünfeinhalb Jahren nicht mehr .
The five - year conflict in Darfur has left 300,000 people dead
The UN's World Food Programme says it will halt food aid distribution in parts of Darfur unless the security situation improves .
" It has become too dangerous for our drivers to continue doing their jobs , " said WFP spokesman Rachid Jaafar .
He said that 43 drivers and 69 trucks were missing after being attacked by armed groups in the region this year .
More than two million people need food aid in Darfur after more than five years of fighting .
Over the weekend , rebels groups accused the government of launching a new offensive in North Darfur .
The UN food agency says that September is the " hunger - gap " , when food gathered in the previous year runs out and this year 's harvest is not yet ready .
WFP started cutting food rations in May , following a spate of attacks .
There are some 10,000 troops in Darfur under a joint UN - African Union peacekeeping mission .
Mr Jaafar says they sometimes provide extra security for food aid deliveries but they do not have the capacity to protect all the convoys .
The five - year conflict in Darfur has led to the deaths of more than 300,000 people and the displacement of two million others , according to UN estimates .
The violence began in 2003 when rebel groups complaining of discrimination against black Africans began attacking government targets .
Myth : Welfare can be replaced by charity .
Fact : Charity is too under - funded , too localized , too mismatched and too ill - suited to replace welfare .
Summary
Americans would have to make at least 10 times the donations they currently give to charity to fully replace government social spending .
And there is no reason to believe that people who so bitterly hate paying taxes would gladly surrender an equal amount to charity .
Arguments that charities can do the job better than government are naïve - most charities are small , highly localized and ill - suited to responding to national disasters or shifting economic trends .
About 90 percent of charity funds are both collected and spent locally , which means that rich communities tend to have well - funded charities , and poor communities tend to have poorly funded ones .
For this reason , only 10 percent of all charitable donations are directed to the poor .
Re-allocating charity donations to the communities that need them most will incur intense political opposition from the communities that fund them .
Argument
Many conservatives argue that if government welfare were eliminated , charity would take up the slack in helping the nation 's poor and needy .
In his book , The Tragedy of American Compassion , Marvin Olasky detailed many of the conservative arguments against government welfare and its damaging effects on charitable giving .
He argued that what the poor needed were not anonymous welfare checks that seduced and trapped them into dependency .
What they really needed was human contact : face - to - face consultations with charity workers who would take a personal interest in their plight and help them work through their problems .
Olasky argued that these charity workers would not always see an automatic cash handout as the best solution to the needy person 's problems .
Rather , " tough love " might be needed instead : getting over a drug addiction , finding motivation to work , getting a deadbeat dad to pay child support , etc .
Continuing this train of logic to its end , Olasky argued that churches were superior to government officials in dispensing moral advice ; indeed , he called conversion to Christianity " the key to poverty fighting . "
Olasky also articulated a second objection against welfare : that it drives away potential charitable donors who do not agree with the government 's value - free giving .
For example , many potential donors would like to give to the arts , but are already paying taxes that go to support objectionable art like the Mapplethorpe exhibit .
Or they would like their donations handled by charities they can trust to teach traditional family values and a proper work ethic .
Many conservatives would feel more inclined to give if they agreed with the philosophy of the charitable organization .
Before addressing these arguments , let 's briefly review several basic facts about charitable giving in the U.S .
Charity in the United States
In 1993 , Americans contributed $ 126 billion dollars to charity .
This averages out to $ 880 per contributing household , or 2.1 percent of contributing household income .
For all households , that works out to $ 646 per household , or about 1.7 percent of household income .
( 1 ) In general , the poor give a greater percentage of their income to charity than the rich .
Consider :
Household income and percent given to charity ( 1993 ) ( 2 ) Percent of income Income level given to charity --------------------------------------
Under $ 10,000 2.7 % $ 10,000 - 19,999 2.3 $ 20,000 - 29,999 2.7 $ 30,000 - 39,999 2.0 $ 40,000 - 49,999 1.3 $ 50,000 - 59,999 1.1 $ 60,000 - 74,999 2.3 $ 75,000 - 99,999 2.0 Over $ 100,000 ?
There are statistical difficulties in determining the percentage of charity donated by those in the richest group , because this group includes billionaires as well as those making " merely " $ 100,000 a year .
However , even if better research clarifies this question , we should remember that different income groups make different types of charitable contributions anyhow .
The rich tend to donate to " rich " charities ; the poor tend to donate to " poor " charities .
Charity experts have long known that donors give to charities with whom they identify and from whom they might reasonably expect something in return .
( Indeed , the Olasky argument above strongly suggests this . )
While the very poor tend to donate more to the Salvation Army , the very rich tend to donate more to the arts , humanities and sciences .
Because the rich still donate more in absolute dollars , this has caused a serious mismatch between donations and allocations .
Only about 10 percent of charitable contributions are specifically directed to the poor . ( 3 )
Furthermore , charities are highly localized .
Most are small neighborhood organizations that are tied to their immediate community by their charters , service missions , support bases , and relationships with trustees .
They reflect their neighborhood 's values , religious preferences , interests , problems and , above all , income .
As charity expert Julian Wolpert writes : " Most of the donations that charities raise go to support community churches and synagogues , Y's , museums , public radio and television , universities , and parochial schools -- the services that donors themselves use -- and these funds are largely unavailable for helping the neediest . "
( 4 ) For these reasons , almost 90 percent of all charity funds are both raised and spent locally .
( 5 ) But what this means is that communities with high incomes tend to enjoy well - funded charity programs ; those with low incomes tend to suffer poorly - funded ones .
This is exactly backwards from the way it should be .
It would be more logical to see well - funded organizations transfer their help to the communities that need it most , but their ties to the local community prevent them .
Even re-allocating funds within a community is difficult .
For example , if an epidemic breaks out in a local community , an educational charity cannot re-allocate its funds or resources to help out a health charity .
The situation is akin to a fire department being unable to help out the police department during a crime wave .
The following chart shows how the $ 126 billion in charitable donations was allocated in 1993 :
Allocation of charitable donations ( 1993 ) ( 6 ) Type of Percent of organization total collections
------------------------------------------
Church or religion 45.3 % Education 12.0 Human Service 10.0 Health 8.6 Unclassified 8.5 Arts , culture and humanities 7.6 Public / societal benefit 4.3 Environmental / wildlife 2.5 International 1.5
Most donations go to churches , but churches are an excellent example of the localized nature of charities .
And churches with even national charity campaigns hardly spend a substantial amount of their money on helping the poor .
Until recently , the Seventh - day Adventist church had one of the most enviable records of charity collections of any U.S. religious denomination .
Yet its department devoted to helping out the poor and needy -- the Dorcas Society -- received only a tiny fraction of the church 's donations .
Instead , the vast majority went to church administration , religious and educational facilities , and a remarkable world - wide missionary effort to convert other nationalities to their faith . ( 7 )
In a thorough review of charities in the United States , Wolpert summed up the problems of replacing welfare with charity this way :
Ben Franklin Effect Explanations >
Theories >
Ben Franklin Effect Description | Research | So What ? | See also | References Description
When we do a person a favor , we tend to like them more as a result .
This is because we justify our actions to ourselves that we did them a favor because we liked them .
Benjamin Franklin himself said , " He that has once done you a kindness will be more ready to do you another than he whom you yourself have obliged . "
The reverse effect is also true , and we come to hate our victims , which helps to explain wartime atrocities .
We de-humanize the enemy , which decrease the dissonance of killing and other things in which we would never normally indulge .
Research Jecker and Landy ( 1969 ) involved students in an intellectual contest where they could win significant money .
Afterwards : A : 1/3 were approached by the researcher and asked to return money as he had been using his own funds and was running short .
B : 1/3 were approached by a secretary and asked to return money as it was from the psychology department and funds were low .
C : 1/3 were not approached .
Then all were surveyed to see how much they liked the researcher .
Group B rated him lower than Group C ( so impersonal request for a favor decreases liking ) .
Group
A rated him higher than group C ( so personal request for a favor increases liking ) .
So what ?
Using it Ask people to do you a small favor .
Do n’t return it immediately .
Defending
When people ask you for favors , watch out for feeling better about them .
See also Cognitive Dissonance , Attribution Theory References Jecker and Landy ( 1969 ) |awa|
Neuroanthropology has found a highly amusing video clip from the satirical US comedy show The Colbert Report on the increasing use of psychiatric drugs in children , something he dubs ‘ psychopharmaparenting ’ .
Colbert riffs on 2006 article from The New York Times that reported a five - fold increase in children being prescribed antipsychotics .
These drugs are typically not prescribed because a child is experiencing psychosis ( for reasons that no - one is entirely sure of , children only rarely become psychotic ) but because of behavioural problems .
One antipsychotic drug ( risperidone ) has been approved in some countries for children with autism who are aggressive , self - injure or have severe tantrums , but the concern is that these sorts of drugs are being used more widely to simply pacify difficult to manage children .
Methylphenidate ( Ritalin ) is another drug which has caused similar concerns as parents and teachers pressure doctors to prescribe the drug even for what used to be considered relatively mild problems of inattention and hyperactivity .
The official line is that these drugs are the last resort , because behavioural interventions – specific programmes that teach parents to manage children ’s behaviour in a more effective way – are remarkably effective with a large evidence base to back them up .
Unfortunately , despite not meddling with the brain ’s dopamine system to who - knows what long - term effect , they ’re not as well - known , not always available and require effort and learning .
Any decision to give medication involves weighing up and advantages and disadvantages , but there is always an interplay between the influence of the scientific evidence , and what has become socially acceptable .
The fact Colbert is able joke about psychopharmaparenting is a sign of how widespread the practice has become .
Link to psychopharmaparenting clip .
( AOL Autos ) --
That navy blue sedan behind you with the flashing blue light on the dash is probably a cop -- but it could be a creep using police paraphernalia to get you to pull over .
How to tell the difference ?
And what should you do if you 're not sure ?
In the United States , almost all traffic enforcement work is done by police driving one of the following vehicles :
• Ford Crown Victoria sedan
• Chevy Impala sedan ( some departments also use the smaller Malibu and the Lumina sedans as well , though the majority in service today are Impalas )
• Chevy Tahoe SUV
• Dodge Charger
The problem is that these vehicles are also sold to civilians -- and it's pretty easy to dress one up so that it looks very much like an undercover police car .
In fact , there are police supply stores that will sell everything a dirtbag needs to make himself look like the real deal -- right down to the uniform and fake ID .
AOL Autos : Most popular sedans
Some departments also use unconventional cars for pursuit work .
For example , the Ford Mustang LX 5.0 was very popular in the 1980s for speed limit enforcement ; today , some departments use unmarked Camaro Z28s -- and even Corvettes -- for the same purpose .
AOL Autos : Chevy Corvette vs. Nissan GT - R vs. Porsche 911
This is pretty scary , since we 're all taught to obey the commands of law enforcement officers -- and when a police - looking car is trying to get us to pull over , every instinct tells us to comply .
Still , it 's important to use your head .
First , have you done something to deserve being pulled over ?
If you 've been driving within 5 - mph of the posted speed limit and have n't broken any traffic laws that you 're aware of , your guard should be up if all of a sudden there 's an unmarked car on your tail with its lights flashing -- especially if it 's out in the middle of nowhere and late at night .
While radar traps are a reality , most of the time , we get pulled over for a reason -- and we know perfectly well what it is .
So if you honestly have n't done anything wrong that you 're aware of -- and the " officer " just appeared out of nowhere -- you 're right to be suspicious -- particularly if you are female and traveling alone .
AOL Autos : Used luxury cars for less
Second , if the vehicle attempting to pull you over is not a clearly marked police cruiser -- or a car or truck that is n't routinely used for police work ( especially if it's an older / broken down - looking vehicle ) and your " creep radar " is telling you something 's just not right -- you should slow down ( to indicate you are not trying to get away , in case it is a real police officer ) , signal your intent to pull over -- but only do so when you can find a well - lit , public place with other people around , such as a shopping mall parking lot .
Or , you can pull over immediately -- but keep your doors locked and only crack the window enough to pass your driver 's license and registration through .
AOL Autos : Fast , fuel - efficient cars
Third , get a good look at the " officer " and his credentials .
If the " officer " is not in uniform , refuses to show you his badge -- or just flashes it briefly , so you can't get a good look -- keep that window rolled up and those doors locked tightly .
Ask once more to see his credentials .
If he wo n't let you , tell the " officer " that you 'd like for him to call another officer to the scene .
This is your right -- and while it may aggravate the officer if he is in fact the real deal , it could save your life if he 's not .
A real officer will understand your concern and have no problem with calling a fellow officer ( or supervisor ) to the scene .
There have been several case of women being abducted and raped by thugs impersonating police -- and most departments are very sensitive to people 's legitimate concerns on this score .
Fourth , if the " officer " starts acting oddly when you ask to see his ID -- threatening you , behaving in a non-professional manner , pounding on your door , etc. -- seriously consider putting the car in gear and getting out of there .
Tell the " officer " you are uncomfortable and that you will gladly follow him ( or be escorted to ) to the nearest police station .
If you have a cell phone , immediately dial 911 -- and tell the operator that you have been pulled over by someone who claims to be a police officer but that you think he might not be a real cop .
Tell the operator exactly where you are -- and stay on the line .
If it 's a real officer , you 'll know very soon .
If it 's not , the guy will almost certainly take off at this point .
( Caution :
Only take this step in a situation that clearly does n't feel right as you risk an " attempt to elude " charge if it is , indeed , a real police officer .
But again , better safe than sorry given the stakes . )
AOL Autos : Top 10 off - road SUVs
These precautions -- and some common sense -- should keep you from getting anything worse than another traffic ticket .
© 2009 AOL , LLC .
All Rights Reserved .
All About Police
This projects aims to collect compile time functions and templates that might be useful to anyone doing stuff at compile time .
It 's licensed under a BSD - style license , see LibraryLicense .
If you like some code for your own projects and have an incompatible license , please drop me a line !
News
The first version of the library is online now .
Implemented features of the library
Functions for converting floats , ints and strings into one another
Functions for basic parsing routines and enquoting for mixin programming .
A powerful compile - time demangler .
Despite printing your favourite identifiers it provides the following features :
You can access some variables by passing them as an alias instead of passing the name of it as a string , which is the common case for most meta programs .
You can find out , whether a given identifier is a function ( static ) or a method ( non-static ) , which was almost impossible before !
Just call meta .
Identifier.isFunction !( myfunc ) and meta .
Identifier.isMethod !( myfunc ) on your favourite functions .
.
Despite printing your favourite identifiers it provides the following features :
Missing features of the library
Some floating point functionality is missing .
Working on tuples is interesting for many people , so this will be important in the future .
Need Help
If you have other ideas what might be missing ( and how to do it in general , as this is not always obvious to me ) , just open a ticket and explain .
If you have code that might fit herein , write a PM and I 'll give you svn access .
German director Werner Herzog speaks at the San Francisco International Film Festival in San Francisco , California , April 26 , 2006 .
REUTERS / Kimberly
White
CANNES ( Hollywood Reporter ) - Directors Werner Herzog and David Lynch are teaming for “ My Son , My Son , ” a horror - tinged murder drama based on a true story .
Herzog and his longtime assistant director Herbert Golder co-wrote “ Son , ” loosely based on the true story of a San Diego man who acts out a Sophocles play in his mind and kills his mother with a sword .
The low - budget feature will flash back and forth from the murder scene to the disturbed man ’s story .
A guerrilla - style digital video shoot on location is tentatively set for March .
Lynch is executive producing the project .
Herzog is having a busy year .
He was set to film “ Son ” in the summer but postponed it to direct Nicolas Cage in a remake of Abel Ferrara ’s 1992 cop drama “ Bad Lieutenant ” starting in July .
In the fall , he will shoot the Victorian - era drama “ The Piano Tuner ” for Focus Features .
Reuters / Hollywood Reporter
God 's Media TV Training Series
Discover how to harness the power of the internet for preaching , promotion , and profits for the Kingdom of God !
Submit name and email for instant access !
Is Obama a Shill for the Ethanol Lobby ?
It may not be surprising that any politician from Illinois , the United States ’ second largest corn-producing state , supports ethanol , but in Senator Obama ’s case , this does come as a bit of a shock .
I do n’t like to inject EcoModder into political discussions very often , but when it comes down to our possible future president and his views on ethanol as a future fuel source , it ’s important that we all be informed .
The reason I say that I am a little shocked by Obama ’s support of ethanolÂ is that , however you feel about the man , you have to admit he is usually aware of the popular opinion held by those considered to be experts of whatever field .
Those experts , at least the ones concerned with the economy and the environment , tend to believe that corn - based ethanol production is n’t exactly a winner .
The main supporters of corn - based ethanol are , after all , farm lobbyists .
One just does n’t expect Obama , with his strong stances on lobbyists and special interests , to be one to buy into the mega - farm corn lobbying .
Here ’s what the NYT has to say on that count :
Mr. Obama is running as a reformer who is seeking to reduce the influence of special interests .
But like any other politician , he has powerful constituencies that help shape his views .
And when it comes to domestic ethanol , almost all of which is made from corn , he also has advisers and prominent supporters with close ties to the industry at a time when energy policy is a point of sharp contrast between the parties and their presidential candidates .
As far as policy is concerned , Obama ’s support for ethanol is based primarily on foreign policy and security concerns , not environmental ones .
Supporting ethanol , he believes , is a way to divest money and interest from foreign and often hostile powers .
With that money staying home not only will the US have greater energy independence , but will send less of its money abroad .
Senator McCain , on the other hand , is a staunch supporter of free trade and wants to end tariffs on foriegn ethanol as well as end subsidies to the US ethanol industry .
Sure , McCain ’s recent plan to secure $ 300 million for EV batteries does n’t exactly smack of free trade , but he certainly does n’t seem to believe in corn ethanol as a solution to the brewing energy crisis .
You ca n’t fault McCain for being inconsistent on ethanol , at least , because it seems he ’s opposed it since longer than most of us knew about it , dating back to his failed 2000 primary election bid .
So where does this leave voters , people interested in the environment , economics , and the future of transportation in the US ?
While I have no interest in telling you who to vote for , it ’s clear that even though McCain and Obama share the goal of energy independence and greenhouse gas reductions , they intend to go about it in very different ways .
It is , in my view , not very likely that either candidate will be changing their opinions anytime soon .
While Obama will continue to support government intervention and ethanol , and McCain the opposite , it is also true that either individual , as President , will need to make compromises on their positions in order to create effective policy .
It is here that all citizens , regardless of political affiliation , have the ability to influence the policy makers .
My advice : vote for who you like and support the views you find important , because it does n’t have to end at the ballot box .
If you liked this post , sign up for out RSS Feed for automatic updates .
Image : Joe Crimmings
Popularity : 2 % [ ? ]
Earth 's north magnetic pole is shifting and weakening .
Ancient lava flows are guiding a better understanding of what generates and controls the Earth 's magnetic field – and what may drive it to occasionally reverse direction .
The main magnetic field , generated by turbulent currents within the deep mass of molten iron of the Earth 's outer core , periodically flips its direction , such that a compass needle would point south rather than north .
Such polarity reversals have occurred hundreds of times at irregular intervals throughout the planet 's history – most recently about 780,000 years ago – but scientists are still trying to understand how and why .
A new study of ancient volcanic rocks , reported in the Sept. 26 issue of the journal Science , shows that a second magnetic field source may help determine how and whether the main field reverses direction .
This second field , which may originate in the shallow core just below the rocky mantle layer of the Earth , becomes important when the main north - south field weakens , as it does prior to reversing , says Brad Singer , a geology professor at the University of Wisconsin - Madison .
Singer teamed up with paleomagnetist Kenneth Hoffman , who has been researching field reversals for over 30 years , to analyze ancient lava flows from Tahiti and western Germany in order to study past patterns of the Earth 's magnetic field .
The magnetism of iron - rich minerals in molten lava orients along the prevailing field , then becomes locked into place as the lava cools and hardens .
" When the lava flows erupt and cool in the Earth 's magnetic field , they acquire a memory of the magnetic field at that time , " says Singer .
" It 's very difficult to destroy that in a lava flow once it 's formed .
You then have a recording of what the paleofield direction was like on Earth . "
Hoffman , of both California Polytechnic State University at San Luis Obispo and UW - Madison , and Singer are focusing on rocks that contain evidence of times that the main north - south field has weakened , which is one sign that the polarity may flip direction .
By carefully determining the ages of these lava flows , they have mapped out the shallow core field during multiple " reversal attempts " when the main field has weakened during the past million years .
During those periods of time , weakening of the main field reveals " virtual poles , " regions of strong magnetism within the shallow core field .
For example , Singer says , " If you were on Tahiti when those eruptions were taking place , your compass needle would point to not the North Pole , not the South Pole , but Australia . "
The scientists believe the shallow core field may play a role in determining whether the main field polarity flips while weakened or whether it recovers its strength without reversing .
" Mapping this field during transitional states may hold the key to understanding what happens in Earth 's core when the field weakens to a point where it can actually reverse , " Hoffman says .
Current evidence suggests we are now approaching one of these transitional states because the main magnetic field is relatively weak and rapidly decreasing , he says .
While the last polarity reversal occurred several hundred thousand years ago , the next might come within only a few thousand years .
" Right now , historic records show that the strength of the magnetic field is declining very rapidly .
From a quick back - of - the - envelope prediction , in 1,500 years the field will be as weak as it's ever been and we could go into a state of polarity reversal , " says Singer .
" One broad goal of our research is to provide some predictive capability for what could happen and what could be the signs of the next reversal . "
Hoffman and Singer 's research has been supported largely by grants from the National Science Foundation .
A very serious flaw in the Internet 's DNS servers may have been ripe for a significant exploit , though a familiar security researcher might have sounded the alarm just in time .
Now , Microsoft and Linux vendors are responding urgently .
In what appears to be a coordinated effort to fix a well known , though still potentially critical vulnerability to the Domain Name System ( DNS ) protocol , patches are being deployed today for both Windows and Linux , by both Microsoft and Debian , respectively .
These patches would enable a long suggested protocol for validating the source of DNS requests .
The move was apparently motivated by a discovery from security researcher Dan Kaminsky , a penetration testing specialist with IOActive , whose warnings in the past have been known to successfully avert major disasters .
This afternoon , the US Department of Homeland Security credited Kaminsky with the discovery .
This time the subject is one that Kaminsky has discussed in white - hat security briefings since at least 2003 :
It 's called DNS cache poisoning , and it's a sophisticated form of malicious crafting that can result in traffic being routed to the malicious user 's choice of addresses .
Advertisement
The real vulnerability is not in Windows or Linux but in BIND , the most widely deployed DNS software everywhere .
A security feature in BIND creates a transaction ID for communications between an IP host and a DNS server .
Supposedly , that transaction ID is supposed to be randomized using a 15 - bit binary number .
But the way it 's typically deployed , each limitation or option added to the system reduces the number of bits in that random number by one each time , and reduces the number of guesses a malicious script requires to guess the transaction ID by a power of two .
With that accomplished , a malicious user may be able to effectively " poison " the cache of DNS routers with table entries based on appropriately matching transaction IDs , but which point to improper IP addresses .
Apparently , Kaminsky discovered ways in which a certain arrangement of settings could make that transaction ID relatively predictable with a few rolls of the dice .
So this morning , Debian issued a trio of security bulletins , one of which advises administrators , as a workaround , to install local BIND 9 query resolvers that implement source port randomization .
This gives the malicious crafter a second set of attributes whose value would have to be guessed , and both random elements combined could augment each other 's power exponentially .
It is not an easy or an automatic fix for admins to implement , as this morning 's security bulletin makes clear .
Microsoft , meanwhile , made good use of this Patch Tuesday to deploy its own workaround package for various builds and configurations of Windows Server dating back to Windows 2000 Service Pack 4 ( see this bulletin for a complete list ) , and Windows XP Professional -- not Windows Vista .
It , too , is not automatic -- previous DNS - related patches may have to be manually uninstalled first , in a particular order .
What the new Microsoft workaround will do is implement a greater number of potential sockets for its own implementation of source port randomization , which will substitute for the usual default port number 53 .
Since Windows Server 2003 , the number of available sockets has been limited to 2500 , falling somewhere between port 49152 and 65535 .
This number of sockets can be reset using a System Registry setting listed in this KnowledgeBase article .
Once this value is reset and the package installed , randomization can take place starting at port 1024 , and extending for however long the new registry setting allows .
" Because attacks against these vulnerabilities all rely on an attacker 's ability to predictably spoof traffic , " the DHS ' US - CERT division reports today , " the implementation of per-query source port randomization in the server presents a practical mitigation against these attacks within the boundaries of the current protocol specification .
Randomized source ports can be used to gain approximately 16 additional bits of randomness in the data that an attacker must guess . "
This may not be the final workaround for this potentially serious problem , as today 's round of suggestions and patches are in response to temporary measures that are being implemented in BIND .
A later patch may involve an improvement to how it generates the address of the stub resolver -- the component in the DNS system which forwards queries to the appropriate server , waits for the response , and then passes that response back .
Debian 's security advisory today notes no such patch for the stub resolver -- a basic GNU library component -- has been made available , though further advisories should be expected for when it is .
e- Paper
Sie suchen das e-Paper , die digitale Zeitung ?
Service
Sie ziehen um , fahren in den Urlaub oder haben Fragen zu Ihrem Abo ?
Anzeigen
Sie wollen eine private Kleinanzeige aufgeben ?
Nutzen Sie unsere Online - Anzeigeannahme .
" This is not 1968 and the invasion of Czechoslovakia , where Russia can threaten its neighbours , occupy a capital , overthrow a government , and get away with it .
Things have changed , " US secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said ahead of her trip to Georgia .
She is not the only politician to have drawn that comparison .
In an exclusive interview for Czech Radio on Thursday President Klaus publicly rejected it , saying that both sides were equally to blame in the conflict over South Ossetia .
Condoleezza Rice and Michail Saakasvili , photo : CTK
Once again a burning foreign policy issue has split the Czech political scene down the middle .
While the Czech Foreign Ministry released a statement fully supporting Georgia ’s territorial integrity and sovereignty and indirectly blaming Russia for causing the crisis , the Speaker of the Lower House Miloslav Vlček lays the blame at the door of Georgian President Michail Saakasvili and , indirectly those countries which acknowledged the independence of another breakaway province – Kosovo – earlier this year , setting what he calls a dangerous precedent .
After several days of silence , during which he was criticized for not taking a stand , President Klaus made his views clear in an interview for Czech Radio :
“ Once again people are closing their eyes to the reality – and creating myths .
I did not make a strong statement because I refuse to accept this widespread , simplified interpretation which paints the Georgians as the victims and the Russians as the villains .
That is a gross oversimplification of the situation and I would have to write a lengthy article to explain why I do not share this view ”
Václav Klaus
Mr. Klaus said further that in 1968 Czechoslovakia did not attack Subcarpathian Ruthenia and in his view the pro-reform Czechoslovak leader Alexander Dubček did not resemble President Saakashvili in word or deed .
The Czech head of state who strongly advised caution over the matter of acknowledging Kosovo ’s independence said that the situation in Georgia had been crucially influenced by the separation of Kosovo from Serbia in February of this year , and that with the separation of Kosovo , Russia had obtained a strong justification for its action .
He said he did not share the view of Poland , Ukraine and the Baltic states that Georgia should be given entry to NATO to prevent further attacks from Russia .
Mr. Klaus indicated that this would only further aggravate an already complicated situation .
Photo : CTK
The fact that the country ’s leading politicians have once again taken opposing stands on a key foreign policy issue has commentators asking how this could effect the Czech Republics upcoming EU presidency .
Political analyst Jiri
Pehe says something needs to be done for a better coordination of the country ’s foreign policy .
“ This is a long - term problem in the country ’s foreign policy and unfortunately it does not come as a surprise .
Czech foreign policy suffers from a lack of coordination especially in times of big international crisis when different politicians and institutions in the country speak with different voices .
We can , of course , argue about which stance is correct in this particular situation , but at the same time I think that the Czech Republic should have a mechanism which would allow it to reach a unified stance on crises such as this one . ”
What kind of mechanism do you have in mind ?
“ I think that the prime minister , the president and the speakers of both houses should meet before any official statement is issued and perhaps that would help to modify some of the extreme positions that the Czech Republic may take . ”
Fepic
Ale was first brewed by a gnomish bard with a penchant for alcohol and pranks .
His intent was to brew an unassuming alcohol that would reduce the stoutest of men into gibbering idiots .
He used it to great effect in performances , daring anyone in his audience to take a pint and remain standing .
If nobody took the dare , he would bring out his lovely assistant , who would offer to spend the evening with anyone who could take the pint and still talk intelligibly .
Some took the dare , but many jumped at the opportunity to prove themselves to the lovely assistant .
For many years , nobody beat the drink .
However , one day the bard was introducing his new , beautiful and youthful -- but legal -- assistant to the crowd .
Every man in town wanted to try for the young lady .
The bard , making eight silver on every pint -- and more than a little greedy -- modified the wager .
If , after two pints , the man was still standing , he would be allowed to spend the whole night with the assistant .
Well , if you flip a coin enough times , it will eventually stop on its edge .
Out of the hundred men who drank Fepic
Ale that night , twelve died , eight - seven passed out -- and one bear of a man remained standing .
True to his word , the bard left his assistant in the hands of the man , who enjoyed himself to no end that night .
Meanwhile , the bard , being responsible for the poisoning death of twelve men , fled town .
The next day , the assistant , sore in many ways , but mostly sore at the bard , was arrested by the town 's sherrif .
In exchange for her freedom , she offered to lead a group of deputies to the bard who concocted Fepic Ale .
They traveled for several days , and eventually caught up with the bard .
The young woman was bound to a tree while the deputies confronted the bard .
The bard resisted , and was killed in the struggle .
The deputies freed the young woman before returning to their own town , leaving her all of the bard 's posessions , sans one piece of parchment that had a recipe for an ale on it , which they had burned on the spot .
While she said nothing at the time , the young woman recognized that what they burned was n't the recipe for Fepic
Ale , but for a milder drink the bard had picked up in another town .
After searching her new posessions , she discovered the true recipe , hidden in a pouch in the dead bard 's clothing .
While the deputies swear they killed the bard and destroyed the recipe , there are occasional rumors of a performer daring and teasing audiences with Fepic
Ale in towns small and large alike .
FEPIC ALE : Alcoholic beverege .
Fort save DC 25 or be intoxicated .
Fort save DC 16 or take 2d4 INT and 2d4 WIS damage .
The U.S. military is using spy satellites to snoop on its allies in the Iraqi army .
The satellites are " imaging military installations that the Iraqi army occupies , " a former U.S. military official tells the Los Angeles Times .
" They 're imaging training areas that the Iraqi army utilizes .
They 're imaging roads that Iraqi armored vehicles and large convoys transit . "
A source with American forces in Iraq just confirmed the story to Danger Room .
According to the paper , " the stepped - up surveillance reflects breakdowns in trust and coordination between the two forces .
Officials said it was part of an expanded intelligence effort launched after American commanders were surprised by the timing of the Iraqi army 's violent push into Basra three months ago . "
And that " puts the United States in the unusual position of employing some of its most sophisticated espionage technology to track an allied army that American forces helped create , continue to advise , and often fight alongside . "
Our source says U.S. sats have been watching over Iraqi forces for quite some time .
" Of course we want to know what the Iraqis are up to , and using imagery to get details on things like troop movements is not new , " he tells Danger Room .
And since this snooping has been going on for a while , he disagrees with the * Times ' * assessment , that this represents some new fissure between Iraqi and American troops .
Iraqi army " movements down to the Brigade and sometimes Bn [ Battalion ] level are briefed everyday to GOs [ General Officers ] , " he notes .
It is freely provided by our Iraqi counterparts .
Sometimes . "
Because the Iraqi information does n't move at the speed that ours does , we 'll get orders a little late , but usually that 's when an operation is finishing up , not beginning .
Feedback from the field can be a little slow – when did such and such arrive n Basra , for instance .
In that case we might use imagery .
It has nothing to do with [ Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al - ]
Maliki or some sort of widening gulf between CF [ Coalition Forces ] and ISF [ Iraqi Security Forces ] .
It 's just speed of information , and GO expectations of instant feedback .
I 'm not sure that speaks to a U.S - Iraqi relationship that 's packed with confidence and trust , but ... OK .
Why use satellites , then , instead of surveillance drones ?
From low earth orbit , the satellites " can be tasked to cover any part of the country on short notice .
A UAV [ unmanned aerial vehicle ] does not have that degree of tasking responsiveness , " says GlobalSecurity.org director John Pike .
U.S. intelligence officials assured the Times " that the satellites are not being diverted from other high - priority assignments – including tracking terrorist and insurgent activity – but are capturing additional images as part of routine sweeps . "
That sounds a little off , to Theresa Hitchens , with the Center for Defense Information .
She asks , * " If you are now spending more time looking at the Iraqi forces , does n't that ipso facto * mean you are spending fewer resources looking for and at the bad guys – both in terms of imagery gathered and in terms of time spent interpreting it ? "
ALSO :
March 2015 Better Pictures Nikon Canon Fuji LEICA
All Reviews
Introduction
Ultrawide lenses are the most difficult lenses to use well .
Ultrawides are not for " getting it all in . "
Ultrawides are for getting yourself , and therefore the viewer , right smack into the middle of something .
Ultrawides are for putting next to the muzzle of Dirty Harry 's revolver to put it in your face .
If you can't or wo n't get close , leave the ultrawide at home .
Ultrawides rub the viewer 's nose in your subject .
Properly used , ultrawides grab your viewer and yank him into the middle of your situation .
Ultrawide lenses are for getting close and bringing the viewer into the photo , not for fitting a subject into a photo .
Ultrawides are not for the faint of heart .
For newsmen , ultrawides are for jamming into the face of a enraged drunk brandishing a broken bottle to exaggerate his crazed anger and crude weapon .
Most people use ultrawides too sheepishly , and get crummy results with tiny subjects dwarfed in the middle of an open frame .
When I use my 14 mm I constantly have to force myself to get closer and pay rapt attention to the sides of my viewfinder , which are too often blank or loaded with junk .
Ultrawides require you to get very close and personal to anything you are shooting .
Even a fraction of an inch ( or cm ) will make a huge difference in your composition , so you need to be very deliberate with your movement .
If you use them properly , you 'll be rewarded with dynamic images .
I 've discovered that regardless of how many lenses I use , and however many photos I make on a trip , the ones I ultimately love the most are always the ones made with the widest lens I brought .
My 17 - 35 mm zoom always seems to be shot at 17 mm , my 16 - 35 mm always at 16 mm , and my 14 - 24 mm always seems to be at the 14 mm stop .
Your taste will vary , but this is how I see the world .
How Wide is Wide
All this becomes more important as your ultrawide gets wider .
For 24 mm lenses , you can ignore all of this .
For 20 mm lenses you ought to pay at least a little attention .
For 17 mm lenses you 'll need most of this , and with 14 mm lenses you need to know all this , otherwise the only good photos you 'll probably get will be from dumb luck .
Everything here applies to all lenses , however normal and tele lenses do n't exhibit the crazy properties I 'll be describing .
The wider you get , the crazier things become and the more attentive you need to be .
28 mm and 24 mm lenses are still pretty normal as wide lenses go .
If 24 mm ( 16 mm on DX and 1.6x ) is your widest lens , you wo n't see or need much of what I 'll discuss here .
When you get to 20 mm lenses ( 12 mm on DX and 1.6x ) , things start to get a little weird .
At 18 mm and 17 mm things are getting very weird , and by 15 mm , 14 mm and 13 mm things are totally out of control .
This is why some of us love ultrawide lenses , however you have to understand and be able to make productive use of the weirdnesses of ultrawide lenses .
You have to shoot full - frame or FX to get the equivalent of 14 mm ; there are no lenses that wide for the little formats .
What is an Ultrawide
This article applies to all lenses , but here are today 's definitions while I 'm at it .
FX and 35 mm Film 6x7 4x5 Ultra-Ultra Wide 11 - 16 mm 25-30 mm 47-58 mm Ultra Wide 17-21 mm 30 -45 mm 65-75 mm Wide 24-35 mm 50-75 mm 90-120 mm Normal 40 - 58 mm 80-100 mm 135-210mm
There are few , if any , ultra- ultra wide lenses available for smaller format ( 1.6x , DX and 1.3 x ) digital cameras .
Ultra -Ultra wide lenses are for pros and nuts , and the smaller format cameras are for normal people .
I put these figures on the chart , but only time will tell if real ultra-ultra wide lenses ever get built for the smaller formats .
Any links are to lenses which cover some of the nuttier focal lengths listed .
When I refer to a 14 mm lens in this article , I 'm referring to that lens as used on FX .
You 'd need a nonexistent 9 mm lens on a DX or 1.6 x camera to get the same effect .
Distortion
Ultrawides are not fisheyes .
Fisheyes distort and curve everything .
Ultrawides keep straight lines straight .
Ultrawides do n't distort technically , but they distort artistically .
This is why we use them .
Ultrawides exaggerate the relationship between near and far .
Ultrawides stretch out objects on the sides and the corners .
Ultrawides exaggerate any slight misalignment of your subject and camera .
They do all this while keeping straight lines straight .
This is why we love them !
We exploit these distortions to our advantage .
Getting it all in
Most beginners , myself included for 15 years , think wide - angle lenses are for " getting it all in . "
They think that the wider the lens ( or stitched panorama ) , the more encompassing , impressive , huge and all - enveloping will be the result .
Union 76 , Baker , California .
January 2008 .
D3 FX , 14 - 24 mm at 14 mm .
Boring .
I do n't have any really bad examples of " getting it all in " shots , so this one , made in good light , will have to suffice .
Beginners know that wider lenses get more in , and so the pictures must be better .
They know that 14 mm lenses are expensive because pro organizations like ASMP mandate camera companies to charge more so that only pros can afford them and get the " good pictures . "
As a kid , I first got a 35 mm wide angle , than a 25 mm Lentar wide - angle , then a 24 mm Minolta Rokkor - X wide angle , a 17 mm Tokina in 1984 and then my ultimate , the 15 mm Nikkor back in 1992 .
Oddly , my pictures sucked .
Why is that ?
All that most people get with ultrawide lenses are parking lots in the bottom half of their image , and nothing anywhere except for the center .
Worse , ultra - wides see all the distracting junk on the side of your subject and weaken the shot .
The shot above is made in the middle of the Mojave Desert , so there is n't anything on the sides .
I got lucky .
The Easy Way
The best photos most users get with ultrawides are made inside large spaces , like Grand Central Station or stately homes .
These highly - detailed spaces usually make for fun photos regardless of where you put or point the camera .
Servants ' Entrance , Typical Home , Dubai .
Nikon D3 , Nikon Ai Nikkor 13 mm f/5.6s .
These photos are fine , but let 's learn how to get great photos everywhere .
Scale
Painters understand scale , but few photographers do .
Scale means paying attention to the size at which an image will be printed as you 're creating it .
Images have entirely different meanings when printed at different sizes .
A photo of a mouse printed at 4x6 " ( 10x15 cm ) is normal .
The same photo printed at 20x30 " ( 50x75 cm ) is kind of weird .
Why would someone make a print of a tiny mouse so big ?
The reason photos of the Grand Canyon usually lack the " you are there " feeling is because they are only printed a few feet wide at most .
A 40x60 " ( 1x1.5 m ) print is a big print , but still does n't do the Grand Canyon justice .
Show the Grand Canyon as an IMAX movie as shot from a moving helicopter , and the audience feels it .
Panoramic stitching is making things worse today because anyone , even with most Canon point - and - shoots which come with free software , can make an image with nothing in it .
In the old days , you had to buy a $ 2,000 lens .
Let 's face it : when you print that panorama at the same size as a normal image , does n't it seem to lack the " you are there " feeling you used to get before easy panoramas ?
Big things need to be printed bigger .
If you want to " get it all in , " you 'd better be prepared to print huge .
If you are n't going to print huge , the only thing an exotic wide lens or panorama does is make the things in your picture too darn small .
Even if you print 20 feet ( 6 m ) tall with ultrawide shots , you 're still a long way away from making good images .
Scale is only one of many basic elements of creating an image .
Composition : Impact in Normal - Sized Images
What makes a great image does n't change with what lens you use .
What changes with an ultra - wide lens is how much more difficult it is to get your subject framed the way you want it .
Someplace in Las Vegas .
Nikon D3 , 14 - 24 mm at 14 mm , f/2.8 at 1/15 , Auto ISO chose ISO 560 .
Most people would be perfectly happy with this shot , but look at the sides .
Nothing .
This shot really only has anything going on in the central square portion of the frame .
I was n't close enough .
I walked into this place , said " wow , " and popped off a few without thinking .
I put the bottom of a column in the lower right , but I did n't get it to the bottom of my frame .
I wasted the bottom inch on the right , and the entire left side is almost all devoid of anything meaningful .
Who are the people in the lower left ?
Just like everything in life , if something is n't adding to the composition , it 's taking away .
The water thing was only 10 feet away , but it may as well have been a mile .
Print this shot 20 feet tall and it will be impressive , but how can we make it stronger in the sizes we really use ?
Get Close !
The hardest part with ultra - wides is getting close enough .
You can never get too close !
You have to push yourself to get and stay close enough .
Vegas , a few feet closer .
Nikon D3 , 14 - 24 mm at 14 mm , f/4 at 1/15 , Auto ISO chose ISO 450 .
For this shot , I was leaning over the edge of the fountain to get close enough to the astronomical device to use it as a compositional element .
Of course this is all hand - held : a tripod would have gotten in the way , not worked well in the fountain , not allowed me the precision I needed in positioning the camera , and would have gotten me thrown out .
Tripods are n't needed for digital .
Not that this is a great shot , since the elements on each side are each fighting to pull your eyes out of the frame in opposite directions , but these snaps show how I have to approach every scene with an ultrawide .
Watch your edges and make sure your subject fills the frame .
I 'm always amazed at just how much wasted space happens at the edge of my images unless I work at paying attention to the sides of my finder with a 14 mm lens .
If I get lazy , all I get is a smaller subject in the middle with loads of space between it and the frame edges .
I wind up cropping , which just eliminated the whole point of using an ultrawide lens .
Position
With longer lenses , the direction in which you point the camera is the most critical element .
With ultrawides , camera position is more critical .
Even a fraction of an inch makes a huge difference in composition .
I 'm very serious : as I hand - hold my camera inches away from something , my breathing changes my composition .
I have to be careful and shoot at just the right time .
In the shot above , I 'm only inches away from the naked lady .
Forget tripods , unless you 're using a macro positioning rail .
Those rails only adjust in two directions , not all three , so you 'll need a tripod with a geared - rise .
Position has to be within fractions of an inch .
I can't place a tripod that precisely .
Ultrawides are n't like wide , normal and tele lenses where an inch or two makes no difference .
Used up close , a half - inch can make or break a photo with an ultra-ultra wide .
Watch your edges
I do n't look at the center of my image when composing .
I have to keep looking at the edges to make sure things are close enough .
When fine - tuning balance , I look away and compose out of the corner of my eye .
It sounds silly , but this is important in abstracting your composition away from reality so you can see the basic structure of the image and make it strong .
Lines
Ultrawide shots are all about lines .
Personally , if there are lines to be had , I seem to like having one leading in from the lower left corner .
I prefer to have the lines enter from the corner itself , not one of the sides .
This is just me .
Even I 'm surprised at how I consistently see the world this way .
Somewhere in Las Vegas , Nevada , 29 January 2008 .
Nikon D3 , 14 - 24 mm at 14 mm , f/2.8 at 1/30 , hand - held , Auto ISO chose ISO 200 .
Bodie , California , 19 October 2007 .
Canon 5D , 16 - 35 mm f/2.8 L II with Tiffen 812 warming filter at 16 mm , f/11 @ 1 second ( Av mode ) , hand - held ( no stinking tripod ! ) , no exposure compensation , ISO 100 ( tech details ) .
Exactly as shot in JPG .
Chemical Plant , Amboy , California , 27 January 2007 .
Canon 5D , 14 mm f/2.8L , f/11 @ 1/25 , ISO 50 , hand - held .
( tech details . )
Eastern Sierra , California , 19 October 2007 .
Canon 5D , 16 - 35 mm f/2.8 L II with Tiffen 812 warming filter at 23 mm , f/16 @ 1/100 ( Av mode ) , no exposure compensation , ISO 100 , hand - held ( tech details ) .
Exactly as shot in JPG .
Inclusion and Exclusion
Painting is an art of inclusion , meaning that something only gets into the painting if the painter paints it that way .
You can always tell a sloppy painter who 's done watercolors from a photo because of all the needless junk .
If you see telephone poles , crooked horizons and cars stopped in the middle of the street , it 's obvious a painting was made from a snapshot .
Photography is an art of exclusion , meaning that everything gets into your photo unless you go out of your way to exclude it .
You must always watch for distractions .
This takes experience , since by human nature we do n't see these distractions until we get our pictures back .
Most people point a camera directly at a subject and shoot .
It takes training to look all over to ensure an image only includes what contributes to making it stronger .
Ultrawides get everything in , whether we want them to or not .
This is another reason they are so difficult to use well .
Unlike more reasonable lenses , ultrawides have such huge depths - of - field that everything is in focus , even the unwanted junk up and down , left and right .
When shooting ultrawide , watch your corners to fill the frame with what you want , and be sure that there is n't any distracting junk .
Near - Far Relationships
Long lenses compress perspective : they seem to squeeze everything into looking like it's in the same plane .
Ultrawides do the opposite : they expand the apparent depth of an image .
Shots made with ultrawides push back the background , and since you have to get close , pull near objects even closer .
Ultrawide lenses exaggerate the difference between near and far .
This is one of the main reasons we love them !
The shot below is made with a 37 mm wide lens .
Roll your mouse over to see the same shot made with a 14 mm ultra - ultra wide lens from a closer distance .
See how everything becomes more exaggerated ?
This is the reason we use ultrawide lenses ; it 's not about getting it all in .
Old Truck , Amboy , California .
( roll mouse over to compare at 14 mm )
Canon 5D , 14 mm f/2.8L , f/13 @ 1/40 , ISO 50 , hand - held ( tech details ) .
See how the windshield appears twice as far away in the 14 mm shot , but that the tip of the hood is now twice as close ?
I quadrupled the apparent depth by going from 37 mm to 14 mm and getting so close that I was almost under the hood .
See how the door at the upper left and hood at the upper right just fit the frame in the 14 mm shot ?
It took me quite a bit of gymnastics to get the camera in the right position , and it 's critical to the image .
See how the lit portion of the front just makes it to the bottom of the frame and cuts off before the frame edge ?
This is also a premeditated part of my composition .
There 's no way to do this in Photoshop or hack it in raw ; you have to do this as you shoot .
You do this by looking through the finder and carefully moving the camera .
When making the 14 mm shot I had to try a bunch of times because I kept moving slightly as I slipped into the mud .
Expanding Space
Exaggerating depth means that exteriors and interiors seem more spacious .
A normal lens will just show a section of one wall of a room , while an ultrawide can show two , and often three , walls at once .
The ultra - wide shot pushes the back wall back and makes a room look many times deeper than it is .
An ultrawide will make a small back yard seem like a park .
This effect is so powerful that you have to be careful .
When I posted an online ad to rent out my old condo , I had people calling from all over the USA thinking it was such a deal because it looked cavernous .
I had to explain this effect to them , but they did n't believe me and I people were calling from as far away as Pittsburgh trying to leave deposits , sight unseen .
If you shoot real estate listings for a living , an ultrawide lens pays for itself fast .
Sucked - out Corners
The corners of ultra - wide shots look as if someone printed the image on a rubber sheet and pulled - out the sides and corners .
If photographing people , beware that they 'll look fat on the sides if standing ( like the example of me below ) , or skinny if they 're lying down , since the sucking stretches things towards the edges and especially the corners .
Alignment
Ultrawides exaggerate any misalignment between film plane and subject plane .
Use this to your advantage .
Potty Room .
Nikon D3 , Nikon Ai Nikkor 13 mm f/5.6s .
This snap looks pretty crazy , but the camera was pointed down only slightly .
Even this slight tilt has forced all the lines to converge in crazy ways .
If the camera is level , the results are boring :
Potty Room ceiling .
Nikon D3 held level , Nikon Ai Nikkor 13 mm f/5.6s .
Use this to your advantage : tilt up to look at buildings , and control the angles by how and where you tilt the lens .
You can't do this with teles , so pay attention with ultrawides .
Polarizing Filters
Do n't do it !
The sky changes its polarization as you look from left to right .
The sky has its largest amount of polarization , and thus polarizing filters have their greatest effect , at 90 degree angles from the sun .
Used on normal and tele lenses , POL filters have more or less effect depending on where you point them .
Used on lenses that can see a broad expanses of sky , a POL will render the more polarized areas much darker than the other areas .
This causes nasty dark bands in the sky , and is why I never use a polarizer with an ultrawide lens .
Synthetic Methods
There are many ways to fake an ultrawide lens electronically .
You can shoot stitched panoramas or stretch - out fisheye shots .
These give the same results technically , but there is a huge catch : you can't see what you 're doing as you compose .
As you 've learned , position , relationships , framing and composition are critical to making or breaking an ultrawide shot .
You need instant feedback as you 're positioning your camera in order to create a powerful image .
If you use a fisheye , you do n't know what 's going to be included after the image is cropped by whatever software is doing the rectification .
If you 're hard - core , you could mask off a finder screen for shooting with a fisheye you intend to convert to rectilinear later , but you still can't see the crucial fundamentals of balance , line , and size relationships , since the fisheye lens alters these .
I 'll admit that my Death Valley shot at the top of the page was shot with a fisheye , but I composed it knowing my final intent was doing a rectilinear conversion , and there were no complex relationship or compositional issues involved .
I also got lucky .
Give up trying to predict what a final result will look like with stitching .
Even after getting great single results like at Death Valley with a $ 600 fisheye on a Canon 5D and a few hundred dollars in software , I still prefer to use real ultrawide lenses so I can see what I 'm doing .
Recommended Lenses
Fisheye lenses corrected with software
I dislike this way because it's too hard to guess composition , but it is the least expensive .
The best setup is the Canon 5D and 15 mm fisheye , which is far sharper than the Nikon D3 and Nikon 16 mm fisheye .
You 're going to need all the sharpness you can get in the corners when you stretch it out .
For Nikon DX
On Nikon , get the Tokina 11 - 16 mm II .
It works great and costs less then the genuine Nikon lenses .
Personally , I use the Nikon 10 - 24 mm for its broad zoom range .
The older Nikon 12 - 24 mm lens does n't go as wide , but it is built better .
For Canon APS -C
For Canon , get the 10 - 18 mm EF-s .
Not only is it the least expensive ultrawide , it 's also the sharpest !
For Nikon FX
Get the Nikon 16 - 35 mm , which is Nikon 's sharpest ultrawide ever .
THe Nikon 14 - 24 mm is 95 % as sharp and goeas wider , but is a huge special purpose lens
The Nikon 14 mm f/2.8 is also great , but not as sharp .
See also Nikon Ultra -Ultrawides compared and Nikon Ultrawide Zooms Compared .
For Canon Full - Frame
Canon 's newest 16 - 35 mm f/4 IS L is by far the sharpest full - frame ultrawide ever made by Canon ,
I 've also used the original 14 mm L , some of whose results I 've shown above .
The newer 14 mm L II is sharper in the corners if you can't shoot at smaller apertures as I do .
Neither can use front filters .
See Canon Ultrawides Compared and Canon Ultrawide Sharpness Comparison .
For Film
Of course you can use 35 mm cameras with the above full - frame lenses , but real film shooters use larger formats .
My favorite hand - held camera is the Mamiya 7 with the spectacular 43 mm lens , although the goofy viewfinder setup requires me to move the camera into the same position as the finder before exposure for precise composition
The best results of all of these technically are a 4x5 " camera , on which I use a Schneider 75 mm f/5.6 Super - Angulon lens from the 1960s .
Another camera is the Horseman SW612 with Schneider 47 mm XL .
Help me help you top
I support my growing family through this website , as crazy as it might seem .
The biggest help is when you use any of these links to approved sources when you get anything , regardless of the country in which you live .
It costs you nothing , and is this site 's , and thus my family 's , biggest source of support .
These places have the best prices and service , which is why I 've used them since before this website existed .
I recommend them all personally .
If you find this page as helpful as a book you might have had to buy or a workshop you may have had to take , feel free to help me continue helping everyone .
If you 've gotten your gear through one of my links or helped otherwise , you 're family .
It 's great people like you who allow me to keep adding to this site full - time .
Thanks !
If you have n't helped yet , please do , and consider helping me with a gift of $ 5.00 .
As this page is copyrighted and formally registered , it is unlawful to make copies , especially in the form of printouts for personal use .
If you wish to make a printout for personal use , you are granted one - time permission only if you PayPal me $ 5.00 per printout or part thereof .
Thank you !
Thanks for reading !
$ 9.99 USD - monthly $ 4.99 USD - monthly $ 2.99 USD - monthly $ 1.99 USD - monthly Just 99 ¢ - monthly $ 19.99 USD - monthly $ 29.99 USD - monthly $ 49.99 USD - monthly $ 99.99 USD - monthly
Mr. & Mrs. Ken Rockwell , Ryan and Katie .
The court heard Munshi had a guide to making napalm on his computer
The youngest person in Britain arrested and convicted under the Terrorism
Act has been sentenced to two years in a young offenders ' institution .
Hammaad Munshi , from Dewsbury , West Yorkshire , 18 , was 16 when he was arrested in 2006 .
Police found a guide to making napalm on his computer .
The Old Bailey judge said he had been influenced by " fanatical extremists " .
His family backed the sentence , but said the case showed how easily a teenager could be groomed .
Al - Qaeda propaganda Munshi was convicted last month of making a record of information likely to be used for terrorist purposes , but cleared of possessing terrorist material .
During his trial at Blackfriars Crown Court , the jury heard that he had spent many hours viewing jihadist websites and had downloaded guides to making napalm , detonators and explosives .
Munshi was convicted alongside two other men , Aabid Khan and Sultan Muhammad .
Khan , 23 , from Bradford , West Yorkshire , was said to be a " key player " in radicalisation via the internet .
You have brought very great shame upon yourself , your family and your religion
Judge Timothy Pontius
He was accused by prosecutors of " inciting others to take part in [ jihad ] and arranging for himself and others to attend military training in Pakistan in preparation for going to fight and , inevitably , to kill " .
Munshi was said to have been recruited by Khan when he was just 15 .
His barrister had told the court he had shown " curiosity " rather than any kind of malicious intent .
However , on Friday Detective Chief Superintendent John Parkinson from the West Yorkshire counter - terrorism unit said all three were dangerous individuals who were not just curious about extremist material .
" They 'd gone out of their way to possess information about how to construct explosive devices , information about how to carry out acts of terrorism , " he told the BBC's Asian Network .
" They were pieces of information that had to be specifically sought out , and has therefore definitely stepped over that criminal threshold . "
The trial heard that Munshi was desperate to go and fight and went by the online name of " fidadee " , meaning a " person ready to sacrifice himself " .
He also had a discussion with Khan , via an internet messaging service , about how someone might smuggle a sword through airport security .
Police said they found al - Qaeda propaganda on his computer and notes on martyrdom hidden under his bed .
' Shame ' Judge Timothy Pontius said : " There is no doubt that you knew what you were doing . "
He said the nature of what was downloaded made it a " particularly serious offence " .
" You have brought very great shame upon yourself , your family and your religion , " he told Munshi .
Aabid Khan and Sultan Muhammad were jailed last month " However , in the light of the evidence , I have no doubt at all that you , amongst others of similar immaturity and vulnerability , fell under the spell of fanatical extremists , and your co-defendant Aabid Khan in particular .
" They took advantage of your youthful naivety in order to indoctrinate you with pernicious and warped ideas masquerading as altruistic religious zeal .
" Were it not for Aabid Khan 's malign influence , I doubt this offence would ever have been committed . "
Khan was sentenced in August to 12 years for possessing or making documents promoting terrorism .
His cousin Muhammad , 23 , also from Bradford , was sentenced to 10 years for similar offences under the Terrorism Act.
' Lessons to learn '
In a statement , Munshi 's grandfather Sheikh Yakub Munshi , who is a well - known Islamic scholar , said the family respected the court 's judgment .
" But like any other family in this country , we are deeply upset by the situation in which Hammaad finds himself , " he said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" All of us feel there are lessons to be learnt , not only for us but also for the whole Muslim community in this country .
" This case demonstrates how a young , impressionable teenager can be groomed so easily through the internet to associate with those whose views run contrary to true Muslim beliefs and values . "
Shahid Malik , Munshi's local MP , said the teenager 's family had been left " shocked and bewildered " by what had happened .
" It is a real wake - up call for parents because there is a real need to be vigilant , especially when their kids are on the internet , " he said .
" It is a real wake - up call to how older jihadists can prey on vulnerable young people .
" Mosques have done a lot but they need to do more in terms of telling young people what is acceptable and what is not in Islam . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Click to view
It 's never great to watch a beloved science fiction hero die - but sometimes a memorable heroic death can help turn a science fiction story into a real epic .
And some science fiction characters are unforgettable and bad - ass precisely because they died in a memorable way .
Here 's our list of the dozen greatest deaths in the history of science fiction .
With some spoilers , natch .
12 ) Searle in Sunshine .
Okay , I may be the only person who really loved Danny Boyle 's blazing space opera about a doomed crew trying to reignite the sun .
That 's okay , I can be right all on my own .
I especially love the way the character of Searle , the ship 's psychiatrist , surprises you in his final moments .
He 's kind of a prurient asshole for most of the movie , obsessed with looking into the sun with as little filter as possible .
He 's a pretty terrible therapist .
But when the chips are down , he knows he 's the most expendable crewmember .
When four crewmembers from the Icarus II get trapped on the wrecked ship Icarus I , with the airlock damaged , Searle agrees to stay behind so the rest of the away team can get back to the Icarus II .
He helps blast the others out the airlock , then exposes himself to the sun , dying the same way as the Icarus I 's crew .
Click to view
If you 're going to be a creepy therapist , the least you can do is self - immolate to save the rest of us .
11 ) Woody in Mission To Mars .
This is a pretty terrible movie overall , but a fantastic death scene .
Our heroes have to abandon their vessel .
And then Woody , played by Tim Robbins , leaves the others and launches himself at the Resupply Module ( REMO ) , but after he attaches the line from the other astronauts at the REMO , he keeps moving towards the planet .
His wife , Terri , wants to go after him , but Woody knows she 'll die in the rescue attempt .
So he takes off his own helmet and dies of depressurization rather than let her die for him .
( Thanks to Meredith for the suggestion ! )
Runner up : Speaking of depressurization deaths , Graeme really wanted me to include Cally 's death from Battlestar Galactica .
But I did n't really think her death was awesome .
Sorry , G. 10 ) Graham in " The Sleeper Wakes " by H.G. Wells .
One of Wells ' weirdest stories involves a man known only as Graham , who sleeps for over 200 years and wakes to find that he's not just the richest man in the world , but actually the owner of the entire world .
He eventually discovers that the White Council , which governs in his name , is oppressing everyone , and he helps a revolutionary named Ostrog to mount a revolution .
But afterwards , Ostrog starts oppressing people just as badly as the White Council had .
So finally Graham gets mad .
This time , it 's personal - he gets into an airplane and rams a whole bunch of Ostrog 's air fleet .
( Remember , this was written in 1910 . )
Finally , he rams his plane into Ostrog 's , then spirals to Earth , knowing that the revolution will prevail at last .
Runner up : Someone suggested Hari Seldon from Forward The Foundation , but I have n't read that book and could n't find much about it or track down a copy .
Was his death truly awesome ?
Let me know .
9 ) The Controller in Doctor Who , " Day Of The Daleks " " Day Of The Daleks " is probably not on my list of the 100 greatest Doctor Who stories of all time , but it has a few really amazing moments .
The greatest of these is where the Controller finally stands up to his Dalek masters .
All along , the 22nd century bureaucrat has been fooling himself that he can help the Daleks govern the human race and actually do some good along the way , helping people when the Daleks are n't looking .
But after a few chats with the Doctor , he finally realizes you can't work within the Dalek system .
He helps the Doctor escape , and when his coverup fails , the Daleks decide to exterminate him .
" Who knows ? " he says .
" I may have helped to exterminate you . "
Awesome .
Runners up : Various people suggested the deaths of various Doctors , but none of them really jumped out at me as especially cool .
One person suggested Adric , and I 'll protect his / her identity , to save him / her from the inevitable scorn of the masses .
8 ) Lt. Paul Wang from Space : Above And Beyond .
" Everybody 's favorite tortured bipolar guy , " Lt. Wang , callsign " Joker , " gives his life to hold off the aliens while everyone else gets away .
" This is for you ! " he shouts as he pours ammo into the enemy .
Commenter oconnellmd suggested this scene , and I can see why .
7 ) Certain people in Blake 's 7 , " Blake " I 'm going to show an unusual degree of restraint and not say who dies in this episode .
Let 's just say it's an incredibly fitting end for the saga , one which makes all of the stuff that comes before seem cooler because it leads up to this .
In my write - up on how to discover Blake 's 7 , I actually advocate watching the last episode first .
At the very least , I think this is one spoiler that makes you appreciate the rest of the show more .
But do n't take my word for it : watch for yourself .
Advertisement
6 ) Pham Nuwen from A Fire Upon The Deep by Vernor Vinge .
Pham Nuwen is animated by the Old One , a super - powerful artificial intelligence , and he dies fighting the Blight , another super - A.I. First Pham downloads as much of the Old One into his brain as possible , overclocking his human brain by containing this massive superhuman intelligence , which will inevitably destroy him .
And then he launches the Countermeasure , an advanced weapon which moves the boundaries of the Slow Zone far enough to enclose and destory the Blight .
But the Countermeasure also has the effect of terminating Pham at the same time :
The Countermeasure 's writhing had slowed .
Its light flickered bright and then out .
Bright and then out .
She heard Pham 's breath gasp with every darkness .
Countermeasure , a savior that was going to kill a million civilizations .
And was going to kill the man who triggered it .
Almost unthinking , she dodged past the thing , reaching for Pham .
But razors upon razors blocked her , raking her arms .
Pham was looking up at her .
He was trying to say something more .
Then the light went out for a final time .
From the darkness all around came a hissing sound and a growling , bitter smell that Ravna would never forget .
Advertisement
( Thanks Annalee ! )
5 ) The T - 800 in Terminator II .
After Arnold Schwartzenegger 's T - 800 helps Sarah and John Connor defeat Robert Patrick 's mean T - 1000 by blowing it up and knocking it into molten metal , Arnie knows he has to go too .
If there 's anything left of the T - 800 , the technology could be used to reconstitute Skynet and bring the badness down on our heads .
So Arnie gets Sarah Connor to lower him - slowly - into the molten metal .
He gives a thumbs up as he descends to his robo - fondue doom .
( Thanks , Annalee ! )
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
4 ) Biggs from Star Wars .
I was seriously considering making Obi-Wan the coolest death from Star Wars , but really , screw that guy .
First of all , as he points out himself , he comes back a thousand times more powerful afterwards .
And secondly and more importantly , he 's kind of a big martyr , as everyone points out in the awesome parody Hardware Wars .
And Biggs does n't have any super Force powers , or the ability to come back a thousand times more anything .
All Biggs has is a X - ing , a can - do attitude , and an awesome porn - stache .
And he 's the greatest wingman ever , taking enemy fire and blowing up so that Luke can nuke the death star and get all the glory afterwards .
And look how stoic Biggs is in this deleted scene from Episode IV , telling Luke he may never come home again because he's off to join the rebels :
When does baby Biggs get his own episode of the Clone Wars cartoon ?
Preferably with a little baby mustache ?
3 ) Spike from Cowboy Bebop .
Martian bounty hunter Spike Spiegel gets into a duel with his former best friend , Vicious after Vicious ' Red Dragon gang has killed Spike 's girlfriend Julia .
Spike finally decides to face the past with Vicious that he ran away from three years earlier , and he storms the Red Dragon headquarters , killing a bunch of its members as he climbs .
Vicious manages to slash Spike with his katana , but then Spike shoots Vicious dead .
Spike comes down the stairs , wounded and weakened , to face all the remaining members of the Red Dragon .
Spike makes a gun with his fingers and says " Bang " ... then collapses .
Most people seem to assume Spike dies of his wounds , and it's not hard to find tons of people online listing this as one of the coolest death scenes in all anime , or all Asian films , let alone science fiction .
2) Someone from Anathem by Neal Stephenson .
Since this book just came out and it's a bit of a major spoiler , I wo n't say who dies and how - click here if you 've already read the book and / or do n't care about spoilers .
1 ) Spock from Star Trek II : The Wrath Of Khan .
I 'm not putting the pointy - eared green blooded Vulcan first just because I know I 'd get lynched otherwise .
I 'm not even including the death of Spock because I pretty much memorized all the dialog from that scene as a little kid .
I 'm including it because it 's the template of how to do a memorable , important death in a science fiction epic .
The movie is n't ABOUT Spock at all , but it still feels as though the whole film has been leading up to his death .
A lesser film would have been more clumsy and obvious about giving Spock a bunch of cool moments leading up to his death , and trying to manipulate us into feeling the Spock love before he snuffs it .
Instead , we do get plenty of cool Spock moments , including giving Kirk his present and mentoring Lt. Saavik .
But it 's woven into the rest of the movie , and the film 's running theme of the " no-win situation " and the impossibility of cheating death every single time help to set up the death of Kirk 's best friend way better than a scene where Spock talks about what he 's going to do when he retires and goes back to Vulcan .
The result is one of the most amazing moments in Trek history , one of those moments where you can really beleive
Trek is a sweeping saga instead of just a zany adventure with green women and Saurian brandy .
Runner up : I can't believe I left out Roy Batty in Blade Runner , as various commenters have pointed out .
Especially since I went on a whole tangent about Roy 's amazing death scene in my rant about why there should n't be a BR sequel earlier in the day .
Suffice to say the Roy Batty death scene is definitely one of the all - time classic , and easily up there with Spock's .
Categories : Celebs ,
White House Beyonce : Obama needs another term ( Photo Credit : Reuters )
If President Obama wants to add some star power to his re-election campaign , he ’s got a volunteer waiting in the wings .
Beyonce , who stumped for Obama in 2008 , said that she ’ll “ absolutely ” campaign for him again .
“ I did the first time and I will again , ” the singer said in an interview with CNN's Piers Morgan that aired Monday .
“ I think he ’s doing a great job .
I think he ’s fantastic .
I think he needs another term , he needs more time , ” Beyonce said .
When Morgan asked if her husband Jay - Z actually “ has the president on the speed dial of his cell phone , " Beyonce smiled coyly and said she did n’t know but called the Obamas “ amazing ” and “ wonderful . ”
On performing during their first dance as president and first lady in 2009 , the singer said : " It was really powerful and overwhelming .
I kept telling myself , ' OK this is not about you , you have to do this for them .
You have to do this for history . ' "
Tags : Beyonce ,
Obama post a comment
permalink Share this Article Digg
Delicious
Reddit
Yahoo
Google
Technorati
Categories : Politicians Bristol knows mom's 2012 plans ABC ’s Robin Roberts tried , then Sean Hannity gave it a go , but Bristol Palin would n’t talk about her mother ’s 2012 plans with either host on Monday .
“ There are some things that we talk about at the kitchen table that stay at the kitchen table , ” she told both .
The gang from " FOX & Friends " got a little bit more out of Bristol on Tuesday when host Brian Kilmeade asked , “ Do you get the sense that your mom has not made up her mind yet or do you think she knows and has n't told us ? "
Making the media rounds for her new book “ Not Afraid of Life , ” Bristol replied , " You know , she definitely knows .
We 've talked about it before .
Some things just need to stay in the family . "
Bristol told the hosts that she wants her mom to run , but she ’s been saying that since she was boogying with the press during her “ Dancing with the Stars ” days .
Tags : Bristol Palin ,
Sarah Palin post a comment
permalink Share this Article Digg
Delicious
Reddit
Yahoo
Google
Technorati
Categories : Sightings Shriver and Biden at Special Olympics ( Photo Credit : Reuters )
Besides hopping on stage for her friend Oprah in May , Maria Shriver has kept a low profile since news broke that her husband , Arnold Schwarzenegger , fathered a child with a member of their household staff .
But Shriver crossed the pond and smiled for the cameras during several public appearances in Greece this weekend for the Special Olympics .
Shriver , a Special Olympics board member , mentioned her difficult time in a blog post before she left for the games : “ My friend , Special Olympian and fellow Special Olympics Board Member , Eddie Barbanell , wrote me a beautiful note before I traveled to Athens that made me feel so good .
He said that he knew I was going through a rough time but he wanted me to know that I ‘ will never be left out . ' "
Of Barbanell she wrote , “ Thousands of people -- family , friends , neighbors , colleagues and many people I 've never met -- have reached out to me recently with loving , uplifting , hopeful and kind messages .
But he was the only one who wrote , ‘ You will never be left out . ’ ”
Jill Biden also traveled to Greece to lead the presidential delegation to the games .
She attended the lighting of the Flame of Hope , an aquatic competition and Saturday ’s opening ceremonies where Vanessa Williams and Stevie Wonder performed .
Tags : Jill Biden ,
Maria Shriver post a comment
permalink Share this Article Digg
Delicious
Reddit
Yahoo
Google
Technorati
Categories : Morning TV Bristol ' not accusing Levi of date rape '
Since Bristol Palin ’s book " Not Afraid of Life " was released , there ’s been plenty of buzz about an early chapter where she described losing her virginity to Levi Johnston .
She later had a son with Johnston , but wrote that he encouraged her to drink before their first sexual encounter and that her virginity was “ stolen . ”
Bristol clarified in an interview with “ Good Morning America , ” on Monday that she is n’t accusing him of date rape , as some have speculated .
“ I ’m not accusing Levi of date rape or rape at all .
But I am just looking back with the adult eyes I have now and just thinking that was a foolish decision .
I should have never been underage drinking and I should have never gotten myself into a situation like that , ” Bristol told host Robin Roberts about her former fiancé .
Of calling Levi a “ gnat ” in her book , Bristol admitted that she ’s not too concerned about their son Tripp reading that line in a few years , because she does n’t know “ that Levi will be a big role model or in his life at all . ”
She said that she hopes “ other women with jerk boyfriends reading the book go ‘ you know what ?
I do n’t have to be with this guy . ’ ”
Before the interview wrapped , Bristol gave her mom a little 2012 plug , saying Sarah Palin would make a great president .
Roberts asked if the two have talked about a Palin run and Bristol answered , “ There are some things that we talk about at the kitchen table that stay at the kitchen table . ”
Tags : Bristol Palin ,
Levi Johnston post a comment
permalink Share this Article Digg
Delicious
Reddit
Yahoo
Google
Technorati
Categories : Politicians
A league of their own POLITICO Slideshows require the Adobe Flash Player ( Photo Credit : John Shinkle / POLITICO )
Female members of Congress triumphed over a team of reporters in the annual Congressional Women ’s Softball Game on Thursday .
A seventh inning hit from Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz drove home the winning run for a final score of 5 - 4 .
Spotted at the ballpark : Rep. Betty Sutton soaring through the air to catch a fly ball , Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor wearing zebra print , House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi with House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer in the dugout and Rep. Laura Richardson hitting a home run .
Tags : Softball comments closed
permalink Share this Article Digg
Delicious
Reddit
Yahoo
Google
Technorati
ST .
PAUL , MINN .
Sept. 1 , 2008  --
The news that Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin's 17 - year - old unmarried daughter is pregnant rocked the political world Monday almost as much as Palin 's joining the Republican ticket did just three days ago .
The announcement sought to put to rest a potentially damaging Internet rumor concerning the parentage of Palin 's infant son .
It also showcases one of Palin 's strengths as a candidate : the perception that she is a " real " person who has coped with setbacks that average Americans face every day .
For the latest on Hurricane Gustav , watch " Gustav Storms the Gulf " on a special edition of " 20/20 " at 10 p.m. ET
But by the same token , the pregnancy raises complicated questions for conservative voters regarding issues of teenage sexual activity .
And -- perhaps more troubling for the McCain - Palin ticket -- the revelation comes during a critical period where voters are just beginning to learn about Palin and her family .
" Republicans will look at this like it's their primarily their family 's business and the fact that they 're keeping the baby underscores Palin 's personal commitment to life issues , " said Matthew Dowd , a former top strategist to President Bush and an ABC News contributor .
" This is not a problem unless it becomes the first in a series of such revelations that makes this look like the last of the Alaskan wild sort of thing , " Dowd said .
The news -- released to the public on the first day of a Republican National Convention severely truncated by Hurricane Gustav -- sent shockwaves through St. Paul , the convention site .
Many Republicans expressed relief that the timeline of her pregnancy apparently means that Internet reports that Palin pretended to be the mother of a child who was actually her daughter 's can not be true .
Democratic nominee Barack Obama Monday said his campaign will not make a political issue of the Palin daughter 's pregnancy .
He told reporters while campaigning in Michigan that a candidate 's family is " off limits and people 's children are especially off limits , " pointing out that his own mother gave birth to him at 18 .
Several delegates contacted by ABC News said they were not bothered by the fact that Palin 's daughter is pregnant .
Several said the revelation -- and particularly the fact that Bristol Palin plans to have the baby and marry the father -- gives them more respect for the Palin family .
" It 's a situation that many Americans have faced , she just happens to be on the presidential ticket , " said Texas delegate Russell Martinez , 40 .
" Situations like this can affect you no matter who you are . "
Wearing a button with flashing red lights that reads " the LIFE of the party , Republican National Convention 2008 " Donna Crocker , 69 , a Texas delegate , said it 's good Palin came out early with the revelation .
" I think the fact that Palin 's out in front with it is really a very god thing .
My prayers are with the family , " Crocker said .
" The fact that her daughter 's keeping it and marrying the father is wonderful .
It 's a human life and she is respecting that , " Crocker said of Bristol Palin .
" This is absolutely the best thing they could do , " said Oklahoma delegate Angie LaPlante , 46 , of Bristol Palin 's decision to keep the baby .
" This is the best thing , pro-life decision and it shows Palin is being supportive , " she said .
Palin is an outspoken opponent of abortion , opposing the termination of a pregnancy in all cases except when the mother 's life is in danger .
Palin also opposed sexual education programs in schools , other than an abstinence - only curriculum , during her 2006 Alaska gubernatorial campaign .
Grover Norquist , the anti-tax activist who leads an influential weekly meeting of conservatives , reacted to the news that Gov. Sarah Palin's , R - Alaska , 17 - year old daughter plans to keep the baby and marry the father by saying that the GOP 's pro-life base is " over the moon " because it re-enforces that the Palin family lives its pro-life values .
" Before they were excited about her with the down syndrome baby , " Norquist said , " but now with this , they are over the moon .
It re-enforces the fact that this family lives its pro-life values . "
Prominent conservative leaders voiced immediate support for the Palin family .
" They seem to be doing the right thing on both counts : having the baby and marrying the father , " Chuck Donovan , the executive vice president of the conservative Family Research Council , told ABC News .
" God bless them both . "
Said Dr. James Dobson , president of Focus on the Family : " Being a Christian does not mean you 're perfect .
Nor does it mean your children are perfect .
But it does mean there is forgiveness and restoration when we confess our imperfections to the Lord .
I 've been the beneficiary of that forgiveness and restoration in my own life countless times , as I 'm sure the Palins have . "
McCain 's communications director , Jill Hazelbaker , said the senator was aware of the pregnancy but did not think that fact should disqualify the governor in any way .
" It was part of Governor Palin 's vetting , but I want to be very clear we expect the media will afford Bristol and Governor Palin the exact same privacies that they have afforded candidates past , " Hazelbaker said .
" Bristol Palin -- is not running for vice president , her mother is . "
She said the campaign decided to go public in part because liberal bloggers had been attacking the Palins by suggesting that Gov. Palin pretended to be pregnant to cover for her daughter .
" The liberal blogosphere spent the last 48 hours attacking Governor Palin , suggesting her child was not her own , " Hazelbaker said .
" We felt that it was important for us to not only protect Governor Palin but set the record straight about these lies . "
Yet Palin 's image may suffer further if more damaging revelations come out in the coming days and weeks .
Also Monday , the McCain campaign confirmed that Palin 's husband , Todd , was arrested and charged with driving under the influence of alcohol in 1986 , when he was 22 years old and was dating Sarah Heath , his future wife .
Today Laura Bush , who will speak to the RNC tonight during its abbreviated opening day session , expressed her support for Palin .
The first lady 's spokesman said Bush did not know about the Palin 's daughter 's pregnancy before it was made public today , but she said the Palins should expect the campaigning to be tough , adding " You have to be ready for politics as usual . "
Republican strategist Rick Wilson said that if Democrats seek to make an issue out of the pregnancy or other aspects of the Palins ' personal life , the attacks will backfire .
" American families do n't all live in the perfect sitcom world .
She 's not a stock person out of the Washington , D.C. , show .
She 's a real person , " Wilson said .
" This shows not only that the Palins are a real American family , with all the good times and the tough times families face , it shows that John McCain is an unbelievably stand - up guy by choosing her . "
ABC 's Teddy Davis and Steven Portnoy contributed to this report .
Stocking Stuffer Ideas for Her Under $ 20
Stocking stuffers are proof that good things come in small packages .
Show the women in your life that you care with thoughtful stocking stuffers .
Look for gifts tailored to their interests or hobbies to evoke feelings of love this Christmas .
Kucinich seeks to bar US oil firms from Iraq Nick Juliano
Published : Friday August 1 , 2008
Print This Email This Rep. Dennis Kucinich has introduced a measure that would bar US oil companies from receiving contracts in Iraq .
The Ohio Democrat , who believes exploiting Iraq 's massive oil reserves was the primary reason we invaded , introduced a measure he says aims to keep Iraq 's oil wealth within the country .
 Iraq needs oil revenue now more than ever as they try to rebuild their country ,  Kucinich said Thursday , unveiling the Oil for Iraq Liberation Act.
Kucinich noted Congress recently required Iraq to match US investments in the country 's reconstruction , and he implied that Iraq 's ability to contribute to its reconstruction was damaged because of its reliance on oil revenues .
" The invasion of Iraq was about oil , but it didnt result in more oil or cheaper gas , " Kucinich said on the House Floor .
" It resulted in war profiteering by oil companies who benefited by keeping Iraqi oil off the market . "
Recent reports have indicated that big oil companies like Exxon , Chevron , BP , Total and Shell are set to receive lucrative no -bid contracts to explore in Iraq .
It 's unclear what effect , if any , Kucinich 's proposal would have on companies like the former British Petroleum , which is headquartered in London ; Total , based in Paris ; or Royal Dutch Shell , headquartered in The Hague .
Of the companies reportedly in line to receive contracts , only ExxonMobil and Chevron are based in the US , but both operate around the globe .
The State Department last week said its Inspector General would investigate the Iraqi contracts after four Democratic senators said government officials may have intervened to secure the contracts .
The full text of Kucinich's OIL Act had not been posted to the Library of Congress 's legislative tracking Web site as of early Friday afternoon .
In his floor speech , he said the bill would " discourage US oil companies from profiting from the war and will stop the further theft of Iraqs oil resources by the very interests who have profited from the war for oil : the US oil companies . "
After my recent popular post on 104 things to do during a money - free weekend , I received a most interesting comment from a Lifehacker reader named HFC :
It looks like a lot of free things are boring and / or require you to actually have friends .
Are n't there any fun things I can do by myself ?
This comment really spurred my thinking .
I'm a proud introvert - most of the activities I enjoy are either done alone or with a very tight group of friends .
I do n't feel comfortable in large social situations , though I 've learned how to cope well with them and not come off as a deeply antisocial jerk .
The only problem is that a lot of activities that you can do yourself require some money to enjoy .
Renting a video costs money .
Playing a video game ?
Very expensive .
Here are 50 suggestions for free or extremely cheap ways to spend your time .
Some of these have appeared on other lists of free stuff to do before - others are new to this one .
Similarly , some of these may appeal to you - others may not .
If you 're an introvert , have fun and save some money !
1 . Make a collage postcard for PostSecret .
For those unaware , PostSecret is a website to which people send postcards telling their deepest , darkest secret anonymously ; the blog creator then posts images of some of those postcards on the blog .
All you need is a blank postcard , some imagination , and a secret to tell .
Look around your house for the materials you 'll need - old magazines are always a great place to start harvesting materials from .
Look for images that reflect the secret you want to tell , then make a collage out of them on the card .
Whether you mail it or not is up to you , but it 's a wonderful way to get creative and get some release on a secret you 've been hiding .
2 . Try out parkour .
Parkour is essentially an obstacle - course style athletic activity where you try to find the quickest path from point A to point B .
You can do this pretty much anywhere - your yard , the park , anywhere in a city - and it's always a lot of fun and good exercise .
Plus , it 's an incredibly effective way to improve your mind - body coordination , as practicing this regularly will improve your balance and also your quick - decision skills .
3. Master a Rubik 's Cube .
There are few parlor tricks that are more entertaining ( for me , at least ) than watching someone solve a Rubik 's Cube quickly .
You can easily get ahold of one of these ( ask on Freecycle or Craigslist ) - the trick is figuring out how to solve it on your own , then how to solve it quickly .
Here 's a great guide for solving a Rubik 's Cube .
4 . Make a list of all the people who were a positive influence on your life and write each of them a thank - you letter .
Think for a bit about all of the people who have inspired you and helped you along in your current life path .
Make a list of all of these people - mine , for example , includes my high school English teacher , some relatives and friends , and a few college professors .
Then pull out some paper and a pen and write each of them a handwritten letter , reminding them of how they helped you out and thanking them for doing so .
It 's a great way to get in touch with the people who helped shape your life , and it 's something you 'll feel genuinely good about for a long time .
Related : Planting Seeds for the Future
5. Learn how to make string figures .
I love making string figures .
All you really need is a big loop of string and some imagination .
Figuring out how to loop string around your fingers to make visual compositions of all sorts of things is a lot of fun .
You can easily make spider webs , bridges , and other interesting things .
Even better , learn about some of the cultural heritage of these string figures and try to relate the stories yourself as you make the figures .
Here 's a guide to the basics .
6. Learn some basic yoga poses .
Yoga is a great way to relax and meditate while stretching the muscles of your body and getting a surprisingly intense workout at the same time .
Basic yoga is extremely simple and feels really good - a stretching routine once a day feels really good to me .
Here 's a great introductory video to the very basics of yoga .
7 . Take a free online class to learn the basics of a new topic .
We 're living in a golden age of free education , with online college courses available from some of the best academic institutions in the world like MIT , Stanford , and Harvard .
I recently shared 10 of the best online classes I 've taken for free over the past few years , in subjects varying from computer science to music theory to philosophy .
You can even learn in - demand job skills like computer programming for free .
8 . Teach yourself how to cook .
Not only is cooking the most cost - effective way to provide sustenance for yourself , it 's also an art form that rewards experimentation and practice .
Challenge yourself to assemble an interesting meal out of the materials you have on hand .
You might just find that it 's fun , that you 've learned something new , and you 've created something tasty to eat for just pennies .
Here are a few tips if you 're new to cooking at home .
9 . Take a walk in the park .
Likely , there 's either a park or a secluded rural area within walking distance of where you live .
Set out on foot to go there , then just wander around enjoying what you can observe and take in .
Enjoy the natural beauty around you .
Even better , find a nice secluded place and engage in another of the activities on this list in a wonderful natural environment .
10 . Listen to a podcast .
Podcasts are wonderful snippets of intelligent ( mostly ) and engaging talk radio , where people pour out their hearts and ideas for you to hear - for free .
Here are 10 podcasts I quite enjoy to get you started : The Splendid Table ( on food topics ) , Marketplace ( on economics and business ) , Speaking of Faith ( on religion ) , Fresh Air ( interviews of general interest ) , This American Life ( quirky general interest stuff ) , This Week in Tech ( technology news ) , Car Talk ( automotive news and tips ) , Keith and the Girl ( pop culture ) , Free Talk Live ( non-partisan politics ) , and Nobody Likes Onions ( comedy ) .
11 . Learn a simple papercraft .
Papercraft includes everything from origami ( and neat things like paper snowflakes ) to full paper models of ... well , anything .
The excellent OrigamiVideo.net has a huge collection of videos on how to get started making almost anything origami ( and many other papercraft projects , too ) .
12 . Do a crossword or a sudoku puzzle .
Paper - and - pencil puzzles are a great way to stretch your mind in new directions .
You can easily get them for free - the New York Times gives out a free crossword each day , while an excellent free British - style cryptic crossword from The Herald or a huge number of free sudoku puzzles at WebSudoku should provide you with more than enough puzzle - solving pleasure for a long time .
13 . Teach yourself solitaire ( or a solitaire variant ) .
All you need is a deck of cards , a logical mind , and plenty of spare time .
Klondike is the most well known one , but there are a lot of fun solitaire games out there : Freecell , Golf , Patience , and Beleaguered Castle .
There are many others - here 's a sampling of ones to try .
14 . Put some positive affirmations around you .
On a series of Post - It notes , write down 10 or so positive things about yourself ( I find writing down positive memories is a great way to go , ones that put a smile on my face ) , then put them in places where you go irregularly and post them , like a rarely - used supply closet or the inside of your car 's trunk .
Then , when you find them , they 'll lift you in a positive way .
You could also do the same thing for someone you care about , posting some little reminders of their best qualities in places where they 'll discover them later .
15 . Start a blog on a topic that fascinates you .
If there 's a topic that fills you with passion , consider starting a blog on that topic .
It 's easy ( and free ) to get started at Blogger or WordPress .
Whenever you have an interesting idea about your topic or just get a strong desire to explain the basics , write it all out and post it there .
It 's a great way to organize your thoughts and channel your passion on a particular topic .
16 . Watch an old movie from your collection .
Almost everyone has some old movies lying around .
Dig some out and watch them .
I find it particularly enjoyable to watch old home movies - videos of when my son was a newborn , for example , are particularly fun to pull out .
I also enjoy watching movies that I dearly loved 10 years ago but have n't watched in years - I now see many of them as goofy fun for a rainy afternoon .
17 . Teach yourself a card trick .
Card tricks are a particularly fun way to entertain people in almost any situation , and there are as many different card tricks as there are grains of sand on the beach .
Pick up a deck of cards and invest the time to learn one cold so that if the opportunity ever offers itself , you can easily show off that trick .
For starters , here 's how to do a clever and simple trick called Quick as a Wink .
18 . Tour your neighborhood on foot .
Most neighborhoods have many interesting secrets and things to enjoy and observe on foot .
Just head out of your front door and wander wherever your spirit takes you .
You 'll likely find all sorts of interesting things on your journey - places you did n't know about before , interesting landmarks , beautiful sights , and perhaps an interesting free thing to pick up along the way .
19 . Go stargazing .
The stars in the night sky are one of the biggest reasons I love living in rural Iowa .
I can look skyward any non-cloudy evening and see a sky full of stars .
If you 're lucky enough to live in an area with a clear sky .
spend an evening or two gazing at the stars .
In particular , try to go outside on nights where a meteor shower is in progress , as that just adds to the beauty of the Milky Way .
Download a free app like SkyView Lite ( for iOS or Android ) to help you pick out constellations , planets , and even passing satellites in the night sky above you .
20 .
Get your finances in order .
While this might not seem like fun at first glance , having a financial plan can greatly reduce the stress of day - to - day life and also greatly increase your peace of mind .
Spend some time reading up on personal finance , working through activities like 31 Days to Financial Independence , setting goals , understanding your current financial state , doing estate planning , defining a budget , and so on .
It 's all worthwhile , all free , and all of it will add to your peace of mind .
21 . Make a time capsule .
Find an old shoebox , then go around your home and find items that clearly mark the reality of your day to day life - a newspaper , receipts , your child 's recent drawings , magazines , photos , and so on .
You can record a family video on your smartphone and copy it to a UBS drive and include that , too .
Put them in the box and when it 's got plenty of items in it , tape it up very securely and write a date in the future when you can open it - say , in 10 or 15 years .
Not only is it fun to collect the items now , it can be really interesting to look through those items in the future , when not only your life has changed , but cultural touchstones have changed as well .
22 . Find ( and read ) some free , alternative newspapers in your area .
Most urban areas have a handful of free newspapers , supported entirely by advertising or by sponsorship , that often provide insightful and interesting reading .
Look for ones in your area in the lobby of the local library , in the lobby of grocery stores , and at city hall .
Collect them , then take them home for a nice reading .
In my area , I have easy access to Toons ( a collection of political cartoons ) , The Sun ( community events ) , Cityview ( an independent public affairs paper for Des Moines ) , and Juice ( a twenty - something paper in Des Moines published by the Des Moines Register ) .
All of these can provide worthwhile reading - and they 're all free .
23 . Learn a musical instrument .
This might not strike you as a free thing to do , but it 's actually surprisingly easy to learn how to play an instrument for free .
You can often get basic instruments ( keyboards , acoustic guitars , and sometimes other things ) on Freecycle or Craigslist , plus there are countless opportunities online for basic lessons on how to play any number of instruments , as well as how to read music .
All it takes to get started is some time and some interest .
24 . Listen to your favorite music up loud ( and let yourself dance to it ) .
I love to turn the music up loud on occasion and bounce around to it ( all in complete privacy , of course ) .
Few things get me more pumped up than a really lively song and a bunch of moving around in rhythm to the music .
For me personally , few songs get me bouncing around energetically more than AC / DC's Let There Be Rock .
But that 's just me - I 'm sure you have your own favorites .
25 . Visit the library .
This one 's right in the middle of the list , but it 's one of the best free things for an introvert to do on the cheap .
Your public library is a gigantic collection of free books , movies , music , magazines , and countless other things - all there for the borrowing .
Plus , there 's usually a lot of activities there for the introvert , from film showings to recommended reading lists and community calendars .
Stop by and see what things a library really has to offer .
26 . Do a jigsaw puzzle .
A jigsaw puzzle is a wonderful engrossing activity .
My family used to traditionally cover the kitchen table with jigsaw puzzles for much of the winter , with everyone sharing in the puzzle - solving process .
You can usually find them for free on Freecycle without any effort at all and they 'll give you many hours of solitary enjoyment .
27 . Build a detailed family tree .
Most people are aware of at least a couple generations of their lineage , but things often get confused when you get further back than that .
Spend some time building a detailed family tree , starting with what you know and eventually adding your own research to the mix .
Contact older relatives for assistance , then use resources like Ancestry.com to fill in more blanks .
Add as much detail as you 'd like or , even better , make it into a multimedia project on your computer , with pictures and other materials .
28 . Teach yourself to meditate .
For stress relief and aid for overcoming tiredness , few things work better for me than a short period of meditation .
The easiest technique is to just sit in a comfortable chair , close your eyes , and focus on nothing but breathing slowly for a while .
Breathe in slowly , hold it for a bit , breathe out slowly .
Over and over .
I 've been practicing meditation for at least 10 minutes a day , and the effects have been profound .
29 .
Read a book on your shelf that 's unread .
Most of us have a book or two around our home that we have n't read - something we keep meaning to read " someday . "
Let today be that someday .
Dig out that book and give it a serious , long reading .
Let yourself get lost in the book , no matter what it is , and see if you can get through it ( or at least a significant portion of it ) in one sitting .
Getting lost in a book is one of my favorite experiences - and it can easily be a free one .
30 .
Start a workout program at home .
A basic workout program does n't need to involve an expensive gym membership - it just needs to involve personal initiative .
After all , many of the most effective exercises -- running , walking , sit-ups , prone lifts , push ups , jumping jacks -- do n't involve any exercise equipment at all .
Before you get started , make sure you 're in good health with a doctor 's visit .
Then string some of these free exercises into an at - home workout routine , or try some of the the ever - changing free daily workouts at Darebee .
31 . Do a " Wikipedia walk . "
I often burn a good hour doing a " Wikipedia walk " as I investigate a particular topic and find interesting connections to other areas of personal interest .
All you have to do is think of a very broad topic you 're interested in - say , philosophy - and read through that entry , following any and all links that are of interest .
What I usually do is open up a bunch of new browser tabs from links on that first entry , then read each tab , opening new ones , until I 've had my fill .
It 's a great way to learn the details of any topic , from knitting to the Eastern Orthodox Church .
32 . Start a natural collection or sketchbook .
All that 's required to start a natural collection - or a notebook that collects observations - is an interest and a willingness to investigate .
Like rocks ?
Start collecting and identifying particular samples .
Birds ?
Make some sketches or take some photographs .
There 's no limit to what you can observe and record in the natural world .
You can observe people , too , or automobiles - the possibilities are endless .
Here are some tips for getting started with a natural collection .
33 . Organize your collection (s ) .
Speaking of collections , one wonderful solitary activity is organizing your currently - existing collections .
Go through your collection of CDs , DVDs , trading cards , books , political buttons , or whatever item you collect and put them in a reasonable order .
Along the way , you 'll find all sorts of little things to do to pique your interest , simply from your personal enjoyment of the things you 've collected .
34 . Learn how to juggle .
Juggling is a really enjoyable pastime : it teaches hand - eye coordination and dexterity while simultaneously being quite soothing .
It 's also quite simple - you just need three balls to learn how to do it .
Here 's an excellent tutorial video on how to juggle .
35 . Play a free online game .
There are countless sources of excellent online games - try Kongregate for starters .
Lately , I 've been playing " Ticket to Ride : Europe " online using the free trial - it's one of my favorite board games and it's a blast to play whenever I like .
36 . Seek out a solitary place on foot .
One activity I particularly enjoyed doing during my college days was exploring seemingly crowded places but searching for nooks and crannies that were completely isolated from the hubbub .
I used to find small back rooms of the large university library and just curl up in there and read .
I also used to climb the large trees on campus to get up above the crowds below .
The search for solitude was enjoyable and finding it was sublime .
37 . Start ( and maintain ) a journal .
I 've been keeping a journal for years now and find it valuable and fulfilling .
Just start on any old spare notebook you have lying around your house .
Jot down the most interesting things you did that day - even if they do n't seem interesting right now .
Eventually , you 'll start to build up a nice catalog of entries and it'll become quite fun to read earlier writings .
38 . Go to a free movie .
If you look around a bit , you can often find free movie showings in your community .
Start by visiting the libraries available to you - many have open movie nights , where you can go sit in the library auditorium and enjoy a free film .
If you live near a university , there 's often a film group there showing a weekly movie as well .
Often , other community groups will put on regular film nights as well - just check around .
39 .
Take up walking , jogging , or running .
There are almost no solitary activities that combine physical exertion , rhythm , and peace of mind like sustained walking , jogging , or running , and all you really need to get started is a pair of decent shoes .
Define a regular , sensible jogging routine ( three times a week for 30 minutes is a good way to get started ) and dig in on the paths around you .
The key is n't to kill yourself , but to just exert yourself a little and figure out how to get into a good , healthy rhythm along the way .
For a more rigorous , flexible free workout , try rucking - walking or hiking with extra weight in a backpack .
40 .
Take a long , hot bath .
Just fill up your bathtub with some nice , warm water , get yourself in there , and kick back .
Enjoy the long soak and just let the little worries drift away for a while .
To me , this is almost as good as a professional massage but the cost is just right - plus it 's just as convenient as the bathroom down the hall .
41 . Rearrange ( and thoroughly clean ) a room .
Sometimes all it really takes to make a place seem fresh and new is a thorough cleaning and a rearrangement of the decorations and furniture .
Put some elbow grease to work in your favorite room in your home that 's just a bit tired and see what you can do to make it smell and look fresh again .
If it 's a regular place where you spend time , just that little bit of change can make a world 's worth of difference .
42 . Write a poem .
This is an activity that forces almost everyone to think a bit differently about the world around them , but from that experience can come much wisdom and growth .
Try to express whatever you 're feeling in your heart in words , in whatever form seems the most natural and appropriate .
Then tease the words around a little - find ones that seem to click with how you feel .
The entire process will leave you feeling interesting things - and often feeling deeply fulfilled .
43 . Get politically informed .
Find out what candidates are going to appear on your ballot in the upcoming election ( as well as any ballot initiatives ) and find out more about each one of them .
Compare the candidates running for the same office and make a rational decision about each campaign .
You can do most of this research online today - if you can't , call the local offices of each political party to find out about local candidates .
Doing this will make you an informed voter and likely an influential one , since you can state clear reasons why you 're supporting the candidates you 're supporting and this can often sway others .
44 . Take some digital photographs and share them online .
If you 're building a natural collection or observing anything interesting at all , take along your smartphone or camera and snap some photographs of it .
Then , take these images and share them with others on a photo - sharing site like Flickr .
Be sure to put in the effort to add detailed notes about each picture so that others may enjoy them as well .
45 . Discover new music you might like .
There are countless free online streaming services available to you that can help you find new music that matches your tastes .
Sites like Pandora or Last.fm allow you to type in the name of a musical artist you like , and then get a customized radio station of nothing but similar artists , virtually ensuring you 'll discover some compelling new music .
46 . Create an interesting video and share it on YouTube .
All this takes is a smartphone or digital camera capable of capturing video , some basic video editing software ( there are free web - based programs online ) , and some creativity .
Think of something interesting that you could make a compelling video about , create a tight script for that video , then go around collecting the shots you need .
Once you 're done , edit the video into a slick presentation and upload it to YouTube for the world to see .
Keep it up , and you could potentially create a new income stream .
47 . Enter a short story competition .
Short stories are a lot of fun to write - in fact , writing them is my secret passion .
Whenever I have spare time , I like to seek out short story competitions , write out stories for them , and then ... fail to actually enter because I 'm too self - conscious about my short stories .
But I still gain something big from it - the process of writing a short story is a lot of fun .
48 . Dig deep into a blog .
Got a blog you enjoy reading ( like , say , this one ) ?
Go waaaay back into the site 's archives and read some of the older stuff .
You 'll often find that the writing has changed drastically since the early days and that you 've missed out on a ton of interesting and compelling ideas .
Look for an " archives " page -- you can dig through thousands of my past The Simple Dollar posts here .
49 .
Attend a free concert .
Many communities offer free weekly municipal concerts in the park and larger cities often have multiple free concerts each day in various places .
Pay attention to the community calendar and other resources and go by yourself to a concert .
Live music can be a very compelling and exciting thing - do n't miss out on an opportunity to enjoy it .
50 .
Watch a sunrise or sunset , from beginning to end .
This really says it all :
That picture depicts sunset over the Grand Canyon in July 2005 when I visited there with my wife .
The amazing part of that scene is that you can enjoy much the same beauty anywhere you are , whether you 're an early riser or a night owl .
Just watch the sun rise and take on brightness , or watch her set and shed her colors .
Beauty , indeed .
On Sunday , Mr. Paulson defended the plan and the administration ’s decision to expand it to protect foreign companies and authorize even wider latitude to buy assets other than those that were backed by mortgages .
Mr. Paulson , a former Wall Street deal maker , also suggested that the administration would have some flexibility in dealing with concerns raised by Congress .
Image Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson Jr. after appearing on  This Week With George Stephanopoulos on Sunday .
Credit ... Lauren Victoria Burke / Associated Press
Democrats said the plan would need to provide more specific relief for troubled homeowners .
They said the program , which the administration proposed to be run by Treasury , would have to be more accountable to Congress .
And they said that the plan must restrict the compensation of corporate executives from companies that make use of the program to sell the burdensome securities on their balance sheets to the United States .
“ We need to offer some assurance to the American taxpayer that Congress is watching , ” Senator Christopher J. Dodd , Democrat of Connecticut and chairman of the banking committee , told reporters on Sunday .
“ One of the things that got us into this mess was the lack of accountability and the lack of oversight that was occurring , and I do n’t think we want to repeat those mistakes with a program of this magnitude . ”
Mr. Paulson said he hoped that the government would recoup much of the cost of buying distressed mortgage - related assets .
But he did not rule out that the initial cost of the bailout could rise beyond $ 700 billion , the limit set in the terse proposal sent by the Treasury to Congress on Saturday .
“ That does n’t mean we ’ll go all the way there , or it does n’t mean it will stop there and we wo n’t ask for more , ” Mr. Paulson said on the CBS program “ Face the Nation . ”
“ What we need is something that is big enough to get the job done .
We ’ll ask for what we think is a right amount to give us plenty of flexibility . ”
Sign up for our COVID - 19 newsletter to stay up - to - date on the latest coronavirus news throughout New York City
Plans to bring BJ ’s Wholesale Club , potentially the second big box retailer in Red Hook , sent a shiver of excitement and mild horror through the neighborhood this week .
As reported by The Brooklyn Paper last week , developer Joe Sitt hopes to bring the national retailer to the old Revere sugar factory next to Ikea .
But the news of yet another big box on Beard Street sparked a debate similar to the one that raged for years about the likely effects of the Swedish home furnishing giant ’s incursion into the hardscrabble neighborhood .
“ I ’m there for anything that ’s going to bring jobs to my community , ” said Dorothy Shields , head of the tenants association at the Red Hook East housing project , where unemployment is close to 20 percent .
But opponents saw the BJ ’s proposal as confirmation that they were right all along : that the Ikea would create a chain reaction of chain stores .
“ Our biggest fear is that [ a second national retailer ] would lead to the domino effect of big box stores on the waterfront , ” said Joe Bernardo , co-owner of the Hope and Anchor diner on Van Brunt Street .
But if there was any difference between the war over Ikea , which drew deep divisions in Red Hook and the worries about the BJ ’s , it is that today , people are less fearful of a traffic catastrophe , thanks to the apparent success Ikea has had in minimizing congestion on Red Hook ’s narrow and lazy roads by providing free water taxis to Manhattan and shuttle buses to Brooklyn subway stations .
“ Ikea has done a great job with traffic , ” said Greg O’Connell , who brought the Fairway supermarket to the neighborhood .
Bernardo , who opposed the Ikea , agreed that traffic has not snarled the way he and many others envisioned and said there ’s been an increase in weekend customers at his restaurant near the corner of Wolcott Street since Ikea opened — all of which makes him less nervous about the likely arrival of BJ’s .
“ I have an open mind .
In some ways , we were wrong about Ikea , ” he told The Brooklyn Paper .
PRINCETON , NJ -- John McCain's 6 percentage - point bounce in voter support spanning the Republican National Convention is largely explained by political independents shifting to him in fairly big numbers , from 40 % pre-convention to 52 % post - convention in Gallup Poll Daily tracking .
By contrast , Democrats ' support for McCain rose 5 percentage points over the GOP convention period , from 9 % to 14 % , while Republicans ' already - high support stayed about the same .
The surge in political independents who favor McCain for president marks the first time since Gallup began tracking voters ' general - election preferences in March that a majority of independents have sided with either of the two major - party candidates .
Prior to now , McCain had received no better than 48 % of the independent vote and Obama no better than 46 % , making the race for the political middle highly competitive .
Layering voters ' political ideology over their party identification provides the additional finding that the slim group of " pure independents " -- those with no political leanings to either major party -- grew more favorable to McCain by an even larger amount over the past week or so .
McCain was preferred over Obama by 20 % of pure independents in Gallup Poll Daily tracking from Aug. 29 - 31 .
In the latest three - day rolling average , from Sept. 5 - 7 , he is favored by 39 % of non-leaning independents , a 19 - point increase .
( Nearly 40 % of pure independents remain undecided . )
The more modest expansion of McCain 's support among Democrats has come mainly from the right wing of that party , with 25 % of conservative Democrats now favoring him over Obama , compared with 15 % just before the Republican gathering .
Moderate and liberal Democrats show only slightly more support for McCain than they did prior to the GOP convention .
There has been no change in the presidential preferences of either conservative Republicans or moderate - to - liberal Republicans .
In contrast to the differential shifts in support for McCain by party and ideology , Gallup Poll Daily tracking finds a uniform rise in support for McCain since late August among men and women .
The percentage of men supporting McCain over Obama pre- and post -Republican convention rose from 46 % to 52 % , while the percentage of women rose from 41 % to 46 % .
Voters 30 and older are more likely to be supporting McCain than they were just prior to the Republican convention , but not young voters .
In contrast to the 7 - point jumps in support seen among those aged 50 to 64 , and 65 and older , there has been a 1 - point decline in support among 18 - to 29 - year - olds .
Regionally , Gallup finds solid gains for McCain in all areas of the country except the West , where his already fairly high support has held steady .
However , the 9 - point increase for McCain in the South on top of his previous 49 % support level in that region makes the South now overwhelmingly pro-McCain , 58 % to 36 % .
Final Points
The events on the Republican stage in St. Paul , Minn. , from Sept. 2 - 4 appear to have provided two important boosts to the McCain - Palin ticket .
First , according to the latest USA Today / Gallup poll , conducted Sept. 5 - 7 , McCain has energized his Republican base and , as a result , has potentially strengthened his positioning on Election Day with " likely voters . "
Second , as the Gallup Poll Daily trends discussed here show , voter movement toward McCain since the Republican convention occurred mainly with independents , thus broadening McCain 's appeal beyond the party .
Republicans had already lined up for McCain before the convention started .
Now , they are excited , and are joined by more independents than at any other time in the campaign .
Those gains may not last -- " bounces " rarely do -- but they enable McCain to launch the next phase of the campaign with the knowledge of what his winning coalition might look like .
Survey Methods
Gallup Poll Daily tracking results from Sept. 5 - 7 , 2008 , and Aug. 29 - 31 , 2008 , are each based on interviews with 2,733 registered voters .
For results based on these samples , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
Weekly averages of Gallup Poll Daily tracking from March 10 - 16 , 2008 , through Aug. 18 - 24 , 2008 , are generally based on interviews with more than 6,000 registered voters .
For results based on this samples of this size , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±1 percentage points .
Results based on various subgroups of voters are associated with larger margins of sampling error .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
To provide feedback or suggestions about how to improve Gallup.com , please e-mail feedback@gallup.com .
By Pallab Ghosh
Science correspondent , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Engineers have unveiled the latest prototypes for a European rover that is due to land on Mars in 2015 .
BBC
News has had exclusive access to the test vehicles which are being put through their paces by space company UK Astrium at its HQ in Stevenage .
The British team on this European Space Agency ( Esa ) project has nicknamed the prototypes Bruno and Bradley .
The six - wheeled robots are claimed to be the most robust and manoeuvrable planetary rovers to be built .
According to Chris Draper , Astrium 's ExoMars rover vehicle industrial manager , they can go literally where no rover has gone before .
" Obviously , the American MER rovers ( Spirit and Opportunity ) that were put up by Nasa enjoyed an extreme amount of success .
They were able to travel large distances , well beyond their planned lifetimes .
But we 're hoping that with our baby , we 'll be able to go places that are actually much further . "
EXOMARS MISSION CONCEPT
Set to leave Earth in 2013 ; primary aim is to search for life Will launch on a heavy - lift rocket , such as the Ariane 5 Vented landing bags allow for a larger payload Rover will carry a 16.5 kg ' Pasteur ' instrument suite 30kg geophysics / environment static station also possible
This would study the weather and listen for ' Marsquakes ' Concept to cost Esa states more than first estimates
UK Mars rover hopes face set - back Evolution rolls on for Mars rover Each prototype has six - wheel steering , which means that they can turn all six wheels and crab sideways .
They also have what engineers describe as " wheel walking capability " .
This means that when the vehicles come across a particularly steep or slippery slope , they can anchor themselves with five of the wheels and inch each wheel forward one at a time , to crawl over an obstacle .
The prototypes have a unique intelligent navigation system which enables them to plot their own course .
Such is the distance between the planets , it can take 20 minutes for an instruction sent from Earth to arrive at Mars .
The delay means instant commands to change direction are not possible and so a rover must have autonomy to make decisions if , for example , it is approaching a dangerous precipice .
And because the rover will make its own decisions , it can also cover more ground .
ExoMars ' primary mission is to search for signs of past or present life .
To do that , it will make its way to locations thought most likely to support life and drill up to two metres into the ground .
Sub - surface soil samples will be analysed by an onboard laboratory .
The rover will have the largest array of scientific instruments to be taken to Mars .
So if it gets strong indications that organisms might be present , it will be able to subject samples to a wide range of tests to confirm initial readings .
But the executives at Astrium are concerned that after having done the groundwork in developing the vehicle systems ( the chassis , locomotion and navigation systems ) , the company might actually lose the opportunity to build the final flight vehicle .
It 's quite a tense period for us in Astrium and for the other companies involved in building ExoMars
Dr Ralph Cordey , UK Astrium
The concern stems from the recent funding difficulties faced by the Science and Technologies Facilities Council ( STFC ) , the agency which supports astronomy and space science in the UK .
The company won its role on the mission as leader of vehicle development partly because of the funding the STFC put through Esa .
But Astrium 's science business development manager , Dr Ralph Cordey , said that given the recent squeeze on British astronomy and space resources , he was now unsure if that same level of funding would continue .
" It 's quite a tense period for us in Astrium and for the other companies involved in building ExoMars ; and for all the many , many scientists who will depend on this mission , " he told BBC News .
" On the one hand , we are moving ahead with a great momentum , as you 've seen .
This is not a paper project - there is real engineering going on and we are on the verge of building the real hardware that will go on to the planet Mars .
The two prototypes were built by Swiss ( Top ) and Canadian ( Bottom ) partners " But on the other hand , we do have a real problem .
In order to complete the project , further funding needs to be made available and it wo n't be until November that we are sure that that is in place . "
The cost of ExoMars has risen dramatically since European space ministers first approved the venture in 2005 .
Revised estimates to be agreed next month with industrial partners mean the price for ExoMars will nearly double from its original 650 m - euro price tag .
If the UK wants to maintain its position on mission , it will have to boost its financial commitment to ExoMars or come to some other compensatory arrangement with Esa .
If the UK plays the wrong hand at the next space ministers ' meeting in November , UK Astrium warns , the contract to build the flight vehicle could go to a space company sited in another Esa member state .
The STFC said : " The UK will be working with its international partners to try to bring about a mission that has high impact and is affordable , in a process of negotiation that will culminate in decisions at the ministerial in November 2008 .
" Meanwhile , it remains a high strategic priority for the UK as emphasised previously . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
I wanted to post my experience here and get any feedback that was offered .
I think sharing the story will help me personally as is hard for me to currently swallow .
I wanted a career in the FBI since I was in college .
I graduated from college and enlisted in the US Army with a military intelligence MOS .
I served as a reservist and was deployed over seas .
I joined a police department and served for a couple years .
Then I started my application process to the FBI as a special agent .
I made it through the entire process including the Phase 2 testing , medical , the background check , and the polygraph .
I failed my initial PT test that would have sent me to adjudication .
I waited for over a year and drastically improved my physical fitness .
I also experienced some personal issues that kept me from continuing testing right away .
I got myself squared away and got my file reactivated .
I was reactivated and completed a medical update , a background update , and then found out I had to take another polygraph because mine was over two years old .
This did not worry me in the least as I had nothing to hide , and I had not had any problems with either my police polygraph or my previous FBI polygraph .
I went to the office and met the new polygrapher .
I took the polygraph and it did not go as the others had gone .
He told me I had problems on some of the questions .
He asked me why I would have responses and I told him I did not know .
One of the issues was alcohol use ( I do n't drink ) and the other was had I committed a serious crime ( I have not ) .
I explained to him when asked about crime , I think about many disturbing things as an experienced police officer in a big city .
He goes on a bit and asks me the same questions and tells me he will send it up to HQ , but he knows they will have issue with my results .
I leave and talk to the applicant coordinator a few days later who tells me I need to take it again because my test was " inconclusive " .
I ask if it is possible to get another polygrapher to take my next test , possibly the one who passed me on the original .
The coordinator tells me they will try and make that happen .
I get a call a few days later that another polygrapher is not available and I will have the same guy .
This worries me as I did not pass the first one and know I wo n't have anything different to say during my next polygraph .
I go to my next polygraph and it is absolutely a horrible experience .
I am a decorated soldier and police officer and I felt like I was a criminal by the end of this polygraph .
We sat down and talked prior to the test and then went through the questions one time .
Again the problem with the " serious crime " question .
He tries to get me to admit what is causing the problem with the question , which starts to anger me as I am telling the truth .
He goes and leaves the room for 10 minutes then comes back and says we have to go through the questions again .
We do this .
I apparently have the same reaction to the serious crime question again as he starts a rudimentary and simple interrogation about what I have done .
I am getting mad and tell him I have not committed any crimes .
I explain to him a thought that popped into my head during one of the questions about crime , relating to a work related use of force incident on duty at the police department .
It was an emotionally charged incident for me that I thought about during the polygraph and that particular question .
He starts asking me why I did not disclose this before hand .
I explain it was something that happened in an every day work situation that was within the scope of my duties and that it had been properly documented at the PD .
He tells me he wants me to write it out on an addendum to my SF - 86 .
I write it out clearly , articulating the incident , and that he had asked me to write it down .
He then moves into a chair seated to close in my personal space and starts a very rookie interrogation of me , trying to get me to admit a crime I did not commit .
I was angry during the questions but after found it amusing he would try that on someone who has interrogated and interviewed my share of suspects , victims and witnesses .
I leave and get into contact with my applicant coordinator a few days later .
We have an interesting conversation about my polygraph and my polygrapher .
I explain what happened and ask for their opinion .
I also want to confirm that what I had written down was not an admission of any wrong doing but a note he asked me to write ( I made it very clear in the note what had happened and why I was writing it down ) .
I expressed my anger at the interrogation ( I understand it was part of the process ) .
The coordinator tells me in not so many words that there are good and not so good polygraphers .
During my conversation I am given the impression there have been many complaints about this polygraphers from applicants in my area .
I ask what happens if I got another inconclusive result .
I though the coordinator told me I would get a retest .
Three weeks go by and I get a ding letter .
My letter says I was not selected because there were more qualified applicants .
It also says that I was not denied a security clearance and good luck to me .
It was from a security element at HQ .
I was stunned .
I have a friend who was recently dinged on the FBI process after his polygraph and his letter said told him not to contact the FBI , gave him the process for appeal , and let him know how to request his file using the freedom of information act .
I do n't know what the differences in the letter means but it sounds like he was rejected for failing the poly .
Did I fail the 2nd polygraph ?
Can the polygrapher add his two cents into a recommendation failing me ?
Would they go through the trouble of three years of testing , after I had already passed one of their polygraphs to fail me because of a seemingly troubled new polygrapher gives me two inconclusive results ?
Why would they not take the step to try it with another polygrapher , as they had already spend so much time , energy and money to get me to this spot at the end ?
As you can imagine I am very disappointed and a little disgusted .
I need to contact my applicant coordinator one last time to ask about the letter I received .
Can anyone answer any of my questions ?
Offer any advice ?
How many qualified people that should be protecting all of us from unseen threats are denied the opportunity because of an idiot sitting in front of a box who probably has not been in combat in a foreign land on behalf of their country or on the street in the city arresting violent offenders ?
Are you kidding me ?
The current consensus is that while U.S. banks are hopelessly riddled with mortgage junk , crafty foreign banks have more or less escaped the asset - backed peril .
Is that right ?
Maybe not .
The Federal Reserve has released a paper that discusses foreign exposure to assets backed by U.S. mortgages .
The conclusion is that the Fed has no idea how much foreign banks will lose on their US real - estate bets , except that it will be a lot :
we predict that foreigners would ultimately lose $ 75 billion on their holdings of ABS backed by U.S. assets ...
Then again , the mark - to - market losses stemming from a price markdown in all foreign - held ABS can be as much as six times larger using a 20 percent price markdown .
$ 450 billion ?!
Holy gargantuan write - down , Batman !
But how can a relatively modest increase in the markdown rate produce such a huge difference in losses ?
When potential buyers are unsure of the composition of assets underlying the securities and unsure about what parts of the chain will bear the losses , their uncertainty brings down prices as if each security in a repackaging chain contained bad collateral and would bear the loss .
The illiquidity
caused by this uncertainty induces further downward pressure on prices .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Oil rose on Monday as Tropical Storm Gustav formed in the Caribbean , stirring concerns that it could disrupt oil and natural gas output in the Gulf of Mexico as it moves northwest .
An oil tanker nears the Trans - Alaska Pipeline Marine Terminal in Valdez , Alaska , August , 9 2008 .
REUTERS / Lucas Jackson
Gustav , the seventh tropical storm in the Caribbean this season , was expected to strengthen and bring hurricane conditions to parts of the Dominican Republic and Haiti within 24 hours .
U.S. crude settled up 52 cents at $ 115.11 a barrel after falling more than 5.4 percent on Friday in the largest one - day slide since December 27 , 2004 .
Brent crude gained 11 cents to settle at $ 114.03 a barrel .
Two of seven forecast tracks show the storm heading toward the Gulf of Mexico , where the United States has a high concentration of oil and natural gas production .
Four show it heading toward Guatemala , Belize or the Yucatan Peninsula .
Packing winds near 60 mph as of 2 p.m. EDT , Gustav could strengthen into a hurricane prior to moving over land , the U.S. National Hurricane Center said .
The storm was located about 225 miles south - southeast of Port au Prince , Haiti , moving northwest near 14 mph on Monday afternoon .
“ The session was lackluster and was looking for direction when news of the upgrade of Gustav came in and all of a sudden prices rose , ” said Gene McGillian , analyst for Tradition Energy in Stamford , Connecticut .
Further support on Monday came from ongoing tension between the West and Russia over Georgia and expectations that oil exporter group OPEC , which meets on September 9 , could trim production should prices fall further .
Russia ’s parliament unanimously approved resolutions on Monday calling for the recognition of two rebel regions of Georgia as independent states , a move likely to worsen already strained relations with the West .
Moscow ’s military intervention in Georgia has disrupted some shipments of Azeri oil through Georgia .
Iran ’s oil minister said on Monday he expected OPEC to work on preventing the falling trend in crude prices and also to study oversupply in the market when it meets on September 9 in Vienna .
Venezuela said on Friday OPEC should consider cutting oil production at the meeting if it decides that recent price declines constitute a sustained downturn .
An OPEC source , however , said , the cartel is likely to keep oil output policy unchanged .
Saad al - Shuwaib , the chief executive of Kuwait ’s state oil firm , said the OPEC - member is pumping around 2.5 million barrels per day ( bpd ) of crude oil and aims to boost capacity to 3 million bpd in the first half of 2009 .
Oil has tumbled from a record high over $ 147 struck in July on growing signs demand in the United States and other consumer nations has faltered due to surging fuel costs .
Our jasmine pearl green tea is premium quality green tea hand rolled into pearls before being scented by seasonally harvested fresh jasmine blossoms .
A top quality and popular Jasmine Pearl Tea to savour .
Package : 50g & 100g
Jasmine scented green tea : Premium green tea loose leaves scented by high quality jasmine blossoms .
A bouquet of refreshing green tea flavor and elegant Jasmine perfume .
Package : 50g & 100g
A quality green tea organically produced & scented by seasonally harvested jasmine blossoms .
A product of the elegant refreshing aroma of green tea and fresh jasmine blossoms combined , built on the supreme health benefits of an organic green tea .
Green tea leaves are rolled with an orange color blossom into a large ball , and then scented by jasmine flowers .
A spectacular jasmine flower tea , best served in glass pots and great for dinner parties .
A premium quality fine Chinese black tea scented by seasonally harvested fresh jasmine blossoms .
Thus jasmine black tea is a product of the elegant and refreshing aroma fresh jasmine blossoms combined with the rounded flavor and smooth texture of a fine black tea .
A must try for the jasmine tea lovers .
This is a jasmine scented green tea :
A fragrant and refreshing loose jasmine green tea made of premium green tea leave scented by jasmine blossoms .
Packaging size : 50g & 100g .
Green tea leaves are rolled with a chain of jasmine blossoms into a large ball , and then scented by jasmine .
Another highly visual and scented jasmine flower tea .
Green tea leaves are rolled with jasmine blossom and a bright yellow daisy into a large ball , and then scented by jasmine .
Green tea leaves are rolled with dry carnation flower into a large ball , and then scented by jasmine .
Buy Jasmine Tea online
We offer the premium quality finest loose leaf jasmine tea , sourced from China .
Our range includes jasmine pearl tea , green tea with jasmine , jasmine ball tea , organic jasmine tea and jasmine black tea .
Jasmine pearls can be used in teapots or mugs .
Jasmine blooming tea balls are larger and generally used in tea pots .
Other names for Jasmine Tea :
Jasmine pearl , Buddha 's tears , dragon pearl , jasmine green tea
Jasmine scented green tea - a unique green tea from China
Traditionally , premium Chinese green teas are not blended to maintain purity and uniqueness - similar to premium wines .
Jasmine tea however is quite unique however , with the sweet fragrance of jasmine blossom discovered to enhance and preserve various teas , as well as adding a special touch of elegance .
Jasmine scented tea has therefore become an unique tea blend with it own right .
How our fine Jasmine green tea and Jasmine black teas are made
Jasmine tea production is a labour intensive and occurs during mid summer when Jasmine is blooming :
Green tea or black tea use to make the jasmine tea are first prepared .
Jasmine flowers are then harvested under strict conditions : only the unopened buds are harvested ( already open blossom have already released their perfume , therefore not desired ) , harvesting takes place only in the afternoonwhen it is sunny and not within 3 days after a rain .
Jasmine blossoms are then spread under the shade and turned over regularly to make sure the blossoms are in their prime conditions for later use , which is to open and release the maximum level of perfume .
Jasmine blossoms are then mixed with the green tea or black tea during the night , carefully monitored , temperature controlled and constantly adjusted by turning over the mixture of tea and jasmine blossoms mixture .
This process continues throughout the whole night .
Jjasmine tea processors hardly sleep at night during this season .
The tea leaves can soak up to 20 % of the moisture from the fresh jasmine blossoms during the process .
Thefore tea leave are now baked again to reduce the moisture to the normal level .
A premium Jasmine tea requires the above process repeated 6 - 9 times for the intense Jasmine perfume to be thoroughly infused into the teas .
The effect is a soothing tea with an elegant jasmine aroma combined with the refreshing aftertaste of green tea or black tea .
For information on preparation and storage of Jasmine Tea , please visit : Jasmine tea preparation and storage guide .
A School Board 's Education September 19 , 2008 03:31 MST
There is a certain sequence that is common to flare - ups involving religious antievolution advocacy .
First , there is some starting event , where people raise some form of antievolution as appropriate to insert into a science curriculum in some manner .
Second , there is some notice of this .
Third , other parties bring those involved up to speed on the state of religious antievolution .
Fourth , the initially enthusiastic advocates of religious antievolution desist or are overruled .
Note that I said common .
Most of the cases of religious antievolution intersecting with public K - 12 education resolve fairly shortly .
If they do follow this common pathway , one usually has no more notice of it than that initially given to the problem .
It is when a case goes pathological that it may become well - known , as in the cyclical antievolution of the Kansas state school board , the long - term antievolution advocacy of the Tangipahoa Parish school board , or the spectacular self - destruction of the Dover Area School District .
Even intermediate cases demonstrate how readily our attention passes on to extreme cases , as shown by the flirtation the Darby , Montana school board had with “ intelligent design ” creationism a few years back .
Darby was set to provide that first lawsuit over “ intelligent design ” creationism that it seemed the Discovery Institute was spoiling for , but the community had its elections for the school board before a policy was implemented , and the voters elected people who were not amenable to the IDC program .
In North Carolina , the Brunswick County School Board recently demonstrated steps 1 through 3 of the common sequence of religious antievolution advocacy .
A speaker before a school board meeting suggested that creationism should be taught in the public school science classes .
The members of the school board showed a certain initial enthusiasm for the suggestion .
A reporter filed an article laying out how those events happened , plus the useful information that all the school board members favored including creationism in the science curriculum , and that even their legal counsel initially thought that they might do so legally if creationism supplemented but did not displace evolutionary science there .
Shortly thereafter , another article reported on the response to those events at the state level , where it was noted that various legal precedents said that the course of action contemplated by the Brunswick County School Board was plainly unconstitutional .
What we do n’t know yet is whether the Brunswick County School Board case will follow the common sequence and give up the idea of explicit inclusion of religious antievolution in the public schools , or whether this case will progress in a pathological way toward giving certain religious doctrines privilege by government authority .
I go into some of the possible outcomes at the Austringer .
I 'm a heavy tabbed browsing user - I have around 30 tabs open in my day - to - day Firefox profile all the time .
Since the day Firefox 3 was released , I 've noticed Firefox progressively getting slower with this particular Firefox profile ( I use a different profile for web development ) .
When it got to the point where changing tabs took a noticeable pause of 1 - 2 seconds , I tweaked some of Firefox 's session store and history preferences and now things are blazing fast again .
Here 's what you can do :
Go to about : config in Firefox .
Type in " session " in the " Filter " box .
Edit browser.sessionhistory .max_entries - this is the number of pages stored in the history of your browsing session .
Basically these are pages that can be reached using your Back and Forward buttons .
The default is 50 - I reduced it to 20 .
Edit browser.sessionhistory.max_total_viewers - this is the number of pages that are stored in RAM so that they are n't re-processed by Firefox 's rendering engine .
This is what allows you to go Back to a page in Firefox and have it load almost instantaneously .
The number of pages stored actually depends on the amount of RAM on your machine ( see this ) .
I reduced this to 4 ( I have 2GB RAM ) .
Edit browser.sessionstore.max_tabs_undo - the number of tabs you can restore after closing them ( you can do this with Ctrl / Cmd - Shift - T ) .
The default of 10 is more than I really need , so I reduced it to 3 tabs .
Edit browser.sessionstore.interval - Firefox saves your session after every 10 seconds by default .
I changed this to a more conservative 30000 milliseconds .
You can read more about these preferences and more at the MozillaZine Knowledge Base .
If you 've any tips on how to improve Firefox 's performance , be sure to share !
As a simulation of evolution from single - cell organism to space - faring civilisation , Will Wright feared his latest creation , Spore , would draw criticism from religious groups .
But so far , the game 's creator has revealed , the portrayal of religion in the game has only drawn the ire of angry non-believers .
Wright told Eurogamer : " I think our bigger fear was that we did n't want to offend any religious people ; but looking at the discussion that unfolded from this thing , what we had was a good , sizeable group of players that we might call militant atheists , and the rest of the players seemed very tolerant , including all of the religious players . "
Life in Spore is created according to the theory of panspermia - which hypothesises that it has been seeded on Earth from elsewhere in the universe .
But it 's the mere presence of religion in the game 's civilisation stage that has raised hackles amongst some in the gaming community .
" I did n't expect to hit hot buttons on the atheist side as much ; I expected it on the religious side , " Wright revealed .
" But so far I 've had no critical feedback at all from anybody who is religious feeling that we were misrepresenting religion or it was bad to represent religion in the game .
It was really the atheists . "
He added that early objections from team members enabled the studio to iron out any potential areas of conflict early on .
" We have a number of team members that are pretty religious , " he continued .
" And so in design , on the team , in our small , little microcosm of players out there , we tried our best to make sure we were n't overtly offending any religious people , but yet we wanted to include the idea , the concept of religion in the game . "
Wright , however , who described himself as an " atheist " , insisted that with Spore he was not trying to pronounce on the issue one way or the other :
" We did n't want to go too far down that path : we leave the whole creation of the universe question open , " he said .
" Obviously as the player you 're coming in and playing something like a god , directing the evolution of a species , but we never really state who you the player are . "
Spore is due out on PC and DS on 5th September .
You can read the full interview with Wright on Eurogamer today .
Weather aids fourth day of search for Santa Rosa couple ’s missing plane
Favorable weather Friday allowed planes to resume their search for a Santa Rosa couple that went missing Monday night shortly after they flew their single engine aircraft out of Truckee - Tahoe Airport bound for Petaluma .
Five Civil Air Patrol search planes launched Friday morning and scoured a section of the Sierra Nevada mountain range in search of Mark and Brenda Richard ’s Socata TB - 20 .
Officials estimate it disappeared five minutes after leaving the 5,900 - foot elevation airport in Truckee at about ? 4 p.m. Monday .
The Civil Air Patrol planes , hampered by bad weather Thursday , conducted both visual an photographic searches for the couple ’s aircraft in an area 18 miles northwest of Truckee .
Aircraft from both the CHP and state Air National Guard joined in the search , while numerous other agencies conducted ground searches .
“ The improvement in the weather today is allowing us to visually search areas of interest identified from the more than 3,000 images collected in prior days , ” said Maj .
Jim Anthony , the Civil Air Patrol ’s incident commander .
The Civil Air Patrol said it would continue its search possibly through the weekend .
You can reach Staff Writer Martin Espinoza at 707-521-5213 or martin.espinoza@pressdemocrat.com .
On Twitter ?@renofish .
For the longest time I thought the black sinewy thing on Olympic beach volleyball player Kerri Walsh 's shoulder was either a confused Alien face sucker , a horny spider , a bad tattoo decision ( a la Mike Tyson ) , or all of the above .
Turns out I was way off , and it 's actually Kinesio athletic tape from a company in Albuquerque .
And upon further inspection , the hype surrounding the $ 15 tape appears justified , and goes way beyond helping athletes .
In addition to gracing the shoulder of one of America 's finest looking athletes , the Kinesio tape also boasts magical properties , like the ability to assist and support muscles without inhibiting a joint 's range of motion .
Kinesio tape has actually been around for a while , and is available for a range of uses , but it took the modern - day Olympic games ( and the right " spokeswoman " ) to see orders shoot up from 250 a month to 1,600 in a weekend .
John Jarvis , director of Kinesio USA , says the tape has graced the bodies of Tiger Woods , Serena Williams , countless baseball and football players , and cycling superman Lance Armstrong .
Advertisement
Surprisingly , Forbes notes that athletes comprise only 10 % of Kenesio USA 's customers .
The largest market is pediatrics , where doctors have been helping children deal with neurological disorders for the past 25 years .
With disorders like cerebral palsy , for example , the tape is used to help strengthen weak muscles .
Kerri
Walsh is great and all , but that 's the real reason I can get behind this product .
[ Forbes ]
Originally , this question was going to involve how often you bring a laptop to coffee shops , but when I discussed it with our own Jason Chen , he revealed to me that he always wondered what people do when they inevitably have to go to the bathroom .
Immediately I realized that was a far more entertaining and thought provoking angle .
Seriously - what do you do when you have a laptop open and you have had multiple cups of coffee ?
Do you pack everything up and bring it in the bathroom with you ?
Do you take a chance and leave it sitting on the table ?
Or do you simply wait until you are finished working ?
Advertisement
Gawker Media polls require Javascript ; if you 're viewing this in an RSS reader , click through to view in your Javascript - enabled web browser .
Advertisement
On a related note , have you ever spent a minute or two counting the people using a laptop in your local Starbucks ?
DavidJr.com did .
He walked into 10 locations in NYC and started counting .
I have to admit that the results are kind of surprising .
Hit the link to check out the vid .
[ David Jr ]
the Evolution of a Roller Coaster Souvenir Photo
The art of taking a great souvenir poster while on a roller coaster is a time honored tradition .
Since my first time ever riding a roller coaster back at Opryland ( It was n’t the greatest park but I miss it much ) I have always had this strange fascination with not only riding coasters but taking great souvenir photos as well .
Possibly the most famous ( at least to my knowledge ) is the quite creative “ Playing Chess while on a Roller Coaster ” shot , inspired by xkdc .
( I should mention this modification on the chess coaster comic … though I ’m not sure if the chess game or the woman not noticing is funnier . )
The only other quite humorous and creative coaster photo involves extreme knitting , very impressive .
Personally though , I do n’t like sneaking props on ( though I have thought about some Jedi light sabers … ) so we always try to use what we have , or lack thereof .
One of the earliest photos I can remember buying was from “ Thunder Run ” at Six Flags Kentucky Kingdom .
We bought this not only because the little kids in row 3 started following us and became corrupted ( see chubby stomach in the back ) , but also because we were happy to still have prefect abs .
We ’ll call this shot “ the corruption of youth ” .
Through the years I advanced my trade , this time including my wife on the shot .
This time on the newly constructed “ Goliath ” at Six Flags Over Grorgia .
I really like this shot despite the face she look to be having too much fun to be believably strangling me .
Still , I think this was the 10th time or so we rode it that day … not really sure how healthy that is but who cares … it was fun .
We ’ll call this one “ what did I do ? ”
And most recently , I decided to return to Kings Island to get this very clever shot on “ the Beast ” !
Now to me , you know you ’ve done something special when you return to the photo booth at the end of the day and the attendant say “ I memorized your number , this is the best photo I ’ve seen in a while ! ”
This photo was only made better by the fact that everyone has their hands up for “ the holdup ” .
I ’ve got more ideas and while I ’m not so on board with the whole Souvenir Onride DVD ’s yet , it might be fun to perform Hamlet or something while on some rides .
Honestly , a great shot takes time and at least a little planning .
Often you have to ride multiple time to get one that ’s worth keeping .
And I am curious , am I the only one who has this obsession with Roller coaster souvenir photos ?
Surely some of you out there in internet world have some awesome Roller Coaster photos .
Nothing vulgar or tasteless , but something cool and creative that will make people laugh for a moment .
Got some photos ?
Leave us a link here or post them in my new flickr group for Roller Coaster Souvenir Photos .
May the games begin .
Lian Li XB01 : quieter DVD playback but gaming still loud
With the ink on an extended warranty to cover Red Ring of Death incidents only just dry , it might seem crazy to take apart your XBox 360 – voiding the guarantee in the process – and decant the contents into a new casing .
That ’s what Lian Li are suggesting , however , with their XB01 Cooling Chassis ; bit - tech have just had theirs in the mail , and set about getting their donor 360 naked to post some first impressions .
It ’s a mixed bag , from the sound of it , and how helpful the XB01 will be to you depends on what exactly you use your XBox 360 for .
The console is apparently silent without a disc present and much quieter when playing back DVDs , but as soon as a game is in it ’s back to the usual turbine - hall noise levels .
Until Microsoft allow for games to be played from the hard - drive , or someone comes up with a way to fool the 360 into accepting a quieter DVD drive , it looks like we ’re stuck with the noise .
In terms of the XB01 itself , build quality is reported as fair though not up to the usual Lian Li standards .
bit - tech describe it as being “ built to a cost – a very reasonable cost ” and lacking the “ usually high Lian Li level attention to detail ” .
Whether it ’s worth $ 150 remains to be seen .
Watch the films online here !
( The American English version contains many subtitles )
Clicking on the language of your choice will bring up the player .
Click on the triangle in the center of the screen to start chapter 1 .
With these icons , from left to right , you can choose the chapter , choose subtitles , choose the video quality , watch later , watch in YouTube , and watch fullscreen .
Deutsch American English Français Español Italiano 日 本語 Pусский العربية
The English language films are also available at Isallaboutmath.com , Julio de la Yncera 's site .
The case of Kiranjit Ahluwalia set a legal precedent in 1992 Proposed reforms of the law on homicide in much of the UK could change the way a murder charge is reduced to manslaughter .
They would see the partial defence of provocation scrapped and replaced with two new ones .
These would be if someone killed over fears about serious violence , or if they could show they were " seriously wronged " by the victim 's actions .
The law changes would apply to England , Wales and Northern Ireland .
Attorney General Baroness Scotland said they would bring the law " up to date " .
Under the plans , the partial defence of diminished responsibility would also be abolished and replaced with a new defence based on " recognised medical conditions " .
Adultery ' no excuse '
The partial defence of " fear of serious violence " could be used by long - term domestic abuse victims , arguing they were forced to kill their abuser .
And in " exceptional circumstances " a defendant could successfully claim they killed in response to words or conduct that left them feeling " seriously wronged " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The Ministry of Justice said someone could not claim to be " seriously wronged " if they found out their partner was having an affair , whereas adultery can count under the current provocation defence .
A spokeswoman said the existing law " is designed to cater for anger killing , but it is not significantly well tailored for killings that are a response to fear " .
Justice Minister Maria Eagle said : " For men and women who kill their partners , these changes will mean that the letter of the law finally catches up with judges and juries , who in recent years have been less prone than people think to let men off lightly and punish women harshly .
" However , in order to be fair they 've had to stretch the law to its limits . "
The minister said the proposed partial defence of long - term abuse marked a " substantial change " , although she stressed that the government " would not want to introduce anything that would allow cold , calculating killers to get away with it " .
To my mind , there will be some suspicion that this consultation on changing the homicide law is more about gender politics than it is about murder
BBC's Mark Easton
Read Mark Easton 's blog Cases that tested murder laws Tidying up the murder law ' mess '
Reaction to murder law reforms Erin Pizzey , a veteran campaigner for women 's rights , said of the plans : " I 'm appalled by it , because I think ' thou shalt not kill ' has been with us since the time of Moses .
" It 's so important that we do n't in any way upset the concept that to kill another human being is the most terrible thing you can do . "
Barrister Geoffrey Robertson , QC , told the BBC that the proposals did include " sensible " changes but that they did not address all of his concerns , including the mandatory life sentence for murder .
He said : " Any mandatory sentence is unjust because it does n't distinguish between the terrorist and the gangland executioner and the mercy killer at the other end of the scale , who maybe does n't deserve to go to prison at all , but has to be sentenced to life imprisonment , and the domestic killings . "
The plans face public consultation before new legislation is introduced .
They follow a 2006 report from the Law Commission which made wide - ranging recommendations for changes to legislation .
The Scottish government said it has no plans to make changes to this area of criminal law , but the Scottish Law commission is looking at the defences of provocation , self - defence and coercion .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Bob Geiger :
While Senator Russ Feingold ( D - WI ) and a panel of distinguished legal and historical experts pondered what Feingold called " the wreckage that this President will leave " on Constitutional issues , Senator Sam Brownback ( R - KS ) took umbrage primarily with the title of the hearing , " Restoring the Rule of Law . "
Amazingly , that objection in yesterday 's Senate hearing was based on Brownback 's utter shock that anyone would think the Bush - Cheney crew has done anything to break the law in the last seven years .
" I have to take some question about the title of the hearing and the testimony offered by some of our witnesses here today is both clearly intended to imply that President Bush and certain members of the administration have undermined or even eviscerated the rule of law , " said Brownback .
" I have to take issue with the premise .
Clearly there is a wide range of opinion as to how the president has conducted the war against terrorism over the past seven years -- I give that . "
" At the end of the day the fact that these sort of disagreements exist in no way demonstrates that our nation is somehow subsisting in a lawless state .
And I do n't believe that it 's helpful for even really productive to claim that it is . "
Thoughts and Essays on Systems and Software Engineering
The www.divine-heart.org/intuitive/
webpages have been permanently moved to intuitive.vpinf.comClick here to go to the new Intuitive home page if you are not automatically redirected .
John McCain will tell you that if you ’re against government bailouts of the private sector , he ’s your man .
But check out McCain ’s track record on the three major bailouts engineered by the Fed this year alone :
John McCain , on the Bear Stearns bailout ( March 2008 ) :
“ Asked whether the Fed went too far in helping Bear Stearns , McCain said : “ It ’s a close call , but I do n’t think so . ”
He said he does n’t support federal bailouts unless it has catastrophic effects on the entire financial marketplace and there were indications that a Bear Stearns failure would have rippled across the entire economy . ”
McCain , on the Freddie Mac / Fannie Mae bailout ( July 2008 ) :
“ With combined obligations of roughly $ 5 - trillion , the rapid failure of Fannie and Freddie would be a threat to mortgage markets and financial markets as a whole .
Because of that threat , I support taking the unfortunate but necessary steps needed to keep the financial troubles at these two companies from further squeezing American families . ”
McCain , earlier this week on the AIG bailout :
“ Now on the bailout itself , I did n’t want to do that .
And I do n’t think anybody I know wanted to do that .
But there are literally millions of people whose retirement , whose investment , whose insurance were at risk here .
They were going to have their lives destroyed because of the greed and excess and corruption . ”
Fair enough .
But here ’s what McCain had to say about bailouts just this morning :
U.S. Republican presidential candidate John McCain admonished the Federal Reserve Friday to get out of the business of bailouts and get back to managing money supply and protecting the purchasing power of the dollar .
“ The Federal Reserve should get back to its core business of responsibly managing our money supply and inflation , ” the Arizona senator told a group of business leaders in Wisconsin , an electoral battleground state .
“ It needs to get out of the business of bailouts . ”
Once the Fed gets through with all these bailouts McCain is supporting , it better get back to its real business !
Posted on September 26 , 2008 in Articles
1. Introduction
The property rights school , a dominant philosophy in development strategies pursued by donor agencies , asks for the rapid legal institutionalization of private property that will theoretically move economies towards pareto efficient uses of resources and expand growth .
However , pursuit of property stabilization as a means to a growth strategy is deleterious , as brisk institutionalization of private property regimes proved disastrous in a development context and created additional social pressures leading to humanitarian catastrophes .
Further , in the history of the countries that now comprise the ‘ developed world ’ , property stabilization was an elongated , bloody transformation that accompanied hundreds of years of conflict , demographic shifts , intricate adjustment , and political alteration .
To expect a swift , fastidious , and peaceful transformation during property rights stabilization in light of recent history in Rwanda , Nepal , and across the developing world has shown to be not only myopic and intellectually dishonest , but dangerous as well .
2. Why Property Rights Stabilization as a Growth Strategy ?
“ Countries with better institutions , more secure property , and less distortionary policies will invest more in physical and human capital , and will use these factors more efficiently to achieve a greater level of income ” ( Acemoglu , 1369 )
The property rights school is closely aligned with neoclassical fields objective of growth through liberalization of markets in developing countries .
For those seeking property rights stabilization , this typically means moving towards the final objective of privatization of property .
Theoretically , property rights stabilization will reduce transaction costs and risk , thus increase investment , growth , and aggregate social welfare .
In the words of Bates , “ because the formation of capital spans time , the decision to invest entails risk ” , so the minimization of risk will stimulate long - term growth ( 22 ) .
This will be an efficiency maximizing outcome , implying that the framework is neutral as regards to distribution and economically efficient ; i.e. , simply , unconcerned with distributional inequality as long as net social welfare increases .
The privatization of state enterprises will also be an efficient advancement , as public enterprises are believed to have poorer performance than private enterprises ( Boycko 309 ) .
Analysis stems from the idea that private enterprises are relatively more productive because public enterprises “ address the objectives of politicians rather than maximize efficiency ” ( Boycko 309 ) .
In essence , public enterprises lack the responsiveness , flexibility , and accountability that make private businesses competitive and profitable because they are inhibited by political motivations .
Further , Boycko references several studies that highlight the higher costs of public versus private service in America , the inferior profitability of state relative to private firms in Mexico , and the across the globe phenomena of private firm efficiency ( 309 ) .
Privatization of public enterprises will remove the political problem by reducing information politicians have , which will lead to reduction of subsidies , decrease the enticement for corruption , and enhance incentives for restructuring ( Boycko 310 ) .
The critical agency problem is of politicians rather than managers , and “ privatization works because it controls political discretion ” ( Boycko 318 ) .
Empirically , researchers like Acemoglu have correlated long - term growth with property rights stabilization .
Former colonies with higher rates of European settlement are seen to have a strong emphasis on private property rights that have facilitated the industrial rise of countries such as America , Australia , and New Zealand ( Acemoglu 1370 ) .
By removing public enterprise and creating a legal framework for private property , developing nations should see ‘ overall efficiency improve after privatization ’ ( Boycko 309 ) .
Succinctly , for Acemoglu and others , this means pursuing an economic policy that attempts to replicate the institutional success of the ‘ neo - Europes ’ into the developing world ( 1370 ) .
3. The Theoretical Shortcomings of Property Rights as Growth
“ The real problem with the GKI and World Bank positions is that by failing to identify the real protagonists in possible future conflicts , these models are not even assisting the initiation of a political debate . ” ( Khan , 77 )
Theoretical considerations of property rights stabilization suffer from several disparities and gaps in their conceptualization .
In the paradigm of stable property rights , the argument is one of historical prevalence of economy efficiency , rather than a more historically visible political or social process riddled with contestation .
While Demsetz and Coase see an economic outcome arising from the economic man , property rights have proven to be an unequal distributive process that often lowers social welfare .
The functionality of property rights stability is seen as a cause of , instead of an outcome of , capitalist growth .
However , the emergence of stable property rights more properly should be seen as coincidental with advanced capitalism in Western countries , rather than creating growth in its own right .
In the arguments of Barzel and other property rights thinkers , property right stabilization will drive efficiency through profit seeking which investment and technology drives .
However , in the developing world , political rent seeking – in the form of corruption , strikes , legal manipulation , and other institutional maneuvering – may be more accessible and cheaper than investing in technology to attain the same level of returns .
This situation will inherently mean individuals will invest in political in lieu of technological investments to raise their outputs .
Criticism of this fallacy extends to the institutional and bureaucratic capability of developing countries successfully to enact such expansive reforms .
As Bates concisely remarks , “ Too often , in the developing world , politicians fail to induce the selection of policies that offer attractive prospects to investors and institutions too rarely impose limits upon those who would use power to prey upon the wealth of others ” ( 107 ) .
Perilously , the factions that emerge to compete for this political capital are often be divided along the colonial era fault lines , creating the potential for the explosively brutal situations the world has repeatedly witnessed in Rwanda , Malaysia , and across the developing world .
In the conclusion of the property stabilization process , total social welfare should theoretically rise from adjusted incentives , reduced transaction costs , and improved economic growth .
However , raised social welfare may derive from the relative increase of welfare of the few at the expense of the many , where prior wealth may be the main determinant of property distribution in ‘ reformed systems ’ .
Class antagonisms will inherently increase , and in the words of Khan , “ this is hardly surprising since those who stand to lose from system change are hardly likely to be comforted by the fact that society in aggregate will be better off ” ( 7 ) .
The explicit process of land privatization and redistribution is extremely delicate for those in the developing world , especially sub -Saharan Africa , where the majority of the population engages in small or subsistence agriculture .
Redistribution of lands will often leave those reliant on agriculture for basic needs landless and further disempowered , hence more prone to conflict mechanisms for grievance reconciliation .
The framework suffers in general from trying to apply complex processes witnessed in the developed world that are historically and socially misinterpreted .
This is reflected in the reliance by theorists on utilizing recent examples in the West – inefficiency of public sector in America and Boycko ’s ‘ success stories ’ of privatization reformers in Great Britain and the Czech Republic – to justify instituting a like policy in the developing framework .
By focusing on the policies of the West , the complexities and realities of the developing world are discounted to the detriment of the property stability model and the developing nations such thinking is thrust upon .
4. Empirical Examples : Property Stabilization for the Developing World
“ Aggressively championing plans for rapid economic development , political elites in the developing world used their control over the economy to organize the polity , distributing patronage in order to stay in power …
The politics of patronage gave way to democracy , on the one hand , and on the other , political violence . ” ( Bates 100 )
Stabilization efforts in developing countries often undermines social cohesion , traditional and local balances , and ignites conflict , stemming from externally - imposed policies that lack indigenous legitimacy and effective internal enforcement mechanisms .
Still grappling with ineffective governance and multifarious remnants from colonialism , developing countries can lack the appropriate institutional or social frameworks to enact such far - reaching property stabilization programs .
The privatization of property often leads to the demonopolization of violence in developing nations , creating a militarization that Bates terms as “ the private provision of coercion providing security only within the penumbra of violence ” that “ can work , it can produce peace , but the peace it produces is unstable ” ( 47 , 49 ) .
Indeed , examples used from the past by the privatization school , specifically Acemoglu , typically disclude the experience of original habitants of the success stories of colonial history , such as the near - genocidal treatment of Native Americans in the Americas or the aboriginals in Australia .
In the following cases , government efforts became empty legalities without appropriate and corresponding enforcement mechanisms , leading to inefficient economic outcomes , environmental degradation , intense society - wide violence , and propelling a Wild West mentality to land , resources , and other humans .
4.1 Property Stabilization and Conflict : Rwanda in the 1980 ’s and 1990’s
Rwanda in the late 1980 ’s pursued agricultural commercialization in conjunction with a privatization strategy under the tutelage of the World Bank , a significant measure as 92 percent of the population worked in the agricultural sector ( Storey 52 ) .
The program resulted in increasing levels of land inequality where richer elements were able to amass larger land holdings at the cost of mass displacement of large segments of rural population ( Storey 54 ) .
Low levels of violence riddled the transformation from the onset , where the lack of enforcement or observational mechanisms allowed a milieu where violence and coercion determined property rights .
By 1994 , 25 percent of the population was landless , one in six were affected by famine , kilocalorie production per farmer decreased by 25 percent , and even in areas untouched by violence , PCGDP had fallen by 35 percent a year ( Storey 50 , 54 ) .
Following rural collapse , the system of hierarchical structure through tribes , exploited by Belgian colonization , reemerged and strengthened as political factions in the Rwandan democracy ( Storey 36 ) .
This manifested itself through group confrontations between Hutus and Tutsis .
Land hunger became a motive factor in the social sanctioning of conflict and political contestation that took on an increasingly ethnic coloring ( Storey 54 ) .
In the words of Storey , “ inequality , and its corollary – landlessness , certainly added to the situation of what Uvin terms ‘ structural violence ’ from which more direct violence then flowed ” ( 54 ) .
The subsequent political collapse and civil war was directly attributed to the adjustment program by thinkers like Chossudovsky , who witnessed “ a state administrative apparatus in disarray , state enterprises in bankruptcy , and the total collapse of public services ” , leaving little room for peaceful negotiation or alterations .
While the property adjustment program does not capture the entirety or complexities of causation of the Rwandan genocide , it does illustrate that pressures stemming from property stabilization programs can often unleash violent and uncontrollable consequences .
4.2 Environmental Consequences of Property Stability : Nepal
Since attempts to nationalize forest areas began in 1957 , Nepal has shifted from nationalization to semi-privatization to local management , only to return fully to the community based management system in the past decade after severe environmental depletion .
Forestry represents the dominant land use system with 29 percent of land covered by forest , with an additional 10 percent covered by shrub ( Acharya 150 ) .
Forests are an integral part of the farming system and are heavily depended on for subsistence farming by providing multiple functionalities , including animal fodder and bedding , firewood , agricultural implements , and timber for building ( Acharya 2 ) .
More than 80 % of the population depends on subsistence farming , meaning forests are important from a socio-cultural and economic standpoint ( Acharya 149 ) .
Shift in policy began in 1957 when forests were nationalized as an attempt by the Nepalese government to maximize resource utilization to widen the tax base and increase food production ( Gautam 136 ) .
Though a massive bureaucracy was created and stringent laws were promulgated , the nationalization process lacked local enforcement apparatuses .
Subsequently , massive deforestation and environmental ruin occurred ( Gautam 136 ) .
After the apparent failure of the nationalization experiment , Nepal moved into a quasi- privatization program in the mid-1970’s .
Acharya evaluates the system of privatization in Nepal as imbalanced and prone to manipulation , saying “ privatization is more conducive to dominancy of forest properties by members of the elite , though centralized methods also may limit participation , misappropriate power , and not address concerns of poor and marginalized groups ” ( 10 ) .
Privatization also appears to have lowered incentives for sustaining what were once shared resources and unveiled an open access mentality to the forests .
Forest resource conditions in areas privatized are relatively worse compared to those in collective or centralized institutional arrangements ( Acharya 10 ) .
From 1979 to 1994 , Nepal lost approximately 14 percent of forest and shrub cover ( Gautam 142 ) .
In the past decade , Nepal has moved to a community forestry program that empowers user groups to regulate local forestry , reminiscent of the indigenous systems in place before 1957 ( Gautam 146 ) .
This has met with several successes , including reversing the deforestation process , institution building , and economic benefit to local people , as a result of what Gautam views as “ institutions built upon established systems of authority ” that allowed for successful monitoring and enforcement mechanisms ( 146 ) .
Indeed , for the first time in three decades , the annual rate of change in forest and shrub cover has increased ( Gautam 142 ) .
In a process that spanned five decades , Nepal enforced a range of property stabilization techniques , only to learn that various attempts to institute policy without sufficient local legitimacy proved malevolent to environmental and economic outcomes .
4.3 Property Right Stabilization — At What Cost ?
Alterations to property carried out en masse , whether privatization or nationalization , lead to an unequal redistribution of rights often politically disadvantageous and socially volatile .
Indeed , while Nepal ’s and Rwanda ’s experiences do not typify the occurrence of property stabilization , the property stabilization program is one that largely has failed to bring substantive and positive change to the developing world .
When one reflects that in developing nations , subsistence agriculture is often the main occupation of most inhabitants , enforcing privatization can mean depriving households of basic livelihood .
Contestation and conflict over this ‘ advancement ’ does not seem exceptional but rather inevitable .
Where Bates says ‘ insecurity is far too often the norm ’ that maintains underdevelopment , it is ironic that such property security programs have continued to destabilize states and hinder growth .
In essence , asking regimes lacking in institutional legitimacy in developing nations to carry out vast economic programs will necessarily lead to unstable outcomes .
5. Conclusion
Though an important long - term goal , stabilization of property rights is a tenuous process that requires precision , time , and most importantly , legitimacy deriving from the appropriate backing of local and regional enforcement mechanisms .
Property stabilization advocates , having misunderstood the history of the industrial world ’s own great transformation , mistakenly believe that the application of such schemes can be replicated in the developing framework in the interest of economic development .
While Western aid agencies and the property rights school may show a disinterest in the social processes that accompany the private property transition , destabilizing social and political processes will accompany the enactment of property stabilization efforts in the developing world .
Recent history has shown that attempts to alter property rights through structural adjustment programs can lead to environmental dilapidation , political fracture , and mass violence .
The moral implications and human costs of such policies are far too real and tangible to allow property stabilization measures to continue as a foundation for growth strategy in developing nations .
Sources
Acemoglu , D. , Johnson , S. and Robinson , J. A. ( 2001 ) .
The Colonial Origins of Comparative Development : An Empirical Investigation .
American Economic Review .
Vol. 91 ( 5 ) : 1369-401 .
Acharya , K.P. ( 2002 ) .
Private , Collective , and Centralized System of Institutional Arrangements in Community Forestry in Nepal .
Presented at “ The Commons in an Age of Globalisation . ”
Acharya , K.P. ( 2002 ) .
Twenty - four Years of Community Forestry in Nepal .
International Forestry Review .
Volume 4 ( 2 ) .
Barzel , Yoram .
Economic Analysis of Property Rights .
Chs. 5 - 6 .
Bates , Robert H. Prosperity and Violence : The Political Economy of Development .
W.W. Norton .
Bluffstone , R.A. ( 1995 ) .
The Effect of Labour Market Performance on Deforestation in Developing Countries under Open Access : An Example from Rural Nepal .
Journal of Environmental Economics and Management , Vol. 29 , 42-63 .
Bowles P and X -Y Dong ( 1999 ) .
Enterprise Ownership , Enterprise Organization , and Worker Attitudes in Chinese Rural Industry : Some New Evidence .
Cambridge Journal of Economics Volume 23 ( 1 ) : 1 -20 .
Boyko , M. , Shleifer , A. and Vishny , R. W. ( 1996 ) .
A Theory of Privatization .
Economic Journal .
Volume 106 ( 435 ) : 309-19 .
Clague , Christopher .
Institutions and Economic Development : Growth and Governance in Less Developed and Post - Socialist Countries .
Coase , R. ( 1960 ) .
The Problem of Social Cost , Journal of Law and Economics 3 ( 1 ) : 1- 44
Gautam , AP. , Shivakoti , and Webb. ( 2004 ) .
A Review of Forest Policies , Institutions , and Changes in Resource Condition in Nepal .
International Forestry Review .
Volume 6 ( 2 ) .
Hussein , K. , Sunberg and Seddan ( 1999 ) .
Increasing Violent Conflict between Herders and Farmers in Africa : Claims and Evidence .
Development Policy Review .
Vol. 17 , pp. 397-418 .
Khan , M. H. ( 2004 ) .
Power , Property Rights and the Issue of Land Reform : A General Case Illustrated with Reference to Bangladesh .
Journal of Agrarian Change .
January and April 4 ( 1 - 2 ) : 73-106 .
Storey , Andy ( 1999 ) .
Economics and Ethnic Conflict : Structural Adjustment in Rwanda .
Development Policy Review , Volume 17 .
See Related : Hey Korea , You May Miss Being a “ Developing ” Country … , Adriatic Institute vs. the World Bank , When Financial Institutions Collapse , State - Sanctioned Incitement to Genocide : What Can Be Done ? , International Aid Transparency Initiative , Himalayan region to adopt environment - friendly technologies , Poverty and Inequality , Poor in Developing Countries are Victims of Our Mistakes ( Development Impacts of Financial Crisis ) , and Rich to pay the poor to preserve forests ?
[ tags ] property rights , economic development , growth strategies , development , third world , transitioning , capitalist development , world bank , Washington consensus , PWC , political economy , institutional growth , institutions , nepal , rwanda , genocide , environmental degradation , environmentalism , privatization , stabilization [ / tags ]
Bill Anderson
LRC Blog
September 19 , 2008
The great Benjamin Anderson once wrote that prices should be permitted to " tell the truth , " but apparently people at the Securities and Exchange Commission have decided that the Big Lie is the better course of action .
The Big Lie is that stock prices should be held artificially high at any costs , something the SEC is trying to do by banning short - selling .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) —
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission took what it called " emergency action " on Friday and temporarily banned investors from short - selling 799 financial companies .
The temporary ban , aimed at helping restore falling stock prices that have shattered confidence in the financial markets , takes effect immediately .
Short sellers borrow stock with the aim of selling it , then buy it back at a lower price , hoping to pocket the difference .
The commission said short sellers add liquidity to the markets during normal conditions , but recent unbridled short selling has contributed to the recent tailspin in the stock market .
" The commission is committed to using every weapon in its arsenal to combat market manipulation that threatens investors and capital markets , " said SEC Chairman Christopher Cox in a statement .
" The emergency order temporarily banning short selling of financial stocks will restore equilibrium to markets . "
The last line is a howler worthy of Paul Krugman ’s twice - weekly missives in his New York Times column .
The SEC is not " restoring " equilibrium ; it is preventing equilibrium .
It seems that policy makers are making the same terrible errors committed by the Hoover and Roosevelt administrations during the 1930s .
( The Daily Kos , a popular Democratic blog , is calling for a " New New Deal . "
Frankly speaking , we are not rid of the old New Deal . )
The government wants us to believe that the real problem is falling prices , so if the government can prop up prices of assets by any means , then it is doing us a favor .
Remember that Carl Menger wrote in his wonderful Grundsatze that " all things are subject to the law of cause and effect . "
Indeed , Menger ’s words live here ; falling prices are an effect , not a cause .
Short sellers and others who are helping to drive down asset prices are restoring the markets to their natural equilibrium , not preventing it .
Unfortunately , the SEC is channeling Hoover and FDR , and they are preventing the economy from recovering .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
More Bank Failures
by Doug French by Doug French
DIGG THIS
“ There will be more bank failures , but nothing compared with previous cycles , such as the savings - and - loans days , ” Sheila Bair , chairwoman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp . ( FDIC ) , said in an interview recently after $ 32 billion IndyMac was seized by Bair ’s organization .
The IndyMac failure is the second largest in history behind the failure of the $ 41 billion Continental Illinois National Bank back in 1984 .
What took Continental down and led to the biggest bank bailout in US history is the primary focus of Irvine H. Sprague ’s Bailout : An Insider ’s Account of Bank Failures and Rescues .
The author spent over eleven years at the FDIC as Chairman and Director and oversaw 374 bank failures during his tenure .
He retired in 1986 and penned Bailout the same year .
And although the book is n’t new , the FDIC insider chronicled the events of four bank bailouts while his memory was fresh .
Unfortunately , he left the bank regulator just midway through the crisis .
From 1982 to 1992 , over 2,000 financial institutions failed .
Maybe his point of view might have changed had he been around for all the failures .
Sprague clearly outlines the FDIC routine when a bank is about to fold .
The practice evolved in the 1980 ’s when the deposit insurer was facing “ an avalanche of failures . ”
First there was a secret , kept under lock and key , “ probable fail ” list that was updated weekly .
These were banks that were thought to have a high probably of collapsing in the coming 90 days ( reportedly , IndyMac was not on this list ) .
Once a bank makes the list , a determination is made if the bank can be sold , which is the preferred solution according to Sprague .
Next , bid packages are prepared .
“ What is offered for sale is all deposit liabilities , insured and uninsured , together with the good assets of the bank , usually including the bank building itself and certain performing loans in the bank , ” describes Sprague .
Other healthy banks make bids for the failing institution , sans the problem assets .
Preferably , the acquiring bank is twice the size of the failed institution and is well capitalized .
The agency determines a minimum premium it will accept , and if the highest bid exceeds that number , that bidder will be opening the doors of their newly acquired branches on Monday after news of the failed bank is announced on Friday .
For instance , The Topeka Kansas - based Columbian Bank and Trust was closed by regulators last Friday , becoming the ninth failure this year , but its nine branches opened on Monday as Citizens Bank and Trust based in Chillicothe , Missouri .
As the author points out the sales ( shotgun weddings ) are the easy ones .
Unfortunately , there are not always bidders , even with the FDIC stripping out the bad loans .
And the bulk of the book is spent chronicling ( often tediously ) the bailouts of Unity Bank , Bank of Commonwealth , and First Pennsylvania Bank , leading up to Continental rescue .
In all cases the “ essentiality doctrine ” was invoked , although for different reasons .
The regulator was worried about race riots in 1971 if the tiny $ 11.4 million minority - owned Unity Bank was allowed to fail , while Continental was judged simply as “ too big to fail . ”
But Continental did n’t hit the skids without help .
Sprague spends a chapter on a little Oklahoma City bank called Penn Square that started the dominos tumbling .
Penn Square grew from $ 62 million to over half a billion in assets in five years aggressively lending to the oil and gas industry .
At the same time the bank sold over two billion in loan participations to Seafirst in Seattle and Continental , along with other banks .
When oil prices tanked , so went the loans , and in turn the banks .
Of course not all banks are regulated by the FDIC .
The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ( OCC ) supervises national banks .
The Office of Thrift Supervision ( OTS ) regulates thrifts .
The Federal Reserve oversees bank holding companies and some banks , while the FDIC regulates most community banks .
Plus , state government regulators are involved .
So , as one would guess , there are turf battles aplenty according to Sprague .
With all of this regulating going on , one wonders how anything could ever go wrong .
But ultimately , the FDIC is the entity that provides the deposit insurance , so it does the liquidating , even if the failing bank has another primary regulator .
Writing back in 1986 , Sprague claimed at the end of Bailout that the deposit system was " still strong , " and that the FDIC sticker means ; " insured depositors can still sleep easily and because of that a lot of bankers can sleep easily , too . "
But remember , savings and loans used to proudly display the FSLIC ( Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation ) sticker representing the entity that supposedly stood behind those deposits .
But the FSLIC went bust despite repeated taxpayer capital infusions , including $ 15 billion in 1986 and nearly $ 11 billion in 1987 .
Before the end of the decade the deposit insurer was finally judged hopeless and abolished , with the responsibility of savings and loan deposit insurance transferred to the FDIC .
Now , the " IndyMac failure is expected to reduce the FDIC ’s designated reserve ratio for its deposit insurance fund to less than 1.15 % , " according to a report by A.M. Best Research .
So , the FDIC must scramble and quickly develop a plan to increase its reserves to a whopping 1.25 % of insured deposits that the law requires .
As Murray Rothbard explained in The Case Against the Fed , business firms cannot be insured , and especially not fractional - reserve banks .
" If no business firm can be insured , " Rothbard wrote , " then an industry consisting of hundreds of insolvent firms is surely the last institution about which anyone can mention u2018insurance ’ with a straight face . "
One wonders if chairwoman Bair held a straight face when she penned the conclusion to the FDIC ’s Depositor Bill of Rights : “ The banking system in this country remains on a solid footing through the guarantees provided by FDIC insurance .
The overwhelming majority of banks in this country are safe and sound and the chances that your own bank could fail are remote .
However , if that does happen , the FDIC will be there — as always — to protect your insured deposits . ”
Doug French Archives
The Best of Douglas French
Romantic , retro , restless ... a mood set by black - and - white pictures of the Burberry fall 2008 ad campaign .
Photographed by Mario Testino , the ads feature Rosie Huntington - Whiteley , called by the British press " the new Kate Moss " , and former pop-singer , now film actor , Sam Riley posing as a couple with a certain history .
The Kensington Gardens in a cold , foggy morning are used as dramatic setting .
These pictures remind me a little of the classic 70s drama flick Love Sory ... but maybe I 'm too sentimental .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission took what it called " emergency action " Friday and temporarily banned investors from short - selling 799 financial companies .
The temporary ban , aimed at helping restore falling stock prices that have shattered confidence in the financial markets , takes effect immediately .
" This will absolutely make a difference , " said Peter Cardillo , chief market economists at Avalon Partners .
" Short sellers are going to have to cover their positions very heavily . "
Short sellers borrow stock with the aim of selling it , then buy it back at a lower price , hoping to pocket the difference .
The commission said short sellers add liquidity to the markets during normal conditions , but recent unbridled short - selling has contributed to the recent tailspin in the stock market .
" The commission is committed to using every weapon in its arsenal to combat market manipulation that threatens investors and capital markets , " said SEC Chairman Christopher Cox in a statement .
" The emergency order temporarily banning short selling of financial stocks will restore equilibrium to markets . "
Cox said the action " would not be necessary in a well - functioning market , " and is just one of many actions being taken by the government to jump - start the embattled financial markets .
The SEC also said it would temporarily ease restrictions on companies ' ability to repurchase their stock , and force money managers to report their short positions in certain stocks that are not included in the 799 banned companies .
Some market observers have also blamed short sellers for the punishing declines in bank stock prices over the past few days .
Critics of short sellers have argued that some had been spreading rumors about a company while " shorting " the stock in order to drive the price lower .
" In the marketplace , we need both sides of the equation , " Cardillo said .
" But the relaxed regulation of the SEC has led to abuses of short selling that have destroyed many , many companies . "
As panic began to permeate the financial markets , many investors took short positions on already battered financial companies regardless of the news that came out of the companies or the government .
For instance , investment banks Morgan Stanley ( MS , Fortune 500 ) and Goldman Sachs ( GS , Fortune 500 ) reported better - than - expected earnings Wednesday , but dropped significantly in trading .
" This decision will squeeze the shorts , " Cardillo added .
" Now , if there is any good news , shorts will have to cover . "
The ruling comes after the SEC decided Wednesday to ban the practice of so - called " naked " short - selling , in which investors short the stock without actually borrowing it .
On Thursday , Britain 's Financial Services Authority also temporarily banned short - selling for financial companies .
The SEC said it is consulting the FSA in the matter .
The newest Mario Kart Wii tournament went live a few days ago , but unfortunately , some participants took it upon themselves to hack their way to the top .
Two racers have submitted ludicrous times – 0.004 and 0.609 seconds .
Immediately upon looking at these results , one would quickly surmise that the results would not have been able to have been achieved through ethical means .
Also , one of the hackers has gone so far as to dawn the name “ [ email protected ] ”
This is not the first time the Mario Kart Wii online system has been hacked .
Previously , people began to exploit the Time Trials system to earn impossible times .
Nintendo was able to root out and take care of cheaters , so it is expected that Nintendo will take similar action with this latest issue .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
More
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Google
Pocket
He said : " On the one side we are educating children about the importance of healthy eating so we could not really be seen to be providing chocolate which is obviously not healthy eating .
Well … it ’s back - to - school time .
Wait . ( blink , blink . )
I thought it was still June .
Unfortunately …no .
I ’ve been desperately working on getting in the school mode , but I ’m just in such denial that my sweet “ baby ” girl is going to be gone , all day , five days a week !
We ’ve had major discussions about lunchtime and what she would like me to pack .
Our school is so - so on nutritious meals , but our daughter has chosen to be a “ brown bagger . ”
However , that ’s in name only because we ’ve taken lots of steps to insure that she wo n’t be creating too much waste at lunchtime .
In fact , an interesting little stat I found on Greenopia : “ An average kid using disposable lunch wrappers generates 67 pounds of waste per school year . ” …
YIKES !
So , to our “ low - / no- waste ” lunch plan .
Buy a lunchbox .
There are so many cool ones to choose from , kids can certainly find one to love .
Buy a reusable bottle and / or thermo .
No matter what beverage you choose , it will accommodate … and there wo n’t be any disposable bottles / boxes to throw away later .
No paper napkins .
A quick stop at the dollar store and we have cloth napkins to last her a week .
Buy a cheap set of silverware .
No need to toss plastic in the trash daily .
Or , if you use plastic , wash & reuse .
NO Ziplocs or plastic baggies .
Like I mentioned before , I bought a bunch of small containers for the kids ’ foods and snacks , so these will accompany her to school each day !
I was concerned that within the course of weeks the containers , thermoses , etc. would get left behind at school and never find their way back to us , but I discovered a great product from Stuck On You .
They are vinyl name labels that can be placed on all of these items and they are waterproof , microwave - and dishwasher - safe ( so you wo n’t be replacing name labels with every washing ! ) .
Our daughter ’s are pink with flowers and she LOVES them .
They have tons of other great products too ( labels , tags , and a great starter pack ) if you want to check them out .
So , as I venture into a teary - eyed send - off to our daughter , I at least know that when the year ends , there wo n’t be 67 lbs. of trash in a local landfill with her name on it .
Click to viewWith The Dark Knight set to follow Hancock , Wanted , The Incredible Hulk and Iron Man into the theaters and hearts of cinemagoers worldwide , it seems that this really is the summer of movie superheroes .
But what about Will Smith 's earlier attempt to be a superhero and all the other superhero also - rans that did n't quite make it onto film ?
Under the jump , we look at five superhero movies that we 're relieved did n't make it to a first day of shooting .
Advertisement
The Mark : Rob Liefeld 's near - mythical movie for Will Smith ( First announced in 1997 ) possibly disappeared due to worries over its similarity to Marvel 's Star Brand series ( which is , itself , a rip - off of DC's Green Lantern ) : Smith was to play an average joe who would end up with ultimate power that he did n't want , thanks to a mysterious brand that is magically " transferred " to his body from the corpse of a Confederate soldier .
The pitch meeting probably went like this : " Picture this , Will .
You have this mark on your hand , right ?
And you 're looking at it , wondering what it is , and then it has this laser blast that comes out of it and blasts through a wall in your apartment . "
" Can I look at the hole in the wall and say ' Awww hell naw ' ? " " Sure . " " I 'll do it ! "
Advertisement
Warcop :
In 1993 , Madonna wanted to star in another movie , and thought that she 'd make a good superhero .
She asked Spawn creator Todd McFarlane to come up with an idea for her , and Todd - wanting nothing to do with it - gave the idea to Grant Morrison , who came up with a pitch involving a Judge Dredd - esque futuristic space cop who traveled in time back to the present day to catch a particular perp .
In one of her last good career moves , Madonna decided against the project , but Grant apparently did n't ; the title , at least , is about to be used for one of his new comic books .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Iron Fist : Is this adaptation of Marvel Comics ' kung - fu fighter anything more than a hopeful dream for The Phantom Menace 's Darth Maul , Ray Park ?
The stuntman - turned - actor has been talking about the perpetually - upcoming movie version of Danny Rand for more than half a decade now , and the movie has had multiple co-stars , directors and screenwriters attached at various points in its history but seems to be getting no closer to actually being made .
This can only be a good thing , because it just increases the likelihood of teaming the character up with ( the similarly movie - cursed ) Luke Cage to give us the Power Man And Iron Fist movie the world needs to see .
Advertisement
Green Lantern :
One of the greatest near - misses in cinema history is the fact that fan outcry halting pre-production of Jack Black 's comedy movie version of DC 's space cop superhero a few years ago .
Hearing Jack talk about what we could 've seen in an alternate world is enough reason to be grateful :
I was going to be making all kinds of stuff ...
I was going to be capturing bad guys with green , giant prophylactics .
Some funny stuff .
Advertisement
To everyone who complained loudly enough to stop this movie being made :
Thank you .
Advertisement
Spider - Man : I know , I know ; you 're all thinking " Wait , did n't they make Spider - Man ?
I 'm pretty sure I 've seen a Spider - Man movie . "
But I 'm not talking about the Sam Raimi version ; I 'm talking about Jim Cameron 's mooted early '90s version that would had a villain that kissed his girlfriends to death , a personality - less Sandman as afterthought thug , and Peter revealing his secret identity at the end of the movie to a surprisingly unimpressed Mary Jane .
There 's no doubt that it would 've made a cool - looking special - effects bonanza , but it had none of the heart or quirkiness of Raimi 's version .
Friday August 29 , 2008 ( foodconsumer.org ) --
Associated Press today reported an interesting piece of news - a federal appeals court said Friday that the Bush Administration can prohibit meat packers from testing their cows for mad cow disease .
The reason ?
The court said testing of mad cow disease in dead cows is a diagnosis and diagnosis is part of treatment , The Associated Press reported .
Disease treatment is under the control of the United States Department of Agriculture .
So USDA has the right to disallow the testing .
The dispute was brought to U.S. appeals court by USDA after it lost the case in a low court to Creekstone Farms Premium Beef , which wants to test mad cow disease in all animals that intend to be used for beef .
Creekstone Farms exports its beef to Japan , which repeatedly asks its trade partner to test mad cow disease because Japan tests each and every cow before its meat is placed on the market .
Creekstone agrees to test animals whose meat is intended for the overseas market .
But the USDA early said that private organizations have no right to conducting any test on their slaughtered cows .
One argument of the company brought to court is that testing is not treatment .
Because there is no disease treatment involved , the USDA does not have the jurisdiction to intervene .
And a low court sided with Creekstone saying the company can conduct its testing .
Big meat packers oppose any testing of beef .
They have said if Creekstone Farms does the testing , then they would have to follow suit to conduct their own testing which would result in an increase in the retail price for beef .
However , an early survey showed that consumers welcome mad cow disease testing and are willing to pay an extra for the safety .
Police struggle to explain why loner shot Dem chairman Associated Press
Published : Thursday August 14 , 2008
Print This Email This Police and neighbors are struggling to explain why a man described as a loner drove more than 30 miles to Arkansas ' Democratic Party headquarters and fatally shot its chairman hours after losing his job .
Police said Timothy Dale Johnson , 50 , of Searcy , barged into Bill Gwatney 's office on Wednesday and shot him multiple times .
There were no signs that Gwatney and Johnson , who was later shot dead by officers , knew each other .
A Target store in Conway fired Johnson early Wednesday because he had written graffiti on a wall , police said .
A Target statement Thursday said Johnson " voluntarily quit " and did give any details .
Target said Johnson was an hourly employee at the Conway store , who had " no history of behavioral or performance problems at Target . "
" In the preceding days , he worked his regularly scheduled shifts without incident , " the company said in a statement .
Before noon Wednesday , Johnson was in Gwatney 's office in Little Rock with a handgun .
" He said he was interested in volunteering , but that was obviously a lie , " said Sam Higginbotham , a 17 - year - old volunteer at the party 's headquarters .
After the shooting , Johnson sped away in a truck , stopped seven blocks away at the Arkansas State Baptist Convention and pointed a gun at the building 's manager , police said .
When asked what was wrong , the gunman said " I lost my job , " according to Dan Jordan , the church group 's business manager .
Officers chased the suspect to Sheridan , 30 miles south of Little Rock .
After avoiding spike strips and a roadblock , the suspect emerged from his truck and began shooting at deputies and state troopers , who returned fire .
Johnson later died at a hospital .
Police found two guns in the truck .
Little Rock police Lt. Terry Hastings did n't say what the men discussed after Johnson entered Gwatney 's office but said it was not a heated exchange .
" They introduced themselves , and at that time he pulled out a handgun and shot Chairman Gwatney several times , " he said .
Police said they could find no criminal record for Johnson .
" If he 's got a record , it 's minor , " Hastings said .
Because of his position in the state party , Gwatney was a superdelegate to the Democratic National Convention this month in Denver .
He declared his support for Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton after the Arkansas primary in February but endorsed Barack Obama after Clinton dropped out of the presidential race .
Clinton and her husband , former President and former Arkansas Gov. Bill Clinton , issued a statement calling Gwatney " not only a strong chairman of Arkansas ' Democratic Party , but ... also a cherished friend and confidante . "
Obama said : " Michelle and I are heartbroken to hear about the tragic loss of Chairman Bill Gwatney .
We 're praying for his family and friends and all who worked with him and loved him . "
Johnson lived alone and had never been married , said Helen Mowrer , who lived next door to the gunman .
Mowrer said both of Johnson 's parents had lived at the house , but they died in the past 10 years .
Mowrer said Johnson kept to himself .
" I never felt really comfortable with him , " Mowrer said .
" He was just kind of different . "
Another neighbor said investigators visited her home Wednesday to talk about the suspect .
Loretta Jones said her only contact with Johnson had been the three or four times she complained to him about his dog .
" It makes you wonder what got into somebody to do something so horrible , " Jones said .
According to Conway police spokeswoman Sharen Carter , Target fired Johnson before 8 a.m. Wednesday because he had written on a wall .
A manager had called police because of an " extremely irate " employee , Carter said .
The graffiti , including " Target is run by dumb jocks and sorority b------ , " had already been cleaned and Johnson had left by the time officers arrived .
The state Capitol was locked down for about an hour until police got word the shooter had been captured , Arkansas State Capitol police Sgt. Charlie Brice said .
Democratic and Republican party officials said their offices would remain closed until Monday .
A wreath featuring an elephant and donkey figures stood outside the Democratic headquarters Wednesday evening .
" Bill Gwatney was our friend , our party 's leader , and so many times our party 's conscience , " the party said in a statement .
" Our state and our party are better for all that Bill Gwatney has done . "
Gov. Mike Beebe , a Democrat who served with Gwatney in the state Senate , joined a vigil at University Hospital after what he called a " shocking and senseless attack . "
Gwatney was Beebe 's finance chairman during the 2006 campaign , when Democrats swept all seven statewide offices .
" Arkansas has lost a great son , and I have lost a great friend , " Beebe said .
" There is deep pain in Arkansas tonight because of the sheer number of people who knew , respected and loved Bill Gwatney . "
Karen Ray , executive director of the Republican Party of Arkansas , sent her workers home after the shooting " out of an abundance of caution . "
" He was an admirable Arkansan and gave so much to this state and his party , " GOP chairman Dennis Milligan said .
In a statement , Target spokeswoman Brie Heath said the company was " profoundly saddened by the senseless loss of Chairman Bill Gwatney . "
DETROIT  Mayor Kwame M. Kilpatrick was sent to the county jail on Thursday and will spend at least one night there as punishment for violating his bond .
Mr. Kilpatrick is fighting perjury and other felony charges , but has refused calls to resign .
Judge Ronald Giles of the 36th District Court in Detroit ordered that the mayor be jailed because of a visit he made on July 23 to Windsor , Ontario , on the opposite shore of the Detroit River , for what he said was city business .
The mayor ’s lawyers sought an immediate appeal , but the Circuit Court judge who will take up the matter put off a hearing until Friday morning .
Mr. Kilpatrick , 38 , apologized at length to Judge Giles for violating the terms of his bond , which required court approval for any travel outside of Michigan , and he promised that he would not make such a mistake again .
Manage your markup with has_markup
I recently decided to extract some plugins , in an effort to clean up the codebase for my blog .
The first thing I tackled was generation of HTML from my Post model .
In the beginning …
Here ’s the starting point for my model :
class Post < ActiveRecord :: Base # --- SNIP --- # TODO move into own file ... and plugin ?
def self .
validates_markdown ( * attrs ) validates_each ( * attrs ) do | record , attr , value | begin BlueCloth .
new ( value ) . to_html unless value .
nil ?
rescue BlueCloth :: FormatError => e errors .
add attr , " has #{ e } " end end end validates_presence_of : content validates_markdown : content before_save : cache_content # Use BlueCloth to generate HTML ahead of time .
def cache_content html = BlueCloth .
new ( self .
content ) . to_html self .
cached_content = html end # --- SNIP --- end
validates_markdown really does n’t belong here , and nothing interesting is happening , but the lines of code start to add up .
Let ’s look at the partial for Post .
%div { : id => dom_id ( post ) , : class => dom_class ( post ) } % h2 . title = link_to ( post .
title , post ) .content ~ post.cached_content
Eh , nothing particuarly interesting .
Goals
One - liner for specifying markup , similar to has_many or acts_as_taggable
or Optionally require the markup
Optionally cache the markup
Allow for different syntaxes
A whole new look on things
I was able to extract the logic out of my model and hit all of these goals .
The refactored model :
class Post < ActiveRecord :: Base # --- SNIP --- has_markup : content , : required => true , : cache_html => true # --- SNIP ---
end
And the view is more or less the same :
%div { : id => dom_id ( post ) , : class => dom_class ( post ) } % h2 . title = link_to ( post .
title , post ) .content ~ post.cached_content_html
Thoughts
Plugins are really easy to make
Plugins can pull a good amount of code out of your model , which results in it being more readable
I think I finally understand the difference between include and extend
Get it
If you ’re interested in trying this plugin , it is hosted on GitHub .
You can install it by with :
Thousands gather for RNC protest Associated Press
Published : Monday September 1 , 2008
Print This Email This ST .
PAUL , Minn . ( AP ) --
About 10,000 protesters waving peace sign flags rallied at the state Capitol on Monday before an anti-war march to the Republican National Convention site .
Hundreds of police wearing bulletproof vests and carrying billy clubs stood by .
Preparing for disruptions from a self - described anarchist group , officers in riot gear were stationed along the march route .
The anarchist group , known as the RNC Welcoming Committee , was targeted in police searches over the weekend that resulted in six arrests .
The group , which did not organize Monday 's march , said in a written statement that it was " moving forward with a national call to crash the convention . "
At the rally , a 25 - foot - long ice sculpture rose 3 feet in the air and spelled " Democracy . "
Some protesters flew kites , waved American and peace - sign flags and carried homemade anti-war signs .
Police said they were prepared for anything during the march , which organizers hoped would attract 50,000 people .
" We will not tolerate lawlessness in the city of St. Paul , " St. Paul Police Chief John Harrington said .
Peace activist Steve Clemens , 47 , from Minneapolis said he was disturbed by the number of police .
" But we can't control that , " said Clemens , who had already been arrested once - for crossing into a restricted area during a march Sunday .
For Monday 's rally , he was planning to be part of the Minnesota Peace Team , a group that hoped to prevent confrontations between police and protesters .
Cheri Honkala , a national organizer for the Poor People 's Economic Human Rights Campaign , said she expected violent confrontations between anarchists and police .
" I just hope it does n't get bloody , " she said at a news conference shortly before the march was to begin .
Her group was planning a nonviolent march on Tuesday with acts of civil disobedience .
One of the six arrested over the weekend on probable cause of conspiracy to commit a riot was released Sunday , according to attorney Bruce Nestor .
No charges were filed against the woman , 23 - year - old Monica Bicking .
The other five remained jailed , possibly until Wednesday , Nestor said .
---
A Post By : Natalie Norton
Pin It
In this classic DPS post ( now updated ) photographer Natalie explores 6 ways you can hand hold lenses at low apertures and low shutter speeds and still avoid blurry images caused by camera shake .
I ’m a mover and a shaker in general , and this is particularly true when I ’m on a shoot .
I ’m twistin ’ and turnin ’ , climbin ’ and jumpin ’ and to top it all off , I DO NOT have a steady hand , plain and simple .
As often as possible I opt for lenses with VR ( Vibration Reduction ) or IS ( Image Stabilization ) .
You pay a pretty penny for this feature .
For me , it ’s worth the extra cost , and for the point I ’m at in my photography it ’s a reasonable expense .
But that was n’t always the case , and what about uber slow shutter speeds with no tripod .
No IS or VR can hold up under pressure like that .
. . no matter how magical they may be .
. . and magical they are , trust you me .
6 Techniques to Reduce Camera Shake
Here are 6 options for avoiding camera shake and achieving crisp , delicious images no matter the length of the lens , no matter the shutter speed .
Shooting wide open ?
NO PROBLEM ; I ’ve got your back !!
Enjoy !
1. Elbows In
As often as possible pull your elbows in to your body and exhale completely before depressing the shutter .
When you ’re working with a wide aperture or low shutter speed ( or both ) , even a breath can introduce shake .
Pulling your elbows tight to your body can really help keep you steady .
I also press my elbows firmly into my chest for even greater stability .
2. Raise Your Left Shoulder ….
I am definitely a right eyed photographer , but this tip that I learned from “ The Moment It Clicks ” by Joe McNally , requires that I shift for a moment to my left eye .
What I ’m doing here is raising my left shoulder , and bracing my left elbow into my rib-cage ( no arrow for this one ) .
For further stability , you can pull your right elbow in to your chest .
As always , exhale completely before depressing the shutter to avoid introducing shake .
3. Create a Tripod With Your Knee
You can create your own tripod by resting your elbow on your knee while in a seated position .
Again , bring that other elbow in for greater support .
4. Lay Down
These two images illustrate perhaps the most obvious way to avoid shake without a tripod .
Lie flat and let the lens sit directly on the ground .
The problem with this is that you ’re likely to have quite a downward tilt to the lens and unless you ’re aiming to photograph the pavement , you probably wo n’t end up with the shot you ’re hoping for .
In the first image you ’ll notice that I placed my hand flat against the cement and balanced the lens on top of it to give myself some height .
In the second image you ’ll see that I created a fist with my hand to give myself even greater height .
5 . The Machine Gun Hold
This next technique is sometimes referred to as the machine gun hold .
I rarely use this technique as I find it awkward and difficult to maintain for more than a second or two .
Just because it does n’t work for me , does n’t mean it wo n’t for you .
. . give it a try .
6. Cradle It
In this next image you ’ll see that I created a sort of cradle for the lens between my shoulder and my wrist .
I also stabilized the hold by balancing my elbow on my knee .
Well there you have it .
That ’s how I avoid “ The Shake ” ( I ’ve named him that because he ’s like an evil monster who comes in and ruins my otherwise perfectly delicious images ) .
Please share YOUR tricks and techniques in the comment section below , and as always .
. .
Happy Shooting ! –
Get more daily tips like this one by subscribing to Digital Photography School
Further Reading on Camera Shake
Miguel Arteta and Miranda July ’s short film “ Are You the Favorite Person of Anybody ? ” and J. Lisa Chang and Newton Thomas Sigel ’s short adaptation “ The Big Empty , ” both from Wholphin No. 1 , have been selected as two of the first eight films appearing at the launch of YouTube ’s premiere Screening Room — the new curated section of high - quality short content on YouTube .
Another dozen Wholphin films have been selected to appear in the Screening Room throughout the year .
We ’ll keep you posted .
Be sure to browse through the new Downloads section on our website where you can now download - to - own high - quality films from all of the past issues of Wholphin DVD .
We will be adding more films to our catalogue continuously , so please check back .
I 'm not joking about this : in the wake of her catastrophic performance in the Katie Couric interview , Sarah Palin has set expectations so low that she is very likely to do " surprisingly " well against Joe Biden on October 2 .
That is , to seem more flustered and incoherent than she did against Couric , Palin would have to move herself into " Eagleton zone , " where her presence on the ticket would no longer be sustainable .
Any informed - seeming answer she gives will be her first such answer under press questioning -- which in practice means the Gibson and Couric interviews .
This is especially true if it's to a " but what about ....? " or " are you saying ...? " follow - up question .
Those follow - ups , from Couric , were the truly lethal ones .
Odds are that Palin will manage to handle at least one exchange of this sort , maybe more , and therefore show " improvement " and beat the expectations game .
Either that , or she and the ticket are mortally wounded .
London
THOSE who hope to taste dog meat when they visit Beijing for this summer ’s Olympics may be disappointed .
The Beijing Catering Trade Association has ordered all 112 designated Olympic restaurants to take dog off the menu , and has strongly advised other establishments to stop serving it until September .
Waiters have been urged to “ patiently ” suggest alternative dishes to customers who ask for dog .
It ’s all part of a wider campaign to avoid offending foreigners during the Games .
( Beijingers have also been told to line up nicely , to stop spitting and even to avoid asking tourists questions about their ages , salaries and love lives . )
The order is not likely to bother many residents .
Though dogs have been raised for food in China for thousands of years , you have to hunt around to find the meat on modern menus .
Certain regions , like Hunan and Guizhou Provinces , are known for their canine predilections  but even in these places , dog is a relative rarity .
And in Beijing itself , you hardly find it except in a few Korean and regional Chinese restaurants .
Dog eating , in any case , tends to be a seasonal pursuit .
According to Chinese folk dietetics , which classify every food according to its heating and cooling properties , dog is one of the “ hottest ” meats around , best eaten in midwinter , when you need warmth and vital energy , not in sultry August .
That eating dog is seen as an issue says more about Western preoccupations than Chinese habits .
Since time immemorial , Westerners have had a morbid fascination with the weird fringes of the Chinese diet .
Marco Polo noted with distaste that the Chinese liked eating snake and dog ; modern Western journalists just love to get their teeth into a juicy story about some revolting delicacy like the assorted animal penises served at the Guolizhuang restaurant in Beijing .
And for gung - ho foreign tourists , a skewerful of deep - fried scorpions in the night market in central Beijing has become a rite of passage .
Einstein Refrigerator Making a Comeback ?
September 22nd , 2008 by Max Lindberg
Albert Einstein is probably most remembered by the public for his General Theory of Relativity , but how many remember his 1930 invention of a refrigerator that used no electricity ?
I was n’t there when it was introduced , but I knew several people who had one , and they were n’t all that happy with it , primarily because it was n’t that efficient .
The idea was great , it operated without electricity , using ammonia , butane and water .
The principle being that water boils at a much lower temperature at high altitudes where air pressure is lower than it does when you ’re at sea level , where air pressure is higher .
Malcom McCulloch , an electrical engineer at Oxford University in the U.K. , is leading a team in a three year project to produce appliances that can be used in places without electricity .
Or , for that matter , places with electricity , why not ?.
That ’s when McCulloch latched on to Einstein ’s fridge idea .
Einstein ’s concept , shown in the image above , works thusly .
At one side is the evaporator , a flask that contains butane .
“ If you introduce a new vapor above the butane , the liquid boiling temperature decreases and , as it boils off , it takes energy from the surroundings to do so , ’ says McCulloch .
‘ That ’s what makes it cold . ”
But , like I said , it was n’t all that efficient and by the time Einstein died in 1955 , his invention had been replaced by the system we now use , a freon gas , or replacement , and a compressor run by electricity .
Freon has been linked to its eventual effect on the ozone layer above the South Pole , and has been phased out of use by the automobile industry in favor of less or non-polluting gasses .
To offset the use of electricity to operate the system , McCulloch is investigating the use of solar energy to operate a heat pump .
He says , “ No moving parts is a real benefit because it can carry on going without maintenance .
This could have real applications in rural areas . ”
The team is also tweaking the original design and replacing different gasses to improve efficiency .
Camfridge , a Cambridge - based start - up company , has a fridge that uses magnetic fields to cool things .
Managing Director Neil Wilson put it this way , “ Our fridge works , from a conceptual point of view , in a similar way ( to gas compressor fridges ) but instead of using a gas we use a magnetic field and a special metal alloy . ”
He went on to say , “ When the magnetic field is next to the alloy , it ’s like compressing the gas , and when the magnetic field leaves , it ’s like expanding the gas . ”
He added : “ This effect can be seen in rubber bands – when you stretch the band it gets hot , and when you let the band contract it gets cold . ”
The creation of greener refrigeration systems can have a huge effect on the environment and lifestyles of millions , as outlined by Greenpeace U.K Chief Scientist , Doug Parr .
“ If you look at developing countries , if they ’re aspiring to the lifestyles that we lead , they ’re going to require more cooling – whether that ’s air conditioning , food cooling or freezing .
Putting in place the technologies that are both low greenhouse - gas refrigerants and low energy use is critical . ”
How soon will a non-electric refrigerator or cooling system being humming .. or whatever it does .. at your place ?
McCulloch admits his fridge is in the very early stages .
“ It ’s very much a prototype ; this is nowhere near commercialised , ” he said .
“ Give us another month and we ’ll have it working . ”
Posts Related to Refrigeration
Refrigeration Goes Solar To Help The World
GE ’s Ecomagination : Green is Universal
GreenBuildingTalk : Energy Efficient Appliances
Tapping the Wind and Sun to Save Water
Image :
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
RED TAPE , WHITE LIES
The generation of the 60's was going to change the world .
We put flowers in guns , worked for charitable causes , sang and made love for peace and love .
We did get into power and now we are finishing .
What happened ?
Tessa Pinkus Spero , Gabriola , B.C. Canada
Because the people who believed in the new world did n't go into politics ; leaving the way clear for the grey people to take over .
Peter Brooke , By Kinmuck , Scotland
We had unprecedented access to good quality recreational drugs and trusted the revolution to those who chose not to indulge .
They did n't share our idealism but we did n't know that .
We were too busy getting stoned and screwing in the name of peace .
Doh !
Jon Burfitt , Nailsworth , UK Fear not , comrade , we shall rise again .
Older but wiser and more knowledgable .
C. Alexander Brown , Rockcliffe Park , Canada Margaret
Thatcher and her ideological heir , Anthony Blair , got into power .
" We " did n't .
Richard Saffron , London Age .
Every generation thinks it invented sex , humour , idealism etc .
As we get older we see there are no simple , big solutions and so do n't just make everything better .
If it was that easy the generation before would have done it .
Pete , Cambridge , UK
The generation of the 60s grew up and realised that it was just idealistic rubbish which does n't work in the real world .
The 60s generation has done more to mess up the world than any other in the last 200 years .
Mike Dodd , Wallasey , UK
We changed it .
Do n't you like the result ?
Danny Martin , Arbroath , Angus
We grew up .
Gareth Graham , Bristol , UK
The short version :
Those with real influence got very twitchy during the '60s - conscious the gap between the haves and have - nots was getting much too narrowed for their liking .
Then by the early ' 70s shop floor workers showed their impatience with their tamed shop - stewards  the wild cat strikes started - showing big business it could no longer rely on the unions to do their work for them .
Ted Heath turned out not to be " Selsdon Man " and along came the Iron Lady - not for turning .
Herald the arrival of authoritarian populism and the disappearance of such terms as " street robbery " in the newspapers in favour of the far more sinister - sounding " mugging " .
Information Management blossomed , massaging the sordid political realities of the times .
A misinformed grateful population largely welcomed the start of the weakening of what civil liberties were in place .
Mass unemployment helped to destroy entire communities and the poll tax ensured that hoards of people likely to oppose Thatcher would be voluntarily disappearing off the electoral register .
Elite collusion triumphs over a now fragmented and divided ( individualised ) Mass .
The End. S Kirby , Esbjerg Denmark
We did change it .
Now you can purchase 35 different kinds of mustard and pay for it 7 different ways .
That generation denied it 's children the right of conspicuous consumption and therefore caused a boom in one of the things they wanted suppressed .
In fact everything that the flower generation suppressed is now rampant .
Edward , Springfield , Mo. , USA
The 60's generation are different from those before it on in terms of numbers .
It believed in love and peace when it was the of age to screw and go to war .
Once it started families and got into middle age it decided that taxes were too much and cut those ; irrespective of it's effect on their parents ' pensions .
Then when the money ran out further , it cut the educational opportunities of their children ( see student loans etc ) .
Now that they will soon retire , we hear that they want to restore pensions after a life of spendthrift .
Who will pay for it , their children and grandchildren !
We have a generation here who uniquely , due to numbers , have screwed everyone else .
It 's not too hard to imagine that their children may decide that they do n't deserve anymore money , especially since they own their own homes which are now spectacularly over - valued .
One really has to feel sorry for Spain and Portugal who will now feel a tidal wave of these parasites as they migrate south with their ill - gotten gains .
G , Paisley uk
The answer , my friend , is blowing in the wind .
Paul Thompson , Perth Scotland " .. " the answer my friend is blowing in the wind ..? "
Well actually it was the 60s generation who wanted to get rid of nuclear warheads so that it WOULDN'T blow in the wind .
Do n't you remember everyone went on marches " Banning the Bomb " .
Susan Etheridge , Maidstone , UK Many cute answers , but I have a serious one .
My little sister responded to the pied piper , Timothy Leary , and she died from too many drug overdoses and dropped acid .
Damn Leary , wherever he is , for the great damage he encouraged my sister 's generation to indulge in .
Of course , the reality is , she died at her own hands , of her own choice , but the pied piper does have the reputation for putting people into a trance where they cannot work out the difference between reality and fantasy .
Maestrovoci , California USA
The talk in the 60s of revolution was just that ; talk .
As the US government was running out of working class conscripts , the angry youth in America seemed to be the middle classes worried about being called up themselves rather than being so morally offended by the slaughter in Vietnam .
A lost opportunity that never was .
Steven Beercock , Enna , Italy
Add your answer
Ecuador 's president , Rafael Correa , has won a referendum on a new constitution that will implement leftist reforms , including increased state control over monetary and oil policy .
Preliminary results showed 65 % approval , with almost half of the votes counted .
An opposition leader told Reuters than Correa had won .
Correa is an ally of the socialist regimes in Venezuela and Bolivia , although his reforms are less radical than those of Hugo Chávez or Evo Morales .
The new constitution contains a number of provisions aimed at the 38 % of Ecuadorians who live below the poverty line .
It guarantees free education up to and including university , increased spending on health , low - interest micro-loans , building materials for first - time homeowners and free seeds for growing crops .
Correa is also granted greater control over the central bank and army , and the right to stand for two more consecutive terms .
" We 're making history !
Onward ! " a jubilant Correa proclaimed in his coastal hometown of Guayaquil as the scale of his victory became clear .
" This is confirmation of the citizens ' revolution we 're offering . "
Correa , 45 , called it a " clear , historic victory " and urged Ecuadoreans to help him " achieve a brave , sovereign and dignified homeland equitable , just and without misery " .
The former finance minister has said the document will help to eradicate a political class that has made Ecuador one of Latin America 's most corrupt countries .
Correa has already taken a tough stance with oil companies , which he wants to accept a flat fee for extraction with no share of profits .
Before a likely general election early next year , he hopes to pass a new law that will regulate mining , which he says will attract investment .
The US - trained economist once described George Bush as " dimwitted " and , in reference to Chávez calling the US president the devil , Correa said : " Calling Bush the devil offends the devil . "
Those comments , his policies while in office and the use of a referendum to boost his powers , including his potential time in office , have prompted unflattering comparisons with Chávez .
But , while he counts Chávez as a friend , he has said Ecuador is not part of the same political movement and , unlike the Venezuelan leader , he has not moved to nationalise utilities such as telecommunications and electricity .
And while Correa has opted not to renew a lease that allows US anti-drugs missions to fly out of a coastal airport in Manta , US diplomats have praised Ecuador 's drug - fighting co-operation .
As noted in the previous post , I ’m quite convinced that some drastic action needs to be taken to avoid a cascading and debilitating series of crises .
But the more I look at this plan , the more wrongheaded it seems .
But if I ’m understanding this deal , the taxpayers are going to pony up close to a trillion dollars to take bad debts off the hands of financial institutions who were foolish enough to make the deals in the first place .
And in exchange , I think the tax payers get nothing ?
Sebastian Mallaby makes the good point that this is radically different than the S&L Crisis RTC which was liquidating the assets of thrifts that had already gone belly up — paid the ultimate price , as it were .
And as the insurer on the accounts , the government inherited the assets anyway .
It was just a matter of selling them off .
But here the point is to take these bad debts off these companies ’ hands so they can go back to being profitable businesses .
This is moral hazard on steroids if I ’m understanding this right .
Also , according to the Journal , finance industry lobbyists are already giving orders to Republican hill staffers not to allow any meaningful reforms or protections for taxpayers .
So , just the money .
No strings attached .
House Republican staffers met with roughly 15 lobbyists Friday afternoon , whose message to lawmakers was clear :
Do n’t load the legislation up with provisions not directly related to the crisis , or regulatory measures the industry has long opposed .
“ We ’re opposed to adding provisions that will affect [ or ] undermine the deal substantively , ” said Scott Talbott , senior vice president of government affairs at the Financial Services Roundtable , whose members include the nation ’s largest banks , securities firms and insurers .
A deal killer for the group : a proposal that would grant bankruptcy judges new powers to lower the principal , interest rate or both on a mortgage as part of a bankruptcy proceeding .
Late Update : Mulling this more and listening to the insights in your emails , the key clearly is how much the government pays for these distressed assets .
They may be bad debts .
But that does n’t mean they have no value at all .
Bought at the right prices and given time on the books — which the government is uniquely in a position to allow them to do — the government could even turn a profit on some of them .
But the key is at what price they ’re bought and whose get bought .
That seems like precisely the kind of process that requires oversight and accountability to make sure the taxpayer does n’t get fleeced .
Dancing on the Edge of the Abyss Update : Paul Krugman has a post up that I think tracks basically along the lines I ’ve raised — only from the viewpoint of someone who has a profound understanding of these things rather than no understanding at all .
He says , no deal .
Yep , It ’s Crap Update : I ca n’t seem to find any of the people who I respect thinking the bailout plan , as presented , is a good idea .
Nifty piece of plastic keeps computer cables from falling behind your desk .
I wonder if there 's an easy way to make something like this from plastic that most people throw away .
For sheer bang - for - the - buck , these cord management cards are tough to beat .
They 're cheap polyethylene sheets you either stick or screw to the edge of your desk and then snap the cables coming from your computer and peripherals into the recesses .
I was tired of picking my iPod connector off the floor when it would fall off my desktop .
With this , the ends of the cables are kept at the ready on your desk , which is especially great for stuff you are regularly plugging and unplugging .
You can also use it to neatly route other cables coming from the back of a PC tower , like speaker and ethernet , which really helps cut down cable clutter .
Presidential hopeful Barack Obama has outlined the changes he would make if he wins the race to the White House .
The Paulson bailout failed in the House .
If it is n't a death blow to the plan , it should be .
This is not an economic plan : it is a heist .
It will go down as The Great Bank Robbery of 2008 .
The economics behind it are nonsense , but we are naïve if we spend much time even considering the " arguments " for it .
This is a money and power grab , pure and simple .
Just as magazine covers today feature scantily clad women that would have been scandalous a generation ago , in the same manner Paulson 's proposal — made in broad daylight and on national TV ! — is almost naked in its audacity .
Austrian economists tend to be libertarians in their political views , and they are often chided for not keeping these systems hermetically sealed and separated in their minds .
Fortunately , this alleged vice is a virtue in our present situation .
Because of all the mumbo jumbo thrown around to show why the plan is necessary , some very sharp academic economists are in a tizzy trying to treat this as an extra- credit question , rather than a crime scene .
That is a waste of time .
In this article , we will of course cover why the Keynesian justifications — coming from a " free- market " administration — are nonsense .
But in the grand scheme , that 's not entirely relevant .
People did n't seriously consider the testimony of the tobacco company CEOs about the nonexistent dangers of smoking , because everyone knew those executives stood to lose billions from the settlement .
So by the same token , no one should pay much attention to the official statements made by Henry Paulson , since he stands to personally be put in charge of doling out hundreds of billions of dollars to some of the most powerful people on the planet .
The Keynesian Fallacy : The Paulson Plan Wo n't Create Wealth
In very simple terms , the Paulson Plan is a straight - up transfer of $ 700 billion — and counting ! — from the taxpayers to a few big financial institutions .
( Some smaller banks are complaining that they do n't own the exotic mortgage - backed derivatives , but rather simple mortgages .
They do not believe they will see a dime of the Paulson money . )
It 's easy to get all twisted around , but just remind yourself of this : the Paulson Plan has the federal government borrow $ 700 billion ( through issuing Treasury debt ) in order to buy assets from Wall Street banks .
( We are neglecting the time delay in the program ; the entire $ 700 billion would n't be spent all at once . )
Some analysts think that the price paid for these " toxic " assets is important .
No it is n't .
The government officials running this operation will dole out the favors on both ends , when the mortgage - backed securities are coming and when they are going .
Neglecting this insight , some people want to say that if the government pays $ 700 billion for a portfolio of assets that is really only worth $ 400 billion , then the taxpayers really only lost $ 300 billion , not the full $ 700 billion .
Yet this thinking is naïve .
The taxpayers are not going to be treated as equivalent to shareholders of a firm that just acquired $ 400 billion in assets .
The taxpayers are not going to get a cut of the monthly mortgage payments ( less the servicing costs on the $ 700 billion in new debt ) tied to the government 's massive portfolio .
Instead , the government will simply bump up its annual spending by a few billion dollars .
Maybe it will have to spend the money on homeownership programs , or homebuilder job retraining , but the net income from those government - owned assets certainly wo n't translate into a dollar - for - dollar tax cut .
And then at some point — during a future Republican administration , no doubt — there will be a push to " privatize " the secondary mortgage market , and the government 's portfolio at that time will be auctioned off at very generous prices to politically connected institutions .
For example , maybe the $ 400 billion portfolio is auctioned off for $ 250 billion .
( Perhaps the big banks have to set up subsidiaries owned by minorities and women who get preferential treatment in the bidding process .
But whatever the ruse , they will find a way to justify the low prices . )
When all is said and done , the government will have played hot potato with the MBS , and the national debt — borne by taxpayers — would be $ 450 ( =$ 700 - $ 250 ) billion higher .
The favored financial institutions would be " up " roughly the same amount , collectively .
( Throughout , we are ignoring the timings of the payoffs and the effect on present discounted value . )
It is the crudest Keynesianism to view the Paulson Plan as an injection of capital or " liquidity . "
That money has to come from somewhere .
If it is taxed or borrowed , then it is just a shell game ; the liquidity is drained from elsewhere , to be injected into Wall Street .
Besides taxing or borrowing , the government has a trump card : it can have the Federal Reserve simply create the new money out of thin air , by engaging in some " Open Market Operations . "
Yet even in this case , real wealth still has n't increased .
Certain nominal figures , like " aggregate asset values " might go up .
But that 's not very relevant , because the economy is n't really richer .
After all , there are n't more tractors or office buildings just because Bernanke allows the monetary base to grow more rapidly .
So what happens in this case is that prices rise ; people find it harder to buy milk , bread , and gasoline .
But the Wall Street fat cats are fine with the general price hikes , because they got their hands on the newly injected funny money early in the game .
But Wo n't the Credit Markets Collapse ?
Some observers would admit the legitimacy of my analysis above .
" However , " they might say , " the Paulson Plan , or something like it , is necessary to avert a total meltdown of the financial system .
We 're not trying to boost aggregate investment , so much as clearing out a clogged pipe . "
This talk of a breakdown in the financial system is a bogeyman .
Steve Landsburg does such a great job of exploding this myth that I will simply quote him :
So what 's special about banks [ that they deserve a bailout ] ?
According to what I keep reading , it 's that without banks , nobody can borrow , and the economy grinds to a halt .
Well , let 's think about that .
Banks do n't lend their own money ; they lend other people 's ( their depositors ' and their stockholders ' ) .
Just because the banks disappear does n't mean the lenders will .
Borrowers will still want to borrow and lenders will still want to lend .
The only question is whether they 'll be able to find each other . … [ A ] s any user of match.com can tell you , the technology for finding partners has improved since [ the 1930s ] .
When a firm wants to raise capital , why can't it just sell bonds over the web ?
Or issue new stock ?
Or approach one of the hedge funds that seem to be swimming in cash ?
Or borrow abroad ? …
I 'm not sure these big Wall Street banks are really necessary , and I 'm not sure we 'd miss them much if they were gone .
Maybe there 's something I 'm missing , but if so , I think it should be incumbent on Messrs .
Bernanke , Paulson and above all Bush to explain what it is .
Conclusion
It 's not enough that we now frequently blink back tears when pumping gas at our local filling station .
Winter is on the way , and we 'll soon be experiencing paroxysms of despair when we open our heating bills .
In my neighborhood , for example , the local electric company just got approval for a 12.4 % rate hike , when it wanted a 24 % one .
It plans to request another hike soon .
Meanwhile , the gas company had requested a 13 % rate hike in September but now wants to raise that to 24 % .
The cost of home heating oil is up 57 % over year - ago levels ( so far ) .
Waaaahh !
I can't lower these prices , but there is one thing I can do -- share some tips on how you can reduce the cost of heating your home this winter .
Here are a bunch of ideas , some taken from our discussion boards :
Take a trip to Home Depot ( NYSE: HD ) or Lowe 's ( NYSE : LOW ) .
Buy a few $ 3 tubes of caulking and seal those windows and any other drafts you can find .
Invest in a little weatherstripping for your doors , if your old weatherstripping is wearing out .
See if you can add any insulation anywhere in your home -- perhaps between your attached garage and house , or in your attic , or even your basement .
Pipes can be easily insulated , too .
Try covering your windows with plastic sheeting .
( Leave a few uncovered , though , to permit occasional airing out of the house . )
or .
Buy a few $ 3 tubes of caulking and seal those windows and any other drafts you can find .
Invest in a little weatherstripping for your doors , if your old weatherstripping is wearing out .
See if you can add any insulation anywhere in your home -- perhaps between your attached garage and house , or in your attic , or even your basement .
Pipes can be easily insulated , too .
Try covering your windows with plastic sheeting .
( Leave a few uncovered , though , to permit occasional airing out of the house . )
Ceiling fans can be effective at circulating warm air that normally collects by your ceiling , where you can't enjoy it .
Consider sealing off some rooms you rarely use , and do n't heat them .
( Make sure they do n't contain any pipes that might freeze , though .
And reconsider if they 're damp rooms , as mildew might form . )
Get your heating system tuned up .
Annual checkups , including filter replacements , can prevent unexpected headaches and expenses .
Get a programmable thermostat , too , which will let you automatically cool down your home when you 're away or asleep -- it might help to save up to 30 % of your home heating costs .
A chimney cleaning can make your home safer and more energy - efficient , too .
( Make sure that damper is closed when not in use . )
If your home has several heating zones , lower the temperature in zones you least often occupy .
If you do n't have that much control , consider getting an energy - efficient space heater to warm up areas where you spend a lot of time , such as in front of the television or at your desk .
( Just be very careful with space heaters -- they pose a fire risk if used improperly , and gas heaters can create a deadly carbon monoxide buildup in unventilated rooms . )
Learn to appreciate piles of blankets on your bed .
They can permit your home to stay fairly cool overnight while you 're snug under the covers .
This is when another warm body can come in handy , too ( such as a dear spouse , or Fido ) .
Rearrange furniture .
Do you have a bookcase blocking a heating unit ?
If so , you 're losing heat and money .
Is there a big padded chair over a heating vent ?
Same thing .
Cook more .
Using your oven or stove top can warm up a home a bit .
The money you save by not going out to eat can pay for some energy .
Look into getting a humidifier or two for your home .
Moist air feels warmer .
Try flannel sheets on your bed .
Buy long underwear .
Keep a toasty comforter on the sofa to snuggle under when watching television .
Have lots of visitors .
They 'll bring valuable body heat with them .
Perhaps play some board games with them .
Or better yet , play Twister -- it should warm up your bodies even more .
Look into upgrading your windows .
Many old windows are drafty and poor insulators .
At MSN.com , Lou Manfredi noted that thermopane windows can " increase your home 's energy efficiency up to 70 % .
Multi-pane windows can have R-values of as high as 9.1 .
( The higher the R - value , the more resistant the glass is to losing heat . )
A typical single - pane glass has an R - value of 1 . "
You can read a lot more ideas on our Living Below Your Means discussion board .
Learn more about maintaining ( and buying and selling ) a home in our Home Center .
Also , visit our Building / Maintaining a Home discussion board , to get some great insights and tips from fellow Fools .
The Motley Fool has kicked off its 13th annual Foolanthropy campaign !
Nominate your favorite charities on our Foolanthropy discussion board through Nov. 1 .
For guidelines on what makes a charity Foolish , visit www.foolanthropy.com .
Longtime Fool contributor Selena Maranjian owns shares of Home Depot , which is a Motley Fool Inside Value pick .
The Fool has a disclosure policy .
As I ’ve mentioned in other posts , the Subversion project is on the verge of releasing version 1.5 , a culmination of nearly two years of work .
The release is jam - packed with some huge new features , but the one everyone ’s excited about is “ merge tracking ” .
Merge - tracking is when your version control system keeps track of how lines of development ( branches ) diverge and re-form together .
Historically , open source tools such as CVS and Subversion have n’t done this at all ; they ’ve relied on “ advanced ” users carefully examining history and typing arcane commands with just the right arguments .
Branching and merging is possible , but it sure ai n’t easy .
Of course , distributed version control systems have now started to remove the fear and paranoia around branching and merging — they ’re actually designed around merging as a core competency .
While Subversion 1.5 does n’t make it merging as easy as a system like Git or Mercurial , it certainly solves common points of pain .
As a famous quote goes , “ it makes easy things easy , and hard things possible . ”
Subversion is now beginning to match features in larger , commercial tools such as Clearcase and Perforce .
My collaborators and I are gearing up to release a 2nd Edition of the free online Subversion book soon ( and you should be able to buy it from O’Reilly in hardcopy this summer . )
If you want gritty details about how merging works , you can glance over Chapter 4 right now , but I thought a “ nutshell ” summary would make a great short blog post , just to show people how easy the common case now is .
Make a branch for your experimental work :
$ svn cp trunkURL branchURL
$ svn switch branchURL Work on the branch for a while :
# ...edit files
$ svn commit
# ...edit files
$ svn commit Sync your branch with the trunk , so it does n’t fall behind :
$ svn merge trunkURL
--- Merging r3452 through r3580 into '.':
U button.c
U integer.c
... $ svn commit Repeat the prior two steps until you ’re done coding .
Merge your branch back into the trunk :
$ svn switch trunkURL
$ svn merge -- reintegrate branchURL
--- Merging differences between repository URLs into '.':
U button.c
U integer.c
... $ svn commit
Go have a beer , and live in fear of feature branches no more .
Notice how I never had to type a single revision number in my example : Subversion 1.5 knows when the branch was created , which changes need to be synced from branch to trunk , and which changes need to be merged back into the trunk when I ’m done .
It ’s all magic now .
This is how it should have been in the first place . 🙂
Subversion 1.5 is n’t officially released yet , but we ’re looking for people to test one of our final release candidate source tarballs .
CollabNet has also created some nice binary packages for testing , as part of their early adopter program .
Try it out and report any bugs !
Sony has successfully held off companies in the past who have insisted that the PS3 manufacturer had infringed on patents relating to its Blu - Ray discs , and still they keep coming for a slice of the cake .
This time , Californian - based firm Orinda Intellectual Properties has applied to the courts claiming that Sony has violated patent number 5,438,560 , which relates to “ an optical disk - shaped recording medium comprising a plurality of tracks , ” filed in 1995 by Hyundai Electronics Industries .
Furthermore , a court filing from August 20th , provides evidence that the firm is suing Sony Electronics , Sony Computer Entertainment and Sony Computer Entertainment America and has applied to the courts demanding that Sony pay a ' reasonable royalty ' fee .
More drastically though , Orinda has asked that Sony cease manufacture , sale and supply of all Blu - Ray enabled products , which includes the Playstation 3 .
Despite attempts from a number of companies to sue Sony over patent infringements relating to its Blu - Ray discs , all have failed .
Sony will be hoping that the Federal judges of East Texas are more lenient towards them than they were with Nintendo earlier this year .
It was the same courts that backed Anascape Ltd.in a lawsuit against Nintendo in which it won damages of $ 21 million for infringements on its motion - technology used in Wii and Gamecube controllers .
Source :: Edge Online
The Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) will smash up its its first proton beams this weekend in a test , arousing the fears of conspiracy lovers everywhere .
If you 'll recall , the LHC is that super - mega physics experiment in Switzerland 's CERN Lab that some believe might destroy the world by producing black holes .
Above , you can see a visualization of how large the facility is , as it loops under the ground outside Geneva .
So what 's in store tomorrow when the first beams start circling ?
Physicists working on the LHC say that even if the device does produce tiny black holes , they will exist for such a short time that they could n't possibly do any damage .
Instead , they 're interested in experiments that could reveal for the first time what dark matter is , and what the universe looked like after the big bang .
Though the LHC wo n't be in full operation until September 10 , when the first real experiments there will get underway , this weekend marks the first time the facility will be used .
Researchers will shoot a few particle beams through the magnetized , reinforced tunnels that make up the giant particle accelerator .
According to Popular Mechanics :
As part of a scheduled injection test , the LHC will be closed off this Friday , and researchers at CERN will fire protons through one of the eight sectors that make up the sprawling concrete - lined collider tunnel .
The purpose of this test ?
" It 's , ‘ Let 's see what happens , ' " says Judy Jackson , head of the Office of Communications at Fermilab .
" It 's a very complex machine .
This is a step towards getting ready . "
Advertisement
Let 's see what happens ?
You mean , like whether it produces tiny black holes that last longer than a nanosecond ?
Awesome .
Start Date for the Large Hadron Collider [ Popular Mechanics ]
The Richland County ( S.C. ) Sheriff 's Department has acquired an armored personnel carrier complete with a turret - mounted .50 - caliber belt - fed machine gun for its Special Response Team .
Sheriff Leon Lott told the Columbia State newspaper that he hoped the vehicle , named " The Peacemaker , " would let the bad guys know that his officers are serious .
" We do n't look at this as a killing machine , " Lott told the paper .
" It 's going to keep the peace .
We hope the fact that we have this is going to save lives .
When something like this rolls up , it 's time to give up . "
The Peacemaker has a top speed of 30 mph .
You knew that it would eventually happen .
If a Hello Kitty motorcycle exists , it was only a matter of time for the Hello Kitty motorcycle racing leathers to appear :
It is n’t much of a surprise that the classic style of Hello Kitty flipping you off sucking her thumb is used since that is basically how anyone who would have to wear this monstrosity must feel .
Of course , my wife thinks it ’s “ adorable ” which is never a good sign and usually means I will end up with it as a gift sometime in the future .
One more thing to look forward to in Hello Kitty Hell …
Sent in by dp who should really have to wear this all the time as punishment for thinking even for a split second that sending me a photo of it could produce anything positive …
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Friday , September 19 , 2008 >>>
ARCHIVES | SEARCH
Do spammers get spam ?
Posted by Mikko @ 15:06 GMT
Spam is still a problem .
Problem is , spam still works .
So it wo n't be going away any time soon .
One spam vendor was recently spamming ( yes ) their own ads to a few million e-mail addresses .
The message contained this PDF file :
Two things worthy of noting here :
First :
The old e-mail spam vendors are selling mobile phone text message spam lists as well .
Second :
The vendor here is trying to avoid getting spammed themselves , by writing their e-mail address
( which is info@bulk-mail.org ) as info [ at ] bulk - mail [ dot ] org .
We suppose they are worried that an e-mail collecting spider might find their e-mail address ( info@bulk-mail.org ) and add it to a spam database .
Then their address ( which was info@bulk-mail.org ) would get spam too .
We guess .
Anyway , their address seems to be info@bulk-mail.org .
Make sure you do n't post it to a public web page or they might otherwise get spam .
L-R : Gareth Hughes 's father John , Gareth , his brother Brynley , c. 1910 The story of Wales ' first major Hollywood star , who walked from Llanelli to London for his big break , is told in a new documentary .
Gareth Hughes starred in 45 silent movies and lived with all the trappings today 's A - list celebrities enjoy .
But he suddenly turned his back on the limelight and became a missionary living with a Native American tribe .
The documentary , Desert Padre , made by his Welsh relative Kelvin Guy , was shown in Llanelli on Saturday .
He had all the trappings - two houses , a stables , home help - everything you imagine the stars have today
Kelvin Guy
It has a been a three - year labour of love for Mr Guy , from nearby Burry Port .
" All the filming was done in America - I 've been back and fore as I 've discovered more people who knew Gareth , " he said .
Apart from the serious film buffs , most people will not have heard of him , but during his 10 - 15 - year stretch ( as a film actor ) he was a major star with the studios , earning £ 2,000 a week .
" He had all the trappings - two houses , a stables , home help - everything you imagine the stars have today .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" He joined a group of Welsh players who went over to the States and although they were not successful and came back he remained behind .
" His career just took off because he was very successful on the stage in Broadway in New York .
" And there he was obviously seen by the right people and persuaded to get involved in the new - fangled picture business .
" He made 45 films - melodramas , comedies - he was part of the studio stable so did what ever they wanted him to do . "
Gareth Hughes gave up the spotlight for life with Native Americans Mr Hughes was Mr Guy 's grandmother 's cousin and counted fellow screen legends Mary Pickford and Bette Davies among his friends , along with business mogul William Randolph Hearst and Peter Pan creator JM Barrie .
Then as the era of the silent movie ended and " talkies " became all the rage , Hughes turned his back on Hollywood to become a missionary .
Mr Guy said some people had claimed it was because his strong Welsh accent made him difficult to understand .
But he said he had heard a recording of his voice and it reminded him of Anthony Hopkins , the Oscar - winning star of The Silence of the Lambs , who was born along the south Wales coast in Port Talbot .
" I think it was a choice on his behalf to leave the business , " he said .
Mr Guy 's documentary was shown at Saron Chapel in Furnace in Llanelli on Saturday night .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Mark Oakley at Den of Geek says , in no uncertain terms , that it 's high time for theaters to start catering to their adult customers by offering no -kids - allowed shows .
What do you think ?
Until recently , I 'd have said it was n't necessary .
After all , go to a late enough screening , and kids generally are n't a problem , right ?
Wrong .
My brother and I hit the local multiplex recently to catch the 8:15 Dark Knight
show .
Should be a no- brainer on the kid front – late - ish show that lets out well past bedtime on a Monday night ; creepy , malevolent villain ; loud , blam - heavy soundtrack ; PG - 13 rating ; plus a slew of reviews noting how not - kid - friendly the film is .
There 's also Nolan 's previous go , Batman Begins .
Anyone who 's seen it should be aware that his take on the Caped
Crusader is n't going to be appropriate for youngsters .
Yet we saw one couple walk in leading a preschooler by the hand .
The kid could n't have been over three , and the ticket - taker said that this is quite common .
Few things ruin a movie for me more quickly than a theater full of talking , thrashing , hollering , seat - kicking , popcorn - pitching kids .
But is that enough to justify kids - banned shows ?
As a parent , I want to say " No ! " I 'm capable of deciding what movies are appropriate for my kids , and what times are appropriate for them to see them .
But as a theater patron who 's had more than one show ruined by kids , and who 's seen kids taken into movies where the plainly had no business , I want to say " Of course ! "
Clearly , the preferable solution would be for parents to ( a ) be smarter about what movies are okay for kids , and ( b ) teach their kids to behave properly in public .
Short of miraculous improvement in parenting competence , banning kids at later shows , say anything past 8 or 9 p.m. , might be a workable solution .
Still , that forces adults to pick between staying out late or suffering with someone else 's ill - behaved offspring Another choice especially with multiplexes , might be simply designate one screen for child - free shows .
Surely there are other possibilities as well .
What say the GeekDad readers ( and the other GeekDads , for that matter ) ?
Is there a good , workable solution to reach detente between cranky adults and poorly controlled children ?
Is it inappropriate to even consider no -kids shows ?
Or is Mark Oakley spot - on in calling for theaters to designate some screens exclusively for the 18 + crowd ?
Taipei ( Taiwan ) - Asustek , best known these days for its mini-laptop Eee PC , is moving to expand Eee brand with an iMac rival , a wireless gaming controller and a mini-desktop PC .
Expect new products to hit our shores beginning in August .
It seems that previous rumors of Asustek planning to cash in on the Eee PC craze with a rapid product expansion surrounding the brand were accurate .
The manufacturer confirmed it will launch the Eee Monitor in September , an all - in - one computer built into a monitor designed to challenge Apple ’s iMac concept , the Eee Box mini-desktop PC for internet - related activities and the Eee Stick gaming controller .
Beating the iMac on price
It appears that Eee Monitor attracts the most attention at this time .
Instead of offering innovative hardware features , the device is squarely aiming for iMac customers and will challenge Apple ’s system with a lower price - which sounds like a sound strategy to us , since the Eee brand has become widely identified with low cost .
In fact , Asustek has created a whole new market by selling aggressively priced products .
However , building an all - in - one desktop is a completely different ball game than pushing low - cost mini-laptops that were marketed on the back of the OLPC initiative .
Besides engineering challenges , there is the fact that buyers of desktop systems are less likely to trade features for price .
There is no information on Eee Monitor hardware features .
However , it seems clear that it may not match the iMac feature set in order to hit a substantially lower price point .
Asustek does not make a secret out of its intentions to launch the Eee Monitor to monetize on the all - in - one desktop computer concept that worked so well for Apple .
The company thinks the concept makes even more sense for PC manufactures since PCs are more expandable than Apple ’s computers , which typically do n’t allow for any hardware upgrades beyond memory expansion ( exception Mac Pro ) .
For example , users ca n’t upgrade the iMac or Mac mini with a new graphics card or processor .
Eee Box set - top box
Essentially a mini-desktop PC resembling the iMac mini and compact PCs that were fashionable in 2006 , the Eee Box has a small footprint with the size of a hardcover book .
Asustek pitches this product primarily as being suited for wireless internet surfing , although a closer look at the hardware specifications reveal that Asustek could potentially turn the system into a set - top box or an Apple TV - like device .
Inside the white box , Asus uses an Intel Atom processor and 802.11n wireless connectivity .
The computer also has Memory Stick , SD and MMC memory card slots and four USB ports - two in the front and two in the back .
The design and hardware specifications suggest that Asus is aiming for a market that Apple tried to address with the Mac mini .
To us , however , this device would look much more promising as a set - top box device for the family room .
Users can opt for hard drives with 80 or 250 GB of capacity and choose between Windows XP and Linux as operating systems .
The Eee Box will sell for prices between $ 200 and $ 300 , depending on the configuration of the device .
The aggressive pricing could make the Eee Box a viable alternative to Apple ’s $ 600 Mac mini .
Wireless gaming with Eee Stick
Another Eee device will be a wireless PC gaming controller set dubbed Eee Stick .
It integrates motion similar to Nintendo ’s Wii controller and comes as a pair of nunchucks .
It is rumored that the left nunchuck device will be able to function as a 3D mouse .
The Eee Stick will be a PC - exclusive device so it wo n’t be compatible with consoles .
Asustek said it will start bundling the controller with the upcoming Eee Box mini-desktop and Eee PC mini-laptops .
The controller will be sold separately sometimes next year .
Including five to eight games , the Eee Stick will sell for $ 70 .
If you love zombies whether they are fast or slow , infected or mind controlled , then you need to dig into John Joseph Adams ' new anthology The Living Dead .
With stories by ( among others ) Kelly Link , George R. R. Martin , Clive Barker , Poppy Z. Brite , and Dan Simmons , this anthology explores every inch of the zombie landscape .
Adams , who also just released the amazing collection Seeds of Change , is this season 's It Anthology Editor .
The best part ?
You can read Kelly Link 's entire zombie story , " Some Zombie Contingency Plans , " for free online .
Here 's an excerpt from her weird tale , which is as much about prison social networking websites as it is about zombies .
Link 's main character , an ex-con named Soap , is infatuated with zombies , and here he explains why :
Zombies were n't complicated .
It was n't like werewolves or ghosts or vampires .
Vampires , for example , were the middle / upper - middle management of the supernatural world .
Some people thought of vampires as rock stars , but really they were more like Martha Stewart .
Vampires were prissy .
They had to follow rules .
They had to look good .
Zombies were n't like that .
You could n't exorcise zombies .
You did n't need luxury items like silver bullets or crucifixes or holy water .
You just shot zombies in the head , or set fire to them , or hit them over the head really hard . . .
Zombies did n't discriminate .
Everyone tasted equally good as far as zombies were concerned .
And anyone could be a zombie .
You did n't have to be special , or good at sports , or good - looking .
You did n't have to smell good , or wear the right kind of clothes , or listen to the right kind of music .
You just had to be slow .
Advertisement
Read the rest today at lunch .
Some Zombie Contingency Plans [ via Living Dead ]
Analysis Rooftop wind turbines are actually net carbon emitters for most British properties , according to new research .
Worse still , it appears that even if small turbines became common they could produce only a tiny fraction of the UK 's energy requirements .
The new report ( pdf ) is titled Small - scale wind energy and is issued by the Carbon Trust , a quango dedicated to reducing greenhouse gas emissions .
The research was carried out with the assistance of the Met Office and consulting engineers Arup .
According to the report 's authors , the most commonly used UK windspeed database is highly optimistic in the case of urban areas .
They suggest that one should be wary of believing any figures offered by the wind - turbine industry .
NOABL [ Numerical Objective Analysis of Boundary Layer ] is a public domain reference dataset used widely in the UK wind industry ... analysis by the Met Office suggests that NOABL tends to ... over - predict the amount of power it is possible to generate with small turbines in built - up areas ...
The [ free from the government biz department ]
Wind Speed Database ( created using the NOABL model ) does not reflect the effects of urban areas ( the wind speed values are representative of open , level terrain ) ...
There is also a technical supplement ( pdf ) intended for engineers and designers , which goes even further :
There are a variety of sources of wind speed and direction data available ...
All of these data types have limitations , either in terms of their temporal or spatial extent , or in terms of their representativity of urban areas ...
There are a number of proprietary systems used by the wind energy industry ...
Tools such as WindFarmer , WindFarm and WindPRO do not include any functionality designed specifically for siting turbines in urban areas .
The researchers go on to model the expected yields of small wind turbines using a more realistic Met Office database which you have to pay for , rather than the free one , and they allow for the serious reductions in windspeed to be found close above urban rooftops .
The results make depressing reading for microgeneration fanciers .
Because small turbines are mounted at relatively low heights , their mean hub height wind speeds may be close to their cut - in speeds .
The implications are that , for long periods of time , a small turbine may not operate at all , or if it does operate ( and visibly spin ) , it may not generate much electricity .
Practically speaking , small wind turbines require ... locations which are open , exposed and experience high wind speeds , which generally tend to be found in rural areas .
Because the output to be expected from urban turbines is so low , the cost of the resulting energy is very high .
According to the Carbon Trust analysts , electricity prices would need to be double their present levels before any urban turbine could earn its keep .
Even if electricity soared to eight times its current price , economically viable urban turbine sites would still be a rarity :
Practically no urban sites have costs of energy below 25p / kWh ...
At 100p / kWh , the energy that could be generated at rural sites is about nine times that of urban sites ; i.e. the split is 90 per cent rural to 10 per cent urban .
Overview
OSERL ( Open SMPP Erlang Library ) is an erlang implementation of the Short Message Peer to Peer protocol .
Short Message Peer to Peer ( SMPP ) protocol is an open , industry standard designed to provide a flexible data communications interface for the transfer of short message data between External Short Message Entities ( ESME ) , Routing Entities ( RE ) and Message Centers ( MC ) .
OSERL is an open source library that comprises the entire specification of the recently released SMPP version 5.0 ( February 20th , 2003 ) .
Moreover , thanks to an appropriated design , any future and previous version of the protocol are also directly supported by OSERL .
Currently OSERL is being updated to support other SM transfer protocols such us EMI UCP and CIMD .
OSERL is an open project , any comment , suggestion or collaboration will be welcome .
OSERL 1.1 Available
I was n't completely satisfied with version 1.0 , so I decided no to release it and move straight to version 1.1 .
This new release has many new features :
gen_smsc and gen_smsc_session behaviors .
and behaviors .
gen_connection removed .
removed .
gen_esme and gen_smsc act as extended gen_servers .
There 's no need to implement several behaviors separately .
and act as extended gen_servers .
There 's no need to implement several behaviors separately .
gen_esme and gen_smsc comply to the OTP design principles ( so gen sessions do ) .
In addition , resulting implementation 50 % more compact , and also more efficient and elegant .
Documentation
Links below lead to the API documentation of this library .
Every library module and their exported functions were documented .
Some design decisions and examples are also explained , thus those interested in how things were done will found the details on these documents .
OSERL uses the common_lib library .
This library groups together some general purpose modules .
The API documentation has been generated using eDoc , a great tool for the erlang world much like the Javadoc TM .
The PICS proforma is the Protocol Implementation Conformance Statement ( PICS ) proforma for the SMPP v3.4 protocol .
The information supplied after completing this questionnaire gives a concise and standard description of which sections of the SMPP v3.4 protocol an implementation will support .
I only had access to PICS for version 3.4 of the SMPP protocol ( provided by the SMS Forum in MS word format :-(
With respect to version 5.0 , I shall say that OSERL supports every field and every operation of this last version .
Moreover , every encoding / decoding error on the specification , even those related to individual parameters , are detected and reported using the appropriate error code .
Timers , congestion control and other dynamic aspects of the protocol are also implemented .
PICS proforma for The Open SMPP Erlang Library
PICS Proforma in openoffice.org format ( 34 KB )
Zipped PICS Proforma in MS word format ( 37 KB ) .
Do n't know if it 'll be fully compatible with MS Word , I 've edited and saved using openoffice.org .
Applications using OSERL
When Bush , issued a “ signing statement ” in 2006 on McCain ’s hard - fought legislation placing prohibitions on torture , saying he would interpret the measure as he chose , McCain barely uttered a peep .
And then , in 2006 , in one of his most disheartening acts , McCain supported a “ compromise ” with the administration on trials of Guantanamo detainees , yielding too much of what the administration wanted , and accepted provisions he had originally opposed on principle .
Among other things , the bill sharply limited the rights of detainees in military trials , stripped habeas corpus rights from a broad swath of people “ suspected ” of cooperating with terrorists , and loosened restrictions on the administration ’s use of torture .
( The Supreme Court later ruled portions of this measure unconstitutional . )
McCain ’s caving in to this “ compromise ” did it for me .
This was further evidence that the former free - spirited , supposedly principled , maverick was morphing into just another panderer – to Bush and the Republican Party ’s conservative base .
Other aspects of McCain , including his temperament , began to trouble me .
He seemed disturbingly bellicose .
He gave the Iraq war unflagging support no matter the facts .
He still talks about “ winning ” the war , though George W. Bush gave that up some time ago .
As the war became increasingly unpopular , he employed the useful technique of blaming its execution rather than recognizing the misconceptions that had led him to be one of the most enthusiastic champions of the war in the first place .
Similarly , in making a big issue of having backed the surge ( and simplifying the reasons for its apparent success ) , he preempts debate on the very idea of the war .
He has talked ( and sung ) loosely about attacking Iran .
More recently , he oversimplified this summer ’s events in Georgia and made intemperate remarks about Russia , about which he ’s been more belligerent than the administration for some time .
( He has his own set of neocons . )
There ’s an argument that all this compromise was n’t necessary : some very smart political analysts believed from the outset that McCain could win the nomination by sticking with his old self .
And they still believe that McCain won the nomination not because he gave himself over to the base but as a result of a process of elimination of inferior candidates who divided up the conservative vote , as these observers had predicted .
( These people insisted on anonymity because McCain is known in Republican circles to have a long memory and a vindictive streak . )
By then I had already concluded that that there was a disturbingly erratic side of McCain ’s nature .
There ’s a certain lack of seriousness in him .
And he does not appear to be a reflective man , or very interested in domestic issues .
One cannot imagine him ruminating late into the night about , say , how to educate and train Americans for the new global and technological challenges .
McCain ’s making a big issue of “ earmarks ” and citing entertaining examples of ridiculous - sounding ones , circumvents discussion of the larger issues of the allocation of funds in the federal budget : according to the Office of Management and Budget , earmarks represent less than one percent of federal spending .
Now he ’s back to declaring himself a maverick , but it ’s not clear what that means .
If he gains the presidency , is he going to rebel against the base he ’s now depending on to get him elected ?
( Hence his selection of running mate Sarah Palin . )
Campaigns matter .
If he means “ shaking up the system ” ( which is not the same thing ) , opposing earmarks does n’t cut it .
McCain ’s recent conduct of his campaign – his willingness to lie repeatedly ( including in his acceptance speech ) and to play Russian roulette with the vice - presidency , in order to fulfill his long - held ambition – has reinforced my earlier , and growing , sense that John McCain is not a principled man .
In fact , it ’s not clear who he is .
Elizabeth Drew is author of “ Citizen McCain ” ( Simon & Schuster , 2002 ; paperback with new introduction , 2008 . )
Zope 2 was a Python - based web development framework that built all its components in - house and has been superseded by Zope 3 and taken in a different direction .
TurboGears is a newer Python - based web development framework that seeks out best - in - breed projects rather than roll their own .
Mark Ramm is a core developer on the TurboGears project and is bothered by the fact that the Django community seems to be heading down the Zope 2 path under the auspices of the " batteries included " philosophy .
In the Python community , many see the Django community as separate from the other web development projects due to these difference in philosophies , Ramm said .
He went on to further claim that Django is in some ways harming or at least doing a disservice to the the Python community as whole because much of its internal components cannot be easily used outside of the rest of the Django project .
By the same token , Ramm believes that Django core developers could be spending valuable time and resources improving and integrating many existing projects , Beaker and SQLAlchemy for example , instead of reinventing their functionality .
Furthermore , many of these established 3rd - party projects have long ago addressed and solved many perceived pitfalls of Django .
Mark Ramm takes exception to this oft - repeated Django - catchphrase Mark Ramm takes exception to this oft - repeated Django - catchphrase
Ramm 's central premise is in fact a balancing act that the framework seeks to maintain .
The project attempts to package as much of the functionality ( barring database drivers and the like ) into a simple to install package that 's friendly to newcomers .
Constrated to TurboGears , for example , which could require a handful ( or two ) of dependencies to install .
Which audience does Django want to maintain : one of individuals who want a tool to get things done , or an audience of bright programmers who are willing to trod through several hours of package maintenance for a slightly more robust solution ?
Django seems to be pushing for the former , and so far their decision has benefited them .
Another of Ramm 's fears is that programmers pulled into the Django world will in effect become Django developers first and Python developers or web developers second .
To a certain extent this is true , but Django developer James Bennett during the Q&A portion rebutted that rarely do developers come to the decision on a framework with SQLAlchemy , a stack of WSGI middleware , and Beaker in hand ; they just want to launch a product with the least amount of friction as possible .
The pronouncements of doom and gloom do have a basis in some people 's realities .
It 's true that Django could be putting in work to gain advanced database features offered by SQLAlchemy , but the gains really only apply to a small subset of their potential audience .
Django core developers are much more supportive of making Django pluggable enough that 3rd - party developers incorporate these packages themselves .
Recent changes deep inside the project ( i.e. queryset - refactor ) now allow developers to write or adapt just about any datastore backend ( Jacob Kaplan - Moss mentions candidly that he has Django running on to of Aperture 's Core Data store and a non-relational database with CouchDB ) .
The general feel of the day was that Django can do some things to improve their position in the Python ecosphere .
Removing barriers in the core of Django to enable a wider range of extensibility looks to be a definite eventuality ; and on even a few occasions , core developers mentioned they'd be looking more seriously into relying on 3rd - party libraries and packages for new functionality .
It ’s about time !
California ’s historic Fairfax
Theatre claims that it will be the first major movie theater in the United States to install a solar power system to help cover its energy costs . *
In addition to supplying clean energy , it will save the theater ’s owner about $ 627,000 over the estimated thirty year life of the 42 unit system .
Over that time it will also eliminate the production of an estimated 1,000 tons of greenhouse gases .
The owner of the Fairfax Theatre is a larger business known as Cinema West .
Dave Corkill , the president of the company said the following words about the exciting solar power addition :
I wanted a sustainable and renewable energy solution for the Fairfax Theatre .
Solar energy will not only help us offset our electricity costs , but will also reduce greenhouse emissions and propagate the environmental ideals of this progressive community .
The Fairfax Theatre ’s marquis is one of the first things you see when entering Fairfax .
Now we are proud that it also represents clean energy .
The Fairfax Theatre was first constructed in 1950 , and was later split into two parts , with a screen each .
It now has five screens in total and is known as Fairfax 5 Theatres .
Despite the generic name , several neon signs give the theater a classic appearance from the outside .
Solar power will only help solidify the movie theater ’s place in history .
* Correction : The Fairfax Theatre is not the first solar powered theater in the United States .
Thanks to a user comment , California ’s Palm Theater should be commended as the actual first .
One distinction that should be noted though is that the Fairfax Theatre is part of Cinema West ( the first theater of a major chain to go solar ) , whereas the Palm Theater is independently owned .
Read More About the Greening of Entertainment on the Green Options Network :
Photo Credit : Artbandito on Flickr under a Creative Commons license
OK .
I admit I am a geek .
I downloaded all 7 pdf's and am in the process of printing them on a old HP4500 color laser .
( I told the boss the customer was complaining of printer jams , and I 'm testing it . )
I fully intend on spending a large portion of the long weekend reading these .
I hate being good at physics .
Damn wave particle dualities in my Hilbert space looking like state vectors !
Posted by Sir Cucumber at on Wednesday , September 10 , 2008
I do n't read poetry , biographies , or non-fiction essays .
I skip forewards , and afterwords , and notes about the type .
I 'll reach for my DS before a New Yorker or Max 's copy of Lucky Jim on any given commute , but that does n't make me illiterate .
Reading may not be rumble or motion - compatible , multiplayer - enabled in any traditional sense of the word , and you do n't even earn achievement points from it , but it remains the fastest way I know to assimilate and comprehend complex strings of data .
Except Excel , of course .
Bottom line is I can read quicker than listen , and the quicker I hear what you have to say the quicker I get back to killing people .
Bioshock understood this .
Why do n't you ?
okay you get a point for the word " assfuck . "
That brings your grand total to ... one .
Perhaps listening to a constant string of answering machines in the dark sounded like a good idea on paper , but someone in that brainstorm should have remembered that usually , when video games expect you to put down the controller and , you know , watch , they give you something to look at .
So until you 've merged FDR 's fireside chats with Seaman or made an FPS of Lake Wobegon , lets have some text , okay ?
The Douglas fir has earned a towering reputation for its ability to soar higher than most trees .
But there 's a limit to how tall it can grow , and a new study explains why :
If it grows too tall , a tree cannot transport water to the highest leaves .
This study showed that somewhere between the height of a 30 - or 35 - story building , Douglas firs can't transport water any higher .
This predicted range corresponds with the world 's tallest Douglas fir , standing in at 326 feet .
( The world 's tallest tree is a California redwood , which stands 379 feet . )
" As you go higher and higher in a Douglas fir tree , it 's almost like experiencing a drought , " said Rick Meinzer , a Forest Service scientist at the Pacific Northwest Research Station .
Evaporation of water from leaves sucks both water and air bubbles .
In Douglas firs , this transport relies on dead cells that act like valves and make up most of this tree 's wood and prevent air bubbles from traveling up through trees .
By rejecting the spread of air bubbles through these valves , this tree also prevents water from being pulled higher .
The findings , detailed this week in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , were made by a team of scientists from Oregon State University and the U.S.D.A. Forest Service .
WASHINGTON  Nobel Peace Prize winner and international symbol of freedom Nelson Mandela is flagged on U.S. terrorist watch lists and needs special permission to visit the USA .
Secretary of State Condoleezza
Rice calls the situation " embarrassing , " and some members of Congress vow to fix it .
The requirement applies to former South African leader Mandela and other members of South Africa 's governing African National Congress ( ANC ) , the once - banned anti-Apartheid organization .
In the 1970s and ' 80s , the ANC was officially designated a terrorist group by the country 's ruling white minority .
Other countries , including the United States , followed suit .
Because of this , Rice told a Senate committee recently , her department has to issue waivers for ANC members to travel to the USA .
" This is a country with which we now have excellent relations , South Africa , but it 's frankly a rather embarrassing matter that I still have to waive in my own counterpart , the foreign minister of South Africa , not to mention the great leader Nelson Mandela , " Rice said .
Rep. Howard Berman , D - Calif. , chairman of the House International Relations Committee , is pushing a bill that would remove current and former ANC leaders from the watch lists .
Supporters hope to get it passed before Mandela 's 90th birthday July 18 .
" What an indignity , " Berman said .
" The ANC set an important example :
It successfully made the change from armed struggle to peace .
We should celebrate the transformation . "
In 1990 , Mandela was freed after 27 years in prison for crimes committed during the struggle against Apartheid , a repressive regime that subjugated black South Africans .
In 1994 , he was elected South Africa 's first black president .
Sen. Judd Gregg , R - N.H. , called ANC members ' inclusion on watch lists a " bureaucratic snafu " and pledged to fix the problem .
Members of other groups deemed a terrorist threat , such as Hamas , also are on the watch lists .
Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff says " common sense " suggests Mandela should be removed .
He says the issue " raises a troubling and difficult debate about what groups are considered terrorists and which are not . "
When ANC members apply for visas to the USA , they are flagged for questioning and need a waiver to be allowed in the country .
In 2002 , former ANC chairman Tokyo Sexwale was denied a visa .
In 2007 , Barbara Masekela , South Africa 's ambassador to the United States from 2002 to 2006 , was denied a visa to visit her ailing cousin and did n't get a waiver until after the cousin had died , Berman 's legislation says .
Enlarge AFP / Getty Images file photo Nelson Mandela won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1993 .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Of all the dyed - in - the - wool conservatives one finds on Capitol Hill , Sen. John McCain of Arizona is certainly the least boring .
Though he ’s predictably Republican in many ways — he ’s an ardent free - marketeer and pro-lifer , and he gets low marks from environmental groups — McCain has , in the past year , stridently stood up to the GOP leadership and worked with his erstwhile political opponents in the Senate for campaign finance reform and the tobacco settlement .
Both efforts failed ( largely due to lack of Republican support ) , but they helped increase McCain ’s public standing ; his image as a courageous reformer has even led to speculation about a dark horse presidential candidacy in 2000 .
But critics say that image is carefully cultivated , and many accuse the press of going soft on McCain , who heads the powerful Senate Commerce Committee .
When Mother Jones dropped in on McCain at his Washington , D.C. , office in mid-September , Lewinsky - mania was in full swing .
Despite his well - known temper — he once reportedly got into a scuffle with his nonagenarian colleague Sen.
Strom Thurmond ( R - S.C. ) — McCain was relaxed and smiling , displaying the forthright charm that has made him the darling of political reporters while trenchantly defending his right to accept campaign contributions from the likes of Bill Gates and Rupert Murdoch .
In September , the day after campaign finance reform was killed in the Senate for the third time , the news was buried on Page A16 of the New York Times under an avalanche of Clinton - Lewinsky reporting .
What did you think when you saw the Times that day ?
It ’s an affirmation that this firestorm has sucked all the oxygen out of the political debate in America .
I had some confidence that we would at least pick up some more votes .
Well , the president gave his speech — the apology / nonapology speech — and we took up the bill .
It was two days of desultory discussion .
It was n’t even a debate .
Nothing in the media , no phone calls , no interest .
We got the same 52 votes , and it was like dropping a stone in a well .
Did you expect it to end this way ?
You can understand people who want power and want to corrupt or destroy the constitutional balance .
You can understand that , because that ’s why our Founding Fathers set up this system of checks and balances :
There are always going to be people who want more power than is appropriate or healthy for the republic .
But certainly , never in my life did I contemplate such a tawdry thing .
Such an embarrassment .
Does n’t the current situation strike you as going a little too far ?
I do n’t blame Mr. Starr as much as I blame the law .
The responsibility has to come back to Congress for formulating such a law , perhaps even the president for signing it .
How many of your colleagues could have withstood a Kenneth Starr ?
I do n’t know , because I do n’t know their personal lives .
I do n’t socialize with many senators , much less House members , but let me tell you , I ’m one who has undergone a special counsel .
The special counsel ’s name was Mr. Robert Bennett in the Keating Five matter .
[ But ] your point is legitimate , because Bennett was not given a charter to look at whether I had an affair 30 years ago with Cherie Snodgrass .
[ Laughs . ]
Give me an example of why you think we need campaign finance reform .
The so - called Telecommunications Reform Act of 1996 , where every major telecommunications company was protected .
Only one group was not represented while we formulated that particular piece of legislation , and that was — guess who ?
— the average American citizen , who has seen the cable rates go up 20 percent [ in some cities ] , who has seen mergers and consolidations within the industry that have been found to be anticompetitive .
You know how many people voted against that bill ?
Five .
As for the businesses [ that lobbied for the bill ] , I respect those people , because they ’re trying to do the best they can for their stockholders , and they have fiduciary responsibilities .
I do n’t blame them for trying , for enhancing their profits and protecting their turf .
I blame us for falling prey to the influence of somebody like AT&T , which in 1996 gave $ 780,000 to Republicans and $ 456,000 to Democrats — which is not political schizophrenia , it ’s good business .
If I were a CEO of a major corporation , I would do the same thing .
I would say , Look guys , they ’re passing legislation .
Get down there to Washington and make sure that we are n’t harmed by it .
So I do n’t hold animosity toward them .
I hold animosity toward the system , which is completely broken .
Where , in the words of [ Sen . ]
Fred Thompson [ R - Tenn . ] , there is no limit to the amount that you can contribute to any campaign in America .
How much difference did Thompson ’s investigation into fundraising practices in the ’ 96 election really make ?
Two things happened with Thompson ’s committee .
One was that we were unable to act in a bipartisan fashion .
But there was also the factor that Republicans made sure that there was only one year under which Thompson ’s committee could operate , thereby allowing the administration to just walk it .
And they were selling seats on trade missions .
Not to mention everything else in government .
Your own party was n’t missing any dirt under the fingernails , either —
Go no further .
If this independent counsel is appointed , and I believe it will [ be ] , either to investigate [ former White House Deputy Chief of Staff Harold ]
Ickes or the vice president , you will see this scandal touch Republicans as well .
Your point is very well made .
Why do you think the Republicans made sure that the committee stayed in business for only a year ?
It ’s the system .
The system makes good people do bad things , and bad people do worse things .
And we are dramatically diminished in the eyes of the people we represent when we are a product of a system that has become fundamentally corrupt .
The conventional wisdom is that money does n’t buy votes , it buys access .
But access buys influence .
You forget there ’s a corollary to that .
So how do you handle it ?
Because I ’m chairman of the Commerce Committee , I see the CEOs of major corporations .
Which has nothing to do with campaign donations —
I have oversight of their businesses and I ’ll see the CEOs .
I do n’t see the lobbyists , OK ?
If somebody calls — say if the CEO of PrimeStar wants to see me — I say , “ Fine , tell him to come in . ”
But if a lobbyist with PrimeStar calls and says he wants to come in , I say , “ No , talk to my staff . ”
But when Gene Kimmelman of the Consumers Union or Joan Claybrook of Public Citizen wants to talk to me , I say , “ Come on in . ”
What I try to do is listen to a balanced set of viewpoints , not dictated by campaign contributions or anything else , whether they ’re Republicans or Democrats or Libertarians or vegetarians .
But there ’s nothing wrong with talking to people who are the experts on the issues .
Certainly .
But it was reported earlier this year that when Microsoft ’s COO Bob Herbold came to visit you , he asked what Microsoft could be doing better in Washington and you told him to fire up a lobbying campaign .
No , no .
I said , “ The way the game ’s played in Washington , you ’re gonna have to have a greater presence here in Washington , ” is basically what I said .
In a perfect world I would say , “ Stay out and do n’t have anything to do with [ lobbying ] , ” but you have to have a presence here in Washington .
Bill Gates has given you money , and so has Rupert Murdoch .
Both have business before your committee .
This is exactly the thing that most people would raise an eyebrow at .
Why do you take their money ?
It would be nearly impossible for me to raise money without them .
But the important point here is that the evil is soft money .
There ’s nothing wrong , in my view , with taking a $ 1,000 contribution from anybody who wants to give it .
And if it comes from Mr. Gates , or if it comes from my next - door neighbor in Phoenix , I think it ’s OK .
I do n’t think the system was corrupted until soft money exploded , and I wo n’t have anything to do with soft money .
A number of observers have noted that if Microsoft ’s antitrust issues were heard in your committee instead of the Judiciary Committee , Microsoft would get a much friendlier reception .
They ’d get a friendly reception in my committee because a lot of us have grave concerns about what the government ’s doing here .
Our focus is not antitrust considerations — it ’s the health of the telecommunications industry in America .
Our interest and our charter are directed toward the future of the industry .
So you ’re not worried about Microsoft warping the industry ?
I worried about IBM warping everyone .
I worried about Apple warping everyone until they screwed up their marketing techniques .
But I do n’t think Mr. Gates , or anyone , knows where this industry is going , as smart as he is .
Of course I ’m concerned about it .
My question is , What is the role of the federal government ?
I remember when the federal government brought a suit against IBM .
And then 13 years later , it went before some judge and said it ’s irrelevant because of the rapid changes in the computer industry .
You not only have had combat experience in Vietnam , but you were also a prisoner of war .
When you look at terrorism right now , with people like Osama bin Laden , do you have any reservations about watching strikes like that ?
You could say , Look , is this guy , Laden , really the bad guy that ’s depicted ?
Most of us have never heard of him before .
And where there is a parallel with Vietnam is :
What ’s plan B ?
What do we do next ?
We sent our troops into Vietnam to protect the bases .
Lyndon Johnson said ,
Only to protect the bases .
Next thing you know … .
Well , we ’ve declared to the terrorists that we ’re going to strike them wherever they live .
That ’s fine .
But what ’s next ?
That ’s where there might be some comparison .
Now , about tobacco …
Ah , part of my string of successes : campaign finance reform , tobacco bill , pork - barrel spending .
I have a number of notches in my gun .
When you were handed that task , what was your first thought ?
I thought , “ This is going to be a huge undertaking . ”
But I thought that we could do it .
I underestimated several challenges , but primarily I underestimated the willingness of the tobacco companies to spend as much money as they did , in such a concentrated fashion .
Kathleen Hall Jamieson of the Annenberg Public Policy Center did a study that showed that more money was spent on this than any other [ single - issue campaign ] , and they really saturated , including my state , by the way .
One of the ones they saturated with was , “ What ’s happened to John McCain ?
He ’s become a big- spending , big - government liberal — what ’s happened to John McCain ? ”
After X million [ dollars ] , people started stopping in the street and saying , “ What ’s happened to you ? ”
Like I had an automobile accident or a lobotomy .
So it had great effect .
Did you see that as the beginning of something more ominous ?
I first saw that they would do anything , because they are bad people .
They are really bad people .
And I thought they would probably attack me personally , because if they could take me down , they could take anybody down .
And they were running full - page ads in Roll Call with my picture .
Why do you think they were doing that ?
Because they were influencing voters ?
No .
They were influencing members .
In terms of influence , it seems that the religious right has succeeded in making sexual morality the pre-eminent national issue .
My party is a majority , which means there are more elements to it , and which argues for a bigger tent .
If we ’re going to get the center and hold the center , then we ’re going to have to be able to tolerate and even embrace , on occasion , disparate views .
And I could make you a case , if you look at elections , that the so - called Christian right has been losing as many elections as they ’ve been winning .
Yes or no :
Are you going to run for president in 2000 ?
I ’m going to run for re-election in the Senate , and then I ’m going to start the decision - making process .
I have no PAC ; I have no campaign team .
I have been to New Hampshire , I think , twice this year .
I ’ve been to Iowa once or twice .
I ’m not one of those frequent visitors .
And I just decided [ that ] after the election I would start talking to people to see if it ’s a viable undertaking .
Finally , speaking of presidential politics and ethics :
What is character ?
Human foibles , whether they be a predilection , or immorality , or gambling , or mistreating your wife , or kicking dogs — that ’s a different kind , in my view , of morality .
Whereas character —
I ’m trying to think who it was who said , “ Character is who you are in the dark . ”
One of my greatest criticisms of this administration is that every time I talk to one of their people on an issue , you know what their opening phrase is ?
Three words : “ We polled this . ”
We polled this , so you should vote for school uniforms , you should be in favor of putting deadbeat dads ’ pictures in the post office , you should be in favor of whatever it is , the issue du jour .
How many Americans do you think favored the United States , under the aegis of the United Nations , sending 480,000 Americans to fight and 54,000 of them dying in Korea ?
What if Harry Truman had said , Let ’s take a poll here as to whether the American people want us to send troops to Korea .
See what I mean ?
That ’s my point .
That ’s what character is , OK ?
Profanity in the workplace may be considered taboo at most companies , but a new British study shows that office expletives might actually help boost morale .
Swearing can help develop and maintain solidarity among workers , as well as relieve stress , according to the study conducted by researchers at the University of East Anglia , based in Norwich , England .
" Employees use swearing on a continuous basis , but not necessarily in a negative , abusive manner , " said Yehuda Baruch , a professor at the university 's Norwich Business School and one of the directors of the study .
Baruch was particularly interested in the findings from a management perspective .
" We hope that this study will serve not only to acknowledge the part that swearing plays in our work and our lives , but also to indicate that leaders sometimes need to think differently and be open to intriguing ideas , " Baruch said .
" The primary issue for management is whether or not to apply a tolerant leadership culture to the workplace and deliberately allow swearing . "
While Baruch maintained that swearing could have a positive impact in the workplace , he also warned against allowing profanity in front of customers and senior staff , adding that it should be banned if anybody is offended .
However , some experts were skeptical of the study whose participants , Baruch conceded , were " quite young . "
According to Robert Perkins , president of Corporate Psychology , an Atlanta - based management consulting firm , some employees could be offended by office cursing , but not feel comfortable speaking out against the group .
" That kind of behavior intimidates people and violates their space , " Perkins said .
Still , banning profanity also could backfire , Baruch said .
" Managers need to understand how their staff feel about swearing , " he said .
" The challenge is to master the ' art ' of knowing when to turn a blind eye . "
DOCTORS should ask their teenage patients what type of music they prefer to determine if they are at risk of developing a mental illness or committing suicide , researchers say .
A study , published in today 's Australasian Psychiatry journal , found that teens who listened to pop music were more likely to be struggling with their sexuality , those tuning in to rap or heavy metal could be having unprotected sex and drink - driving , and those who favoured jazz were usually misfits and loners .
The findings prompted a call for doctors to include musical tastes as a diagnostic indicator in mental health assessments .
The study 's author , Felicity Baker , said yesterday : " There is no evidence to suggest the type of music you listen to will cause you to commit suicide , but those who are vulnerable and at risk of committing suicide may be listening to certain types of music . "
She said an Australian study of year 10 students had shown significant associations between heavy metal music and suicidal tendencies , depression , delinquency and drug - taking .
The only scientific team to successfully brave Hurricane Ike 's knock - down winds and swells in Galveston was the DOW , the Doppler on Wheels mobile weather radar operated by the Center for Severe Weather Research ( CSWR ) in Boulder , Colo .
" The DOW mission to Ike provided , for the first time , high - resolution radar data collected from the ground of the inside of a hurricane eye strengthening during landfall , and from a hurricane that directly impacted a large urban area , " said scientist Josh Wurman of CWSR .
The National Science Foundation ( NSF ) - supported DOW was deployed on a 35 - foot - high overpass in Galveston during the passage of Ike .
" The mission will allow researchers to better understand how phenomena called fine - scale wind streaks and boundary layer rolls , discovered by the the DOW in 1996 , affect hurricane evolution , " said Steve Nelson , program director in NSF 's Division of Atmospheric Sciences , which funds the DOW .
" These rolls may be important in how efficiently heat is extracted from the ocean , and how strongly hurricane winds are slowed by surface friction . "
The DOW collected data for 17 hours .
The center of Ike 's eye passed nearly directly over the DOW , allowing scientists to take measurements of the front and rear eyewalls , and of the inside of the eye .
Deployed with the DOW were two vehicles equipped with instruments to track winds and raindrop size distributions , and ten unmanned " pods , " which measured winds at locations so close to the water that human observers could not safely remain in the vicinity .
The vehicles were deployed at raised locations near the ends of the Galveston Causeway .
The pods stood watch in lines on the end of the Galveston Sea Wall and the Texas City Sea Wall , with 500 - meter - spacing so the passage of small - scale gusts could be measured .
The DOW observed several mesovortices -- swirling winds -- in Ike 's eyewall , which intensified winds and rainfall as these mesovortices rotated around the eye .
" The mesovortices are likely associated with some of the worst localized wind damage caused by Ike , " said Wurman .
" The understanding from the DOW project is essential to improving forecasts of hurricane intensity , path , and rainfall amounts , " he said .
" It will lead to new insights on the nature of near surface winds in hurricanes , the behavior of hurricane eyewalls and processes inside eyewalls , and processes in hurricane rainbands . "
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - Iran plans to execute 30 people in the capital Tehran on Sunday for murder , drug smuggling and other crimes , newspapers reported on Saturday .
Police have arrested dozens of people in recent weeks in a new crackdown on “ immoral behavior ” in the Islamic Republic , whose human rights record is often criticized in the West .
Etemad-e Melli daily said 20 of those to be executed on Sunday were drug traffickers and 10 were murderers .
It said many of them had committed more than one crime .
“ Thirty people convicted of crimes such as murder , drug smuggling , disrupting public security , illegal relationships and stealing will be executed at dawn on Sunday , ” the daily quoted Tehran ’s prosecutor office as saying .
Iran usually carries out executions in prison , by hanging .
At least 10 people were hanged in the country in July .
In September last year , 21 people were executed in one day , in two different locations .
Murder , adultery , rape , armed robbery , apostasy and drug trafficking are all punishable by death under Iran ’s Sharia law , enforced since Iran ’s 1979 Islamic revolution .
Amnesty International in April listed Iran as the world ’s second most prolific executioner last year , with at least 317 people put to death , trailing only China which carried out 470 death sentences .
Iran rejects accusations it is violating human rights and accuses the West of double standards and hypocrisy .
It 's snowing on Mars Crystals no surprise as winter prepares to ice spacecraft 's mission
The planet Mars is pictured in this March 10 , 1997 Hubble Space Telescope file photograph .
The planet Mars is pictured in this March 10 , 1997 Hubble Space Telescope file photograph .
Photo : NASA , REUTERS Photo : NASA , REUTERS Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close
It 's snowing on Mars 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
It 's snowing on Mars and winter is icumen in - to misquote the Middle English paean to springtime .
Scientists studying the coded signals from the lander Phoenix on the planet 's arctic surface detected the snow falling lightly from clouds drifting across the sky some 2 1/2 miles above the spacecraft , said James Whiteway , an atmospheric scientist from York University in Canada .
" Nothing like this has ever been seen on Mars before , " he said .
Whiteway , whose team built the weather station aboard Phoenix , said the ice crystals appeared to vaporize before they reached the red Martian ground .
Not that snow was unexpected .
Whiteway said his instruments have watched the clouds drifting across the horizon every morning after the sun rises .
His Lidar instrument - an acronym for laser detection and ranging - on the spacecraft shoots a green laser beam up into the clouds 100 times a second , and the falling snow reflects brightly in each pulse .
Meanwhile , NASA scientists continue to decipher the signals sent back to Earth from Phoenix , now busy analyzing the soil and ice on the planet 's surface .
In a telephone briefing for reporters Monday , the project 's chief scientist , Peter H. Smith of the University of Arizona , said that five months of rooting around in the soft and dry soil of the landing site with the spacecraft 's mobile robotic digging arm has confirmed that there 's a " skating rink " of water ice a little more than 2 inches below the red soil .
That surface soil itself seems so dry remains a mystery .
Measurements of the ice indicate it has an alkaline level - known as pH - of 8.3 , and is very similar to seawater , said Michael Hecht , a physicist at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena .
There also appears to be plenty of calcium carbonate in the tiny particles of the icy soil , he said .
Additionally , there are signs of several clay minerals whose sheeted structures hold molecules of water vapor , said William Boynton of the University of Arizona , whose miniature ovens aboard Phoenix heat the soil and ice to drive off identifying vapors .
" We can now begin rewriting the book of Martian chemistry , " said Hecht .
The scientists must work fast now , for winter is indeed approaching .
During the spacecraft 's first three months on Mars , the sun never sank below the horizon , leaving plenty of solar energy for Phoenix to power all its instruments .
Now , however , the sun sinks beneath the horizon for more than four hours every Martian night , according to Barry Goldstein , the Phoenix project manager and chief engineer at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory .
It 's also getting colder , and that drains power from the instruments because they must be kept warm in order to operate , he said .
Before the end of October , Goldstein said , there wo n't be enough power left to keep the lander 's robotic arm operating , so digging into the soil and scraping ice samples from beneath the soil will have to stop .
By November , Phoenix will be standing rigidly in the pitch dark , and carbon dioxide in the atmosphere will encase it in ice like some otherworldly frozen mummy - at more than 150 degrees below zero Fahrenheit .
That should make a weird picture , and Goldstein said the Phoenix team will ask NASA to have the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter high above send images to Earth of what it looks like .
There is n't much chance that Phoenix will recover once sunlight returns next year , Goldstein said .
His engineers have created a " Lazarus mode " software program to wake the spacecraft up .
" But I do n't really believe it 's possible , " he said .
© American Consumer News , LLC dba MarketBeat® 2010 - 2020 .
All rights reserved .
326 E 8th St # 105 , Sioux Falls , SD 57103 | [ email protected ] | ( 844 ) 978-6257
MarketBeat does not provide financial advice and does not issue recommendations or offers to buy stock or sell any security .
Learn more .
Do Not Sell My Information
© 2020 Market data provided is at least 10 - minutes delayed and hosted by Barchart Solutions .
Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar and Zacks Investment Research .
Information is provided ' as - is ' and solely for informational purposes , not for trading purposes or advice , and is delayed .
To see all exchange delays and terms of use please see disclaimer .
If you like to keep things lightweight and small , on the contrary to those running around with a huge telescope attached to their cell phones , here ’s a handy battery charger that might be right up your alley .
Description Simple enough and Light weight .
Adopt high capability switch power supply with efficient transforming .
Less Exhausting of power .
Reliable performance and no radiation .
Extending the stand time and the longevity of battery .
Handsome shape and travel convenient .
Can charge all shape of mobile phone batteries .
The Multi Cellular Batteries USB Tiny Charger is available from Mobile Brando for $ 12 .
From Trends in Cognitive Science :
The current debate over whether to teach Intelligent Design creationism in American public schools provides the rare opportunity to watch the interaction between scientific knowledge and intuitive beliefs play out in courts rather than cortex .
Although it is tempting to think the controversy stems only from ignorance about evolution , a closer look reinforces what decades of research in cognitive and social psychology have already taught us : that the relationship between understanding a claim and believing a claim is far from simple .
Research in education and psychology confirms that a majority of college students fail to understand evolutionary theory , but also finds no support for a relationship between understanding evolutionary theory and accepting it as true [ 1,2 ] .
We believe the intuitive appeal of Intelligent Design owes as much to misconceptions about science and morality as it does to misconceptions about evolution .
To support this position we present a brief tour of misconceptions : evolutionary , scientific and moral .
This strikes a tone very similar to this past Summer ’s Evolution and Design course by Allen MacNeill .
In particular , it ’s similar to the conclusion of one of the course ’s students , Elena Brouddus , that humans are predisposed to perceptions of purpose and teleology in a way that easily generates false positives :
A tendency toward teleology :
Why we see purpose in the natural world .
( . pdf version )
Lombrozo and colleagues also conclude , however :
A proper understanding of evolutionary theory and its consequences requires more than a few lessons in biology .
It also requires lessons from philosophy of science about what constitutes a scientific theory and an empirical test , and lessons from moral philosophy about the difference between empirical claims and moral claims .
Perhaps this is what ought to be taught alongside evolution in America ’s public schools .
That sounds about right , and I completely agree – I think , for instance , that certain members of Cornell ’s IDEA club exhibit gross misunderstandings of science and its underlying philosophies and what constitutes testable predictions , to start with .
( HT : Chris )
UBS star Jonathan Wood raised $ 3 billion to start hedge fund SRM Global in 2006 .
There 's $ 450 million left .
Also , investors can't get their remaining pennies out , because they agreed at the onset to stay invested for five years .
WSJ :
Mr. Wood 's SRM Global Master Fund raised about $ 3 billion in one of the largest European hedge - fund launches ever when Mr. Wood founded it in September 2006 , along with several other former UBS colleagues .
Mr. Wood generally takes a long - term approach to investing .
His flagship SRM Global Master Fund holds large equity positions in companies involved in mergers , financial restructurings and other corporate actions .
[ Unfortunately , the bets included Bear Stearns , Countrywide , etc ... ]
This year , the hedge fund was down about 77 % through July , which comes on top of a roughly 34 % decline last year , the person familiar with the returns said .
From the fund 's 2006 launch to the end of July , the S&P 500 index was down 3.3 % .
See Also : Hedge Funds Have Worst Month In Five Years
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet
Tuesday , September 30 , 2008
Stephen Spoonamore warns in a new interview that electronic voting machines represent a national security threat and that hackers are already planning to steal the 2008 presidential election for John McCain .
Spoonamore is a GOP member and a lifelong Republican , having worked on election campaigns with Rudy Giuliani and Michael Bloomberg .
He also has 20 years worth of experience in encrypted and networked communications systems for banks , TV , telecommunications , EMS , Military and other uses .
In an ten part You Tube interview , Spoonamore warns that hackers are planning to steal the election on behalf of the McCain camp and even predicts the margin of victory , that McCain will make a “ shocking recovery ” and win 51.2 percent of the vote with three electoral votes over Obama .
“ This is a national security threat , ” said Spoonamore , “ it is very possible for a foreign government to begin manipulating that transmission of code just as they attempt to do fairly often with our financial data …. we deal with it every day on the commercial side , ” he added , noting that China , and not the American people , has a greater chance of choosing the next U.S. president .
Spoonamore also fingered Israel as another foreign government that was planning to attempt to hack the 2008 election .
“ We do n’t know who ’s changing the vote now – these weird results are coming in all over , ” said Spoonamore , adding that the danger of the vote being hacked by Israel , China or Russia is an even greater threat than partisan vote fraud on behalf of the Democrats and Republicans .
“ You ’ve built a vulnerable system and many people would want to exploit that vulnerability and not all of them have the best interests of our nation at heart , ” he added .
In the interview , Spoonamore stresses how easy it is to hack an electronic voting machine and rig an election .
“ If people think that a voting machine that calls in to a tabulator is any different than all those cash registers calling in to the central processor – it ’s the same thing , ” said Spoonamore .
“ If you put a man in the middle attack , a computer sitting in the middle that can change or capture or manipulate the information , it will do so , ” he added .
“ It ’s valuable to be president …. if you can steal it for a couple of million bucks why not , ” said Spoonamore , adding that the last two presidential elections were stolen .
Spoonamore said that he had personally witnessed people attempting to hack election systems and since going public with his testimony had received threats not to talk about vote fraud because it would undermine American ’s confidence in the voting process , to which Spoonamore responded that people should doubt their vote because “ it ’s being stolen ” .
Spoonamore said that top Republican operatives had told him that election hacking was “ just a different methodology ” but they did n’t grasp the fact that if you build a hackable system , “ there ’s hundreds of sharks that want to hack it and you will not know who the final hacker was . ”
Spoonamore said that the only way to prevent elections being stolen is a complete return to paper ballots , a “ move back to what worked so well for 190 years , ” and the elimination of electronic voting machines .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Paralegal Angela Robinson is suing renowned ambulance - chaser Richard Laminack for encouraging her to perform sexual acts on a witness , demanding sexual favors from employees , and trying to defraud Fen - Phen plaintiffs .
The American Lawyer : Wow .
That 's really the only possible reaction after reading paralegal Angela Robinson 's complaint against Texas plaintiffs giant Richard Laminack , filed in trial court this month .
The lawsuit , which seeks $ 55,000 for wrongful termination and other causes , accuses Laminack of demanding sexual favors from male and female employees , encouraging Robinson to perform sex acts on a witness who was not " doing well " during a deposition , and hatching a scheme to defraud plaintiffs in Fen - Phen cases ...
Robinson , who claims she was fired after threatening to blow the whistle on her boss , says Laminack forced her to work overtime without pay in preparing for the Fen - Phen cases .
Perhaps more damning , Robinson says Laminack ordered checks on non-existent medical records for Fen - Phen clients and then docked the cost of the records checks from the clients ' settlement shares .
See Also :
Wife Sues Philandering Investment Banker Husband For Giving Her Genital Warts
Qatar Sheik Ships Lamborghini Murcielago To London For $ 47.000 Oil Change
Bailey is an accomplished musician as well as a stand - up comic
Comedian Bill Bailey will be replaced by a series of guest captains when comedy quiz Never Mind the Buzzcocks returns to BBC Two on 2 October .
Bailey is bowing out after " 11 series selflessly , heroically and hilariously " leading one of the show 's two teams , said its producer Talkback Thames .
Music producer Mark Ronson , X Factor host Dermot O'Leary and comic Jack Dee will be among those filling his shoes .
Host Simon Amstell and team captain Phill Jupitus will appear as normal .
Never Mind the Buzzcocks first aired on the BBC in 1996 , with Mark Lamarr asking the questions and Jupitus and Sean Hughes answering them .
' Other commitments '
Bailey , an accomplished musician who is leaving the show due to unspecified " other commitments " , took over from Hughes in 2002 .
The comedy panel show made headlines last year when Ordinary Boys singer Samuel Preston walked out during recording .
The performer - who had taken exception to Amstell reading from an autobiography written by his then partner , Big Brother 's Chantelle Houghton - was replaced by a member of the studio audience .
Taylor Earnhardt Promo Honors Dale Earnhardt 's Memory ( Photos )
, 19 year old daughter of deceased racing legend . , unveiled a collectible car that honors her father and film legend .
The Texas Motor Speedway promotion was announced in the Stockyard on Thursday .
TMS President Eddie Gossage was on hand with Taylor Earnhardt and Marisa Wayne Ditteaux , daughter of the late actor John Wayne to kick off a limited edition collectible giveaway for the first 333 customers who buy 4 tickets in the front stretch seating area for the November 2nd NASCAR Dickie 500 Sprint Cup race .
The Dale and The Duke die cast reproduction cars are in 1/24 scale and are estimated to be worth $ 75.00 .
Also on hand were Earnhardt Sr.'s widow Terry Earnhardt , President and CEO of Motorsports Authentics Mark Dyer and Hollywood actor Buck Taylor .
The Legends series has already produced a collectible which featured Earnhardt and country music great Johnny Cash .
Taylor Earnhardt , who will be twenty years old in December , is into racing - western barrel racing .... that is .
She has won championships in both the junior and senior divisions .
Check out more photos - click to enlarge .
Photos : WENN , PicApp
September 30 , 2008 – 4:40 pm
Imagine being able to travel the world and try 52 different jobs over the course of a year a week a time to find your calling , thats what Sean Aiken has done .
26 Year old Canadian , Sean Aiken started his journey after graduating from college in Business Administration to seek out his dream job by trying a new job every week for one year .
His website , Oneweekjob.com solicites visitors for jobs for one week .
It has taken him across the continental US , Canada , and recently , as a park ranger at Hawai ’i Volcanoes National Park .
Aiken has taken on various jobs from photographer in New York , Realtor in LA , Preschool teacher in Idaho , and many others .
Hes wound down his yearlong adventure as mayor in his home town , Port Moody , British Columbia .
He has a slew of youtube videos of his adventures and press coverage he received over the year .
His yearlong adventure has come to a close , but he will be writing a book on his travels and adventures of his ultimate job hopping experience , and is producing a video documentary .
Very interesting and inspiring concept , as many meander through their lives hoping to come across something they love doing , but with the constraints of time and money , most do n’t have the luxury to do what Sean Aiken has done .
At least we can daydream how great it would have been to do what he has done through his documentary .
Dr. Drew Tells Playboy that Tom Cruise was Neglected Child
Dr.of Celebrity Rehab did an interview that will appear in the July issue of Playboy magazine .
Pinsky was asked by the interviewer how people become ' screwed up ' adults .
The learned doctor suggested that child abuse is often the cause and proceeded to use a well known star as an example .
Pinsky cited Tom Cruise as an example of someone who suffers from adult mental illness .
He was quoted as saying :
A lot of people in the public eye who behave strangely have mental illness we can learn from , and much of it is based on childhood trauma , without a doubt .
Take a guy like Tom Cruise .
Why would somebody be drawn into a cultish kind of environment like Scientology ? ”
To me , that ’s a function of a very deep emptiness and suggests serious neglect in childhood – maybe some abuse but mostly neglect .
If you feel completely empty and suddenly you find a family that fills you in a deep and spiritual way , you will go in that direction .
His taking that narrow base of expertise and using it to influence so many people is a dangerous combination , but he is just gratifying his emptiness . ”
As one might imagine , Tom Cruise 's lawyer Bert Fields jumped all over the statements that were made by Pinsky .
He issued the following statement on behalf of his client Cruise :
No competent professional would ever pretend to diagnose anyone he ’s never met .
Pinsky ’s opinions are ridiculous .
He ’s out to use names of celebrities to attract attention to his television show .
He should be ashamed of himself . ”
Now Dr. Drew has issued his own statement through a representative claiming that he is sorry if his comments were hurtful .
What is it with these TV doc's ?
We 've seen Dr. Drew and Dr. Phil stooping to inappropriate and self serving behavior .
Not good for your credibility guys .
Photos : WENN
Will To Power I am a 21 - year - old boy .
I know many girls who are ready to share a bed with me .
Is it right to enjoy sex with so many girls , or is sex something I should only do with my wife ?
I am still virgin , so please help me .
– Want To Be A Ladies ’ Man
Provided you treat the women in your life with respect , use protection , and are honest with everyone involved , I see no problem with having premarital sex .
Go ahead , live a little .
Sex is most definitely not something you need to save for marriage unless you really want to .
( Honestly , I do n’t know very many people with that kind of willpower . )
Just make sure you ’re not all hung up on the idea of your wife being a virgin — if you ’re allowed to have tested the waters before marriage , then she is , too .
And remember kids , use condoms !
January 5 , 2009 at 7:17 am
Everybody ’s Free …To Be You And Me I am currently in an open relationship and both my partner and I find it immensely satisfying .
We are best friends of the quintessential “ call up at 4 am about anything ” kind .
We can turn to each other for anything we need , physically and emotionally .
I thank the fates every day for bringing this wonderful , beautiful woman into my life .
We connect so well that people often comment that we are exact duplicates of each other .
We love each other , but not in the traditional sense–rather in a ‘ best buds ’ kind of way .
We enjoy our intimacy and our mutual desire for one another , but we both have a very healthy sex drive and do not limit ourselves .
We both sex outside our relationship .
It ’s all well and good , and we have a nice , cozy arrangement in place .
What could possibly be the problem ?
Recently her parents found out about this arrangement of ours , on account of family friends of hers who had no business poking their nose into our affairs .
While her parents are fairly liberal in matters of love and sex , they have expressed strong misgivings about the kind of relationship their daughter and I have .
Me ?
I do n’t give a damn about what anyone thinks of my personal life .
But my partner is very close to her parents and wants them to approve of our relationship .
She has convinced her parents to have a sit - down with both of us and talk things over .
I can see her parents ’ point of view — I guess they want to make sure that I do n’t hurt their “ little girl ” in any way .
But I ’m also terribly flustered at the thought of discussing our relationship with them .
I ’ve never met them before and , quite frankly , I do n’t know what I could possibly say to them to make them feel better about this .
Her parents live in Hyderabad and they are coming down to Chennai in a couple of weeks to meet with us .
I ’m usually a big fan of the “ be yourself ” model of living , but I ’m not entirely sure that being myself is such a good idea in this particular case .
Any suggestions as to how I should go about this ?
– Being Myself Could Cause Trouble
I have to say , it ’s rare for me to get letters where it truly seems like everyone involved has the best of intentions and is approaching the situation with maturity and grace .
You and your partner seem to have a lot of mutual respect and her parents also appear to be willing to at least try to understand their daughter ’s relationship decisions .
When everyone is coming to the table as caring adults and not hysterical , judgmental harpies , then I think it ’s safe to say that half the battle has already been won .
Way to go , letter - writer .
That being said , you and your partner both have to acknowledge the limits of what reasonable discussion accomplish .
It ’s very clear from your letter that the two of you have a healthy and trusting relationship and that you figured out how to the non-exclusivity thing really well .
However , it ’s also natural for people who care about you both to be concerned — open relationships are not the most common romantic arrangement , and realizing that your child has a loving , romantic partnership that is n’t sexually exclusive can be a very disconcerting thing .
My advice ?
I think your partner should have this pow - wow with her parents alone .
As it is , they ’re going to feel discombobulated and wrong - footed about the whole thing discussion , and it ’s best not to add to their confusion by asking them to meet the man behind the myth before they ’ve even had a chance to digest the particular ins - and - outs ( so to speak ) of your relationship .
Also , these are her parents , not yours , and if she cares so much about their approval then she needs to take responsibility for seeing that she has it .
I would also advise you two to be patient and not get your expectations too high ; this kind of disclosure can take a long time to settle in , and her parents are not going to be accepting and happy - go - lucky about this after just one sit - down .
Getting them to accept and approve of your relationship is going to require a whole series of conversations , and the more easygoing you both are about this , the more likely it is that the ‘ rents feel reassured .
On a final note , you mentioned that your partner ’s parents found out about your relationship through nosy family friends ?
Do you mind my asking how exactly the family friends got in the loop ?
The only reason why I ’m wondering is because it ’s just possible your partner told them about it .
If that ’s the case , then I suggest have an honest conversation with her about how you ’re both feeling about the non-monogamous nature of your relationship .
If indeed your partner did tell them , it ’s entirely possible that your she was seeking their approval or their advice , and that she might not be feeling as positive about your relationship as you do .
I do n’t at all doubt the sincerity of your regard for her , but it ’s a good idea to make sure you ’re both on the same page before moving forward .
Good luck , you crazy cut-ups !
January 5 , 2009 at 7:14 am
“ Hot Girl - On - Girl Action ” I ’m really confused about whether I might be a lesbian .
I ’m attracted to guys and I have a boyfriend , but I get really turned on by watching lesbian porn .
I use it to masturbate all the time .
However , I ’m not attracted to any of my girlfriends or any of the girls I know .
Am I a lesbian or bisexual , or is all of this just a normal part of growing up ?
Please help me , I ’m so confused .
– It ’s Hard Not Knowing I feel you , girl .
I know a lot of straight women who dig lesbian porn , and the whole thing can be very confusing , both personally and politically .
I ’ve thought about this issue a lot ( as have many other feminist thinkers far more learned than yours truly ) , and my feeling about the “ lesbian ” porn you find on the Internet is that it ’s not really about lesbianism or same - sex desire at all .
That particular brand of porn is all about women performing a simulacrum of lesbian desire for an assumed - to - be heterosexual male audience .
( Of course , a lot of the audience is actually female — in much the same way that the real audience of the now - defunct Playgirl magazine was not straight women , but gay men .
But I digress . )
The point is , I think a lot of the directors and producers of porn assume that straight men want nothing more than to see lots and lots of naked girls prancing around — if one is good , then two ( or more ) is even better .
And if those two girls happen to be making out , well , that ’s just part of the game , too .
The implicit assumption is that they ’re not kissing because they ’re really attracted to each other ( ‘ cause that would be , you know , too gay ) , but because they ’re both so into sex that they ’d do it with anything that moves , even someone of the same gender .
“ Girl - on - girl ” porn is such a crazy mix of homophobia and queer performance that it ’s hard to know what to think .
But for what it ’s worth , here ’s what I think : while there ’s something disturbing about the way lesbian desire has been defanged and commodified for straight consumption , there ’s also no reason why anyone should have to apologize for what turns them on .
Provided that a person ’s taste in smut does n’t include incest , pedophilia , or bestiality , I do n’t think it ’s at all productive to ask an individual to account for what turns their crank .
If you like lesbian porn , then you like it .
It ’s really as simple as that .
I would n’t worry too much about whether that makes you bisexual — and even if it did , there ’s nothing wrong with that , either .
Just one thing : if you find yourself becoming attracted to women in real life , do n’t beat yourself up about it .
Just go with it .
January 5 , 2009 at 7:11 am
All In The Family My brother recently disclosed to me that he is gay .
I have no issues with this at all and neither does my husband .
The real problem is my family , especially my parents .
It would break them to know about this , just totally shatter them along with the rest of our family .
My brother has been quite lonely and he has been fighting this battle alone for a long time .
It has affected his work many times .
Now he wants to find a partner , and he wants all of us to accept him and get to know him for who he really is .
I do have to say , ours is a very close - knit and liberal south Indian family — we ’ve even had inter-caste and international marriages .
We always support each other and everyone adores my brother .
However , I do n’t think my family members are liberal enough to accept that my brother is gay .
It would be so shocking for everybody !
I do n’t know how to handle this whole situation .
I want the best for my brother but I also do n’t want my parents to suffer .
They love us both a lot and they ’ve done a lot for us .
It ’s just not possible to tell them .
They ’re very naïve and this would affect them badly , both socially and emotionally .
So right now we ’re all just ignoring this issue and muddling through .
My parents tell people that my brother will marry when he wants to .
However , I know that one day or the other we will have to deal with this situation .
I just do n’t know how .
And please do n’t tell me that I have to sit down with my parents and explain what ’s going on .
I seriously think they would have a heart attack .
I read somewhere that homosexuality is not genetic — it ’s the environmental factors at childhood that are responsible .
I ’ve also read that it ’s possible to change with psychiatric intervention .
Is this true ?
Should I tell my brother about this possibility ?
What should I do ?
I really hope I will get a sense of direction from your reply .
–A Confused Sister
I think you need to focus less on what to do about your parents , and focus more on being a supportive presence for your brother .
The fact is , your brother is the only person who can make the decision about disclosing his orientation to your folks .
If you step in and do it for him , you ’ll be committing a terrible breach of trust .
He ’s entrusted you with this information because he knows you support him , and I have no doubt he ’s equally capable of deciding whether there ’ll ever be a good time to tell your parents .
He ’s the one who ’ll be dealing with the fallout of coming out , so he should be the one to decide when to do it .
Not you .
So do n’t sweat it .
If you really think your parents will never be able to handle it , then you ’re certainly free to communicate that opinion to your brother , but it ’s ultimately his choice to make .
But I have to say , I do understand your confusion .
It ’s very hard to keep secrets from your loved ones , especially on behalf of someone else .
Your taking on a big emotional responsibility and that ’s a tough thing to do .
And I ’m very impressed by the level of care and compassion you have for your sibling .
He ’s lucky to have you and your husband , and the best thing you can do for him is to continue to be supportive without judging him .
It ’s precisely the support of an encouraging relative or friend that can prevent a young queer person from falling into despair , growing desperate with loneliness , or making really stupid mistakes .
Your presence is invaluable here and you can really use this as an opportunity to know your brother better and develop a closer relationship with him .
I highly suggest that the both of you check out the website Orinam .
It ’s a support and resource website in Tamil and English for young queer people and their families .
You ’ll find a lot of advice and guidance there .
As for this issue of “ changing ” someone ’s sexual orientation through psychiatric therapy , it ’s been proven that these methods do n’t work because being gay or lesbian is not a disorder or pathology — psychiatric intervention does n’t work because there ’s no problem to fix .
In fact , the American Psychiatric Association removed homosexuality from the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders ( DSM - I ) in 1973 .
As further support , the APA , the American Psychological Association , the American Counseling Association , the General Assembly of the Norwegian Psychiatric Association , the Royal College of Psychiatrists in the UK , the Australian and New Zealand College of Psychiatrists , and the German Parliament have all denounced conversion therapy as unethical and stated that same - sex desire is not a mental disorder .
All of these organizations strongly suggest that practitioners do not refer clients to conversion therapists .
Heck , even the Chinese Classification of Mental Disorders ( CCMD — III ) has declassified homosexuality as a mental disorder .
Conversion therapy carries strong risks for undermining the emotional health of queer individuals and perpetuating self - harming behavior by encouraging individuals to reject this foundational aspect of their selfhood , and the therapy also encourages the continued societal stigmatization of queer people as mentally disturbed and ill .
The reason why I ’m going into so much detail is because I get a lot of letters from people asking about psychiatric therapy to change sexual orientation and it seems like there is a tremendous amount of misinformation floating around out there on this subject .
So let me come down on this once and for all : conversion therapy is unethical and damaging to individuals and communities .
Any doctor or therapist who tells you otherwise is selling you a bunch of bunkum .
Confused Sister : attempting to get your brother to “ convert ” to heterosexuality will only undermine his sense of identity , fuel into possible feelings of self - hatred and anxiety , and prevent him from being a strong , proud adult .
Do n’t go there .
December 17 , 2008 at 2:16 am
Older Posts Newer Posts
Here 's a unique defense to a Recording Industry Association of America file sharing lawsuit : Admit liability and challenge the law under which you 're being sued .
That 's what a Bronx woman did Monday in New York federal court ( .pdf ) .
Denise Barker is accused of file sharing eight songs on the Kazaa network in 2004 .
If found liable , she faces fines under the Copyright Act of $ 750 to $ 150,000 per song .
Barker 's attorney , Ray Beckerman , admitted the woman file shared and challenged the constitutionality of the Copyright Act , the law under which the RIAA sued Barker and thousands of others .
The fines the act authorizes for each download is unconstitutionally excessive and against U.S. Supreme Court precedent , Beckerman said .
Beckerman , who writes the Recording Industry vs The People blog , estimated its costs the industry $ 3.50 per download , meaning the penalties could exceed thousands of times the actual injury to the industry .
Rulings by the U.S. Supreme Court and other courts say financial punishments exceeding a 9 - to - 1 ratio are unconstitutional .
" It 's an ideal case to litigate the damages issue .
She actually did make some copies through Kazaa , " Beckerman said in a telephone interview .
The RIAA has sued more than 20,000 individuals for illegal file sharing .
Most of the accused settle out of court for a few thousand dollars .
Only one case has gone to trial .
In that case , A Duluth , Minnesota jury last year ordered Jammie Thomas to pay $ 222,000 for file sharing 24 songs on Kazaa .
She denied her guilt and challenged ( . pdf ) the constitutionality of the Copyright Act after she was found liable in October .
The Bush administration weighed - in , urging Judge Michael Davis to uphold the penalty .
A hearing in Thomas ' case was set for Monday , where the arguments instead are expected to focus on the so - called " making available " argument .
The RIAA claims that file sharers are liable for infringement solely for making available copyrighted works of music on peer - to - peer file sharing networks .
Among the reasons the RIAA makes such an argument is because it 's technologically impossible to know if a file sharer 's music has been downloaded by somebody who has not been authorized to copy it .
The judge in the Thomas case is considering ordering a new trial .
He 's concerned that he erred when he instructed jurors in October that the " making available " argument amounted to unauthorized distribution .
Illustration courtesy chazlarson
See Also :
The ban on deporting asylum - seekers back to Darfur has been lifted by the Government despite warnings of widespread murder and torture of dissidents in the Sudanese region .
One Darfuri has already been sent back to Sudan and another man , Abubaker Yousef Mohamad , will be returned next Sunday , The Independent has learnt .
He is alleged to have been detained for two months and beaten the last time he was deported .
Other Darfuri asylum - seekers have been told to expect deportation .
Ministers stand accused of hypocrisy for resuming the expulsion of Darfuris just 10 months after Gordon Brown called the region one of the world 's " darkest corners " , adding that " human rights are universal " .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
They were warned that asylum - seekers put on flights back to the Sudanese capital , Khartoum , would become targets for the police and security services .
The UN High Commissioner for Refugees has argued against the return of Darfuris to Khartoum , saying they face torture or death .
Deportations of Darfuris to Sudan were halted last year while the Home Office fought a legal battle with protest groups opposed to removals .
It promised removals would be put on hold while it reviewed fresh evidence of ill - treatment faced by Darfuris at the hands of Sudanese authorities .
The Home Office has confirmed it had authorised the resumption of removals of Darfuri refugees .
Campaigners and two Lib Dem frontbenchers will today write to the Home Secretary Jacqui Smith , calling for the deportations to be put on hold .
They said attacks by the rebel Justice and Equality Movement ( JEM ) near Khartoum two months ago made all Darfuris living in the capital vulnerable to persecution .
Mr Mohamad , a JEM activist , 33 , was arrested six weeks ago in London as he travelled to a meeting with his solicitors .
He was sent to Oakington immigration removal centre , Cambridgeshire .
He will be deported on 13 July .
He fled from Darfur to Turkey in 2003 after a raid on his village during which his brother had been killed and his wife had vanished .
But he was sent back to Sudan and arrested on his return to Khartoum .
During two months ' custody he says he was beaten with gun butts , metal rods and hoses .
A guard helped him escape and he travelled to Libya , France and then Britain .
His supporters argue that he would be a particular target for the Sudanese authorities because of his political activism and his previous prison escape .
Speaking through an interpreter he told The Independent : " Any Darfuri is at risk if they are returned to Sudan .
The authorities can differentiate between Darfuris and people from other parts of Sudan .
They know exactly who I am .
Britain was one of the leading countries to talk about the suffering of Darfur .
I am very disappointed . "
Louise Roland - Gosselin , director of the Waging Peace campaign group , said : " We 're deeply concerned at the British Government resuming its policy of returning Darfuri refugees to Khartoum , especially given the known arrests , torture and killings in the city . "
Donna Covey , the Refugee Council 's chief executive , said : " We are horrified these deportations have resumed .
It is inexplicable that the Prime Minister can take a lead in trying to solve the tragedy of Darfur , but one of his Government departments is removing those who have fled the genocide . "
In a letter to the Home Secretary , the Liberal Democrats ' home affairs spokesman , Chris Huhne , and its foreign affairs spokes - man , Ed Davey , today call for the Home Office to halt all moves to deport Zimbabwean asylum - seekers .
They are concerned over the " discrepancy between the Government 's criticism of Mugabe 's brutal regime and the treatment of Zimbabweans in this country " .
A Home Office spokes - man commented : " Our asylum decisions are humane and compassionate , and oversight by independent judges helps ensure justice is done ... but we do not believe everyone is in need of international protection . "
Sitting in the Air Ministry in London in 1943 , Pearl Witherington longed to do something more for her beloved and broken France than simply pushing paper .
Strong - willed , cool - headed and ferociously practical , the 29 - year - old volunteered for the Special Operations Executive .
After seven weeks of training she was parachuted into France to spend a year of danger and deprivation , becoming one of the second world war 's most successful Special Operations Executive organisers of the armed resistance , with a million franc reward on her head .
She was an ideal recruit , according to the secret papers released yesterday by the National Archives .
Pearl Cornioley , as she became , died in February and her obituaries told extraordinary tales of wartime courage : she commanded troops who killed 1,000 German soldiers , saw to the surrender of 18,000 more and organised and armed the resistance .
But the newly - released documents provide , for the first time , insiders ' accounts of her remarkable heroism .
Brought up in Paris by her British parents , she spoke fluent French .
Her training reports describe her as a woman who was " very capable " and " completely brave " .
She particularly took to sabotage lessons and guns - " probably the best shot ( male or female ) we have yet had " .
Her night landing in the southern Loire on September 22 1943 , with strong winds buffeting the RAF Halifax , did not bode well .
She lost her two suitcases with all personal belongings .
It was recorded in a debriefing later : " Informant never received sufficient clothes .
Shoes were the greatest worry .
Very . "
At first using the name of Genevieve Touzalin , and with a cover story as a representative of a cosmetics firm , Pearl 's job was to act as a courier for the resistance network run by Maurice Southgate .
Unable to find lodging she would carry messages " during long nights on cold trains " .
By February 1944 she was exhausted and convalesced for a month suffering from neuralgic rheumatism .
In May events took a dramatic turn .
Southgate was arrested by the Germans and Pearl was transformed into a leader , eventually organising and supplying some 2,600 maquisards ( resistance fighters ) .
At first they were a ragbag of farmers and she complained about the type and quantity of guns .
Her most dangerous moment came a few days after the Normandy landing .
" We were attacked by 2,000 Germans on the 11th June at 8 o'clock in the morning and the small maquis , comprising approximately 40 men , badly armed and untrained , put up a terrific fight , with the neighbouring communist maquis which numbered approximately 100 men . "
The battle raged for 14 hours and the Germans lost 86 , she recorded , and the maquis 24 , " including civilians who were shot and the injured who were finished off " .
She herself fled to a cornfield until the Germans left the area .
" I had been awfully hot in the blazing sun and frightened . "
For the next four months she organised more than 20 air drops of weapons and supplies as her burgeoning army carried out sabotage operations on the German lines of communications .
After the war , Pearl was recommended for a military honour but , as a woman , she was ineligible .
When she was instead offered the civil MBE she refused .
" There was nothing civil about what I did , " she said many years later .
In her letter of rejection , released yesterday , she said the offer was unjust : " The work which I undertook was of a purely military nature in enemy occupied country .
I personally was responsible for the training and organisation of nearly 3,000 men for sabotage and guerrilla warfare . "
For many years Cornioley refused to give an account of her life as she was afraid it would be distorted into a love story .
Inevitably she has been compared to Charlotte Gray , the fictional character in Sebastian Faulks 's novel .
It has been suggested that Cornioley , along with others including the extrovert New Zealander and resistance fighter Nancy Wake , may have been the inspiration .
There are superficial similarities : for example , Charlotte joins the resistance to find her lost RAF lover , while Pearl linked up with her French fiance , Henri Cornioley , an escaped prisoner of war who became her second - in - command and married her after the war .
In an interview in 2002 she dismissed the idea with a typically bluff retort : " There was a job to be done .
I did n't put my life at risk just so I could be with Henri . "
" The truth about Charlotte Gray is that she was entirely invented .
That 's the way good novelists work , " Faulks told the Guardian .
" I had not heard of Pearl Cornioley when I wrote Charlotte Gray in 1995 but I read some obits of her this year .
She was obviously a tremendous woman and a formidable agent but she has nothing whatever in common with Charlotte . "
Pearl died in France in February this year at the age of 93 , nine years after Henri .
For her , the greatest award came only two years ago when the RAF finally presented her with her parachute wings .
The women of SOE
Founded in 1940 , the Special Operations Executive was ordered by Winston Churchill to " set Europe ablaze " with the fires of resistance .
Women volunteers - often recruited from the First Aid Nursing Yeomanry - were initially used as couriers on the grounds that they were less likely than men to be suspected of illicit activities .
SOE's F Section , which covered France , sent 39 female agents into the field , of whom 13 did not return .
Their exploits have been fictionalised in literature and cinema , including the 1958 movie Carve Her Name With Pride , in which Virginia McKenna played the SOE agent Violette Szabo .
Szabo was flown into France twice in 1944 , first to Cherbourg to organise a resistance group and secondly to Limoges , where she was captured .
She was executed in February 1945 , aged 23 .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
A new national poll taken entirely after the end of the Republican convention suggests the race for the White House between John McCain and Barack Obama is dead even .
McCain and Obama are tied at 48 percent each , according to a CNN / Opinion Research Corporation poll out Monday afternoon .
Three percent of voters are undecided in the survey , which was conducted Friday through Sunday .
" The candidates were tied in the CNN / Opinion Research Corporation poll before the Democratic convention , after the Democratic convention , and they are tied now , " said CNN polling director Keating Holland .
The poll was based on 1,022 telephone interviews .
The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points .
The poll is one of three new surveys taken mostly over the weekend .
The other two are a Gallup Tracking Poll and a Diageo / Hotline survey .
When all three are averaged together for a new CNN poll of polls , the results have McCain up one point , 47 percent to 46 percent .
That 's the first time in a CNN poll of polls that McCain has an advantage over Obama .
The battle for the presidency also includes some minor - party candidates , including independent Ralph Nader , Libertarian Party candidate Bob Barr and Green Party candidate Cynthia McKinney -- but the poll suggests they do n't have any impact on the shape of the race .
When they are added to the equation , the race between McCain and Obama remains tied , at 45 percent each , with Nader and Barr at three percent each and McKinney at one percent .
Has the Republican convention and the naming of Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin as his running mate given McCain a bounce in the polls ?
" Other polls are showing ' convention bounces ' for McCain , but ours does not , ' Holland said .
" The reason is probably due to the fact that the CNN poll has had a very low number of respondents who say they are undecided for several months .
Bounces tend to occur when undecided voters switch to a candidate , but with so few truly undecided voters in our polls , there was little room for a bounce for Obama or McCain . "
But the poll does suggest that adding Palin to the Republican ticket has energized the GOP .
Before the Republican convention , 49 percent of registered Republicans were extremely or very enthusiastic about voting this year .
That number is now up to 60 percent .
Holland also pointed out that despite a concerted outreach by the McCain - Palin team to former women supporters of Hillary Clinton 's presidential bid , women nationwide seem to be sticking with Obama -- 52 percent of women are planning to vote Democratic , while 45 percent are backing McCain .
The poll indicates that 51 percent of men are in the GOP column , with 44 percent supporting Obama .
With the race for the White House so close , the presidential contenders and their running mates kicked off the first week of post - convention campaigning in battleground states .
On the Democratic side , Obama started the week in Michigan , a toss - up state with 17 electoral votes .
Watch more on Obama 's battleground push »
The senator from Illinois was to focus on the economy at a stop in Flint before heading to a town hall meeting in Farmington Hills .
Running mate Joe Biden was in Green Bay , Wisconsin , a state that 's leaning toward Obama , according to CNN 's electoral map .
Watch more on Biden 's plans »
After holding a town hall meeting , he was expected to head to a rally in Des Moines , Iowa , another state leaning toward Obama .
Former rival Clinton hit the trail for Obama on Monday , focusing on the economy as she campaigned in the toss - up state of Florida .
Obama was scheduled to meet with her husband , former President Bill Clinton , for a private lunch Thursday .
On the Republican side , McCain kept his headline - grabbing running mate with him on the trail as he campaigned in Lee 's Summit , Missouri .
Watch more on the Republicans ' plans for the West »
Missouri is a battleground state with 11 electoral votes at stake .
Palin was supposed to be campaigning on her own , but citing momentum , the McCain campaign decided to keep her with him for the beginning of the week .
With Palin by his side , McCain has been seeing big crowds and newfound energy at his recent campaign events .
iReport.com :
Are you still undecided ?
Tell us why
The pair will campaign together in Ohio and Pennsylvania later this week .
The Alaska governor will return home to speak Thursday at a deployment ceremony for her son's unit , which is headed to Iraq .
In an interview that aired Sunday on NBC's " Meet the Press , " Biden called his Republican counterpart a " tough politician " but pointed out that she has n't sat down with reporters yet .
" Look , she 's a smart , tough politician , and so I think she 's going to be very formidable .
But , you know , eventually she 's going to have to sit in front of you like I 'm doing and have done , " he said .
" Eventually , she 's going to have to answer questions and not be sequestered .
Eventually , she 's going to have to answer questions about her record . "
McCain campaign manager Rick Davis on Sunday brushed off accusations that Palin is " scared " to answer questions from the media .
" I do n't think our campaign is the campaign that has not given immense amount of access to the press .
That 's the Obama campaign , " he told Fox News on Sunday .
" She 's not scared to answer questions .
But you know what ?
We run our campaign , not the news media .
And we 'll do things on our timetable , " he said .
Palin has agreed to her first national television interview since joining the Republican ticket .
According to a campaign aide , Charles Gibson of ABC News will interview Palin in Alaska on Thursday and Friday .
All About Republican Party • Democratic Party • U.S. Presidential Election
Wednesday , 17 Sep , 2008 Offbeat
A woman from Long Island was pleaded guilty and sentenced to 3 years ' probation for trying to poison a housemate by putting Visine eye drops in the man 's iced tea - a gag used in the popular Hollywood movie " Wedding Crashers " .
The woman , known as Kristine Anzalone , 25 , was ordered to pay the $ 10,205 medical bill of the victim due to the fact that he does n't have health insurance .
However , Joseph Gentissi Jr. , 32 , the woman 's victim , considered the court 's decision unfair .
" It 's not fair .
This is a woman who tried to poison me .
She should have been charged with attempted murder .
We were hoping she was going to get a strong sentence , " said Gentissi .
The man also blamed Anzalone of killing his dog , Gucci .
According to the Anzalone 's lawyer , the woman was only defending her unborn child , because the man , who had lived with Anzalone and Christopher , her then - husband , did n't stop smoking around the house while she was pregnant .
But Gentissi denied smoking around a pregnant woman .
It is worth mentioning that the eye drops led to vomiting and bleeding rectally .
The judge ordered Anzalone to stay away from the victim .
" She 's sorry , she 's remorseful for her actions .
While she was pregnant , the victim was doing things that were not good for her baby , " said her lawyer , Nancy Bartling .
" She lost control .
She was jealous .
She took it as a big joke .
She set out to hurt me and she sure did , " said Gentissi , claiming that Anzalone was angry with the fact that he intended to go and have a couple of drinks with her husband and leave her at home alone .
Gentissi said that Anzalone provoked a pit bull to kill his Chihuahua .
But Anzalone 's lawyer said that the man 's accusations are not true and Nassau County District Attorney Kathleen Rice 's office decided to drop them .
The Visine eye drops include a chemical called tetrahydrozoline , which contracts blood vessels .
Thus , if ingested , it can cause vomiting and other sicknesses .
In the hit movie , the character played by Owen Wilson puts Visine into the drink of a love rival and surely the outcome of the act was much more comic .
Source : New York Post
LeRoi Moore of Dave Matthews Band Dead 1961 - 2008 ( Photos )
, 46 , died of complications from an ATV accident that occurred on June 30 , 2008 .
Moore was driving a four wheel all terrain vehicle on his farm in Charlottesville , Virginia when he crashed , breaking ribs and puncturing a lung .
He spent a few days in the hospital and was released .
In mid July Moore suffered complications , attributed to the accident , and was hospitalized again .
He died on August 19 , 2008 , a few weeks shy of his 47th birthday .
The talented musician played bass , baritone , alto and soprano sax , flute , bass clarinet and wood penny whistle for the Dave Matthews Band .
The bands website posted the following statement :
" We are deeply saddened that LeRoi Moore , saxophonist and founding member of Dave Matthews Band died unexpectedly Tuesday afternoon , August 19 , 2008 at Hollywood Presbyterian Medical Center in Los Angeles from sudden complications stemming from his June ATV accident .
LeRoi had recently returned to his Los Angeles home to begin an intensive physical rehabilitation program . "
Click photos below to expand .
Source : Dave Matthews Band
The cover photo from Synthetic Metals shows a scanning electron microscope image of a single - walled carbon nanotube sheet consisting of randomly entangled bundles of carbon nanotubes .
Image : University of Texas at Dallas
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Car batteries as we know them today may soon be relics .
Storing energy in clunky containers with limited shelf lives has plagued car makers and military engineers who need lightweight , powerful and reliable means to crank engines into life , enliven radios and operate other electronic appliances .
But research by post - doctoral Researcher Jiyoung Oh and Research Scientist Mikhail “ Mike ” Kozlov at UT Dallas ’ NanoTech Institute offers tantalizing insights into a new , lightweight , reliable means of delivering power via the mighty supercapacitor .
A photograph of a material obtained in their research made the cover of the journal Synthetic Metals along with the published paper , ( Synthetic Metals , 158 ( 2008 ) 638 ) .
“ We were extremely proud to see the scanning electron micrograph of our carbon nanotube sheet on the cover of this research journal , ” Kozlov said .
“ The focus of this journal is on important accomplishments in the field of conductive polymers and molecular electronics . ”
Supercapacitors are beefed - up electronic components that can be charged and counted on to store energy reliably for long periods .
They deliver power in a smooth , steady stream safe for operating sensitive electronics .
Unlike car lead batteries , which are typically heavier and bulker , capacitors and super - capacitors accumulate electric charge instead of delivering it via a chemical reaction .
Being lightweight , reliable , safe and efficient while also offering a steady stream of power is a prized set of attributes that technology designers readily seek out .
But how do they bridge the gap between current designs that call for batteries and the virtually limitless design possibilities offered when supercapacitors offer up power and the battery box disappears ?
That ’s where Drs. Oh and Kozlov step in .
The team , along with legendary nanotechnology pioneer Dr. Ray Baughman , developed a means to create supercapacitors using “ paper ” sheets of single - walled carbon nanotubes embedded with a special polymer called polypyrrole .
Imagine if the boxy , heavy car battery morphed into something light , strong , perhaps paper - thin and flexible that could be molded to fit elsewhere in the vehicle — even hidden in plain sight .
Getting rid of the weight and bulk of batteries could prove especially helpful in hybrid car designs , which today rely on a suitcase - sized array of hefty , metal batteries .
And that ’s just one application .
“ Our electrode preparation procedure is an extension of conventional bucky - paper [ a film made of 100 percent carbon nanotubes ] fabrication technique for the multi-component system , ” Oh said .
“ This procedure is easily scalable for device fabrication on an industrial scale . ”
This team ’s research was supported in part by the International Research Internship Program of the Korea Research Foundation , a Korea Research Foundation Grant , a Robert A. Welch Foundation grant and funds from the LINTEC Corporation — a firm that collaborates with UT Dallas ’ NanoTech Institute on supercapacitor research .
Provided by University of Texas at Dallas
Explore further Lithium batteries charge faster thanks to nanochannels
Click to viewWe know THQ are working on a Warhammer brawler .
And that it 's both " brutal " and " intimate " .
Now , courtesy of this leaked demo vid , we know that it 's called Warhammer 40 K : Space Marine and , more importantly , we know how it looks .
And boy does it look great .
Bearing in mind this is early , raw footage ( so excuse the empty levels and clunky run animation ) , the way they 've already nailed the heavy and , yes , brutal feel of both the combat and the universe itself should have Warhammer fans excited .
Advertisement
Once you look at it through the prism of the " madman theory , " McCain 's choice of Sarah Palin as his No. 2 appears brilliant .
No one saw it coming ( including the McCain campaign itself , which clearly did n't vet her ) and the ensuing People magazine - fueled frenzy obscured any Obama post - convention bounce as well as McCain 's own flat acceptance speech .
Most importantly , the Democrats had no clue how to respond -- do they attack her or ignore her or what ? -- and seemed to lose all momentum as they pondered the right answer .
No matter that Palin is going all Miss South Carolina ( soon she 'll be talking about " Russia and such as " ) and flopping outside of the right - wing base , because McCain has already moved onto the next bout of insanity .
US bomb ' kills five in Pakistan '
Tensions in the border region are rising
At least five people have been killed in another suspected US missile strike on militant targets in Pakistan 's border region , Pakistani officials say .
Officials said a missile was launched by a suspected US aircraft in the North Waziristan tribal area .
Pakistan 's army says it is investigating the incident .
It would be the third attack in three days allegedly carried out by US forces , who have not officially confirmed their involvement .
Unilateral strikes
Some reports say Islamist militants were killed in Friday 's attack , while local TV channels said women and children were among the dead .
Witnesses said missiles fired by an unmanned aircraft hit one or two houses in the village of Kurvek , about 30 km ( 18 miles ) west of the main town of Miranshah in North Waziristan .
" Two drones were flying in the area .
They fired three missiles , " one unnamed witness told Reuters news agency .
Several people are reported to have been injured in addition to those killed .
Pakistan 's military spokesman Maj Gen Athar Abbas said reports of the incident were being investigated .
" Pakistani forces did not carry out any activity in the area , " he told the AFP news agency .
The BBC's Barbara Plett in Islamabad says this would be the third such attack in three days , including an unprecedented ground assault allegedly carried out by American commandos .
In recent months US forces have stepped up unilateral strikes on Taleban and al - Qaeda targets in Pakistan 's tribal areas .
They say Pakistan - a key US ally in the " war on terror " since 2001 - is not doing enough to stem the flow of insurgents across the border into Afghanistan .
Pakistani security officials suspect the Americans are trying to hit senior al - Qaeda targets ahead of forthcoming US presidential elections , our correspondent says .
Targets
At least two senior al - Qaeda figures are believed to have been killed in US missile strikes on Pakistani territory this year .
A senior al - Qaeda leader in Afghanistan , Abu Laith al - Libi , was reported killed in February , while Midhat Mursi al - Sayid Umar , described as a leading al - Qaeda chemical weapons expert , died in July , reports said .
It is not clear who the targets of strikes this week might have been .
On Thursday , at least five people were killed in a missile strike in the village of Mohammad Khel near Miranshah .
Officials said all five were low - level militants of Arab origin .
Meanwhile , large numbers of people have decided to leave their settlements near Angor Adda in South Waziristan .
The town was attacked on Thursday by foreign troops carried across the border from Afghanistan by helicopter , Pakistan 's government says .
Officially , the US military has no knowledge of such an incursion , but Pentagon sources have confirmed that US commandoes carried out the raid .
Pakistan responded furiously , summoning the US ambassador and calling the attack a gross violation of its sovereignty .
Pakistan 's army has warned that such direct US action could rally more tribesmen behind the Taleban and incite a wider uprising .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
If you ’d like to buy this great domain , please make an offer and we ’ll get back to you .
OPTIMISTS , look away now .
Prices in America 's housing market may have slumped , but the pain for a significant subset of homeowners has barely begun .
Even at Barclays Capital , which spotted some of the improvements mentioned in the previous story , there is still concern .
The bank 's Nicholas Strand says that roughly 1.4 m households , most of them in California , hold a particularly nasty type of adjustable - rate mortgage called the “ option ARM ” .
Although the overall value of option ARMs is lower than that of subprime loans — some $ 500 billion , according to Mr Strand , compared with about $ 1 trillion in subprime loans — their sting is more venomous .
The option ARM allows borrowers to pay less interest than the formal rate for a limited period ( the vast majority of customers choose this option ) .
In return , the unpaid interest is added to the original loan , a process soothingly called “ negative amortisation ” .
While house prices are rising , the product just about makes sense .
If borrowers do get into trouble when they start paying off the loan in full , higher property values offer some wiggle - room .
But when house prices are falling and refinancing is difficult , as is now the case , the option ARM is the financial equivalent of a bikini in winter .
Homeowners end up owing more on a property that is worth less .
Delinquencies are already rising fast .
Write - offs for option ARMs at Washington Mutual , a stumbling thrift , have zoomed from 0.49 % in the last quarter of 2007 to 3.91 % in the second quarter .
But the real crunch will come when the mortgages “ recast ” , forcing borrowers to start making full payments .
The loans recast after a set period ( typically some five years after origination ) or when the principal hits a predetermined ceiling .
The biggest wave of recasts is due to happen in 2010 and 2011 .
By some estimates , borrowers ' monthly payments will then surge by 60 - 80 % ( see chart ) , at a time when property values may still be at , or close to , their trough .
Rating agencies were unusually alive to the dangers of option ARMs : they demanded more collateral to protect holders of securitised - mortgage bonds .
Banks were slower to wake up to the danger .
An option - ARM product called Pick - a - Pay ( a name that gave fair warning it could lead to trouble ) accounts for 45 % of consumer lending at Wachovia , a large bank .
Wachovia stopped originating loans that allow negative amortisation in June , and is setting aside heftier reserves to cope with expected losses .
It has also waived prepayment penalties for existing product - holders and is marshalling its employees to help move these customers on to conventional mortgages .
Such efforts are welcome .
But they also signal just how protracted America 's housing woes are likely to be .
Top Stories
Supernova explodes in controversy ... the interpretation of supernova explosion SN 2008D is causing controversy among different research groups who argue its origin and evolution as either a ‘ normal ’ supernova , or something more reminiscent of a gamma-ray burst ... read more Barred spiral galaxies arrive late in the Universe ... Hubble astronomers have found that barred spiral galaxies were far less abundant 7 billion years ago than they are today in the local Universe ... read more Partial solar eclipse visible from UK this Friday ... On 1 August there will be a partial eclipse from the UK , and a total solar eclipse visible along a track from Canada to China ... read more
Spaceflight Now +
Subscribe to Spaceflight Now Plus for access to our extensive video collections !
How do I sign up ?
Video archive
STS - 120 day 2 highlights
Flight Day 2 of Discovery 's mission focused on heat shield inspections .
This movie shows the day 's highlights .
Play
STS - 120 day 1 highlights
The highlights from shuttle Discovery 's launch day are packaged into this movie .
Play
STS - 118 : Highlights
The STS - 118 crew , including Barbara Morgan , narrates its mission highlights film and answers questions in this post - flight presentation .
Full presentation
Mission film
STS - 120 : Rollout to pad
Space shuttle Discovery rolls out of the Vehicle Assembly Building and travels to launch pad 39A for its STS - 120 mission .
Play
Dawn leaves Earth
NASA 's Dawn space probe launches aboard a Delta 2 - Heavy rocket from Cape Canaveral to explore two worlds in the asteroid belt .
Full coverage
Dawn : Launch preview
These briefings preview the launch and science objectives of NASA 's Dawn asteroid orbiter .
Launch | Science
Become a subscriber
More video
Supervoids and superclusters point to dark energy
BY DR EMILY BALDWIN
ASTRONOMY NOW
Posted : July 30 , 2008
By studying regions of space with an above and below average concentration of galaxies – superclusters and supervoids , respectively – a team of astronomers have found direct evidence for the existence of dark energy .
Density fluctuations in the early Universe are imprinted on the CMB , revealing clusters ( superclusters ) and voids ( supervoids ) of galaxies which cause faint glows and shadows ( respectively ) in microwaves that pass through them .
Image : UH / Granett , Neyrinck , Szapudi / Millenium simulation .
The nature of dark energy is one of the biggest puzzles of modern science , but it is thought to work against the tendency of gravity to pull galaxies together , causing the Universe ’s expansion to speed up .
Impressively , astronomers from the University of Hawaii Institute for Astronomy were able to catch this elusive dark energy in action as it stretches out the largest known structures in the Universe : supervoids and superclusters , vast regions of space half a billion light years across , containing either a deficit or surplus of galaxies , brought about by density fluctuations in the early Universe .
The key to the team ’s success was to measure the subtle imprints that superclusters and supervoids leave in microwaves that pass through them .
But this signal is extremely difficult to detect since ripples in the primordial cosmic microwave background radiation ( CMB ) – the faint hiss of microwaves left over from the big bang – are larger than the imprints of individual superclusters and supervoids .
Therefore , to extract a signal , the team compared an existing database of galaxies with a map of the CMB and averaged together local regions around the 50 largest supervoids and the 50 largest superclusters from a collection of bright galaxies drawn from the Sloan Digital Sky Survey .
As expected , the microwaves were slightly stronger if they had passed through a supercluster , and marginally weaker if they had passed through a supervoid .
Astronomers from the University of Hawaii compared directions in the sky where they found superclusters ( red circles ) and supervoids ( blue circles ) with the strength of the Cosmic Microwave Background .
Superclusters are more likely to coincide with directions where microwaves are unusually strong ( red or orange colouring ) and supervoids with directions where the microwaves are unusually weak ( blue colouring ) .
Image : B. Granett , M. Neyrinck , I. Szapudi .
“ When a microwave enters a supercluster , it gains some gravitational energy , and therefore vibrates slightly faster , ” explains Szapudi .
“ Later , as it leaves the supercluster , it should lose exactly the same amount of energy .
But if dark energy causes the Universe to stretch out at a faster rate , the supercluster flattens out in the half billion years it takes the microwave to cross it .
Thus , the wave gets to keep some of the energy it gained as it entered the supercluster . ”
Essentially , the dark energy is giving the microwaves a memory of where they ’ve been .
“ With this method , for the first time we can actually see what supervoids and superclusters do to microwaves passing through them , ” says Benjamin Granett , first author on the paper describing the results , which will appear in a forthcoming issue of the Astrophysical Journal Letters .
“ We plan to follow up with one of the coldest regions of the CMB , the ‘ Cold Spot ’ , to determine whether it is due to a large void as hypothesised recently , ” reveals Szapudi .
The so - called cold spot is in fact only a few millionths of a degree colder than its surrounds , but some scientists think that it may be caused by a huge hole devoid of nearly all matter , perhaps as large as a thousand light million years in size .
A new study finds that a pair of chemical building blocks similar to those in genetic material was present in a meteorite before it fell to Earth in the 1960s .
Researchers say the finding makes it slightly more plausible that meteorite bombardments may have seeded ancient Earth with life 's raw materials , potentially paving the way for life itself .
Part of the scientific mystery of how life emerged is the origin of chemical building blocks :
Were they created by chemical reactions on Earth or did they , perhaps , hitch rides on meteorites that may have germinated our and other planets in our solar system with the same molecules ?
By studying meteorite fragments , such as those that fell in 1969 near the town of Murchison , in the southeastern Australian state of Victoria , researchers have learned that they contain carbon - based compounds that most likely formed in space , including sugars and amino acids .
They were not sure , however , about a class of compounds called nucleobases , which when fused with sugar molecules are the building blocks of nucleic acids such as DNA ( the stuff of genes ) and its close cousin RNA ( produced when genes switch on ) .
Researchers have speculated that life may have arisen from RNA molecules that acquired the ability to copy themselves .
But they have had a hard time generating nucleobases in experiments designed to mimic chemical conditions on the early Earth , says Zita Martins , a chemist and astrobiologist at Imperial College London .
To check the origin of two nucleobases — uracil , found in RNA , and xanthine , a common cellular constituent — Martins and her colleagues analyzed the ratio of carbon isotopes in the two compounds .
Most carbon on Earth consists of carbon 12 , named for the number of protons and neutrons in its atomic nucleus , rather than its slightly heavier cousin , carbon 13 .
Martins and her colleagues compared carbon isotopes in the Murchison nucleobases to soil samples from Murchison as well as to a common mineral .
As expected if the nucleobases were forged in deep space , they were richer in carbon 13 — by 44.5 percent for uracil and 37.7 percent for xanthine — compared with the other samples , the group reports in Earth and Planetary Science Letters .
" It really clarifies at least that the building blocks of genetic material , the nucleobases , were available " in the early Earth , Martins says .
" We are not saying that only meteorites contributed to the building blocks of life , " she adds , " but it 's a very great contribution . "
The concentration of nucleobases in the Murchison meteorite is relatively low .
Martins and her co-workers needed 0.5 ounce ( 15 grams ) of space rock to extract their sample , compared with milligram - size samples for other chemicals , she says .
But researchers believe that space rocks and dust once rained onto Earth in billions of tons per year .
Other researchers say the finding appears to be solid , although some are skeptical of its significance .
Robert Shapiro , a professor emeritus and senior research scientist in chemistry at New York University , says that because of their low concentration , extraterrestrial nucleobases were unlikely to have played much of a role in kick - starting life .
" They 're a subunit of a subunit of DNA , " he says .
" My opinion is that their amounts were utterly unimportant and insignificant . "
He says he would be more impressed if whole nucleosides — bases plus sugars — were found in meteorites in concentrations similar to those of amino acids .
And researchers may yet discover ways that Earthly chemistry — perhaps around hydrothermal vents — could have generated nucleobases and other compounds .
Conel Alexander , a geochemist at the Carnegie Institution of Washington who specializes in meteorites , says that without more data , claims about the amounts and sources of molecules on early Earth should be taken with a grain of salt .
" It really comes down to quantitative arguments about how much was made on Earth [ and ] how much was brought in from space , " he says .
" Any honest person would keep an open mind about the whole issue . "
Correction ( 6/17/08 ) :
This article originally stated incorrectly that isotopes are named for the number of neutrons in their nuclei , instead of the total number of protons and neutrons .
Tim Russert said it best in his last lecture at Notre Dame in April :
" [ After ] all my discussions with presidents , both while in office and after they left , and their advisors , while in office and after they left , and in my reading of history , particularly presidential history , I am ever more convinced that a leader cannot make tough decisions unless he or she is asked tough questions .
It is the only vehicle that brings them to closure , that forces any sense of intellectual rigor , that forces them to find a way to reconcile the political advice or the political pressures brought to bear .
It will not be enough in a democratic society to simply have those on the left or right who are the pamphleteers and unwilling to challenge the views of people they support .
Tough questions need not be the loudest or most sensational or the most theatrical , but rather probing and , hopefully , incisive . "
Until Sarah Palin agrees to a full and open press conference , she should not even be considered as a possible vice - president of the United States .
What has been going on with her and access to her is an outrage to democratic discourse and the entire electoral system .
Since she was selected , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has held more press conferences with American reporters than she has .
Forget all this debate spin or pre-spin .
Just give her a microphone , a roomful of inquisitive reporters and be done with it .
If she were a man , this would n't even be debatable .
That we are being told these lower standards are acceptable for a woman candidate is sexist cant .
When will the press simply stop cooperating with this farce ?
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Obama accuses anti-abortion opponents of ' lying ' Andrew McLemore
Published : Sunday August 17 , 2008
Print This Email This CBN News ' David Brody interviewed Barack Obama after Saturday night 's Saddleback Church forum with John McCain and Pastor Rick Warren .
Obama became frustrated when Brody brought up the Born Alive Infant Protection Act and criticized the National Right to Life Committee for its attacks on him .
Brody comments on his interview with Obama : " It seems like Barack Obama 's heated answer about The Born Alive Infant Protection
Act is making some headlines out there ...
Clearly , the conversation over this bill has gotten Obama riled up .
He truly believes The National Life to Right Committee is lying about this controversial infanticide bill which he opposed .
He is adamant in saying that the bill he opposed in the Illinois State Senate was NOT the same as the federal legislation that pro-choice Senators even voted for . "
Obama was labeled " pro-infanticide " in a book called Obama Nation by Jerome Corsi .
Corsi is also the co-author of the book Unfit for Command which swiftboated John Kerry in 2004 .
Media Matters said Obama Nation " contains numerous falsehoods about Sen. Barack Obama . "
A following is part of a transcript of the interview : # Brody : Real quick , the born alive infant protection act .
I gotta tell you that 's the one thing I get a lot of emails about and it's just not just from Evangelicals , it about Catholics , Protestants , main -- they 're trying to understand it because there was some literature put out by the National Right to Life Committee .
And they 're basically saying they felt like you misrepresented your position on that bill .
Obama :
Let me clarify this right now .
Brody : Because it 's getting a lot of play .
Obama :
Well and because they have not been telling the truth .
And I hate to say that people are lying , but here 's a situation where folks are lying .
I have said repeatedly that I would have been completely in , fully in support of the federal bill that everybody supported - which was to say -- that you should provide assistance to any infant that was born - even if it was as a consequence of an induced abortion .
That was not the bill that was presented at the state level .
What that bill also was doing was trying to undermine Roe vs. Wade .
By the way , we also had a bill , a law already in place in Illinois that insured life saving treatment was given to infants .
#
View the full interview and transcript here .
Every cloud has a silver lining .
Ask the cybersquatters .
Even as the short - selling vultures began circling Lehman Brothers , HBOS , Merrill Lynch and co , a legion of entrepreneurs began betting on domain names for hastily merged financial institutions .
For example , when Barclays and Bank of America began to emerge as buyers for Lehman , names such as barclayslehman.com and bofalehman.com were promptly registered by enterprising hopefuls .
Some of these domains were being offered for sale on eBay last week .
For example , www.bankofamericamerrilllynch.com was available at a starting bid of $ 1,500 .
' With a deal between Bank of America and Merrill Lynch NOW ANNOUNCED ' , burbled the seller , ' this domain name will soon be incredibly popular .
This is the only domain name that conveys the full picture , using the name of both firms ...
This is the most comprehensive and commonsensical domain name available concerning the MERGER OF BANK OF AMERICA CORP AND MERRILL LYNCH & CO . '
The last time your columnist checked , however , the auction had attracted no bidders .
Still - nothing ventured , nothing gained .
The proud owner of lloydstsbhbos.com , for his part , disdained eBay and simply set up a website with lots of ad links , clearly hoping to squeeze some Google juice from his property while waiting for the lawyers to call .
Hope springs eternal in some breasts .
But this is merely froth .
Wall Street banks have become insatiable consumers of IT services and some of the fallen giants had built up formidable computational resources , which were viewed by their purchasers as virtually the only non-toxic assets that they possessed .
According to specialist website Datacenterknowledge.com , Lehman Brothers ' two data centres were central to the deal in which Barclays paid $ 1.75 bn to acquire most of Lehman 's North American operations .
The data centres and Lehman 's headquarters building ' accounted for $ 1.5bn of the deal 's value , with the British bank paying just $ 250 m in cash for Lehman 's North American investment banking and capital markets businesses , ' it said .
The breakneck consolidation of the banking sector is going to have a major impact on industries that supply banks with IT products and services .
Within institutions , the imperative will be to minimise avoidable turmoil in the infrastructure .
That means , for example , planned upgrades to Vista suddenly become non-starters - which implies that the related purchase of higher - specification PCs may also be postponed .
So the crash will affect Microsoft ( which is refusing to reveal data about how many Vista licences have actually been activated ) and hardware vendors such as Dell , Lenovo and HP .
There will be pressure on IT departments to reduce headcount and budget .
There are , of course , some areas where economising is n't an option : banks running trading systems with millisecond response times will still need very expensive , on - site technical support .
But managers will be searching for ways of trimming the costs of supporting more routine office functions .
In those circumstances , options like ' grid computing ' and web services - where IT services are supplied by servers over the internet - may suddenly begin to look more attractive .
Harassed managers may also start to look at open - source software as a way of avoiding expensive licensing deals for proprietary applications .
The waves generated by Wall Street Crash 2.0 will also wash up on very distant shores .
Expect to see them in Bangalore , for example , and other Indian centres that have ridden the boom in outsourcing of IT support .
As Western institutions disappear or merge , there will be a need to liquidate or consolidate the service contracts they have with Indian companies .
So service businesses that looked rock - solid six months ago are in for a turbulent time .
As always in financial crashes , there will be opportunities for those who - like Barclays with Lehman - can spot an opening .
There 's been a niche market for years in software for assessing credit risk .
Developers who come up with smarter algorithms for spotting turkeys can expect to name their price .
Oh - but if you were thinking of registering wallstreetcrash.com or bankersarewankers.com , forget it : they 're already taken .
He said that maintaining sovereignty over an undivided Jerusalem , Israel ’s official policy , would involve bringing 270,000 Palestinians inside Israel ’s security barrier .
It would mean a continuing risk of terrorist attacks against civilians like those carried out this year by Jerusalem Palestinian residents with front - end loaders .
Image Prime Minister Ehud Olmert at a cabinet meeting on Sunday .
In an interview published Monday , he called for new thinking .
Credit ...
Pool photo by Uriel Sinai
“ A decision has to be made , ” he said .
“ This decision is difficult , terrible , a decision that contradicts our natural instincts , our innermost desires , our collective memories , the prayers of the Jewish people for 2,000 years . ”
The government ’s public stand on Jerusalem until now has been to assert that the status of the city was not under discussion .
But Mr. Olmert made clear that the eastern , predominantly Arab , sector had to be yielded “ with special solutions ” for the holy sites .
On peace with the Palestinians , Mr. Olmert said in the interview : “ We face the need to decide but are not willing to tell ourselves , yes , this is what we have to do .
We have to reach an agreement with the Palestinians , the meaning of which is that in practice we will withdraw from almost all the territories , if not all the territories .
We will leave a percentage of these territories in our hands , but will have to give the Palestinians a similar percentage , because without that there will be no peace . ”
Elsewhere in the interview , when discussing a land swap with the Palestinians , he said the exchange would have to be “ more or less one to one . ”
Mr. Olmert also addressed the question of Syria , saying that Israel had to be prepared to give up the Golan Heights but that in turn Damascus knew it had to change the nature of its relationship with Iran and its support for Hezbollah , the Lebanese militia .
On Iran , Mr. Olmert said Israel would act within the international system , adding : “ Part of our megalomania and our loss of proportions is the things that are said here about Iran .
We are a country that has lost a sense of proportion about itself . ”
If the Ubuntu Server installer has set your server to use DHCP , you will want to change it to a static IP address so that people can actually use it .
Changing this setting without a GUI will require some text editing , but that ’s classic linux , right ?
Let ’s open up the /etc / network / interfaces file .
I ’m going to use vi , but you can choose a different editor
sudo vi /etc/ network / interfaces
For the primary interface , which is usually eth0 , you will see these lines :
auto eth0
iface eth0 inet dhcp
As you can see , it ’s using DHCP right now .
We are going to change dhcp to static , and then there are a number of options that should be added below it .
Obviously you ’d customize this to your network .
auto eth0
iface eth0 inet static
address 192.168.1.100
netmask 255.255.255.0
network 192.168.1.0
broadcast 192.168.1.255
gateway 192.168.1.1
dns-nameservers 192.168.1.1
Now we ’ll need to add in the DNS settings by editing the resolv.conf file :
sudo vi /etc/resolv.conf
On the line ‘ name server xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx ’ replace the x with the IP of your name server .
( You can do ifconfig / all to find out what they are )
You need to also remove the dhcp client for this to stick ( thanks to Peter for noticing ) .
You might need to remove dhcp - client3 instead .
sudo apt - get remove dhcp- client
Now we ’ll just need to restart the networking components :
sudo /etc/ init.d/ networking restart
Ping www.google.com.
If you get a response , name resolution is working ( unless of course if google is in your hosts file ) .
Really pretty simple .
Updated
Thanks to Nickname007 in the comments for noting that I forgot the DNS entries in the guide .
The problem of evil is a big theme for a movie , and certainly for a movie based on a comic book , but Batman : The Dark Knight deals with it expertly , and with a message that offers profound support to the idea of human liberty .
It does so in two ways : it supports the view that human beings are capable of cooperating toward the social good , and it shows the unpredictable level of evil that state intervention unleashes .
Yes , I know it sounds implausible , but please hear me out .
Consider the Joker , who embodies undiluted , unconscionable evil .
The evil that drives him is not limited to a particular sin .
It is not greed , for example .
At one point in the film , he stacks up all the money he has taken control of from the mob he comes to monopolize .
He sets it all on fire in front of the mobsters who stare in shocked amazement .
He had previously demanded half their money in exchange for killing Batman , but it turns out that he cares nothing for money .
He only wanted to give them pain by persuading them to fork it over .
This makes him ungodly scary .
In fact , one is hard pressed to pin any of the seven deadly sins on this guy .
He is not really lustful , gluttonous , slothful , wrathful , envious , or prideful — or rather he is all of these things but none of them quite capture what drives him .
What he wants is to observe social chaos — and if that means death and destruction , all the better .
In order to bring this about , however , he needs one thing more than anything else : he needs power .
He will do anything for it and , then , with it .
Additionally , the Joker has a trait that we tend to see in evil people .
He carries around with him a peculiar assumption , never really questioned .
He assumes that everyone else is secretly as bad as he is .
Anything that appears otherwise , he believes to be a façade .
It is a mask that must be ripped off .
In seeking confirmation for this assumption , he entertains himself by putting people in impossible situations that will reveal their core corruption .
He revels in pushing people who think they are good into embracing their inner evil .
Hence his obsession with ripping off Batman ’s mask .
He must show the world that Batman is as bad as he is .
In pursuit of this confirmation , he is as clever as the devil .
He has pressed the city government into evacuating people by means of two boats , one with prisoners and another with regular citizens .
He gives a detonator device to the drivers of each ship .
He says that he is performing a social experiment .
The idea is that each detonator blows up the other ship .
If you press the button to blow up the other ship , your ship will be saved .
If you do not press quickly , your ship will likely be blown up because surely the people on the other ship will press first .
So we have here the classic case of the prisoner ’s dilemma without the mathematics .
It is a raw test of the capacity of others to commit unspeakable crimes in their own self - interest .
At first , the social dynamic takes a predictable direction .
Neither the citizens on their boat nor the prisoners on the other boat favor murder .
But then they think again .
What will the people on the other boat do ?
Surely the criminals on the prisoner boat will think nothing of pushing their button , so should the citizens act first ?
Meanwhile , the prisoners figure that the people on the other boat will not place much value on the lives of criminals , so they will probably be killed .
Should n’t they kill first ?
The debate becomes furious on each boat .
On the citizen boat , for example , they decide to take a vote .
The option of pushing the button wins ( failure of democracy ) but no one can find the will to do the deed .
On the criminal boat , they just decide to explode the other boat , but the leader ca n’t quite do it .
Finally , the clock moves toward the hour that the Joker said the experiment would end .
Both sides have finally declined to do the dirty deed .
In prisoner ’s - dilemma terms , they have chosen cooperation over defection .
This is not what the Joker expected .
And why not ?
Because he does n’t believe in the capacity of human beings for social cooperation .
He assumes that everyone is like himself .
And here he is wrong .
I ’ve already mentioned that the mob figures into the plot here .
In fact , it is the source of all crime , and the central driving force behind the entire plot .
Every time a new person gains public office or position within the police department , he swears to clean up the streets of the mobster - driven crime problem .
But each time , the person is either killed or corrupted , leaving it to Batman to do the dirty work .
But can Gotham ever really be cleaned up ?
At some point , a new district attorney has hundreds of people locked up and the assets of many local banks frozen .
Even in this case , the mob money finds safe harbor outside the country .
The more that the police try to enforce the law , the worse the crime problem grows and the more powerful the mob becomes .
The film offers not the slightest hope that this issue can ever be resolved .
And yet there is a point that is never addressed in the film .
Where does organized crime get its money ?
Bribes , no doubt .
Probably business too .
Is it gambling , prostitution , drugs , liquor , or something else ?
Whatever the case may be , the mob is the mob because it deals with black markets in something .
The only reason that black markets exist is due to government prohibitions .
A free market in gambling would reduce the level of corruption in this industry to the same level that it exists in the market for , for example , hamburgers .
That is to say , it would not be a notable feature of the sector .
The same is true with all traditional mafia activities .
The best way — really the only way — to end its power is to end the prohibitions on peaceful trading of all goods and services .
But that is not what the state does .
Instead , it fights these untenable and unwinnable wars against gambling , prostitution , drugs , and the like , and thereby drives them underground , guaranteeing high profits to those willing to take the risk to be part of the market .
The riches are then used to bribe public officials and gain a certain amount of protection from the public sector .
The cycle continues until the corruption becomes a deeply embedded part of public life .
In this case , the prohibitions have unleashed wicked mobsters , but as bad as they are , they seem manageable .
The Joker , however , is not manageable .
He is the killer virus unwittingly unleashed by the cure .
People like him will always be with us , but they can usually be contained — unless the state is involved to make such people more powerful than they would otherwise be .
The implied lesson becomes clear .
The Joker is the product of mistaken public policy , the end result of the prohibition of peaceful trade .
The contrast between the peaceful cooperation that people are capable of when they are on their own , even under extreme circumstances , and the evil unleashed by misguided state management of society could not be more palpable .
This is the real message of Batman : The Dark Knight , which , I must say , is one of the most spectacular and profound cinematic explorations of the problem of evil I ’ve ever seen .
It is not suitable for young children , but I recommend it very highly , not only for its libertarian theoretical structure but also for its moral power .
WASHINGTON  The Bush administration on Saturday formally proposed a vast bailout of financial institutions in the United States , requesting unfettered authority for the Treasury Department to buy up to $ 700 billion in distressed mortgage - related assets from the private firms .
The proposal , not quite three pages long , was stunning for its stark simplicity .
It would raise the national debt ceiling to $ 11.3 trillion .
And it would place no restrictions on the administration other than requiring semiannual reports to Congress , granting the Treasury secretary unprecedented power to buy and resell mortgage debt .
“ This is a big package , because it was a big problem , ” President Bush said Saturday at a White House news conference , after meeting with President Álvaro Uribe of Colombia .
“ I will tell our citizens and continue to remind them that the risk of doing nothing far outweighs the risk of the package , and that , over time , we ’re going to get a lot of the money back . ”
After a week of stomach - flipping turmoil in the financial system , and with officials still on edge about how global markets will respond , the delivery of the administration ’s plan set the stage for a four - day brawl in Congress .
Democratic leaders have pledged to approve a bill but say it must also include tangible help for ordinary Americans in the form of an economic stimulus package .
A number of U.S. recycling companies are ignoring regulations regarding the exportation of hazardous electronic materials , but the Environmental Protection Agency is turning a blind eye to the violations , according to a Wednesday report .
A number of U.S. recycling companies are ignoring regulations regarding the exportation of hazardous electronic materials , but the Environmental Protection Agency is turning a blind eye to the violations , according to a Wednesday report .
The EPA needs to make a bigger effort to " ensure that the larger universe of potentially harmful electronic devices are exported in a manner that does not harm health or the environment , " according to a report from the Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) .
The EPA has regulated the export of cathode - ray tubes ( CRTs ) since January 2007 .
CRTs are found in computer monitors and TVs , but can contain up to four pounds of lead , which can contaminate landfills and poison individuals who break them down .
Many companies reclaim used electronics and reuse them for future products while other equipment makes its way to U.S. landfills .
But some of the devices are shipped overseas where they are stripped for parts in an unsafe manner .
Under the EPA regulations , companies looking to export CRTs must notify the EPA 60 days before shipment .
The EPA must then obtain permission from the receiving country and give the U.S. a final OK before shipment .
How many companies are actually complying with this process ?
Very few , the GAO said .
Though Hong Kong alone identified 26 containers of illegally imported CRT containers , the EPA " has since penalized one violator , and then only long after the shipment had been identified by GAO , " the report said .
During a three - month study , the GAO set up shop on various e-commerce Web sites and posed as CRT buyers from Hong Kong , India , Pakistan , and other countries .
GAO made contact with 43 U.S. companies that said they would be willing to ship CRTs abroad , and some proclaimed their willingness to flout the EPA 's CRT rules .
GAO provided the EPA with the names of those companies but did not name them publicly .
They were based throughout the country , however , in states like California , New Jersey , Colorado , Illinois , and Washington state .
" EPA officials acknowledge compliance problems with its CRT rule , but said that given the rule 's relative newness , their focus was on educating the regulated communities , " the report said .
" This reasoning appears misplaced , however , given GAO 's observation of exporters willing to engage in apparent violations of the CRT rule , including some who are aware of the rule . "
EPA has done little to figure out the extent of the problem , and the agency does not have a plan or timetable to develop an enforcement program , GAO said .
The GAO " mischaracterizes " EPA 's compliance with the law , the EPA said after reviewing an advanced copy of the GAO report .
Those who read the report might incorrectly assume that " a very large percentage of U.S. electronic waste is currently being reused and recycled globally , " EPA wrote in an August letter .
" Consumer electronics  including TVs and other video equipment , computers , assorted peripherals , audio equipment , and phones  comprise less than 2 percent of the municipal solid waste stream . "
Up to 85 percent of electronics are disposed of domestically , usually in landfills , according to the EPA .
John Stephenson , director of resources and environment at GAO and the report 's author , told a House Foreign Affairs subcommittee Wednesday that he was " baffled " by the EPA 's response since " enforcement of the CRT rule was non-existent " until the GAO brought up the issue .
Stephenson speculated that CRT enforcement is a low priority and acknowledged that the EPA might not have the resources , but said that " we certainly have the capability to do it if we had the desire to do it . "
In fact , EPA should be expanding the types of electronics it covers with its export rules , Stephenson said .
Consumer electronics are not limited to computer monitors and televisions , but also include digital music players , cell phones , and audio equipment .
GAO also requests that EPA work more closely with Customs and Border Patrol to improve identification and tracking .
GAO also thinks the United States should ratify the Basel Convention , a 1989 international import - export agreement that requires countries to get permission from receiving countries shipping CRTs and to refrain from exporting to countries that might handle them irresponsibly .
The U.S. Senate approved the Basel Convention in 1992 , but before it can be a done deal , Congress must implement additional legislation that provides the necessary statutory authority to implement its requirements .
So far , no one has proposed such legislation , but Rep. Eni Faleomavaega , a Democrat from American Samoa and chairman of the House subcommittee on Asia , the Pacific , and the global environment , said Wednesday that he would work with the subcommittee to craft a bill .
Playing host to the Democratic National Convention was supposed to bring Denver a gusher of national publicity , and it has -- but a lot of it has been bad .
Earlier this month , the New York Times smacked the DNC around in regard to rising costs .
More recently , USA Today weighed in with an editorial blasting the approaches taken to keep convention protesters " out of sight and out of earshot . "
" Our View on Civil Liberties : Convention Hosts Regard Your Rights As a Nuisance , " published on July 21 , puts its concerns over this situation right up front :
" The delegates who'll wave signs , speak their minds and nominate a presidential candidate at the Democratic National Convention next month in Denver will be treated by the city like royalty .
But the people who want to wave signs , speak their minds and demonstrate outside the convention hall have already gotten a taste of Denver 's hospitality .
They 're being treated like a bunch of pests . "
Shortly thereafter , Mayor John Hickenlooper takes a shot for a " February promise ... that at least one designated parade route would end ' within sight and sound of the convention site ' " -- a pledge that the editorial says was " essentially abandoned .
The route now ends several blocks away , and parades must end one hour before convention sessions begin . "
The piece declares that the folks in St. Paul , Minnesota , who will play host to the Republican National Convention , are " doing a bit better " -- but only a bit : " Marchers will be able to get within 84 feet of the Republican National Convention , but they must end the parade by midafternoon .
Teresa Nelson of the ACLU of Minnesota says , ' We have a permit to march to an empty building . ' "
The offering concludes with a quote from local activist Nita Gonzales , who accuses the city of paying " lip service to civil liberties . "
The USA Today scribes essentially agree with her assessment , noting that " it 's tough to participate when you 're behind a fence and blocks away from where you can be seen and heard . "
That can't be the kind of publicity Denver officials wanted .
-- Michael Roberts
While McCain and Obama both support the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 and a current bill in Congress that would strengthen its implementation , a key selling point for advocates for the disabled , they disagree on the Community Choice Act.
Obama may have edge with disabled
The Democratic National Committee is hoping to drive a rift between John McCain and voters with disabilities .
It ’s a group whose size is difficult to quantify , but one that both candidates have deemed important enough to devote time to courting .
Advertisement
While McCain and Barack Obama both support the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 and a current bill in Congress that would strengthen its implementation , a key selling point for advocates for the disabled , they disagree on the Community Choice Act .
That bill , proposed by Sen. Tom Harkin ( D - Iowa ) and co-sponsored by Obama , would expand government funds presently available for institutional care to also cover home - based services .
McCain opposes the bill , and on July 25 the DNC quickly pulled together a conference call with reporters to attack McCain on the issue .
“ He has refused to listen to us on a critical issue to our community : the right to live at home in the community , ” said Marca Bristo , former Chair of the National Council on Disability .
“ The Community Choice Act would allow that .
Obama will give us choice and help us liberate the people in nursing homes . ”
The conference call may have been partly a defensive maneuver because it happened the day before McCain addressed the American Association of People with Disabilities conference via satellite , on the July 26 anniversary of the passage of the ADA .
Obama dispatched Harkin , a longtime leader on disability issues , as a surrogate .
McCain told the conference that he supports the idea of returning people to their own homes , but is concerned about the potential cost , a stance his campaign has since reiterated .
The jockeying by the candidates and parties surrounding the AADP conference was just part of the candidates ’ ongoing efforts to reach people with disabilities .
Both Obama and McCain have staffers working on outreach to the community .
Obama has released a plan for improving the lives of people with disabilities and issued a lengthy statement commemorating the anniversary of the passage of the ADA .
McCain enthusiastically praised the ADA in his speech .
Both candidates have online groups for supporters with disabilities , and both have pledged to create a position in their administration focusing on disability issues .
But while it ’s clear that both candidates see the community as one worth courting , it ’s unclear just how many people with disabilities are actually voting on the basis of that identity or what affect the outreach will have .
The American Association of People with Disabilities claims that there are 37.5 million disabled people who are eligible to vote , using a very broad definition that includes learning disabilities .
But historically , people with disabilities have not necessarily identified or voted primarily with that identity .
Since disability occurs across all demographic groups in the United States , the disabled generally mirror the population as a whole in their political preferences .
In 2004 , a post- election Zogby poll commissioned by the New York State Independent Living Council , a disability rights advocacy group , found people with disabilities voted virtually identically to the population as a whole .
Eighteen percent of disabled respondents said that their vote was “ based on a candidate ’s support or opposition to an issue that impacts people with disabilities . ”
The poll also found that nine percent of people without disabilities said the same .
The poll , though , did not ask how this concern compared to more mainstream ones , such as the economy or the war in Iraq , or break down what respondents took the phrase “ an issue that impacts disabilities ” to mean .
To many it may be funding for research of their own condition or for embryonic stem cell research .
Many disability rights activists oppose assisted suicide for the severely disabled , and spoke out against it in the case of Terri Schiavo .
Pollsters normally do not use disability as a demographic sub - group , so there is no publicly available data on the disability community ’s leanings in this election , and both campaigns declined to discuss their internal polling .
None of the independent pollsters or consultants contacted for this piece had ever polled disabled people or were aware of others having done so .
“ I have never heard of anybody doing this , ” said Brad Bannon , a Democratic pollster .
“ It would require asking very sensitive questions in a survey which would lead respondents to hang up . ”
Mark Mckinnon , who was until recently a senior strategist with the McCain campaign , said that he had never polled people with disabilities and that he did n’t think their voting priorities would differ from anyone else ’s .
“ I think people with disabilities vote just like anyone else does , ” said McKinnon .
“ I think they vote on big issues like war in Iraq and the economy like others . ”
Jim Dickson , vice president of government affairs at the AADP , says that as with any constituency , whichever candidate speaks most forthrightly to the community ’s issues has historically gained their vote .
“ It goes to the candidate who talks most about disability , ” said Dickson .
In 1988 , both candidates said they would sign the ADA , but after George H. W. Bush made a priority of it by pledging to do so in his acceptance speech at the Republican National Convention , the disability vote shifted from Dukakis to Bush , according to Harris tracking polls conducted with the National Council on Disability — which also claimed that the disabled community made up a full 10 percent of the electorate .
McCain , who is partially disabled by injuries he received in Vietnam , may also benefit from a sense of solidarity within the disabled community , a subject McCain did not raise in his AADP speech .
“ I think the more people know that he has a disability , the more it is likely to help with this community , ” said Dickson .
However , issues are likely to trump identity , according to advocates such as Dickson , who point out that Bob Dole , who was disabled and who sponsored the ADA , lost the disability vote to Clinton .
“ It was surprising that given Dole ’s ADA sponsorship and disability [ that he did not carry disabled voters ] , ” said Dickson .
“ I think that was because Clinton was the first president to establish an office in the White House to work on disability .
He had a very strong record .
It was the first time we had seen anything like that . ”
The DNC has been quicker to appeal to the new identity politics in the disability community than was its Republican counterpart .
The DNC has a disability caucus and has a rule encouraging state delegations to bring a proportional number of people with disabilities to their national convention as delegates .
Although the RNC has neither of those things , a spokesperson , Amber Wilkerson , said that they are working closely with the McCain campaign on outreach to the disability community .
“ Many people with disabilities have domestic policy needs , ” said Brad Williams of NYSILC .
“ The only party that is really addressing that is the Democratic Party and everyone in our community knows that . ”
Williams ticked off a long list of issues on which he says Democrats are more responsive to the disability community than Republicans , including housing , transportation , employment , education and , most importantly , he said , health care .
Congress spent $ 1 billion under the Help America Vote Act of 2002 , making voting booths more accessible to people with disabilities .
Advocates say that will pay off in higher turnout this fall .
On Thursday , Disaboom , an online community for people with disabilities , announced that it would be putting on programs to raise awareness of disability issues at the Democratic National Convention .
They hope to schedule programming at the RNC as well .
Although Disaboom 's leaders identified mostly issues that tend to favor Democrats as the most important for the community — high unemployment , healthcare reform and the Community Choice Act — they said those issues have potential bipartisan appeal .
" Mainstreaming people with disabilities into the workforce means taking them off of welfare and into taxpaying , " said Kim Dority , vice president of content for Disaboom .
" Republicans could embrace that .
It 's not simply an opportunity for one party . "
We caught a glimpse of GamePark 's new Wiz GP2X / GP3X handheld a month or so back , and the homebrew - friendly black - and - red unit is now available .
$ 179 of your American dollars is all it takes to enjoy the 2.8 - inch QVGA OLED screen , 533MHz ARM9 processor , 64MB of RAM , 16GB of flash , and 5 hour battery life -- not to mention a Flash 7 player , MPEG4 , xViD and DivX compatibility and new games scheduled to hit every month .
Dynamism say these 'll start shipping on October 8th -- anyone throwing down ?
[ Thanks , Craig ] Read - DCEmu Read - Dynamism
Welcome to Bruno ’s Art & Sculpture Garden .
Hidden amongst the trees of the small Victorian village of Marysville is a world full of fantasy , beauty and humor .
Surrounded by the magical rainforest setting , Bruno Torfs has created one of the world ’s most unique and deeply inspiring experiences for art and garden lovers of all ages .
With over three hundred paintings and sculptures to discover , a journey to Bruno ’s is one of Australia ’s most special attractions .
ADN.COM ( H/T : wordie from reddit )
Reporter Lisa Demer talked today to the Palin administration about the use of private e-mail accounts in the governor ’s office .
Palin ’s new communciations director , Bill McAllister , gave a surprising answer when pressed about how the public could get access to those e-mails , when they concern state business and are n’t otherwise exempt from public disclosure .
Listen to what McAllister had to say about open and transparent government .
Gov. Palin ’s communication director , Bill McAllister
https://tpzoo.files.wordpress.com/2008/08/082808-mcallister-demersourceprod_affiliate7.mp3
Just what Washington needs .
Another mondo secretive politician .
After the e-mail scandal of the current most secretive White House ever , this sounds like taken from a Rovian playbook .
Are we sure it was not Karl Rove who killed Lieberman ’s ambitions just in order to install another apt pupil of the Cheney doctrine of absolute non-disclosure ?
: : : : : : : : : :
As for your house - the other major asset many of us have - it 's not appreciating as it once did .
For some , it may be worth less than you think , especially should you put it up for sale right now .
Noida CEO beaten to death by sacked employees
Tue , 01 Jan 2008 ANI
Noida ( Uttar Pradesh ) , Sept 22 ( ANI ) : The Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) of a Noida company was beaten to death today by some dismissed employees following the failure of a meeting , that was called to resolve a dispute between them and the management .
Senior Superintendent of Police ( Noida ) R K Chaturvedi said that L K Chaudhury , the CEO of Gradiano in Udyog Vihar of Greater Noida , was killed when the agitating workers turned violent and beat him up .
During the clash , a security guard opened fire in air , said Chaturvedi .
He added that about 20 people were injured .
Chaudhury was rushed to the Kailash Hospital where he was declared brought dead .
About 200 former employees were present inside the office premises when the incident occured .
The assailants had been dismissed two months back for some reasons .
They were protesting against their dismissal since then .
( ANI )
Aug. 5 , 2008 -- Global warming poses a threat to asthma and allergy patients , according to a new research review .
The review , published in September 's edition of the Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology , makes these predictions :
Worse allergy seasons .
A hotter climate means earlier blooms in spring and a longer season for fall allergens such as ragweed and mugwort .
Basically , more warmth means more plants and more pollen , according to the review .
A hotter climate means earlier blooms in spring and a longer season for fall allergens such as ragweed and mugwort .
Basically , more warmth means more plants and more pollen , according to the review .
Prime conditions for asthma .
More air pollution , more ozone , and more wildfires would worsen air quality , aggravating asthma .
People with allergies and / or asthma " are at risk of worsening disease , more symptomatic days , and reduced quality of life as a result of these environmental changes , " and a warmer world could make allergies and asthma more common , write the reviewers , who included Katherine Shea , MD , MPH , of the School of Public Health at the University of North Carolina , Chapel Hill .
In July , a report from the Environmental Protection Agency included asthma on a list of possible health risks from global warming .
Shea 's team recommends that doctors teach patients how to find and interpret daily air quality reports and pollen counts .
" We need champions throughout the world who will work to put protecting human health at the center of the climate change agenda , " write Shea and colleagues .
The reviewers also point out that biking , walking , using public transportation , eating locally grown fruits and vegetables , and eating less meat is good for human health as well as for the climate .
Despite a recent high - profile vulnerability that showed the net could be hacked in minutes , the domain name system – a key internet infrastructure – continues to suffer from a serious security weakness , thanks to bureaucratic inertia at the U.S. government agency in charge , security experts say .
If the complicated politics of internet governance continue to get in the way of upgrading the security of the net 's core technology , the internet could turn into a carnival house of mirrors , where no URL or e-mail address could be trusted to be genuine , according to Bill Woodcock , research director at the nonprofit Packet Clearing House .
" The National Telecommunications and Information Administration , an agency of the Department of Commerce , is the show - stopper here , " Woodcock said .
At issue is the trustworthiness of the domain name system , or DNS , which serves as the internet 's phone book , translating queries such as wikipedia.org into the numeric IP address where the site 's server lives .
Just weeks ago , security researcher Dan Kaminsky announced he 'd discovered a way for hackers to feed fake info into DNS listings , which would allow hackers to redirect web traffic at will – for example , routing every person attempting to log in to the Bank of America to a fake site controlled by the attacker .
Kaminsky quietly worked with large tech companies to build patches for the net 's name servers to make the attack more difficult .
But security experts , and even the NTIA , say those patches are just temporary fixes ; the only known complete fix is DNSSEC – a set of security extensions for name servers .
Those extensions cryptographically sign DNS records , ensuring their authenticity like a wax seal on an letter .
The push for DNSSEC has been ramping up over the last few years , with four regions – including Sweden ( .SE ) and Puerto Rico ( . PR ) – already securing their own domains with DNSSEC .
Four of the largest top - level domains – .org , .gov , .uk and .mil , are not far behind .
But because DNS servers work in a giant hierarchy , deploying DNSSEC successfully also requires having someone trustworthy sign the so - called " root file " with a public - private key .
Otherwise , an attacker can undermine the entire system at the root level , like cutting down a tree at the trunk .
That 's where the politics comes in .
The DNS root is controlled by the Commerce Department 's NTIA , which thus far has refused to implement DNSSEC .
The NTIA brokers the contracts that divide the governance and top - level operations of the internet between the nonprofit ICANN and the for - profit VeriSign , which also runs the .com domain .
" They 're the only department of the government that is n't on board with securing the Domain Name System , and unfortunately , they 're also the ones who Commerce deputized to oversee ICANN , " Woodcock said .
" The biggest difference is that once the root is signed and the public key is out , it will be put in every operating system and will be on all CDs from Apple , Microsoft , SUSE , Freebsd , etc , " says Russ Mundy , principal networking scientist at Sparta , Inc , which has been developing open - source DNSSEC tools for years with government funding , He says the top - level key is " the only one you have to have , to go down the tree . "
A European networking group known as RIPE called in June 2007 for the root to be signed , with Swedish and British representatives echoing the call in October .
But NTIA is not moving quickly enough to sign the root , given the looming threat , even after the final technical problems have been resolved , according to Woodcock and others .
" A few years ago , there were still technical hurdles to actually signing and using DNSSEC , but in the past few years , a lot of software tools , both commercial and open - source , have come out , and now it 's a completely solved problem , " Woodcock said .
" All that 's left is the far less tractable , purely political problem . "
" Arguing over who gets to hold the cryptographic keys in the long run [ should ] wait until we 're not facing a critical threat , " Woodcock said .
But the NTIA insists it is moving at just the right pace .
" We are committed to taking no action that would have the potential to adversely affect the operational stability of the DNS , " says spokesman Bart Forbes .
" While there is increasing pressure to secure the DNS , NTIA must work with all stakeholders and consider all possible solutions . "
Olaf Kolkman , a Dutch networking export , says there 's no time to waste .
The only way for DNSSEC to work is for the top - level zone file – which lists the specifics for top - level domains like .gov – to be signed by a trusted authority .
" Currently DNSSEC is the only mechanism known to protect against the Kaminsky attack , " Kolkman said .
" It is not clear that other solutions will provide the same level of protection as DNSSEC . "
Without such extensions , a hacker eager for trade secrets could hijack the DNS listing for Apple 's e-mail server and insert the number for a server he controls instead .
He could then keep a copy of every message sent to the company and forward them all .
No one would likely to be any wiser until a human looked closely at the mail headers .
Still , even DNSSEC 's most fervent backers admit that signing the root wo n't instantly secure the net .
Installing the extensions internet - wide will be costly and time - intensive , but proponents say that getting the root signed will turbocharge the process .
The Internet Assigned Numbers Authority – which coordinates the internet – has been prototyping a system to sign the root - zone file for the last year , but they can't do the same for the internet 's top servers without approval from the Department of Commerce .
That 's where the rub is , according to Kolkman .
" Then the issue becomes political because there seems to be the perception that the introduction of a key guardian changes the current policies , " Kolkman said
That could also simplify how top - level zone files are created , according to Richard Lamb , a technical expert at IANA .
Currently companies that manage top - level domains like .com submit changes to ICANN , which then sends them to NTIA for approval , before they 're forwarded to VeriSign .
VeriSign actually edits the root file and publishes it to the 13 root servers around the world .
" We would want to bring the editing , creation and signing of the root zone file here , " to IANA , Lamb said , noting that VeriSign would likely still control distribution of the file to the root servers , and there would be a public consultation process that the change was right for the net .
But changing that system could be perceived as reducing U.S. control over the net – a touchy geopolitical issue .
ICANN is often considered by Washington politicians to be akin to the United Nations , and its push to control the root - zone file could push the U.S. to give more control to VeriSign , experts say .
VeriSign did not respond to a request for comment , but its CTO said earlier this year that it was creating its own root - zone file - signing test bed .
The root - zone file , which contains entries for the 300 or so top - level domains such as .gov and .com , changes almost every day , but the number of changes to the file will likely increase radically in the near future , since ICANN decided in June to allow an explosion of new top - level domain names .
Woodcock is n't buying the assurances of NTIA that it is simply moving deliberatively .
" If the root is n't signed , then no amount of work that responsible individuals and companies do to protect their domains will be effective , " Woodcock said .
" You have to follow the chain of signatures down from the root to the top - level domain to the user 's domain .
If all three pieces are n't there , the user is n't protected . "
Photo : Jon Oakley / Flickr See Also :
I recently built the beta of Python 3000 – the upcoming total revamp of Python ( due to be released in September – 992 years before they promised ! )
Because Py3 K is unashamedly “ backwards incompatible ” , they are finally fixing all the major language flaws and making things “ the way they should be ! ” ( Note there will be a somewhat automated conversion process from Python 2 to 3 code ) .
And I love it !
Everything is fixed the way I hoped .
Hence this is the first in the “ Py3 K rox my sox ” series of blog posts .
You can see a summary of new features here .
OK , so one of the major problems I ’ve complained about ( and heard ) in Python is the so - called “ outer scope ” problem .
This is a very definite limitation of what you can do in Python .
Read on !
How globals really work
First a bit of background you may not know .
This applies to all versions of Python , not just 3.0 .
In Python if you do n’t declare a variable , Python figures out whether you ’re referring to a local or global based on whether you write to it .
For example :
x = 4 def f( ) : return x
Here , Python figures out that the x you refer to is actually the global x , and returns 4 .
It figures this out because the function never writes to x , anywhere .
Not just because it has n’t written to x yet , but because it has no statement which assigns to x .
( It figures this out statically , not at runtime ) .
So , for example :
x = 4 def f( ) : if True : return x else : x = 2
This would be a neat quiz question actually :
What does f( ) evaluate to ?
Answer : UnboundLocalError : local variable ‘ x ’ referenced before assignment .
The mere fact that x is assigned somewhere in the function ( even somewhere which will never be executed ) causes Python to treat it as a local , and hence it is undefined when you go to return it .
The correct solution is to declare it “ global ” explicitly , which is the only way to make a function which writes to a global .
x = 4 def f( ) : global x if True : return x else : x = 2
This works well in practice , because you can define constants like MAX_FOO and use them all over the place without declaring them global , but you need to be explicit if you want to update a global ( which is usually a good idea because it ’s dangerous – see JavaScript for a counter - example ) .
The “ outer scope ” problem
On to the “ outer scope ” problem .
Basically , Python lets you write nested functions , and the nested functions have access to the local variables of their containing code .
For example :
def outer ( ) : x = 9 def inner_read ( ) : return x return inner_read ( )
If you call outer ( ) , it will return 9 .
The variable x is local to the outer function .
But the inner function can read it , and return it .
The problem comes when you want to write to a non-local variable , like this :
def outer ( ) : x = 9 def inner_read ( ) : return x def inner_write ( ) : x = 3 inner_write ( ) return inner_read ( )
As with global variables , Python can find outer scope variables if you only read them ( as inner_read does ) , but if you write to them anywhere in the function , it assumes you are making a new local variable ( as inner_write does ) .
Hence inner_write creates a new local x , and assigns it 3 , and the function outer returns 9 .
I would like for inner_write to update the existing x , and hence have outer return 3 .
The solution is pretty simple :
Have a keyword like global , but rather than going all the way to the top scope , it just tells Python to look for the innermost scope with a bound variable of that name .
Python 3.0 introduces exactly that : the nonlocal keyword .
Let ’s give it a try !
def outer ( ) : x = 9 def inner_read ( ) : return x def inner_write ( ) : nonlocal x x = 3 inner_write ( ) return inner_read ( )
Woot !
Python 3.0 compiles this code and the outer function returns 3 .
The funny thing is , this problem seems to be specific to Python .
In most static languages , all variables are declared .
In Haskell , all variables are read - only .
In Ruby , you refer to global variables by prefixing them with a $ dollar .
In JavaScript , it ’s the inverse of Python : you declare all local variables and they default to global ( which is a hideous idea – if you forget to declare a variable you implicitly start sharing where you did n’t expect to be sharing ) .
Of course there are probably other languages with this problem but Python is the only one I ’ve ever seen .
References
PEP 3104 – Access to Names in Outer Scopes – Official proposal / discussion of this feature
We can't help but find Green Vehicles '
Triac three - wheeled highway - capable electric car anything but stupidly adorable , and it looks like it 's even better than we hoped .
Our friends over at Autoblog Green scored some more info on the buggy , and found that the top speed it actually 80 mph , and that range is just about 100 miles on a full charge , down from 120 miles as originally estimated .
The Triac will also roll with a five - speed transmission , and charge from either a 120V or 240V power source .
On top of all that , Green Vehicles is apparently working on a truck called the Buckshot based on the same motor , but with a three - speed transmission that will enable it to be a " true work truck . "
Sure , sure -- but when can we have a Triac ?
Seriously , we want to hug it .
US military boffins are preparing highly sophisticated technical defences against the dreaded electromagnetic pulse bomb , a weapon which has long been anticipated but never successfully built .
We know about the counter - electropulse defence technology because the company which will develop it - HRL Labs of Malibu , California - announced their contract win yesterday .
The programme is referred to by the Pentagon as Electromagnetic Pulse - tolerant Microwave Receiver Front- end , or EMPiRe * .
The idea of the attacking e-weapon is that it would release a hugely powerful radio - frequency or microwave pulse .
In the same way that a normal , very weak emission is picked up by a radio or radar antenna to produce a measurable current , the weapons - grade pulse would induce a vicious surge in exposed electronic equipment - potentially frying it for good , or at least shutting it down for a bit .
Such weapons , it 's often thought , might be driven by explosions or other rapid processes rather than normal batteries or generators , because of the need to release large amounts of power very fast : hence pulse bomb rather than pulse raygun etc .
Normally , the defence against this sort of thing is simple .
You merely enclose your electronics in a conductive metallic Faraday cage , perhaps fashioned of trusty tinfoil if nothing better comes to hand .
The problems of generating and focusing powerful electropulses are already enormous - so enormous , in fact , that decades of secretive US effort have failed to produce any working EMP weapons **.
Producing an EMP which has range , focus and power sufficient to sizzle its way through a decent Faraday cage is just not on .
But there are problems here .
Some kinds of electronics are no use if you wrap them up in a radio - proof box .
In particular , a microwave receiver in a communications or radar set needs to pick up RF radiation - but if you let it , an EMP bomb or whatever might fry the electronics of the connected system .
HRL 's proposed solution is to isolate the " front end " of the receiver , which will " sense incoming electrical fields through a high - performance microwave photonic link " .
The new HRL front end will pass information to the signal processors optically , meaning that no electric surge through into the protected back end is possible .
" The thermal effects of a high - energy attack will be insignificant because our sensor head absorbs negligible radio - frequency power , " says HRL Senior Scientist Dr James Schaffner .
HRL 's research is funded by DARPA , the Pentagon 's elite group of paradigm - punishing , technonoclastic nerd - wranglers .
DARPA 's goal often appears to the outsider to be that of rendering America 's latest military tech obsolete well before it actually comes into service .
In this case the Pentagon brainboxes may well excel themselves , as even the more ambitious ongoing US pulse - bomb efforts only see themselves starting a useful weapons programme from 2012 .
( To be fair , DARPA might be more worried about EMPs from nukes . )
Needless to say , some who already prefer to be on the safe side regarding Faraday Cage protective headgear will see this instead as solid evidence that the dreaded , functional pulse bomb - or even EMP ray - cannon - is already out there . ®
Bootnotes
* This breaks every rule of Acronym Club .
We suggest Barrier Interposed Terawatt Countermeasures against High - powered Specialist Lightning Attack Pulses .
** Other than nuclear bombs , which produce a substantial EMP as a side effect when they go off .
It has been suggested that if you wanted to EMP an enemy city - so knocking out all its comms and electronics , as opposed to leaving it a glowing glassy crater - you might touch off a suitable nuke above it in the extreme upper reaches of the atmosphere .
Evil Sean Bean was fixing to do this to London in the Bond flick Goldeneye , using an eponymous Russkie space nuke pulse device hacked by Bean 's henchmen from their thinly - disguised shopping centre base , apparently situated beneath the Arecibo radar telescope .
Tim Russert and the decay of the American media
By David North and David Walsh
16 June 2008
Tim Russert , longtime moderator of NBC’s “ Meet the Press ” and the television network ’s Washington Bureau Chief , died June 13 of a heart attack in Washington at the age of 58 .
Russert also hosted a CNBC / MSNBC weekend interview program and was a frequent correspondent and guest on NBC’s “ The Today Show ” and “ Hardball . ”
Russert was comparatively young , and he leaves behind a wife and grown son .
It is appropriate to extend sympathy to his friends and family .
However , inasmuch as the death of Russert is being treated by the political establishment and the media as a major national political event , one must treat it on those terms .
Indeed , tributes to the NBC newsman have filled the airwaves since his death on Friday .
President Bush as well as Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama and his Republican counterpart John McCain have all gone before the TV cameras to mourn his passing .
The coverage of his death and the tributes themselves have been vastly out of proportion to the real significance and accomplishments , such as they were , of the deceased .
The treatment of Russert ’s demise , in its own peculiar fashion , speaks more eloquently about the state of American journalism and the milieu of which he was a part than it does about Russert .
No doubt there is shock over the abruptness and unexpectedness of his death , for it is a troubling reminder to the social elite that success , celebrity and immense amounts of money do not bestow immortality , or even , necessarily , a long life .
In the end , after all , Russert was a celebrity , little more than that .
Was he an important or insightful journalist ?
Or a serious political thinker ?
There is no evidence to support such claims .
In spite of his lengthy tenure as anchor of a major news program ( he was the longest - serving moderator of “ Meet the Press ” ) , it is not possible to link Russert ’s name to a significant journalistic work or even an instance of acute political analysis .
On the contrary .
He was a typical representative of what passes for journalism in the United States ’ corporate - controlled media : conformist and philistine in his views , a purveyor of received wisdom who had no doubts whatever about the values and legitimacy of the political establishment .
One has only to consider certain of the events that occurred “ on his watch ” : the Clinton impeachment , the stolen 2000 election , September 11 , the Iraq war and its aftermath .
None of these events evoked from Russert a critical examination of the claims of the state and its representatives .
In each case , Russert ’s essential role was to bolster the establishment and lull the population to sleep .
His role in the Clinton - Monica Lewinsky scandal , an episode that did a great deal for his career , was particularly filthy .
In the first days of the crisis , Russert breathlessly asserted that if the allegations about Clinton ’s sexual impropriety were true , the president would have to resign .
“ Whether it will come to that , ” Russert continued , “ I do n’t know , and I do n’t think it ’s right or fair to be in the speculation game .
But I do not underestimate anything happening at this point .
The next 48 to 72 hours are critical . ”
The population largely rejected the media campaign .
As the WSWS wrote in 2000 , in a survey of television personnel : “ Russert was one of those who claimed to be taking the moral high ground , castigating Clinton ’s behavior , while spreading the salacious gossip put out by the right wing .
( Typical Russert sound - bite : ‘ There are lots of suggestions coming out of people close to Ken Starr that perhaps the Secret Service ‘ facilitated ’ [ i.e. , pimped ] for President Clinton .
Remember that code word — it was used by state troopers in Little Rock ....
Was the Secret Service — was a Secret Service agent — an accomplice in trying to cover up a relationship with Monica Lewinsky ? ’
The fact that this story , and dozens like it , attributed to ‘ unnamed sources , ’ proved to be false , never stopped Russert and his media cohorts . ) ”
It is pathetic to hear eulogists praise , as a moment of unsurpassed inspiration and an indication of his uncanny ability to summarize complicated events in a popular manner , Russert ’s holding up of a white board with the word “ Florida ” written three times on election night 2000 .
This on the very night when FOX News was rigging the election outcome .
The notion that Russert asked the “ tough questions ” of those he interviewed , advanced by a host of former colleagues on a tribute broadcast this Sunday in place of “ Meet the Press , ” is absurd .
During the run-up to the war , Russert , along with the rest of the media , provided a platform for Vice President Dick Cheney and others to present their lying claims about Iraq ’s weapons of mass destruction without seriously calling any of them into question .
On March 16 , 2003 , only days before the US - led invasion of Iraq , Russert virtually handed his program over to Cheney , providing the latter with a propaganda opportunity in front of a large national audience , much of it skeptical about the administration ’s claims .
Russert ’s particular role here was to politely raise certain doubts and allow Cheney to allay them .
For example , Russert asked Cheney : “ What do you think is the most important rationale for going to war with Iraq ? ”
The vice president replied , “ Well , I think I ’ve just given it , Tim , in terms of the combination of his development and use of chemical weapons , his development of biological weapons , his pursuit of nuclear weapons . ”
Russert responded : “ And even though the International Atomic Energy Agency said he does not have a nuclear program , we disagree ? ”
Cheney : “ I disagree , yes .
And you ’ll find the CIA , for example , and other key parts of our intelligence community disagree .
...
And I think if you look at the track record of the International Atomic Energy Agency and this kind of issue , especially where Iraq ’s concerned , they have consistently underestimated or missed what it was Saddam Hussein was doing .
I do n’t have any reason to believe they ’re any more valid this time than they ’ve been in the past . ”
That matter being settled , Russert was on to the next question .
In Bill Moyers ’ documentary , Buying the War , Russert claims that he did n’t raise sufficient doubts about what Cheney and others were telling him because critics and skeptics were n’t contacting him .
He tells Moyers : “ To this day , I wish my phone had rung , or I had access to them . ”
Millions were protesting in the streets , United Nations inspectors , the International Atomic Energy Agency , various foreign governments , not to mention the World Socialist Web Site and other left - wing publications , were refuting the Bush government ’s claims , but none of this was accessible to Russert .
In this , he ’s probably being honest .
Attuned to what the powerful thought and considering left - wing opinion to be illegitimate , Russert only had ears for Cheney and his fellow conspirators .
In any event , Russert learned nothing from the Iraq war .
His program continued to provide a platform for the powerful and the cruel .
In July 2006 , in the immediate aftermath of the Israeli massacre in the southern village of Qana , in which dozens of women and children perished , he played host on “ Meet the Press ” to Israel ’s ambassador to the United Nations , Dan Gillerman , who proceeded in a predictably cold - blooded fashion to blame the atrocity on Hezbollah .
It is revealing , in its own way , that Russert ’s celebrity credentials were burnished with a bestseller about his father , “ Big Russ . ”
It is worth recalling that William Shirer — the old CBS hand who worked with Edward R. Murrow in the 1930s and 1940s — established his reputation with Berlin Diary , his account of Germany in the first years of the Nazi regime .
He later went on to write ( after he had been witch - hunted out of the broadcast media ) The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich .
Other reporters from that era , such as Eric Sevareid , left behind memoirs that contained interesting social commentary .
Russert ’s Big Russ , on the other hand , was nothing but a saccharine account of an America were “ traditional ” values were honored , where “ men were men , ” etc .
In other words , a fictionalized America , conceived in the mind of a conformist .
The book is part of a marketable genre , which includes Tom Brokaw ’s The Greatest Generation , a self - deluding slap - on - the - back account of life in post - war America .
It was fitting , in its own way , that Brokaw broke the news of Russert ’s death .
Russert was born in Buffalo , New York in 1950 , at the height of the Cold War and the anti-communist hysteria in the US , and grew up in an Irish Catholic , working - class family .
In his various comments and writings there was not a hint of protest or rebellion against the upbringing .
Russert had nothing but praise for the Jesuits and “ the nuns . ”
He intended to become a lawyer or teacher in Buffalo , and had not political and media history intervened , Russert would most likely have become one more figure in and around the corrupt Democratic Party machinery in Erie County .
According to Maria Shriver , former colleague of Russert at NBC and presently wife of the governor of California , Russert had “ faith in God , faith in country , faith in family . ”
There is no particular reason to doubt it .
If one wants to get some picture of life in the Buffalo area in the early 1950s , it is worth turning to Joyce Carol Oates ’ You Must Remember This .
In one of the key early scenes , the father of the lead character , the owner of a furniture store , is hauled in by police on charges of “ suspected subversion ” and “ promulgating of Communist propaganda , ” and interrogated for hours , for pointing out in an argument with a customer that the USSR and China “ constituted a significantly larger land mass , in toto , than did the United States . ”
There were however , others from similar backgrounds , particularly from Russert ’s generation , who developed quite differently .
Their formative experiences were the Vietnam War , the urban rebellions of the 1960s and the Watergate crisis , and they came to reject the hypocrisy , social conservatism and anti-communism of the church and state .
There was never any indication in Russert ’s public persona that he drew any critical conclusions from these experiences .
In 1976 , after graduating from university and law school , Russert worked on the senatorial campaign of Democrat Daniel Patrick Moynihan , who made his name by attacking the poor and blaming them for their own poverty , and served as Moynihan ’s chief of staff for five years .
Russert then worked for Democratic Gov. Mario Cuomo , before leaving politics and going to work for NBC in 1984 .
One of his initial accomplishments was arranging for Pope Paul II ’s first interview on American television .
Russert became a household name during the period of the severe decline of the American media , when ignorance , superficiality and cynicism became the hallmarks of all that passed for news and analysis .
It is worth noting that in its original format “ Meet the Press ” had a single guest and a panel of questioners .
It went through various permutations , until “ Under Russert , ” as one commentator notes , “ the show was expanded to one hour , and became less of a televised press conference and more focused on Russert , with longer interviews and Russert hosting panels of experts . ”
He became immensely wealthy in the process , like many of his media colleagues .
Russert ’s 6,220 - square - foot vacation home on Nantucket Island , for instance , was valued at $ 7.2 million in 2008 .
When reminded of his humble beginnings and eventual success , Russert would apparently exclaim , “ What a great country ! ” No — what bad times !
The media , especially NBC , MSNBC and CNBC , has devoted hours to coverage of Russert ’s death .
Why ?
What is being mourned ?
Human beings , even famous ones , die every day .
There are individuals who have made significant contributions in the arts , sciences and even journalism whose deaths go largely unnoticed .
In the case of Russert , it would not be possible for his eulogists to produce a single one of his broadcasts that would evoke a significant emotional , let alone intellectual response — where one would watch and appreciate his insight .
There is no “ moment ” remotely comparable to Murrow ’s denunciation of Sen. Joseph McCarthy or Walter Cronkite ’s criticism of the Vietnam War on CBS .
There is not even a narration of an honest television documentary into some troubling aspect of the American social reality .
There is next to nothing .
50 Poisonous Snakes Found in Man’s Condo
A Tokyo man has been arrested for housing more than 50 poisonous snakes , including cobras with highly toxic venom .
The arrest occurred after he recovered from being bitten by an eastern green mamba , which is considered one of the world ’s most poisonous snakes .
Biting the hand that feeds you is a maxim that snakes apparently do n’t understand or have no regard for .
Nobukazu Kashiwagi , aged 42 , called an ambulance and was rushed to the hospital in critical condition from his condominium in the Jingumae district of the city .
He was arrested after recovering from a bite on his finger for violation of the Law Concerning the Protection and Control of Animals .
According to Michihisa Toriba , director of the Japan Snake Institute of Gunma Prefecture , the 185 - cm - long snake that bit him has one of the most powerful venoms in the world .
“ Snake enthusiasts usually keep non-poisonous snakes .
This one is a kind of cobra that usually lives in African savannas , often in trees . ”
No one seems to know why Kashiwagi kept these snakes in plastic boxes all over his home .
Maybe they are afraid to ask .
( link )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Description :
There seems to be a lot of these clips around , yet I never tire of them .
Must be the boobs !
Thanks to forum superstar bobbob10 for putting this one together .
Views : 289520 Date : August 25 , 2008 Favorited : 17
The Canadian government today introduced its long - awaited , much - derided , totally - not - influenced - by - US - interests copyright reform bill ( C - 61 ) today .
How do we know it was n't influenced by US interests ?
The Canadian government says so .
" Our government has committed to ensuring Canada 's copyright law is up - to - date , and today we are delivering by introducing this ' made - in - Canada ' bill that balances the interests of Canadians who use digital technology and those who create content , " said Industry Minister Jim Prentice in a statement today .
Made in Canada ?
What could possibly go wrong ?
Consumer benefits
While there are some things to like from a consumer perspective , nothing revolutionary or even particularly interesting is present .
Canadians will now have the right to legally record TV shows , copy legally - acquired music onto devices such as iPods , and make backups of books , newspapers , videocassettes , and photographs .
That 's ... about it , and people are doing all those things already .
The other major benefit to noncommercial copyright users is that statutory damages will be capped at a mere CAN$ 500 .
Compared to the huge statutory rates payable in the US — Jammie Thomas paid more than US $ 9,000 per song — this seems like a far more rational approach .
Until you look at the details .
Ah , those pesky details .
In every case we 've mentioned , the details make even the " consumer - friendly " parts of the bill a bit less friendly .
Take time - shifting as an example .
Canadians have been doing it for years , but it has n't been entirely clear that the practice was legal .
The new bill does allow the time - shifting of both television and radio programs " to which you have legal access , including on - demand programs , " but it limits this to a single recording with no further copies and explicitly rules out keeping the shows indefinitely .
Canadians can't build up a library of shows this way as they could with a VCR .
When we come to backup copies , the list is a curious one : books , newspapers , videocassettes , and photographs .
This is not accidental .
The government 's " fact sheets " on the bill indicate that DVDs are not included , and CDs do n't seem to be , either .
While a " backup right " might sound consumer - friendly , it does n't apply to things that consumers actually want to back up : DVDs , computer software , CDs .
Backing up books is not , so far as I can tell , a huge priority for people , in part because your toddler does n't tend to destroy books by shoving them into the DVD player the wrong way .
Prentice takes a victory lap
Limitations on statutory damages for noncommercial copyright infringement have long been called for by consumer advocates in the US , and the Canadian bill initially seems to offer some relief here .
But when applied to the digital world , the CAN$ 500 cap only applies to people who download infringing content .
" Posting " music " using the Internet or peer - to - peer ( P2P ) technology " or uploading a copyrighted picture or video to YouTube , Facebook , or your blog does not qualify for any protection , and anyone who does so remains liable for up to CAN $ 20,000 in statutory damages .
In addition , judges have discretion to impose punitive damages in all cases .
That 's it for consumer rights , and what 's there is n't particularly interesting .
Creator benefits
Creators gain some important new rights and have other rights clarified to address P2P .
The new bill makes clear that swapping copyrighted files is illegal and provides a " making available " right to creators .
Making such a right explicit makes it far easier to go after file - swappers , since there is no question of having to prove that other people are downloading the file in question ; if someone is making it available , that person is infringing .
In addition , rightsholders can go after those who bypass or break DRM schemes , giving them more ability to tie up content and devices simply by adding a bit of encryption .
Courts in the US have placed limits on this practice ( you can't slap some useless encryption into your company 's garage door opener , for instance , and then try to lock out competitors on anticircumvention grounds ) , so we 'll have to wait and see how a similar right actually develops in Canada .
Technological protection measures , also known as DRM , get full - on DMCA - style protection under the new bill .
It is illegal to circumvent DRM or to provide circumvention services or devices .
While other countries have allowed circumvention for legal uses , the Canadian bill only allows people to bypass DRM for the purposes of reverse engineering , security testing , and encryption research .
A union of Canadian consumer groups this week sent a letter to the government ( PDF ) urging that any new copyright policy " should seek to protect creators , the public , and the public interest , not the technology that limits access to content , " but that request was ignored .
The government is unapologetic about its approach to DRM , even as it admits that it will be controversial .
In a " backgrounder " on the bill , the government says that it is aware that " some groups fear that the legal protection of [ DRM ] will unduly hinder public access to works .
Others view such protections as potentially threatening to free speech and privacy . "
The rebuttal to these ideas is telling : " a majority of rights holders have been asking for years for Canada to get in line with the current international consensus on protecting copyright in the digital era . "
Ask and you shall receive , copyright holders !
The government does point out that companies are under no obligation to use DRM and consumers are under no obligation to buy products that contain it , but that 's cold comfort in the wake of the Sony BMG rootkit debacle .
The bill also increases the " moral rights " of creators , a European concept that basically gives an author or composer some rights over controlling how and where his or her work is used .
The Canadian bill would make it illegal to " distort or mutilate a copyright performance , " as the fact sheet has it , something which has the potential to cripple mashups , criticism , and certain forms of satire and remix if handled in the wrong way .
Finally , rightsholders get term extensions : music is now covered for 50 years after first publication and photographs are copyrighted for the life of the photographer plus an additional 50 years .
Just the beginning ?
The government also makes clear in several parts of today 's announcement that the bill is only one part of its copyright overhaul ; the secretive development of the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) will also be part of the " government 's broader intellectual property strategy . "
That approach appears to fit perfectly with the way that the new copyright bill was developed : in secret , without public consultation .
Now that the bill is out in the open and Parliament has a chance to whack away at it , we 'll be watching to see whether a groundswell of protest can lead to a more consumer - friendly product after derailing an earlier version of the same bill last December .
The new bill is being pitched as a way to bring Canada into the modern age and " ensure that Canada 's copyright protection will be among the strongest in the world . "
How " strongest in the world " and " balanced " ( another term that pops up repeatedly ) can coexist is left as an exercise to the reader .
WARSAW ( Reuters ) - The Polish prosecutor ’s office is investigating allegations that there was a CIA prison in Poland where al Qaeda suspects were questioned and guards might have used methods close to torture , the prime minister ’s top adviser said on Friday .
A guard shuts the gate to the airport in Szymany in northeastern Poland in this file 2005 picture .
Human Rights
Watch identified the airport as a potential site of alleged CIA prisons used to interrogate al Qaeda captives .
Poland strongly denied it was hosting such facilities .
REUTERS / FORUM / Tomasz Marek
Polish media reported earlier on Friday that a classified note written by the Polish secret service had proved the existence of a U.S. Central Intelligence Agency base in Poland .
“ I am not familiar with such a note and I do n’t think Prime Minister Donald Tusk is either , ” Slawomir Nowak , who heads Tusk ’s political office , said in an interview with Tok FM radio .
“ But the premier asked the justice minister to clarify this matter and the country ’s prosecutor ’s office is investigating the potential existence of the CIA prison . ”
The Washington Post reported for the first time in 2005 , quoting unnamed CIA sources , that CIA prisons existed in Europe .
A U.S. human rights group , Human Rights Watch , later said Poland and Romania hosted the prisons .
“ There definitely was cooperation between Polish and American secret services , ” a source close to the secret service told Reuters .
“ But whether there was torture at the base , hopefully we will learn about that soon . ”
Foreign and local media speculated that the base was operational between 2002 and 2005 , while Aleksander Kwasniewski was president and Poland was run by the leftist governments of Leszek Miller and Marek Belka and then a rightist administration under Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz .
DENIALS
All three have denied any knowledge of such a prison or base , as have many other senior officials including top secret service personnel .
Tusk ’s centre - right cabinet has also played down speculation about such a place .
“ I hope this will not be confirmed , ” Nowak said .
“ It would not only have serious consequences inside the country but would also take a very serious toll on the international scene . ”
“ This has to be investigated very carefully , without emotions . ”
Defense Minister Bogdan Klich told a news conference on Friday he knew nothing about the case but that a final judgment should not be based on speculation .
Since 2005 , separate reports by the Council of Europe , the European Parliament and the European Commission have concluded that CIA prisons did exist in Poland and Romania .
All Polish political parties have played down speculation about the existence of a CIA prison .
Under Polish law , a Pole who was party to an agreement allowing the CIA to torture suspects could be sued in the regular courts or even in the State Tribunal , a special court for government officials .
“ We demanded official information from the prime minister about the prisons in June , but we never got it , ” said Dawid Szescilo of the Polish unit of the Helsinki Foundation for Human Rights .
“ This is the third government that has banned ( the release of ) any information about the case , and public opinion should be given knowledge of all of this . ”
JAJJAL VILLAGE , INDIA — Four decades after the so - called Green Revolution enabled this vast nation to feed itself , some farmers are turning their backs on modern agricultural methods — the use of modified seeds , fertilizer , and pesticides — in favor of organic farming .
This is not a matter of producing gourmet food for environmentally attuned consumers but rather something of a life - and - death choice in villages like this one , where the benefits of the Green Revolution have been coupled with unanticipated harmful consequences from chemical pollution .
As driving their actions , the new organic farmers cite the rising costs of seed , fertilizer , and pesticides , and concerns that decades of chemical use is ruining the soil .
But many are also revolting against what they see as the environmental degradation that has come with the new farming techniques , particularly the serious pollution of drinking water that village residents blame for causing cancer and other diseases .
" People are fed up with chemical farming , " says Amarjit Sharma , a farmer for 30 years who began organic farming four years ago .
" The earth is now addicted to the use of these chemicals . "
For now , their numbers are small , perhaps 5 percent of farmers around the agricultural region in the Punjab state , known for its cotton production .
But this is a trend that could become important if their numbers grow and cut into India 's agricultural productivity in an era of tightening global food supplies .
Starting in 1965 , India 's Green Revolution transformed the country 's few fertile regions into veritable breadbaskets , quadrupling India 's output of wheat and rice .
The revolution brought new irrigation techniques , hybrid seeds , fertilizers , pesticides , herbicides , and mechanization .
Punjab 's farmers became heroes of a self - sufficient India no longer dependent upon shipments of foreign grain and making a clean cut with a past full of mass starvation and food aid from the United States .
Times have changed , says Prof. R. K. Mahajan , an agricultural economist at Punjabi University .
" The Green Revolution is not as green as it was earlier — it has now become brown and pale , " he says .
" The profit margins have skewed to the minimum . "
The Green Revolution hardly seems to have made much of an impact in terms of well - being here .
Rural poverty abounds , malarial mosquitoes breed in stagnant pools of water , and bullock carts far outnumber motor vehicles .
And behind the walls villagers speak of cancer , which they say is on the rise along with other ailments such as renal failure , stillborn babies , and birth defects that researchers attribute to the overuse and misuse of pesticides and herbicides .
Punjab represents only 1.5 percent of India 's geography but accounts for nearly a 20 percent share of its pesticide consumption .
In many cases , rural farmers do n't know proper usage and disposal techniques , with few using protective clothing or equipment when handling highly toxic chemicals .
In farming villages , pesticide containers are sometimes reused as kitchen containers .
And many farmers assume that applying more pesticides and herbicides is better , without understanding that the heavy use is gradually poisoning water supplies .
Lying under a tree on a charpoi , a traditional bed made of taught rope , Santosh Rani , 30 , believes she is one of the victims .
" I have cancer , " she says , her voice barely above a whisper as she clenches her stomach .
Since 2001 , 40 people have died from various forms of cancer in Rani 's village of about 3,300 ; until 10 years ago , village residents say cancer was very rare or at least largely unknown by villagers who now regard it as a menace stalking all of them .
Some research does support their fears .
A recent Punjabi University study found a high rate of genetic damage among farmers , which was attributed to pesticide use .
The study found DNA damage affecting a third of the sample group of 210 farmers spraying pesticides and herbicides , a level apparently unaffected by other factors such as age , smoking , and dietary habits .
A second study , also made public this past year , found widespread contamination of drinking water with pesticide chemicals and heavy metals , all of which are linked to cancer and other life - threatening ailments .
The government 's top civil servant for health and family welfare in Punjab , Health Secretary T. R. Sarangal , says more time is needed to study the problem .
" Certainly , we are in a danger zone as far as the toxicity and danger of fertilizers are concerned , " says Sarangal .
But the last time cancer rates were measured officially in southern Punjab — about seven years ago — the rates were actually below the national average .
The state government is now commissioning two new cancer survey studies in an effort to document the extent of the problem , and it is also financing two new public - private partnerships for the construction of cancer hospitals in Punjab .
" It is a perception by the hospitals and by the households that cancer rates are much higher than in previous decades , " says G. P. I. Singh , a public health expert who has worked in southern Punjab for over 25 years .
" The entire area of Punjab today is overloaded with pesticides .
What is troublesome are the chronic effects .
They take generations or decades to manifest themselves . "
Some doctors , like Singh , and activists are pressing farmers to go back to earlier agricultural techniques , even at the expense of reducing India 's farm production .
" What are you achieving by feeding people at the cost of their health ? " says Singh .
Umendra Dutt , a towering , energetic environmental activist with chest - length locks and a thick beard , goes a step further , arguing that " the Green Revolution has devastated the entire ecosystem of our society — the ecology and economy — we have lost almost all of our biodiversity .
[ It ] is input intensive , techno - centric , resource - guzzling .
It is not a cultural transformation leading to self - sufficiency . "
Not in the way that organic farming is , he argues .
" Our [ organic ] farmers are living a life that is much more sustainable , " says Dutt .
The organic movement , if it qualifies as a movement , is running up against the strong incentives the government provides farmers to support Green Revolution techniques : from the minimum price support the government offers farmers for wheat and rice made with the aid of fertilizer and pesticides to the social pressure to prevent farmers from changing decades - long practices .
Can the economics pay off ?
That 's unclear .
Sharma , who is now the custodian of his village 's organic seed bank , says his wheat yield is half that of his neighbors , who used pesticides and fertilizer .
But he is able to sell his organically grown crop for something more than twice the going price .
In addition , he does n't have to buy costly supplies such as hybrid seeds , fertilizers and pesticides , purchases which put many farmers into debt at the start of each growing season .
Sharma uses traditional homemade pesticides such as cow manure mixed with urine , soured milk , garlic , chilies , and the leaves of a native plant to ward off parasitic insects .
He is making a bet that over time , organic farming will narrow the productivity gap if his methods are able to improve the quality of soil damaged by chemically intensive farming .
The major difference between chemical farming and organic farming is that with chemical farming , the yield either decreases or stays stagnant over time while with organic farming , the quality of the soil increases , he says .
" After two or three years , the yield will be equal . "
Sorry , the article you requested is not currently available .
Springform
Ok
wrecktastic
supposed
c'mon
Vicky ?!?
UPDATE : YES !!
Vicky the bride has spoken !!!
Check the Comments section for her assurances of this cake 's validity .
( You 'll have to scroll waaaay down ; you guys are certainly letting your voices be heard on this one , are n't you ? )
If you guys thought the first wedding disaster cake was bad , hold on to your pantaloons .
Alright , let 's set the scene : here 's what the bride asked for , only in all white with minor green accents .
Now , I would tell you to take a moment to prepare yourselves for the horror you 're about to witness , but frankly no amount of time would be adequate .
So just go ahead and scroll down now .
I 'll give you a moment .[ whistling ]
Back in your seat now ?
Good .
Because believe it or not , there 's more .
Aw yeah .1 ) The top tier still had thepan under it .
2 ) The cake " base " is a metal sign .
3 ) I swear I am not making this up . , so the bottom levels are covered with a fondant lumpier than the Bearded Lady 's thighs , and the top tier is the wrong shape and is n't even iced completely .
I see all that , and yet you know what the funniest bit to me is ?
Those green lines up the sides , which I can only assume are attempts at " ribbons " : not only are they as unlike ribbons as icing can possibly get , but they do n't even line up !
Somehow that last bit of lunacy just sends me over the edge .
( This post is also the first in a new category : Missed Marks .
Because nothing is quite soas when you see what it wasto look like . )
Now like you , I 'm sure , I was highly skeptical about this being a " professional " cake .
However , the e-mail came from the bride herself , and she seemed outraged enough to be telling the truth .
( Yes , a replacement cake was procured at the eleventh hour . )
I can only assume the icing and generic tips in the photo were purchased to try and " fix " the cake after it was picked up .
In fact , Vicky C. , if you 're reading this , you might want to chime in on the Comments section now , just to back me up here .[ crickets chirping ]
Vicky ?
Er , Vicky , now , this is n't funny .
[ crickets still chirping ]
Seriously , Vicky : tell the people I 'm telling the truth .
Vicky ?
Er ... Vicky ?
DENVER -- David Plouffe , an architect of Barack Obama 's surprise ascension to the pinnacle of the Democratic Party , did not look today like a fellow under duress because of the recent spate of national polls showing his candidate losing much of the advantage he 's enjoyed over John McCain .
That 's because , to hear him tell it ( as he did at a press briefing ) , he all but ignores the surveys that tend to stir much interest among others .
" We do n't pay attention to national polls , " he said , referring to himself and the rest of the Obama team charged with winning the 270 electoral votes -- accrued through 51 separate contests in the states and the District of Columbia -- to win the White House .
Instead , as Plouffe reviewed the status of the race , he said he and his colleagues concentrate on other matters .
Such as , most importantly , the undecided voters in the 18 states they see as the campaign 's key battlegrounds and -- in those locales and elsewhere -- efforts to spur turnout of Obama supporters .
" We stay laser - focused on these two factors each and every day , " he said .
The obsession on turnout is a key reason he turns a blind eye to the national polls -- and remains pretty positive in his assessment of the race , handwringing among some Democrats notwithstanding . .
Pollsters generally base their sampling group on past voting patterns .
But the electorate in 2008 , Plouffe said flatly , " is going to be changed in some fundamental ways from 2004 . "
He did concede this much about the soon - to - be Republican presidential nominee :
" McCain has more strength with independent voters than most Republicans .
We as a party can be bummed out about that , but we 've got to deal with it . "
-- Don Frederick
And just a reminder , speaking of national polls , that you can join the growing throngs preparing for the rest of this political season and beyond by having every Ticket item -- plus special offline Tweets from The Ticket 's writers starting with the party conventions -- sent directly to your cellphone .
To register for instant Twitter updates from The Ticket go here and sign up .
TBILISI , Iran , Sept. 17 ( UPI ) -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says NATO should not interfere with the Caucacus states following Russia 's recent incursion in the Republic of Georgia .
Jaap de Hoop Scheffer , chief of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization , is heading a delegation of envoys from the 26 members of the military alliance , to Georgia this week , Fars News Agency reported .
Advertisement
The delegates are in Georgia to discuss Tbilisi 's possible membership in NATO .
" Countries in the Caucasus region can solve their own problems without the interference of NATO or others , " Ahmadinejad said Tuesday at a meeting with Armenian Foreign Minister Edward Nalbandyan .
" Such interference will only worsen the situation in the Caucasus , " the Middle Eastern nation 's leader said .
As far as we know , no dog can compose music , no dolphin can speak in rhymes , and no parrot can solve equations with two unknowns .
Only humans can perform such intellectual feats , presumably because we are smarter than all other animal species — at least by our own definition of intelligence .
An American city was lost on that day , and the Bush administration was slow in responding to one of the worst natural catastrophes ever .
So was John McCain .
America needed a strong , decisive leader during this national crisis , and where was John McCain ?
Eating cake with President George W. Bush .
And now , what did Senator Obama do ?
Let 's count the many ways what he did below :
It 's clear that Senator Obama took action immediately after the disaster hit New Orleans and its residents in comparison to John McCain who ate cake on that day .
Is McCain going to eat cake the next time a disaster hits on his birthday ?
And McCain wants to announce his Vice - President on his birthday ?
Talk about chutzpah .
What the Obama campaign should do in seizing the newscycle about McCain on that day , is to make what McCain sees a positive into a negative ( his birthday , which he 'll try to mark the anniversary of Hurricane Katrina ) :
Hold two events in the day , the morning and the afternoon , preferably with the VP pick , in New Orleans , to mark the tragic anniversary of that day .
Obama should talk about where he was on that day , what he was doing , and what he felt when he saw the news coverage .
This forces the media to cover the specifics of WHERE John McCain was on that day , and WHAT he exactly was doing --- eating birthday cake with President George W. Bush .
It also would be nice to highlight what Senator Joe Biden said on that day , like erm , , and his legislative actions on this issue ?
There also should be a vigil to the evening event in memory of the victims of Hurricane Katrina .
Obama needs to blast George W. Bush for his failure to lead , and say these lines that he did in his response to George W. Bush back in 2005 : " In the months to come , as the waters recede and the cameras turn away , will we have the courage to follow through on the convictions that were voiced tonight ?
Will we hold on to some of that shame we all felt during those first few days , when the scenes of helplessness and neglect reflected an image of America that we knew was n't us ?
" I hope that we will - and I will be working to ensure that we make real the promise , ' never again . '
Never again will we leave any American behind .
Never again will we forget that we rise or fall together as one American family . "
Keep the media focused on what McCain did on August 29 , 2005 , and what his vice - presidential pick did on that day and in the weeks to come .
This helps steal any positive light off his vice - presidential / birthday pick .
Also , talk about how New Orleans is still forgotten by the Bush Administration , with many repairs not attended to , as Hurricane Guav bears down upon the Gulf Coast as a stark reminder of the Republican failures of government .
Let 's get those rotten bastards , kossacks !
DIGG THIS !!!
...he replied that he had no home , that he was a wanderer in the earth and traveled to and fro .
He said he was a very miserable creature , that he had earnestly sought death during his sojourn upon the earth , but that he could not die , and his mission was to destroy the souls of men .
I rebuked him in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and by virtue of the Holy Priesthood , and commanded him to go hence , and he immediately departed out of my sight .
[ O ]ne of the missionaries suggested that this is another example of Satan copying the ways of God .
His logic was that God preserved the lives of John the Baptist and the Three Nephites to work as agents for Him until the end of time — Satan did the same thing with Cain ( thus , the ability to live through the flood ) .
This is a good time to remind ourselves that most Mormons are still in denial about the ban , unwilling to talk in Church settings about it , and that some Mormons still believe that blacks were cursed by descent from Cain through Ham ...
I check occasionally in classes at BYU and find that still , twenty years after the revelation , a majority of bright , well - educated Mormon students say they believe that blacks are descendants of Cain and Ham and thereby cursed ...
That reminds me of the story that I used to hear that the Loch Ness Monster was a surviving dinosaur , thus proving that the earth is not as old as scientists say it is .
Uniquely Mormon ?
No .
But I have heard variations on that one as a way to argue for young earth creationism among Church members back when that seemed to be a hot issue .
I also seem to remember a story about a noted church leader — I think his name was Childs — sitting next to Cain on an airplane and starting up a discussion about the Book of Mormon only to have Cain tell him that his mission in life was to destroy the souls of men , especially the younger generation ...
Hang on , no , wait ... that was Mick Jagger .
My bad .
Or a fugitive from the garden of Eden .
Or maybe both .
The Journal of Mormon History recently published a new investigation into stories suggesting that the giant Sasquatch monster is really Cain , the murderous second son of Adam and Eve .
It may not be the first controversy tackled by new Mormon President , Thomas S. Monson .
But the article 's author , Matthew Bowman cites a 1919 manuscript describing Hawaiian missionary E. Wesley Smith " being attacked by a huge , hairy creature , whom Smith drives off in the name of Christ " the night before the mission was dedicated .
His brother tells him the attacker must 've been Cain .
( " Now therefore cursed shalt thou be upon the earth , which hath opened her mouth and received the blood of thy brother at thy hand ... a fugitive and a vagabond shalt thou be upon the earth . " )
And then he refers him to a story by a celebrated Mormon martyr who was one of Joseph Smith 's original twelve apostles .
In 1835 , as evening fell , missionary David W. Patten had spotted a figure walking near his mule in Tennessee .
His tall , dark body was covered with hair , he wore no clothing , and ...
" As best as I can determine , the explicit connection to Bigfoot arises around 1980 in Davis County , Utah , " Bowman writes on the Mormon Mentality site .
" At that point in time , you have a conjunction of two things — 1 ) the publication of The Miracle of Forgiveness , which reprinted the original Patten story ; 2 ) a rash of Bigfoot sightings .
" By the mid-1980s , the two strains of folklore begin to fuse , and the story gains resurgence , particularly on Utah 's college campuses .
" The book of Genesis does specify that God issued the mark of Cain , " that whosoever found him should not kill him . "
But did that confer immortality ?
On the Mormon Folklore blog , Bowman received an interested response from someone who'd heard Patten 's story at the church 's Missionary Training Center , " where he was on his horse and eye - to - eye with the standing Bigfoot .
" There 's already been a controversy about the Mormon church 's teachings on Cain .
Brigham Young believed that God punished Cain 's ancestors , and that " the mark of Cain " was : black skin .
The same belief continued through a 1966 edition of the church reference book Mormon Doctrine , and black Mormons were banned from the church 's priesthood .
But at that same time , church president David O. McKay announced that " It is a practice , not a doctrine , and the practice will some day be changed . "
The position was ultimately reversed by church president Spencer W. Kimball , and the church ordained its first black priest in 1978 .
( Thomas S. Monson , the new Mormon President , conducted that priest 's marriage and sacred ordinances . )
Eugene England , a professor at Brigham Young University , addressed " the Cain legacy " in a 1998 article in Sunstone magazine .
Of course , Mormon theory has faced skepticism before , like the blog commenter who opined that " The bible is just a waste of paper and the Book of Mormon is even less useful . "
But regardless of its credibility , the new attention to the " Bigfoot " legend provided an interesting opportunity to examine the way the church 's theology had evolved .
" I find the idea that Cain , the original Son of Perdition in our theology , would degenerate into something half human / half animal is notable ... " wrote blogger Fenevad .
" [ D]id it occur when Brigham Young was teaching that the Sons of Perdition would fall prey to eternal retrogression ? ...
Perhaps one message of the story is that evil is big and scary , but ultimately controllable .
" And another comment notes that it's not the first time monsters from folklore have found their way into religious debates .
Over at Museum of Hoaxes site , blogger Alex Boese could n't resist making the obvious joke . " [ I ] f Bigfoot is Cain , maybe Nessie is really the snake from the Garden of Eden .
" But in a 21st century flood of information and misinformation , the discussion offers its own testament to the way new generations will grapple with questions about faith , folklore , and our popular culture .
Even if the commenters at the Mormon Folklore blog add their own twist .
In the progressively evolving search for the perfect visual McCain analogy ( as Mac continues to reveal himself ) , this feels chillingly incisive .
I 'll leave it to you to elaborate why .
The image was created with Photoshop by graphic designer Marco Acevedo inspired by McCain 's campaign " suspension . "
I encourage you to read Marco 's entire post , titled " Joker 's Wild . "
He accompanies the image with the following quote :
" Do I really look like a guy with a plan ?
You know what I am ?
I 'm a dog chasing cars .
I would n't know what to do with one if I caught it .
You know , I just do things . " — the Joker in The Dark Knight
Update : A friend just took issue with me for posting this image , especially in light of the recent Jill Greenberg controversy .
Given
The BAG is primarily dedicated to the analysis of ( unaltered ) political imagery , I thought I 'd bounce this issue off you , as well .
... I would briefly say , however -- and I think this is what Acevedo was getting at here -- that visual interpreters of all kinds have an opportunity , in fact , a moral obligation even -- without undo malice , which is what Greenberg was so affected by -- to expose , for the American people , a candidate who is so blatantly not who he poses himself to be on the surface .
h/t : Loret
( photoshopped image : Marco Acevedo / Hokum at Open. Salon )
Have you seen this commercial from the only bank that admits there is a time to spend and a time to save ?
You ’ve got to hear this .
It ’s awesome .
You ’ll feel so much better after watching it .
“ We ’re a nation of Consumers … and there ’s nothing wrong with that . ”
That voice is like my mom , my therapist , and the hottest girl in high school with a sprinkle of Jesus on top is n’t it ?
It just feels good to hear .
I feel better hearing it .
The way she says “ we are a nation of consumers ” there ’s like a little giggle on the end of consumers or something .
Being a consumer is cute .
Right ?
Like I feel giddishly stupid and yet confident and assured at the same time .
It ’s wonderful .
Go on …
“ After all , there ’s a lot of cool stuff out there . ”
I know !!!
Girl … I mean , you know me so well .
She ’s like Oprah – down to earth , really feeling what it ’s like to be out there at the mall .
With all the cool stuff … I gotta have it .
“ The trouble is – there ’s so much cool stuff its easy to get little carried away . ”
I know , right ?
But hey … wait a minute I do n’t like the accusation .
It almost sounds like she ’s insinuating it ’s my fault , like consuming all the cool stuff is bad .
It sounds like bad news is coming and the soundtrack is getting louder and faster .
I ’m scared .
Hold me .
“ If that happens , this material world of ours can stop being wonderful and start getting stressful . ”
OMG no !
No !
That sounds like really bad .
Like Yelowstone - is- actually - a- super - volcano bad .
WTF ?
Is that guy that bought an entire appliance section putting it all back on the truck ?
He looks worried .
Should I be worried too ?
“ But what if a credit card company recognized that ? ”
What ?
Wait – recognized what ?
I do n’t know .
So she ’s not accusing me of getting carried away ?
Who got carried away ?
What ?
“ What if they admitted there was a time to spend and a time to save ? ”
Whew .
So its the banks fault .
I knew I was a victim .
That ’s why I buy cool stuff – ’ cause I ’m cool and I like to feel good about myself .
Why does the graphic show the bar charts descending when she said “ save ” ?
Hmmm … maybe that ’s a Cingular commercial or something …
Wait … a time to spend and a time to save , is n’t that like a line from some hippie song ?
Its so poetic – I like poems .
“ What if instead of encouraging us to spend more , they actually helped us spend smarter ? ”
Come to think of it , yeah , why has n’t my bank encouraged me to spend smarter ?
Bunch of crooks …
Hey wait minute – is she calling me dumb ?
Just who the hell does she think she is ?
She ’s making it sound like this I ’m responsible somehow .
I thought it was the cool stuff ’s fault ?!
And mean banks that do n’t admit stuff .
“ Maybe then we could have a better quality of life and be in a better financial position while we ’re living it . ”
Better than now ?
All of a sudden I ’m feeling a lot better again .
That ’s great news .
It ’s wonderful now but there ’s something better than wonderful and I ’ll be in a better financial position .
Neat !
“ We could have less debt and more fun . ”
More fun ?
Less debt ?
Oh , right , from the 5 % cash back they give me that must have been what that graphic was showing , my debt going down .
The music is getting happier too .
Whew !
“ And this material world could get a whole lot brighter ! ”
Yeah !
Planes will land .
The beach .
Travel .
A hot girl on a bench …
Ooooooo , no , 3 hot girls in a cab .
Who are they waving to in that plane ?
That little boy sure looks happy .
The plane landed .
That was a short trip .
Huh ?
Brighter .
Shiny and bright and wonderfuler .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Flash 10 security changes requiring user interaction are pretty breaking but they are for good reason .
Still though , the user could be inundated with prompts much like UAC on Vista .
But , it is necessary otherwise security holes can be troublesome with the flash player and the “ sandbox ” of the web .
Much like Java signing , Active - X acceptance , and thus local file access , these actions need some user approval , it is that liability thing .
But what is a bit lost in this is some of the new support specifically for game development and app development .
Support for things like RTMFP which is bringing UDP support to flash .
UDP and reliable UDP ( ordered ) is really needed when it comes to larger scale networking applications and support for p2 p apps .
Games for instance , that are large like MMOs and highly interactive real - time engines , need UDP to be able to scale .
So this is pretty useful , yet it currently looks like it is tied to Flash Media Server .
It appears Adobe is staying ahead of SmartFox , Red5 and OpenFMS with stuff like this .
Another great move in the way of security updates for Flash 10 for games is the allowing input from keyboard keys while in full screen mode .
All these games and apps look pretty sweet in full screen until you try to use them .
There is only support for “ Tab , the Spacebar , and the ( up , down , left , right ) arrow keys ” but that is a start .
Enough keys for a casual game .
But still most keys could safely be used it must be a multi-platform support thing .
Limited full - screen keyboard input Currently Flash Player does not allow keyboard input when displaying content in full - screen mode .
Flash Player 10 beta will change this , allowing for a limited number of keys to be usable in full - screen mode .
These include Tab , the Spacebar , and the ( up , down , left , right ) arrow keys .
Flash 10 is getting local save and load , this is great for any type of online editor , game or application .
The ability to work on a file immediately without the server round trip initially is great .
I hope this is extended much further to local save and load with very high limits , there has been some confusion on the file size limitations here .
Ideally this would be extended much further if the product direction is right .
Typically making apps or games with more than 5 - 25 MB of content quickly become non-economical in bandwidth such as gaming assets due to browser cache size limitations ( defaults IE=50 MB , Safari 5 - 25 MB , FF3=50 MB ) , I wish there was a better way to allow local saving for long periods of time .
Almost installing apps via flash with extended cache , talk about killer app feature .
Downloading 10 MB of gaming assets that you know will be there for the month rather than the day .
Paste events can read the clipboard .
Using the clipboard is another great useful tool in applications and online editors .
Data can be read from the Clipboard inside a paste event handler In Flash Player 9 , the system Clipboard could not be read at any time .
With Flash Player 10 beta , the new ActionScript 3.0 method Clipboard.generalClipboard.getData( ) may be used to read the contents of the system Clipboard , but only when it is called from within an event handler processing a flash .
events .
Event .
PASTE event .
So yes , the security user interaction changes do break current features but it also takes this platform a bit more into secure applications and game features from security changes , hopefully these features are extended much further but they are on the right track .
Tags : ACTIONSCRIPT , ACTIONSCRIPT3 , AS3 , clipboard , FLASH , FLEX , future , GAMEDEV , local , MARKET , network , RTMFP , udp
Raunchy sex , drugs and ...umm , no , ... Actually , life in Denmark for a couple of Aussie expats .
Bob Chapman | July 23 , 2008
So far this week we saw Wachovia get socked for an $ 8.86 billion loss with a layoff announcement of 10,750 employees , while Washington Mutual got hammered for a $ 3.3 billion loss and increased its beleaguered loan - loss reserves by $ 3.74 billion to $ 8.46 billion as it announced expense cuts and asset sales .
This is nothing .
This is just the beginning .
This is just window dressing to protect incumbents .
Together with the science fiction and fantasy we got last week from the banking sector , these latest financial statements from the banking sector should receive a Nebula Award from the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America .
Gene Roddenberry could not have dreamt up financial statements that were more phantasmagoric .
All these bank losses , as terrible as they are even in their understated amounts , are pathological accounting lies aimed at keeping the sheople from going ballistic on the incumbent scum - bags in Congress so that these corrupt reprobates and sociopaths can continue in office and maintain their rape , pillage and slaughter of the sheople of the US unabated on behalf of their evil , malevolent and rapacious Illuminist masters .
The stock markets , the bond markets , the derivative markets and the entire financial system would collapse if people knew the real truth about the balance sheets , income statements and debt - to - equity ratios of virtually all the major commercial and investment banking fraudsters of Wall Street .
So the devastating truth will be withheld most likely until the final quarter which ends in December , because a good portion of the earnings results for the third quarter are going to be announced prior to the US general elections which would normally be held in early November , barring some false - flag attack .
Until then , the huge whitewash reservoir behind the " creative accounting " dam will be sucked dry .
We 're not sure if there is enough whitewash left on the planet to cover up the losses for Q3 , however .
Wait until the Pick - and - Pay loans all run their course .
Ugly does not even begin to describe what is going to happen to many large banks when this jumbo variety of toxic waste comes home to roost on their financial statements .
We doubt that the FDIC has enough funds to cover even the first ten to twenty banks that fail out the many hundreds that are expected , especially if a large bank like Wachovia goes under in the early going .
Already , IndyMac has wiped out 10 % of the FDIC 's reserves .
Depending on how the IndyMac liquidation goes , that percentage could go higher .
And remember , IndyMac was not even on the FDIC 's watch list .
If that does n't scare you , nothing will .
What will happen if the FDIC runs out of money ?
Will they get a big government bailout like the rest of the fraudsters ?
Of course not .
That would benefit the banks ' customers instead of the banks themselves .
We certainly could not have that now , could we ?
Will the FDIC bailout money come from the source it is supposed to come from , meaning from the fraudsters themselves , most of which are now insolvent and bankrupt ?
It 's a stupid question , of course , but we had to ask it for rhetorical purposes .
What is the real reason behind all these gargantuan bailouts for the fraudster banks and GSE's ?
We 'll tell you what this about .
This is about saving the dollar from sudden collapse , stopping the many trillions of dollars held by foreigners from returning to our shores and creating hyperinflation reminiscent of the Weimar Republic , and simultaneously violating all sense of moral hazard by saving the fraudsters at our expense while keeping their cost of funds low in light of the fact that the fractional reserve banking multiplier has collapsed due to the rampant fraud , lack of regulation and lack of transparency that has frozen credit markets .
That is what this is really all about .
The ultimate goal is to consolidate more power into the hands of a few by moving the US inexorably closer to a corporatist , fascist state , but the devastation they intended to wreak on everyone else is now coming back on them and they are trying to save the system , and themselves in the process , so that there is something left to consolidate when the dust settles .
We believe that the Illuminati have destroyed themselves , and their " Chaos " henchmen , in the process of destroying us , and that their bid for a corporatist , fascist state will ultimately fail .
Only their gold and silver failsafe hoards will rescue the head Illuminists from financial ruin and even bankruptcy .
They really blew it this time .
Their diabolical plans have been pushed back by half a century .
The Fed , the cartel and their Illuminist masters are trying to have their cake and eat it too .
Of course , this is pure foolishness and it will not work , but they are going to try it anyway .
They want to keep interest rates low for the fraudsters so they can make money on spreads from investments with higher yields in a futile attempt to save their balance sheets , but low rates are what drive inflation , speculation , improper allocations of capital and over - leveraged investments while simultaneously pushing money out of dollar - denominated bonds and treasuries into real assets such as commodities and real estate due to artificially low , even negative , rates of return in light of increasing risk and inflation .
So they are saving the banks and destroying the economy , and the destruction of the economy will ultimately in turn destroy the banks anyway , and in more spectacular fashion to boot .
The delay game they are playing only delays the inevitable , which is their complete and utter destruction .
The elitists want the bailouts to come at our expense because there is no other source remaining except from the big Illuminist players themselves , such as the Rockefellers , the Rothschilds and the Black Nobility of Europe , from their individually - owned and / or controlled assets , especially considering that their henchmen have mostly gone bust .
Even the Fed looks like it may go under because the economy will collapse before they can create and monetize enough treasuries to absorb all the toxic waste collateral by exchanging it for treasury and agency paper .
The only remaining alternative is the saving of the dollar as the world 's reserve currency , the elitists ' collective , comprehensive , corporate failure and the purging of the system .
Of course , since the elitists and their transnational conglomerates are the ones who stand to get purged , that is not an acceptable alternative to them .
However , for us peons , it is the only sensible , though painful , alternative .
We doubt that the dollar can still be saved as the world 's reserve currency , but it 's still worth a try since success could make recovery much faster and easier .
We either take the path to purge the system , or we ourselves will be purged by the Illuminati , albeit not to the extent that they had hoped due to their inept bungling of just about everything .
NO MORE BAILOUTS USING TAXPAYER FUNDS !!!
We told you the key to analysis is the bond market , and the government bailouts are all aimed at saving all segments of the bond market , which includes treasuries , because it is the source of elitist power .
Only the suppression of gold and silver has an equal priority at this point , but that priority will eventually be abandoned in favor of delaying the destruction of the bond markets when it is no longer feasible to save the bond market while simultaneously suppressing precious metals .
The elitists want to save the bond market because that is where all the excess dollars are parked overseas , and the return of these parked dollars to our shores could put us in the Mugabe Million Percent Club when it comes to hyperstagflation .
They want you to bail out Fannie and Freddie GSE bonds worth many hundreds of billions of dollars that have been acquired by Japan , China , Russia , the Middle East ( through British banks as proxies ) , the European Union nations and India with the same money these greedy nations have stolen or extorted from you using manipulated , artificially low domestic currencies to boost exports , uncompetitive , artificially high cartel oil prices to make ludicrous profits , as well as monies ransacked from us through use of globalization , free trade , off - shoring , outsourcing and both legal and illegal immigration , which incidentally have been used by the elitists to gut our economy , especially our manufacturing sector , in order to weaken us into accepting a one world government .
These nations have therefore acted as willing henchman for the Illuminati to bring America to its knees .
And the same holds true for the Fed 's forced , taxpayer - sponsored , $ 500 billion per month provision of money and credit through various facilities to bail out banks and their holdings of other non-GSE real estate bonds and derivatives , as well as other types of asset - backed bonds and derivatives and municipal bonds , which foreigners also own in the hundreds of billions .
These bonds and derivatives were acquired by these same foreign nations using the same funds obtained by the same nefarious methods of beggaring the US public as were used to acquire the GSE bonds , all so that the elitists could control us , and so that the Black Nobility of Europe could turn us into their feudal serfs once again .
If the fraudsters fail , that means liquidation , and liquidation means forced sales , which would lead to abysmal prices for these bonds and derivatives .
And then there is the counter - party risk and liability on credit default swaps and interest rate swaps , which will soon become a quadrillion dollar market , that would be in jeopardy if the Fed did not bail out the Wall Street bankster fraudsters , who are counter - parties on these swaps .
The other end of these swaps , to the tune of trillions of dollars in notional principal , are also owned by these same foreign nations who collectively turned the US into the greatest debtor nation of all time when only a few decades ago it was the greatest creditor nation of all time .
The crux of the matter is that the Illuminists know that if they cannot convince the US public to bail out these various bonds and derivatives and their various owners and counter - parties , the system will collapse and all those trillions in treasuries hanging around in the forex reserves of these nations will come back to roost with a vengeance as foreigners stampede to unload their treasuries and their remaining toxic waste in exchange for commodities and other tangible assets before they become worthless and / or to force the Illuminists to lobby for a public bailout of the tanking asset - backed bonds and derivatives under threat of a treasury boycott or hyperinflation - inducing treasury flood back to the US .
That is their greatest fear , because such an event would destroy them and their precious system , especially the bond market , which is the main source of their power , a fact which we cannot overemphasize .
They are trying to manage the dollar down gradually by use of a beggar - thy - neighbor policy , and the failure to win these public bailouts would collapse the system and take them all down with it before they have a chance to bail out of stocks , bonds and other paper assets through the dark pools of liquidity known as Project Turquoise and Baikal and into commodities and other tangible assets .
You must not allow them to dupe you into bailouts at taxpayer expense .
Let them bail themselves out , if that is what they want to do , since the need for a bailout was caused by them exclusively , through their own deceit and fraud .
They made their beds , and now they can lay in them !
Let the system fail and they will be destroyed with it .
Then we will be rid of them once and for all as we remove all the corrupt , incumbent , scum - bags from Congress , except for Ron Paul !!!
IT 'S TIME TO START OVER AGAIN !!!
It is a painful , but absolutely necessary , process .
We wo n't have to push them out with rifles and swords this time .
Their own evil and greed have destroyed them .
LET'S TAKE BACK THE SYSTEM AND RESTORE THE CONSTITUTION !!!
Otherwise , what will our children and grandchildren be left with ?
The Fourth Reich ?!
The SEC will now enforce their rules against naked - short selling , but only against naked short - selling of the stocks of 19 named Illuminist fraudster financial institutions .
The rest of you can kiss off with your naked - short - selling complaints .
We 'll add you to our handy dandy list of companies we know are being naked - shorted just to tick you off .
So what if the criminal elitist scum can sell stock that does not even exist and ruin your company at will , and hammer the value of your stock while they laugh in your face .
Stop whining and complaining , America .
It 's just a " mental recession " after all .
And now it 's just a figment of your imagination that many of your resources stocks are being illegally naked - shorted with impunity .
Tits on a bull have more utility than the SEC which is more corrupt than the fiendish crooks they ignore while picking on small brokers and trumping up charges against newsletter writers .
We want to puke every time we hear the SEC 's commentary on the radio .
Their blatant hypocrisy is deafening .
The CFTC is no better .
Former Senator Phil Gramm should head up both .
He 's the perfect sociopath for the job .
Mr. Gramm 's wife , Wendy , can advise him , as she was the Chairwoman of the CFTC when Enron was allowed to run amok with special exceptions .
She later served on Enron 's board of directors to complete her rampage of corruption .
We now need a new federal agency to investigate the SEC investigators , who levy puny fines against wildly corrupt Illuminist criminals , allowing them to profit from their crimes without serving any time in jail .
Only in America .
Despite spending countless billions and passing draconian laws , the United States is anything but a drug - free zone .
The percentages of those in the U.S. who have tried marijuana or cocaine are greater than the percentages of any other country surveyed , according to a new study .
The Netherlands , which has notoriously lax drug policies , had less than half the percentage of marijuana users and an even lower level of cocaine dabblers relative to the U.S .
AFP via Google :
The study , released Monday , revealed that 16.2 percent of Americans had tried cocaine at least once , and 42.4 percent had used marijuana .
[ …]
Drug use “ does not appear to be simply related to drug policy , ” the researchers wrote , “ since countries with more stringent policies toward illegal drug use did not have lower levels of such drug use than countries with more liberal policies . ”
In the Netherlands , where drug policy is more liberal than the United States , 1.9 percent of survey participants said they had used cocaine and 19.8 percent marijuana .
Read more
The narratives include Hitler fulminating about being kicked off Xbox Live , football star Cristiano Ronaldo leaving Manchester United to join Real Madrid , Barack Obama giving a speech in Berlin and being forced to see an Adam Sandler movie .
Other Downfall clips include Hitler reacting to having his car stolen , being banned from World of Warcraft , Hillary Clinton 's nomination defeat , getting rejected from university and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown 's disastrous Glasgow byelection results .
Even the infighting in the NSW Labor party was transformed into a Downfall satire , with former premier Morris Iemma and former education minister John Della Bosca both portrayed as Hitler .
Iemma's own chief of staff was blamed for the latter clip , which surfaced in June when Della Bosca was being touted as a leadership contender .
Many of the clips have been viewed hundreds of thousands of times ; the most popular one , based on Ronaldo 's rumoured move , has garnered more than 1 million views .
Iain McDonald , co-founder of digital marketing agency Amnesia , said the number of regular internet users mashing up and manipulating existing content had exploded in recent years thanks to social networks and sites such as YouTube , which made it far easier for people to pass on their creations .
" Many famous memes like Numa Numa and Star Wars Kid appear to be accidental heroes but there is a genuine subculture that exists that appears capable of popularising this type of content around at lightning speed , especially if it is newsworthy or topical , " he said .
Keith Wheatland , 58 , a public servant from Hobart , is one of a number of Australians who have seized on the Hitler satire trend .
He has published no fewer than four clips on YouTube showing Hitler raging about the poor state of broadband in Hobart , the Tasmanian pulp mill , Tasmania 's bid for an AFL team and even the supermarket duopoly .
Wheatland said the scene from Downfall was perfect for web satire because " it 's got everything in it " .
" Somebody says something to him and then he seethes up and starts to boil up and starts to rant on from there and then quietens down a bit - I think it 's really good , " he said .
Wheatland said he believed the internet remixes of Downfall had done wonders for the film 's sales .
" I actually went out and bought the film because I 've never seen it , and I know of at least another five people who have gone out and bought a copy , " he said .
Despite this , the production company that made Downfall , Constantin Film , has approached at least one Hitler satirist asking them to remove their clip due to copyright infringement , The Guardian reported .
McDonald said advertisers were constantly trying to tap into the web mashup phenomena but with limited success so far .
Cadbury 's ad showing a gorilla playing the drums was an accidental viral hit last year , while Lenovo 's dig at Apple 's MacBook Air laptop has been viewed 1.3 million times .
YouTube ad parodies , despite distorting the original message , can often expose products to millions of viewers who might never have otherwise seen the advertisements .
Parodies of ads for Nintendo's Wii Fit and Microsoft 's Surface computer have been viewed nearly 2.5 million times each .
" It is the user generated content that produces the real gold and it is users themselves who decide what becomes a meme and what does n't , not advertisers , " McDonald said .
Lamborghini's slow striptease of the four - door it's bringing to the Paris Motor Show continues with another close - up of the Estoque , but a leaked concept drawing provides the full monty of a car that continues Sant ' Agata 's tradition of drawing inspiration from bull fighting when naming its most lust - inducing hardware .
An estoque is the sword used to kill the bull , and it is closely related to espada , which is both a sword and the two - door , four - seater Lamborghini built between 1968 and 1978 .
After decades spent building mid-engined two - seaters like the Countach and Murcielago , Lamborghini is building a four - door coupe to compete against the Porsche Panamera , Aston Martin Rapide and Audi A7 .
The word from Europe is the Estoque will be a sharp weapon indeed , and the leaked sketches shown below reveal a car inspired by the angular lines of the Reventon .
Lamborghini's been tight - lipped , offering nothing more than four detail shots accompanied by quips like " It 's not just a new Lamborghini .
It 's a whole new world . "
But the Estoque will have the engine mounted just behind the front axle and it will drive all four wheels , just like the Gallardo and Murcielago .
Automotive News Europe cites unnamed sources ( free subscription required ) saying the engine may be a bit smaller than the 5.0 - liter V10 in the Gallardo , which would allow the Estoque to be relatively short , and it could have direct injection and twin turbos .
What 's more , the Estoque may be an all - aluminum vehicle based on the Audi A7 platform .
The car we 'll see in Paris is a " near - production " concept , and Lamborghini plans to produce about 3,000 of them each year – the same volume planned for the Rapide but far fewer than the 20,000 Panameras and 30,000 A7s slated by Porsche and Audi .
Here 's the concept drawings showing what appears to be the Estoque , which , by the way , we now know could be a hybrid :
And here are the pictures Lamborghini 's provided so far :
Photos by Lamborghini .
Former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic made his first appearance Thursday before a war crimes tribunal in The Hague , saying he would represent himself in the proceedings .
" I have an invisible adviser , but I have decided to represent myself , " the freshly shaven and visibly tired Karadzic told a judge at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia .
When Judge Alphons Orie asked him if his family knew where he was being held , he replied : " I do not believe there is anyone who does not know that I am in the detention unit . "
Karadzic , 63 , stands accused of masterminding Europe 's worst massacre since the Second World War , the killing in 1995 of some 8,000 Muslim men and boys in the town of Srebrenica .
Karadzic is charged with 11 counts of genocide , war crimes , crimes against humanity and other atrocities relating to the 1995 massacre and other acts against Muslim , Croat and other non-Serb civilians in Bosnia and Herzegovina during the 1992 - 95 war .
He wore a dark suit and tie for the hearing , and listened intently as Orie read a summary of the indictment outlining the charges .
Karadzic did not enter a plea , saying he first wanted to read a new indictment that prosecutors are preparing .
The judge indicated he was unaware of the new indictment , but said any amendment to the existing indictment would require the approval of the tribunal .
Prosecutors confirmed they were working on revisions , but added that the amended indictment would not necessarily include any new charges .
Orie told Karadzic if the prosecution has not finished its work within 30 days , he will be asked to enter a plea on charges contained in the existing indictment .
His next appearance before the tribunal has been scheduled for 2:15 p.m. on Aug. 29 .
Karadzic 's arrival in The Hague on Wednesday marked the end of a 13 - year effort by the tribunal to get hold of its most wanted war crimes suspect .
Hardly recognizable with his thick white beard and long hair at the time of his arrest , the former poet had been living in hiding in Serbia for more than a decade , practising alternative medicine and writing columns for a local magazine under an assumed name .
Trial preparation to take months : prosecutor
Karadzic has said he does n't recognize the tribunal .
Relatives have told the media that he plans to reveal at his trial alleged promises made to him by the United States and France that he would n't be prosecuted if he ended the Bosnian war , the CBC 's Mike Hornbrook reported Thursday .
Although the two countries strongly deny the allegations , some people cite them as the true reason Karadzic was able to avoid facing justice for so long .
Speaking to reporters , prosecutor Serge Brammertz conceded the case would not be easy , but said his team would draw on evidence already presented in other cases since Karadzic 's original 1995 indictment .
They are expected to update the indictment before the trial begins .
" We will ensure that it reflects the current case law , facts already established by the court and evidence collected over the past eight years , " he said .
Brammertz said it will take months for both sides to prepare for the trial .
Former Serbian president Slobodan Milosovic also opted to defend himself before the war crimes tribunal on charges that included crimes against humanity and genocide .
During his four - year trial , Milosovic launched into diatribes and posed rambling , unfocused questions to witnesses , drawing frequent rebukes from the judges .
He died of a heart attack on March 11 , 2006 , in his prison cell at The Hague before a verdict was reached .
Congratulations to the team at Space X !
At 16:26 Pacific time today ( Sunday , September 28 , 2008 ) , their Falcon 1 rocket achieved orbit around the Earth , the first time a privately funded company has done such a feat with a liquid fuel rocket .
This was their fourth attempt to get to orbit with the Falcon 1 rocket .
The first three failed to make orbit for various reasons ; each time the company analyzed the problem and was able to move on .
This last time , they appeared to have gotten it right .
There was no scientific or commercial payload ; instead , they launched what 's called a " mass simulator " ; a hexagonal chunk of metal that simulates an actual payload .
It did n't deploy , but instead stayed inside the rocket 's second stage as it orbits the Earth .
As I write this there is no word on the Space X website about the orbital configuration ( height above Earth and all that ) , but I 'll keep an eye open and report that when I find out .
Let me say , this is fantastic news !
Once the Falcon 1 has a series of launches under its belt , Space X will start launching the Falcon 9 , and then the fun really begins .
It will be able to lift several tons to orbit , giving customers an alternative to government - funded launch agencies .
We still have a long way to go before there is cheap and easy access to space -- and there are lots of other companies working on that , too -- but it 's a step in the right direction .
Image of the Falcon 1 Flight 4 rocket preparing for launch courtesy Space X .
Press TV
August 23 , 2008
Georgia ’s independence - leaning republics are to come under Georgian onslaught , high - ranking Russian military official has revealed .
Russia ’s Deputy Chief of Staff , Colonel General Anatoly Nogovitsyn said “ We have registered an increase in [ Georgia ’s ] reconnaissance activities and preparations for armed actions in the Georgian - South Ossetian conflict zone , ” Ria Novosti reported Friday .
Georgia ’s attempt at beefing up its firepower over the past few years , which Nogovitsyn referred to , will fast - track the pending move .
The Russian official produced statistics that showed the number of Georgian tanks , armored vehicles and artillery weapons had almost doubled since 2005 .
Russia , however , has remained committed to its promises of retreating from Georgia into the neutral area it has been allowed to establish near South Ossetia by the six - point cessation agreement the two sides inked earlier .
Moscow will constitute a minority of one in recognizing the two republics ’ independence , should the parliament approve the move during its convention on the matter due on Monday .
On Thursday , the South Ossetian leader Eduard Kokoity joined the thousands of the province ’s public in the capital Tskhinvali chanting pro-autonomy slogans .
A similar rally was staged in Abkhazia where the local assembly had earlier urged Moscow to support its quest for independence .
Georgia is estimated to have caused damages of USD 4.1 billion in South Ossetia which sustained an all - out Georgian attack on August 8 .
Russian forces , then , barreled towards the area defending the province ’s civilians , 80 percent of whom have Russian citizenship .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
By Rebecca Morelle
Science reporter , BBC News , Costa Rica
The golden toad has vanished from Costa Rica 's rainforests Scientists are set to begin a hunt for the some of the world 's rarest frogs in Costa Rica , including the iconic golden toad , last seen some 20 years ago .
A team from Manchester University and Chester Zoo are in Costa Rica to track down the highly endangered creatures .
BBC
News will follow their trek deep into the cloud forests of Monteverde .
Amphibian numbers around the world have crashed , in part because of a deadly fungus .
Costa Rica has been particularly badly hit .
Expedition leader Andrew Gray , from the University of Manchester 's Manchester Museum , said : " Costa Rica 's highlands used to be major biodiversity hotspots - but in many areas , amphibian populations have been completely decimated . "
Killer fungus
Q&A : The killer fungus
In the late 1980s , herpetologists around the world found that amphibian populations were suffering unprecedented declines , but they struggled to understand exactly why .
A decade later , researchers isolated a previously unknown fungus , Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis , which was infecting amphibians , effectively suffocating them by making it impossible for them to breathe across their skin .
Recently , the scientists working on the Global Amphibian Assessment estimated that one - third of all amphibians were threatened with extinction and about 120 species had already become extinct since the 1980s .
Many believe the disease caused by the chytrid fungus is a key factor for this crash .
Other causes are thought to include habitat destruction and changes in climate .
Frog rediscovery Countries in Central America have been particularly badly affected by the deadly chytrid fungus , which is widespread there .
A great deal of effort is now being put into place to safeguard any remaining species .
To find this species last year that was thought to be extinct at the same times as the golden toad was incredible
Andrew Gray Andrew Gray said : " For the last 10 years , I 've been working with others to ensure the future for frogs that have so far escaped extinction .
" One of the main things I have been doing is establishing breeding populations in Manchester Museum for a number of very , very rare species - including the splendid leaf frog ( Cruziohyla calcarifer ) , the yellow - eyed leaf frog ( Agalychnas annae ) and the lemur leaf frog ( Hylomantis lemur ) .
" I 've also been working with the Costa Rican authorities and scientists to put conservation measures into place at the sites where any rare frogs are found . "
Last year , Mr Gray caught a glimpse of the Ithsmohyla rivularis in the cloud forests of Monteverde - a frog that was thought to have gone extinct about 20 years ago .
Manchester Museum has a splendid leaf captive breeding population
He said : " To find this species last year that was thought to have become extinct at the same time as the golden toad was incredible - it is the rarest tree frog in the world . "
He has now been given special permission by the Costa Rican authorities to collect some of the frogs to take back to Manchester .
He told the BBC : " We are returning to thoroughly search the site in the hope of finding more specimens .
" It 's not going to be easy - they live deep in the Monteverde rainforest , they are only a couple of centimetres in size and they only come out in the dead of night - and while the males do call , the females do n't make a sound . "
' Never say never '
The rediscovery of Ithsmohyla rivularis has spurred the team on to also try to seek out a golden toad ( Bufo pereglines ) .
This colourful amphibian , which scientists only discovered in 1966 , became the iconic symbol of amphibian decline .
In 1987 there were approximately 1,500 of the toads , but just two years later it had vanished from the face of the rainforest .
Mr Gray said : " We are going to be trekking through an area where the golden toad used to thrive .
It is very unlikely we will find one - but as last year 's discovery showed us , never say never . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
While in the rainforest , the team will also be trying to track down the miniature red-eyed tree frog ( Duellmanohyla uranochroa ) - a species on the brink of extinction - to investigate how some frogs may be able to prevent the chytrid fungus from taking hold .
This is a unique opportunity to study the frogs in their natural habitat
Mark Dickinson
Previous research has shown that some species of tree frog have a special pigment in their skin that enables them to reflect light , allowing them to " sunbathe " without drying out .
Physicist Mark Dickinson , from Photon Science Institute at the University of Manchester , will be taking a spectrometer into the field to investigate how different frog species reflect light .
He said : " So far , I 've only been able to investigate captive frogs in the lab .
This is a unique opportunity to study the frogs in their natural habitat . "
The team believes that the ability to sit out in the Sun may allow the frogs ' skin to heat up just enough to kill off chytrid - preventing the disease from taking its grip .
Some of the team will also be heading to the last known breeding site of the green - eyed frog ( Lithobates vibicarius ) where Chester Zoo is helping to support a conservation programme .
BBC
News will be keeping track of the researchers ' progress over the next two weeks .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Google is launching an open source web browser to compete with Internet Explorer and Firefox .
The browser is designed to be fast , and to cope with the next generation of web applications that rely on graphics and multimedia .
Called Chrome , it will launch as a beta for Windows machines in 100 countries , with Mac and Linux versions to come .
" We realised ... we needed to completely rethink the browser , " said Google 's Sundar Pichai in a blog post .
The new browser will help Google take advantage of developments it is pushing online in rich web applications that are challenging traditional desktop programs .
It 's certainly the biggest news in the browser space since Firefox started to dent Internet Explorer 's lead and many people see this as a re-ignition of the browser wars
Darren Waters
dot.life blog Google has a suite of web apps , such as Documents , Picasa and Maps which offer functionality that is beginning to replace offline software .
" What we really needed was not just a browser , but also a modern platform for web pages and applications , and that 's what we set out to build , " Mr Pichai , VP Product Management , wrote .
Competition
The launch of a beta version of Chrome on Tuesday evening ( UK time ) will be Google 's latest assault on Microsoft 's dominance of the PC business .
The firm 's Internet Explorer program dominates the browser landscape , with 80 % of the market .
Those already in the browser space were quick to respond to the news .
Writing in his blog , John Lilly , chief executive of Mozilla was sanguine about the new rival in the browsersphere .
" It should come as no real surprise that Google has done something here - their business is the web , and theyve got clear opinions on how things should be , and smart people thinking about how to make things better . "
Chrome will be a browser optimized for the things that they see as important , and itll be interesting to see how it evolves , " he wrote .
Google 's new web browser incorporates open source software
He welcomed the competition and said collaboration between Mozilla and Google on certain projects would continue .
Dean Hachamovitch , general manager of Microsoft 's Internet Explorer , was more bullish .
" The browser landscape is highly competitive , but people will choose Internet Explorer 8 for the way it puts the services they want right at their fingertips , respects their personal choices about how they want to browse and , more than any other browsing technology , puts them in control of their personal data online , " he said in a statement .
For Nate Elliot , an analyst with Jupiter Research , entering the browser market is an obvious next move for Google .
" This is a much bigger undertaking than providing a Google toolbar but it feels like the natural next step , " he said .
But competing with the established browser names could be harder , he thinks .
" Mozilla 's Firefox is very well respected and yet it commands less than 20 % of the browser market which just shows how hard it is to overtake an incumbent although Google does have almost unparallelled ability to promote it to almost the entire online audience , " he said .
Chrome is now available for download .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
On Wednesday afternoon Harry Reid , Democratic Senate Majority Leader , spoke the first truthful words from a politician during this entire crisis :
“ No one knows what to do .
We are in new territory here .
This is a different game . ”
I respect him for this comment .
We have been listening to Hank Paulson tell us that our banking system was sound for over a year .
He was the CEO of Goldman Sachs .
He knew the extreme risk taking that was going on .
He was lying to the American public .
Today , he is being hailed as a hero in saving our country .
We should be very careful in declaring men such as Paulson a hero .
Union Colonel Joshua Chamberlain , who led his men in a charge down Little Round Top at the Battle of Gettysburg and saved the Union army , is a hero .
Hank Paulson , has committed our future generations to trillions in obligations for the sins of his buddies on Wall Street .
I know many heroes , and Hank Paulson is no hero .
Author Nicolas Taleb poses the following questions .
Why do n't we realize that we are not that capable of predicting ?
Why do n't we notice the bias that causes us not to realize that we 're not learning from our experiences ?
Why do we still keep going as if we understand them ?
If our business leaders and government leaders had learned from the LTCM collapse and NASDAQ collapse , we would not be experiencing this current crisis .
Instead , Wall Street , Alan Greenspan , George Bush 's administration , and Congress attempted to put off the pain of recession by encouraging more risk taking by companies and citizens .
We are now reaping what they have sown .
This has been a remarkable year .
The United States has taken actions that will change our country forever .
They have taken these actions without citizens voting or Congress passing any laws debated upon in public view .
These actions have taken place behind closed doors and in conjunction with the bank CEOs who caused the problems .
A multi-millionaire former investment banker , former professor of economics , and our 1st Harvard MBA President have committed at least ONE TRILLION of our future tax dollars to bailing out greedy incompetent criminal millionaire investment bankers .
They have done this to avert an Armageddon type financial meltdown .
I 'm reminded of the rhetoric about weapons of mass destruction before our attack of Iraq .
We needed to attack to avert a future nuclear holocaust .
Why should we believe them now ?
Hank Paulson and Ben Bernanke 's commitment of your grandchildren 's future so far is as follows :
Bear Stearns Rescue $ 29 billion
Tax rebates to Americans $ 168 billion
Fannie Mae & Freddie Mac nationalization $ 300 billion
AIG nationalization $ 58 billion
Government bank bailout $ 700 billion
FUTURE GENERATION'S BILL $ 1,255,000,000,000
Remember , when the government gives you an estimated cost , it is always prudent to multiply it by 10 to get closer to the truth .
Let us be perfectly clear .
The U.S. government has no money .
We entered this week with a National Debt of $ 9.65 trillion .
The deficit for next year will surpass $ 600 billion .
Every dime of these bailouts will be borrowed .
They will be borrowed from China , Japan , and the Middle East .
In an effort to keep our corrupt financial system afloat , we have sold another piece of our country .
The prestige and status of the U.S. in the eyes of the world community have suffered a catastrophic non-reversible decline in the last nine months .
“ We The People ” had absolutely no say in this decision .
My musings on what has transpired over the last nine months are as follows :
The people who made the miscalculations that got the country into this mess are the same people who did not see it coming , denied it was a big problem , and have now come up with the solution to the problem .
This should not give Americans a tremendous feeling of confidence in their government .
The government has used all the missiles in Hank Paulson 's bazooka .
What if it does n't work ?
What next ?
I shiver at the thought .
The Republican ideology of deregulation and free markets has been discredited and thrown into the scrap heap of history .
The total lack of regulation in the financial industry let the inmates run the asylum and almost collapsed our financial system .
The Democratic ideology of believing that every American should own a home has proven to be one of the stupidest ideas in the history of our country .
The housing implosion , which continues today , proves that many morons in this country should rent forever .
The current crisis proves that a “ village idiot ” could have done less damage to our country if they had been CEO of any of our financial institutions , rather than the Harvard MBAs now in charge .
Their total lack of foresight , vision , strategy , or risk management argues for the elimination of the immoral pay packages of all CEOs .
The greed and short term profit motives of these CEOs and top executives leads to awful decision making with tragic consequences .
Reliance on computer models developed by brilliant “ scientists ” that can predict all outcomes in a “ Normal Distribution ” world should be discredited at this point .
Human emotions and Black Swans have proven more powerful than any computer model .
How about using thoughtful conservative assumptions regarding any financial transaction .
I know , that sounds crazy .
Financial institutions should not create instruments that are so complicated that they can't even understand them .
I hate to quote Richard Nixon , but when he was told that some corporate goliath was “ too big to fail ” he responded , “ Tell it to get smaller ” .
I am tired of hearing that every company that has a problem is too big to fail .
The government cannot let any company become too big to fail .
But , of course they just encouraged Bank of America to buy Merrill Lynch and become way too big to fail .
A total scraping of the bond rating system is in order .
The companies receiving the ratings cannot be compensating the rating agencies .
The false credit ratings misled so many into a false sense of security and contributed greatly to this financial debacle .
It should be clear to the American people that the $ 1.255 trillion will be borrowed from the Chinese , Russians , Japanese , and Middle East .
The United States of America is broke .
We have no money .
The annual interest charge that the American people will pay will exceed $ 60 billion per year , $ 164 million per day , $ 6.8 million per hour .
As all Americans know , when you borrow from someone , they call the shots .
The reckless mismanagement of our country 's finances has put us in the position of asking other countries for favors .
We are now begging for capital infusions from China .
The Chinese and Middle Eastern countries know they are gaining more power , day by day .
The U.S. Empire has begun its long slow decline .
The old dilemma for a country was whether they could fund guns or butter .
When the U.S. tried to fund both in the late 1960's and early 1970's it resulted in massive inflation and a stagflation economy .
With our current foreign wars , massive unfunded liabilities , promised tax cuts from both candidates , and now the greatest bank bailout in history , we are trying to fund guns , butter , and banks simultaneously .
The massive issuance of Treasury bills should result in much higher interest rates .
Consumer confidence and trust in their government will fall , not rise because of the actions taken this week .
Your leaders have lied and misled you .
The massive redemptions from money markets were not panic .
It was a rational response to being misled by bankers that money markets were safe and could not lose money .
Based on the actions taken to relieve banks of all their bad debt , American citizens may come to the conclusion that they do n't need to honor their own obligations .
The moral hazard message from our leaders is that bad decisions do not have bad consequences .
Does anyone really think that government will run Fannie , Freddie , and AIG better than they were run by their previous management ?
Will Hank Paulson hire the same Wall Street cronies to manage his new investment portfolio ?
Comparing this new RTC to the original RTC used for the S&L crisis seems too simplistic .
Bill Siedman , head of the original RTC , described his job as fairly easy and it took six years to complete .
His job was to sell off land from bankrupt S&Ls .
This new RTC will be taking toxic waste mortgage debt off the books of the banks .
I doubt there will be a line waiting to buy this crap .
With congressional leaders like Christopher Dodd , Chuck Schumer , and Barney Frank in charge during the next term I 'm not confident that we will avoid another negative Black Swan .
They have all shown a complete lack of basic financial knowledge .
Will the government ban all selling if the market continues to fall ?
Banning short - selling could result in unforeseen results .
China has not banned short selling .
We certainly wo n't see any short covering rallies .
It is ironic that naked short selling by Merrill , Lehman , Goldman , and Morgan Stanley was extremely profitable for these firms over the last few years .
The rhetoric about these programs lasting only until 2010 is a farce .
These programs will end up becoming a permanent department .
Government never contracts .
It only expands .
Any legislation that is slapped together in the midst of a crisis with an extremely tight timeline will be flawed and not well thought out .
There will be mistakes , omissions and holes .
Let 's hope it does n't cause another Black Swan to develop .
Hopefully , our citizens will come to their senses and elect more patriots like Ron Paul , whose words in Congress on September 10 , 2003 foretold the future crisis :
“ Despite the long - term damage to the economy inflicted by the government 's interference in the housing market , the government 's policy of diverting capital to other uses creates a short - term boom in housing .
Like all artificially - created bubbles , the boom in housing prices cannot last forever .
When housing prices fall , homeowners will experience difficulty as their equity is wiped out .
Furthermore , the holders of the mortgage debt will also have a loss .
These losses will be greater than they would have otherwise been had government policy not actively encouraged over - investment in housing .
Perhaps the Federal Reserve can stave off the day of reckoning by purchasing GSE debt and pumping liquidity into the housing market , but this cannot hold off the inevitable drop in the housing market forever .
In fact , postponing the necessary , but painful market corrections will only deepen the inevitable fall .
The more people invested in the market , the greater the effects across the economy when the bubble bursts . ”
This article was originally published on Lewrockwell.com
If you care about the future of America join me at [ link edited for length ]
TREATMENT IMPACT
See the impact of vitamin C treatment on mice with tumours .
Warning : the image may disturb .
Enlarge Image
An injection of a high dose of vitamin C may be able to hold back the advance of cancers , US scientists claim .
The vitamin may start a destructive chain reaction within the cancer cell , they add .
The jab halved the size of brain , ovarian and pancreatic tumours in mice , reported the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
However , Cancer Research UK said other studies suggested large vitamin C doses may interfere with cancer treatment .
This is encouraging work but it's at a very early stage because it involves cells grown in the lab and mice
Dr Alison Ross
Cancer Research UK Earlier research by the team at the National Institutes of Health in Maryland had suggested that the vitamin , also called ascorbate , could kill cancer cells in the laboratory .
After these successful tests in mice , they are now suggesting that the treatment be considered for human use at similar levels .
The dose they employed - up to four grams per kilo of bodyweight - was far greater than any that could be achieved using diet or vitamin pills , as the digestive system does not absorb more than a fixed amount taken orally .
The mice were bred to have malfunctioning immune systems , then injected with human cancer cells , which as a result , grew quickly into large tumours .
The vitamin was then injected into their abdominal cavity .
Tumour growth and weight fell by between 41 % and 53 % , and while in untreated mice , the disease spread rapidly to involve other body parts , no such spread was seen in the vitamin C - treated animals .
The researchers wrote : " These pre-clinical data provide the first firm basis for advancing pharmacologic ascorbate in cancer treatment in humans . "
Peroxide bomb
The treatment works because a tumour cell is chemically different to a healthy cell .
The vitamin C reacts with this chemical make - up , producing enough hydrogen peroxide to kill the cell , while leaving healthy cells unscathed .
However , Dr Alison Ross , from Cancer Research UK said that much more work would have to be done to see if vitamin C could be a viable treatment .
" This is encouraging work but it's at a very early stage because it involves cells grown in the lab and mice .
" There is currently no evidence from clinical trials in humans that injecting or consuming vitamin C is an effective way to treat cancer .
" Some research even suggests that high doses of antioxidants can make cancer treatment less effective , reducing the benefits of radiotherapy and chemotherapy . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Which Cognitive Enhancers Really Work : Brain Training , Drugs , Vitamins , Meditation or Exercise ?
Although wisdom may come with age , our brains do n’t get any faster .
Many areas of cognitive function decline over time : attention wavers , processing speed decreases , memory starts to crumble .
All kinds of methods for fighting back against this brain - wide slow - down have been suggested .
There is training with computer programs , popping pills , taking nutritional supplements , meditating or even getting some more exercise .
Some want to ward off the scourge of a rapidly ageing population : dementia .
Others are looking for competitive advantage against younger , faster brains .
So : what to choose ?
These methods , along with many others , are often presented as though they ’re all roughly equivalent , but this is n’t true .
The scientific evidence currently available is much stronger for some of these options than others .
This post examines what the research currently tells us about each method for cognitive enhancement and delivers a verdict on each .
1. Brain training
Computer programs that promise to improve cognitive function have become all the rage in recent years , mostly on the back of the success of Nintendo ’s ‘ Brain Age ‘ game .
Many other companies have now jumped on the bandwagon and the market for brain fitness software reached $ 225 million in the US in 2007 according to a report from SharpBrains .
But what about the science behind the hype ?
Certainly cognitive training has been shown to be effective in a few randomised controlled trials , but the evidence is still quite limited .
The first large study in older adults without dementia failed to find an improvement in daily functioning from the training , but it did slow decline .
Also , this study ’s method has been criticised .
Other studies have found benefits for specific groups such as children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) and dyslexia .
Whether advantages gained by these groups might be effective for others is a matter for debate .
The real challenge for brain training is showing that practising one type of mental skill transfers over into other real - life benefits .
Doing puzzles like Sudoku or completing crosswords probably only improves your performance on those specific tasks .
One new study , though , does suggest that training working memory can increase fluid intelligence – what we use to solve problems which do n’t rely on things we already know .
The study , recently published in The Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , found that gains in fluid intelligence were proportional to the amount of working memory training completed .
Unfortunately this is still early - stage exploratory research and many are not convinced that the actual products available on the market are beneficial .
Sandra Aamodt , the editor in chief of Nature Neuroscience and Sam Wang , a Princeton University molecular biologist explain in the New York Times :
“ In the United States , consumers are expected to spend $ 80 million this year on brain exercise products , up from $ 2 million in 2005 .
Advertising for these products often emphasizes the claim that they are designed by scientists or based on scientific research .
To be charitable , we might call them inspired by science — not to be confused with actually proven by science . ”
It ’s telling that the best - selling brain training software – Nintendo ’s ‘ Brain Age ‘ – has the lowest level of clinical validation according to a market report from Sharp Brains .
Verdict : Evidence for the benefits of cognitive training for everyday functioning is still very limited .
Brain training software currently available is mostly ‘ inspired by science ’ rather than based on it .
Treat marketers ’ claims with extreme scepticism .
Side - effects are probably limited to repetitive strain injury and a depleted wallet .
2. Drugs
Until recently the main chemical cognitive enhancer most people used was caffeine .
But there are a whole batch of new drugs that could challenge caffeine ’s dominance as the safe stimulant of choice .
Of these , two well - known for their ‘ off - label ’ use are Modafinil ( also known as Provigil ) and Ritalin .
Modafinil was originally developed to treat narcolepsy , but is now used by many people as a cognitive enhancer .
Studies reported by the Academy of Medical Sciences have shown that Provigil does indeed improve aspects of memory : mainly verbal working memory , planning performance , working memory and executive inhibitory control ( ability to stay on - task ) .
Other important aspects of cognitive function such as attention , however , were not affected by Modafinil .
This study found Modafinil did not enhance spatial memory span , rapid visual information processing or attentional set - shifting .
This study also found that Modafinil did not enhance attention .
The reason many use Modafinil is that it does n’t seem to have any short - or long - term side - effects and it is not addictive ( although it ’s lack of side - effects may well have been exaggerated ) .
For example it does n’t increase blood - pressure or heart - rate , as caffeine does .
It may give you a headache , though , just like caffeine .
Ritalin was originally developed to treat ADHD yet adults have begun using it as a cognitive enhancer .
It seems to work best in young people , enhancing spatial working memory and cognitive flexibility .
Effects on other aspects of cognition such as verbal learning and long - term memory are relatively small .
In most people Ritalin tends to improve mood , increase activity and arousal , but it ’s effects are more varied and can include anxiety , tiredness and lowered mood .
Verdict : Amongst the chemical cognitive enhancers Modafinil is currently fashionable for grown - ups .
But is it really that much better than caffeine ?
This study and this study suggest that in warding off sleep Modafinil is no more effective than caffeine – and caffeine is legal and readily available .
Probably better to stick to tea or coffee .
3. Nutritional supplements
There are all kinds of claims for the abilities of nutritional supplements to enhance cognition .
For example , vitamin B6 has been found to enhance memory ( but far from conclusively ) and there are many other claims being made by marketers for vitamins E , B12 , folate , neurosteroids and so on .
However , in reviewing the research the Academy of Medical Sciences points out that most of the studies are few , far between and small in scope .
Verdict : Unproven , but probably not dangerous as long as you ’re not exceeding the recommended daily allowances .
On the downside supplements can be costly .
4. Meditation
Meditation , like nutritional supplements , is another modern cure - all , but what does the evidence tell us about its effect on cognitive function ?
A forthcoming review of the research published in the Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences looks at the effects of meditation on cognitive function .
There is some limited evidence that meditation can benefit cognitive function overall , and memory in particular .
But this research is at a very early stage and needs to be replicated by different researchers .
A major problem in this research is the fact that there are many different types of meditation .
It might be that there is some kind of common active ingredient in meditation , but this has yet to be identified .
Verdict : Meditation still has to be considered unproven as a cognitive enhancer but it probably wo n’t do you any harm , plus it ’s free .
5. Exercise
Whether you ’re old or young , fit or even suffering from a neurodegenerative disorder , aerobic exercise has been found to be beneficial for cognitive health .
Randomised controlled trials , along with reviews of many of these trials ( such as this one in Neuromolecular Medicine ) , have shown that exercise improves cognitive function across the board .
It has also been found to be particularly good at enhancing executive control processes ( e.g. planning and working memory ) .
Exercise is also thought to encourage the growth of new brain cells .
In the past scientists always thought that neurogenesis – growing new brain cells – was impossible in humans .
New studies , though , have shown that we can grow new brain cells .
Research reviewed in Neuromolecular Medicine suggests physical exercise can promote neurogenesis in the hippocampus – an area of the brain thought to be important in memory and learning .
Verdict :
The evidence for exercise boosting cognitive function is head - and - shoulders above that for brain training , drugs , nutritional supplements and meditation .
Scientifically , on the current evidence , exercise is the best way to enhance your cognitive function .
And as for its side - effects : yes there is the chance of an injury but exercise can also reduce weight , lower the chance of dementia , improve mood and lead to a longer life - span .
Damn those side - effects !
The results are in ( for now )
Even though exercise is the current winner for enhancing cognition , this might change in the future .
Maybe better drugs for enhancing brain function will be developed – possibly en route to improved treatments for conditions like Alzheimer ’s .
Or maybe studies on nutritional supplements , brain training software or particular forms of meditation may provide firmer evidence .
Maybe .
On current evidence exercise is clearly the best method for increasing useful everyday cognitive functioning .
And in the future we may even have exercise regimes that are specifically targeted at enhancing cognitive function .
The is a guest post by freelance environmental writer Tom Schueneman , publisher of GlobalWarmingisReal.com
You would n’t necessarily expect Bill Clinton and the Democratic party to have very much in common with oilman and 2004 “ Swift Boat ” funder T. Boone Pickens ( who helped finance the ads that slighted John Kerry ’s service in Vietnam during the last presidential election ) , but these are strange times we live in .
As Hugh Jackson writes in the Guardian , it is n’t as if Pickens is about to endorse Obama , it ’s just that he is serious about the need for a new energy economy .
“ This is one emergency that we ca n’t drill our way out of ” says Pickens in a national TV ad touting his ‘ Pickens Plan ’ ( curiously , NBC has declined to run Pickens ’ latest ad ) , and it ’s a message the Democrats are all over .
Especially Senate majority leader Harry Reid , who got Pickens and Bill Clinton together as headliners for a recent renewable energy conference in Nevada , home of one of the world ’s largest solar energy plants .
When the message from the McCain camp is a simple Drill Here , Drill Now , what Democrat could resist the iconic oilman embracing a new energy economy ?
That does n’t mean the Pickens is against drilling offshore or in Alaska , he ’s for it .
As for Reid , his record is far from squeaky clean when it comes to mining reform .
Bill Clinton remains the man many love to hate ; all I have to do is mention the name “ Al Gore ” and some people get apoplectic .
Nonetheless all these folks agree on one thing : importing nearly 70 % of our oil and sending $ 700 billion – $ 700 billion – of our wealth overseas to feed our “ addiction ” ( George Bush ’s term ) is a fool ’s errand .
Pickens might be an opportunistic capitalist pig .
Reid may hold sway to the power of gold ( mining , that is ) .
Clinton is a megalomaniac and Al Gore spews enough hot air to raise global temperature another degree .
But it ’s a crisis folks , and these are the people , all no doubt enormously flawed , who nonetheless call the way out of the oil - soaked mess we ’re in .
Strange times indeed .
Photo credit : Webalalza.com
Washington Post :
Cindy McCain , wife of Sen. John McCain , is headed to the Republic of Georgia , where tensions between the government and Russia have sparked international concern and have become an issue on the presidential campaign trail .
McCain announced to a group of fundraisers in Sacramento that his wife was headed to the country , but the campaign did not provide any details about the trip .
McCain has been very aggressive in his condemnation of Russia 's invasion of Georgia , and his campaign has been critical of Obama 's more measured response when Russian tanks first pushed into the country .
McCain spokeswoman Jill Hazelbaker confirmed Cindy McCain is enroute to the nation and said she is visiting as part of the World Food Program .
She said she will meet with Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili and visit with wounded Georgian soldiers .
Read on ...
Pointing to drug law hypocrisy , pro-pot group labels Cindy McCain ' dealer ' Nick Juliano
Published : Tuesday August 5 , 2008
Print This Email
This A group dedicated to legalizing marijuana use is launching a new campaign Tuesday aimed at pointing to hypocrisy in a country that could have as its first lady a woman who made millions selling a substance that 's killed tens of thousands of people while purveyors of a relatively harmless herb are imprisoned .
The just - launched Web site DrugDealerCindy.com points to Cindy McCain 's position as chair of her father 's Hensley & Co. , one of the country 's largest Anheuser - Busch beer distributors , and it argues that alcohol is more toxic , addictive and prone to inspire violence than marijuana .
The site , launched by the group Safer Alternative For Enjoyable Recreation , also features mock " Wanted " posters featuring a photo of McCain , wife of the Republican presidential candidate , and offering a -- wait for it -- $ 420 reward .
The site also features a video parodying the Budweiser frog advertisements , labeling McCain a " Drug - Deal - Er " " No one seems to have a problem with the fact that a potential First Lady sells a drug that contributes to countless violence and other destructive acts , " SAFER 's Mason Tvert tells RAW STORY .
The Denver - based group led a campaign there for a city - wide ballot initiative making marijuana use legal for adults over 21 within the city limits .
Tvert says the group is not targeting McCain out of malice nor for partisan reasons .
The aim is simply to point out the disparity between how alcohol and marijuana use are treated as public policy issues .
" Cindy McCain sells millions of dollars worth or alcohol every year " and may go to the White House , he says .
" Whereas someone who may sell hundreds of dollars worth of marijuana gets sent to prison . "
SAFER is " not against alcohol , " Tvert says , it would just prefer marijuana receive the same recognition under the law .
The " Drug Dealer " campaign will officially kick off Wednesday with a press conference in front of the Hensley distributorship in Phoenix , and SAFER is purchasing a few thousand dollars worth of advertising on several political blogs to promote the campaign .
On its Web site , SAFER also is offering printable Wanted posters it 's encouraging supporters to display wherever they can .
Tvert says he hopes the poster displays will give the campaign more of a " guerrilla element . "
SAFER posted the following video on its new site and on YouTube :
I am astounded and deeply saddened to witness the senseless destruction in the U.S. financial system , which has been the envy of the world .
We have always gone through periods of correction , but today 's problems are so much worse than they needed to be .
The Securities and Exchange Commission and bank regulators must act immediately to suspend the Fair Value Accounting rules , clamp down on abuses by short sellers , and withdraw the Basel II capital rules .
These three actions will go a long way toward arresting the carnage in our financial system .
During the 1980s , our underlying economic problems were far more serious than the economic problems we 're facing this time around .
The prime rate exceeded 21 % .
The savings bank industry was more than $ 100 billion insolvent ( if we had valued it on a market basis ) , the S&L industry was in even worse shape , the economy plunged into a deep recession , and the agricultural sector was in a depression .
These economic problems led to massive credit problems in the banking and thrift industries .
Some 3,000 banks and thrifts ultimately failed , and many others were merged out of existence .
Continental Illinois failed , many of the regional banks tanked , hundreds of farm banks went down , and thousands of thrifts failed or were taken over .
It could have been much worse .
The country 's 10 - largest banks were loaded up with Third World debt that was valued in the markets at cents on the dollar .
If we had marked those loans to market prices , virtually every one of them would have been insolvent .
Indeed , we developed contingency plans to nationalize them .
Jupiter 's rings consist of bands of widely scattered dust particles generated by the impact of space debris into the planet 's small inner moons , Adrastea , Metis , Amalthea and Thebe .
This dust is organized into a main ring , an inner halo , and two fainter and more distant gossamer rings .
The rings largely are bounded by the orbits of these four moons .
However , a faint outward protrusion of dust ( not show here ) extends beyond the orbit of Thebe .
Courtesy NASA
Scientists from the University of Maryland and the Max - Planck Institute for Solar System Research in Germany appear to have solved a long - standing mystery about the cause of anomalies in Jupiter 's gossamer rings .
In a new study published in the May 1 issue of Nature , they report that a faint extension of the outermost ring beyond the orbit of Jupiter 's moon
Thebe , and other observed deviations from an accepted model of ring formation , result from the interplay of shadow and sunlight on dust particles that make up the rings .
" It turns out that the outer ring 's extended boundary and other oddities in Jupiter 's rings really are ' made in the shade , ' " said Douglas Hamilton , a professor of astronomy at the University of Maryland .
" As they orbit about the planet , dust grains in the rings alternately discharge and charge when they pass through the planet 's shadow .
These systematic variations in dust particle electric charges interact with the planet 's powerful magnetic field .
As a result small dust particles are pushed beyond the expected ring outer boundary , and very small grains even change their inclination , or orbital orientation , to the planet . "
Hamilton and German co-author Harald Krüger studied for the first time new impact data on dust grain sizes , speeds , and orbital orientations taken by the spacecraft Galileo during its traversal of Jupiter 's rings in 2002 - 2003 , as part of its deliberate maneuvering for a death plunge into the planet .
Krüger analyzed the new data set and Hamilton created elaborate computer models that matched dust and imaging data on Jupiter 's rings and explained the observed eccentricities .
" Within our model we can explain all essential structures of the dust ring we observed , " said Krüger .
According to Hamilton , the mechanisms identified in this paper effect the rings of any planet in any solar system , but the effects may not be as evident as it is at Jupiter .
" The icy particles in Saturn 's famous rings are too large and heavy to be significantly shaped by this process , which is why similar anomalies are not seen there , " he said .
" Our findings on the effects of shadow may also shed some light on aspects of planetary formation because electrically charged dust particles must somehow combine into larger bodies from which planets and moons are ultimately formed . "
Jupiter , the fifth planet from the Sun , has 63 known moons .
The dust forming Jupiter 's faint rings is produced when bits of space debris smashes into the small inner moons Adrastea , Metis , Amalthea and Thebe ( listed closest to farthest ) .
This dust is organized into a main ring , an inner halo , and two fainter and more distant gossamer rings .
The rings largely are bounded by the orbits of these four moons , but a faint outward protrusion of dust extending beyond the orbit of Thebe ( pronounced The - be ) has , until now , mystified scientists .
Italian scientist Galileo Galilei was the first to discover that Jupiter had moons .
Galileo first observed the planet 's four largest moons in 1610 .
On December 7 , 1995 NASA 's Galileo spacecraft reached Jupiter and began the first of 35 orbits around the planet .
Over seven years the spacecraft took some 14 , 000 images of Jupiter , its moons and rings .
On September 21 , 2003 the Galileo spacecraft was put into a controlled dive to end its mission , by plummeting through Jupiter 's atmosphere .
In addition to its imaging instruments , the spacecraft carried a supersensitive dust detector , which registered thousands of impacts from dust particles on its way through Jupiter 's ring system in 2002 and 2003 .
The Thebe extension was one of the many new discoveries made by the Galileo spacecraft .
Source : University of Maryland
This must be the most ironic story we 've ever submitted .
The Creationist propaganda movie claiming the scientific community is discriminating against those who believe differently , " Expelled : No Intelligence Allowed " held a screening at the Mall of America .
In attendance were many people who were featured in the film , including Biology professor PZ Myers , who was found and asked to leave the theater .
All the while , his friend standing next to him was ignored .
Who was his friend ?
Oxford professor Richard Dawkins !
We have a video interview of the event .
The discipline and organization of the Obama campaign is truly remarkable .
A Cast of 300 Advises Obama on Foreign Policy
Every day around 8 a.m. , foreign policy aides at Senator Barack Obama ’s Chicago campaign headquarters send him two e-mails : a briefing on major world developments over the previous 24 hours and a set of questions , accompanied by suggested answers , that the candidate is likely to be asked about international relations during the day .
Behind the e-mail messages is a tight - knit group of aides supported by a huge 300 - person foreign policy campaign bureaucracy , organized like a mini State Department , to assist a candidate whose limited national security experience remains a concern to many voters .
In contrast , McCain has loose - knit group of about 75 advisers , consisting of a virtual " who 's who " of the neoconservative foreign policy establishment :
McCain receives advice from several generations of Republican strategists and former top foreign policy officials such as Henry Kissinger and Richard Armitage , often grouped in the realist camp of foreign policy , as well as William Kristol and Robert Kagan , leading neoconservative voices .
The campaign lists Kagan as a leading foreign policy adviser ...
The last two names on that list really tell you all you need to know about the direction of McCain 's foreign policy should he become President .
McSame indeed .
The release today of the movie Puffball is timed to honour the impending 80th birthday of its distinguished director , Nicholas Roeg .
But the screening date also marks another cinematic anniversary : it 's exactly 35 years since Roeg 's masterpiece , Do n't Look Now , introduced what remains one of the most celebrated movie sex scenes : an extended , fragmented , ecstatic encounter between a naked Julie Christie and Donald Sutherland .
Do n't Look Now and Puffball are both adapted from stories by novelists resident in the West Country - Daphne du Maurier and Fay Weldon - but are also connected by a desire to show sex in surprising ways .
Whereas the earlier film was pioneering in the length and intensity of its bedroom scene , the couplings in Puffball are notable for their level of biological candour .
Cutaway shots show semen shooting towards a womb , an internal shot of a penis entering a vagina and , externally , the removal and discarding of a condom .
Indeed , the abandoned prophylactic goes beyond a prop to become almost a character , this most disposable of items surviving to appear in several scenes .
These moments feel strongly like an attempt by the old Roeg to give the sex scenes the kind of impact he achieved three - and - a - half decades ago .
But the journey between the two films shows the change in the relationship between moviegoers and erotic material .
There has always been a close relationship between cinema and sex .
In more decorous decades it was the only place that unmarried couples could hope to grope in the dark .
And , even as picturehouses lost their significance as a place to practise , they increased in importance as a lecture hall for theory .
The early 70s was the period in which cinema pioneered soft - porn : films such as Last Tango in Paris , Emanuelle and Bilitis challenged censors and local authorities to admit to mainstream cinemas scenes of a kind that had previously been restricted to basements subject to busting by vice squads .
But , although Don't Look Now was inevitably clamped with an X - certificate in those sensitive times , what 's most interesting about the Christie - Sutherland scene is the extent to which it stays within the limits of the licit , both visually and in context .
Part of the remarkable charge of the sequence is that movie screwing is almost always adulterous , but Do n't Look Now showcases marital lovemaking .
And the arty composition - using reflections , quick cuts and a time - slip trick in which the sex is interleaved with the couple dressing afterwards - would make it frustrating for anyone hoping to use the movie as a masturbatory aid .
In an age of liberation , the director still respects limitation .
In the decades between Don't Look Now and Puffball , cinematic censorship has progressively relaxed until , recently , actual sex acts have featured in the mainstream movies Nine Songs and Intimacy .
The gynaecological moments in Puffball are presumably Roeg 's contribution to this trend .
Interestingly , though , perhaps reflecting the generation of filmmakers to which Roeg belongs , the attitude to nudity remains notably old - fashioned .
Kelly Reilly 's naked breasts are prominently shown , but the penises of the two men who feature in sex scenes are well - protected , except for the phallus in the interior penetration scene , which presumably is n't the actor 's , unless Roeg had an unusually accommodating cast and very swanky cameras .
He has , though , come to the party too late .
An almost daily lesson of our culture is the way in which the internet has transformed our lives , to an extent which we have yet fully to assimilate .
Among the biggest victims of this competition has been the erotic power of cinema .
When Don't Look
Now was released , the big screen was the only place that people might expect to see sex scenes in which they were not personally involved .
Those requiring more explicit images had to risk the less lit parts of cities or mail order firms on the continent .
Now , any act involving any actors - animal , child , living , dead - is available online .
Philip Larkin , a poet subsequently revealed to be keen on porn , immortalised the view that " sexual intercourse began in 1963 " .
But , for cinema at least , sexual intercourse ended in about 2005 , when the most explicit images possible became as readily available as television .
The career of Nicholas Roeg , from Do n't Look Now to Puffball , is a perfect graph of this process of sexual desensitisation .
In a society with the slogan Look Now , cinema is no longer the place that people have to go for sex .
comment@theguardian.com
TORRANCE , Calif . —
During the glory days of big pickups and sport utility vehicles , one automaker steadfastly refused to join the party .
Despite the huge profits that its competitors were minting by making larger vehicles , Honda Motor never veered from its mission of building fuel - efficient , environmentally friendly cars like its Accord sedan .
“ I remember being at the Tokyo Motor Show in the mid-1990s and talking about the environment , ” said Ben Knight , head of engineering at Honda ’s North American division .
“ The reaction was there ’s no return on that . ”
But in today ’s fuel - conscious automotive market , Honda is reaping the rewards for its commitment .
No major automaker in America is doing better than Honda , whose sales are up 3 percent for the first seven months of this year in a market that has fallen 11 percent .
By comparison , General Motors is down nearly 18 percent , Ford Motor has dropped 14 percent , and Toyota has slid 7 percent .
Through it all , disgusted investigators said , at least 10 passengers stood by and did nothing as the random attack moved from the train to the platform , when the hammer - wielding maniac tried to push his victim down onto the train tracks .
[ This post was originally published on August 4th , 2008 ]
These days , there 's no distinguishing one keyboard from the next because all they really do is act as computer trigger devices .
But in the 60s , 70s , 80s , and even the early 90s , keyboards and their manufacturers were known for signature sounds .
Here are five of my favorites :
1. The Mellotron
Though not nearly as famous as the others on this little list , the Mellotron is perhaps the coolest keyboard ever invented .
Like our modern - day keyboard controllers that trigger computer samples , the Mellotron was really nothing more than a sample trigger - er , too .
But because it was invented in the early 60s , the samples were actual tape loops !
By depressing a key , a keyboardist was putting a tape of , say , a choir , or a violin section into motion on that particular pitch .
So each of the 35 keys had its own , distinct , 8 - second tape loop ready to play in the belly of the keyboard .
Mellotrons never really caught on , though , because they were a ) always breaking down , and b ) the tapes , just like cassette tapes , lost their edge over time .
Imagine playing an 8 - second cassette tape over and over in a loop for hours on end .
Think about how quickly scratches and hiss would take over .
But it was and still is one of the most musical of all early keyboards .
Its sound is unmistakable , heard here on the two very famous excerpts below .
" Strawberry Fields Forever "  by the Beatles .
( The opening flute quartet is classic Mellotron at its best . )
" Nights in White Satin " by the Moody Blues .
( Those lush strings are n't real !
Well , technically they are , but as sampled and played back on the Mellotron . )
Be sure to check out " And You and I " by Yes , as well as " The Rain Song " by Led Zeppelin for more great Mellotron .
2. The Hammond Organ
Originally intended for churches , the Hammond line of organs , invented by Laurens Hammond in 1934 and manufactured by his Hammond Organ Company , became very popular in the 60s and 70s with rock and blues bands , especially the Hammond B3 , pictured here .
Whether you know the Hammond or not , you definitely know its legendary sound .
Check out the examples I 've picked here and revel in that " a - ha moment . " 
" Amsterdam , "  by Coldplay " “ One of my favorite songs by Coldplay .
Listen how the Hammond coming in under the piano just opens the whole song up and takes it to another level .
Ah , yes : " A Whiter Shade of Pale "  by Procol Harum .
Can you imagine how different the song would feel if the chord progression and tune were plucked out on , say , a piano ?
The Hammond completely defines this great Steve Winwood song , " Gimme Some Lovin "  :
3 . The Minimoog
A lot has been written about Bob Moog and his Moog Music empire .
One cool fact , which often gets forgotten , is that the Minimoog is actually monophonic , which means it can only play one note at a time .
You can't even play a simple C major chord on the Minimoog , let alone accompany yourself with the left hand plucking out a bass line on the lower part of the 44 - key synth .
It 's also one of the first keyboards to feature the now ubiquitous modulation and pitch - bend wheels .
One of my favorite examples of the classic Minimoog is the following solo in Pink Floyd 's song " Shine on You Crazy Diamond . " 
4 . The Synclavier
Along with the Fairlight synthesizer , the Synclavier , made by New England Digital in 1975 , was one of the very first keyboards that allowed musicians to sample sounds and store them in on - board computers .
In fact , if you 're an old fart like me , you might remember Stevie Wonder showing off this very sampling ability on his Synclavier in an episode of The Cosby Show ( the one where the kids get into a car accident with him ) .
One really amazing thing about the Synclavier , other than its ability to sample the human voice or anything within a microphone 's range , was its amazingly high sticker price .
Costing upwards of a quarter of a million dollars ( much less than the price of my parent 's 3 - bedroom apartment in Center City Philadelphia purchased around the same time ) , some Synclaviers even fetched closer to half - a- million .
Other noteworthy facts about the Synclavier :
It was created at Dartmouth College by the team of : Sydney Alonso , who developed the hardware designs , Cameron Jones , who developed the software , and Dartmouth faculty member and composer Jon Appleton , a musical advisor to the project .
Other than the Cosby episode , which I can't find on YouTube , if you 'd like to hear the Synclavier in action , check out one of the most famous samples in music history below ( the gong at the beginning of " Beat It , "  by Michael Jackson ) :
5 . The Fender Rhodes
All I have to say is : the theme song from Taxi , and you should instantly know the sound of the Fender Rhodes .
Ubiquitous throughout the 70s and 80s in dozens of maudlin ballads ( which we 'll sample momentarily ) , the Rhodes is named for its inventor , Harold Rhodes , who was a piano teacher before joining the Army Air Corps during WWII .
It was there that he was asked to provide musical therapy , bedside , for the wounded and wound up inventing a small keyboard using aluminum pipes from the wings of B - 17 bombers .
The pipes created such a pleasing sound , and Rhodes ' therapy sessions became so well - known , he received the Medal of Honor after the war .
Soon he was manufacturing a larger version , and , over time , new , improved versions .
Eventually , the Rhodes was bought out by Fender , which is why people forever call it the Fender Rhodes .
In addition to the below clips , the Rhodes can be heard up and down Chick Corea 's Light as a Feather , Miles Davis '
In a Silent Way and Bitches Brew , as well as on most of Weather Report 's albums and Herbie Hancock 's , too .
It was a jazz - fusion staple for a couple decades there .
" Just the Way You Are "  by Billy Joel
" Angela ( Theme from ' Taxi ' ) " by Bob James
Ed note :
The gorgeous Stevie Wonder keyboard pic ( on the homepage ) is by Al Satterwhite , via kalamu .
By Caroline Parkinson
Health reporter , BBC News , Barcelona
The world 's obese population is rising Obese men have poorer quality sperm , perhaps because too much fat around their testicles causes them to heat up , scientists have suggested .
University of Aberdeen researchers looked at the sperm of over 2,000 men in couples having problems conceiving .
The heaviest men had a higher proportion of abnormal sperm , as well as other problems .
The scientists told a European fertility conference losing weight probably boosted fertility .
We are pleased to be able to add improved semen quality to the long list of benefits that we know are the result of an optimal body weight
Dr Ghiyath Shayeb
University of Aberdeen Being obese is already known to affect women 's chances of getting pregnant .
The men were divided into four groups , according to their BMI ( body mass index ) .
Other factors which could affect fertility , such as smoking , high alcohol use and age , were taken into account by the researchers .
Men who had a healthy BMI of 20 to 25 were had higher levels of normal sperm than those who were heavier .
They also had higher semen volume , the European Society for Human Reproduction and Embryology meeting in Barcelona was told .
But those with a higher BMI had lower volumes of seminal fluid , and a higher proportion of abnormal sperm .
There was no significant difference between the four groups in sperm concentration or activity .
Other studies have also linked obesity to DNA damage in the sperm .
Semen quality Dr Ghiyath Shayeb , who led the research , said : " Our findings were quite independent of any other factors and seem to suggest that men who are trying for a baby with their partners , should first try to achieve an ideal body weight .
" This is in addition to the benefit of a healthy BMI for their general well being .
" Adopting a healthy lifestyle , a balanced diet , and regular exercise will , in the vast majority of cases , lead to a normal BMI .
" We are pleased to be able to add improved semen quality to the long list of benefits that we know are the result of an optimal body weight . "
The researchers will now look at male BMI in fertile and infertile couples to see if the poorer semen quality is directly linked to poor fertility , and examine further how obesity can damage sperm .
Dr Shayeb said there were a number of possible explanations , including different hormone levels in obese men , overheating of the testicles caused by excessive fat in the area , or simply the lifestyle and diet that leads to obesity also causing poorer semen quality .
Dr Ian Campbell , chair of the charity Weight Concern , said it was known that overweight people had a tendency to have fewer children .
He said there had been a suspicion that was mainly due to lack of opportunity .
" But if weight actually has a detrimental effect on sperm quality , that 's really interesting , " he said " It 's one more reason for men to lose weight . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
A federal judge has ruled that a Pennsylvania school can suspend two eighth - graders who created a fake MySpace profile of their principal depicting him as a pedophile and a sex addict , among other things .
The September 11 ruling said the students ' civil rights were not violated despite their actions taking place off school grounds because the language used on the profile was " lewd and vulgar , " and because it was akin to speech that promoted illegal actions .
Given the recent prevalence of fake MySpace profiles meant to taunt or harass others at school , this ruling could help decide future cases related to student speech online .
The story goes back to March 2007 , when a profile representing the principal of Blue Mountain Middle School , James McGonigle , popped up on MySpace .
The profile did n't explicitly identify McGonigle by name , but used a photo of him taken from the school district 's website and labeled him as principal .
Among McGonigle 's alleged interests listed on MySpace were " f****** in my office " and " hitting on students and their parents . "
The profile also had a statement with the headline " HELLO CHILDREN , " that read ( in part ) , " yes .
It 's your oh so wonderful , hairy , expressionless , sex addict , fagass , put on this world with a small d*** PRINCIPAL
I have come to myspace so I can pervert the minds of other principals to be just like me . "
The two students who created the profile did so at home on one of their parents ' computers , and according to court documents , a fair number of other students were already talking about the profile at school the next day .
The students behind the profile , referred to as J.S. and K.L. , claimed they set the profile to private that day , but McGonigle himself was still able to access it from a public computer days later .
After speaking with J.S. and K.L. in his office along with a guidance counselor , they admitted to creating the profile .
They were suspended for 10 days for violating the school discipline code , which prohibits making false accusations against school staff members , as well as copyright infringement for using his photo without permission .
The students had the opportunity to appeal their discipline to the school board , but declined to do so .
It was at this point J.S. and her parents filed a lawsuit against the school district , the school , the superintendent , and McGonigle .
The attorneys for J.S. argued that the school violated her First Amendment rights to free speech and that the Constitution prohibits the school district from disciplining a student 's out - of - school conduct that does not cause a disruption of classes or school administration .
As an example , they presented the US Supreme Court case of Tinker v. Des Moines from 1969 , which ruled that students do not shed their constitutional rights to free speech when they enter the schoolhouse .
In this case , however , US District Judge James Munley ruled that Tinker v. Des Moines was n't applicable .
In the Tinker case , high school students engaged in silent protest of the Vietnam war by wearing black armbands at school , which did not interfere with schoolwork or with the rights of others .
" In the instant case , the speech is not political ; rather , it was vulgar and offensive statement [ sic ] ascribed to the school principal , " wrote Munley in his 20 - page opinion .
Munley cited another case , Bethel School Dist v. Fraser , where a high school student was suspended for using elaborate sexual metaphors during a school assembly to refer to another student ; the suspended student filed a civil rights case but lost due to the vulgarity of the speech .
" The profile contains words such as ' fucking , ' ' bitch , ' ' fagass , ' ' dick , ' ' tight ass , ' and ' dick head , ' " wrote Munley .
" The speech does not make any type of political statement .
It is merely an attack on the school 's principal .
It makes him out to be a pedophile and sex addict .
This speech is not the Tinker silent political protest .
It is more akin to the lewd and vulgar speech addressed in Fraser . "
One of the attorneys arguing the case for J.S , Mary Catherine Roper of the American Civil Liberties Union of Pennsylvania , said in an interview she was disappointed with the outcome of the case , according to Law.com .
She said that Munley failed to recognize that a school cannot restrict a student 's speech " anywhere it is uttered " simply because it 's vulgar and targets a school official .
In the precedents cited by both sides , the students ' conduct occurred in school , not at home behind a computer screen .
Munley wrote in his opinion , however , that the intended audience was clearly other students at the school and that the profile was being discussed there , which helped bridge the case from being an off - campus matter to an on -campus issue .
Roper said that an appeal was still up in the air , but this issue is n't likely to go away anytime soon , regardless of whether J.S. and her parents choose to appeal .
The combination of social networking sites , disliked school administrators , and perceived anonymity may be too tempting for some disgruntled students to resist , but this case demonstrates that there are limits to what students can say online .
Further reading :
On Sunday , Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice told Fox ’s Chris Wallace that U.S. asylum for former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf was “ not on the table . ”
However , she refused to explicitly rule the option out , insisting that he had been a “ good ally . ”
Watch it :
But now that Musharraf has officially stepped down , the Bush administration appears to be increasingly receptive to opening America ’s doors to the former military leader .
State Department spokesman Robert Wood told reporters that Musharraf “ has a right to live wherever he wants . ” AFP reports :
“ We have n’t been asked to provide him with any asylum or place of residence , ” State Department spokesman Robert Wood said amid speculations that the former staunch US “ war on terror ” ally who quit Monday might stay abroad , including in the United States .
“ If he chooses to take up residence somewhere , I mean if he were to request that , we would obviously look at it , but it ’s not an issue that we ’ve been approached with , ” Wood explained .
This willingness to grant Musharraf asylum may be coming from the top ranks of the White House .
Nearly nearly three weeks after Musharraf declared emergency rule last November , President Bush continued to insist that the Pakistani president had “ advanced democracy in Pakistan . ”
According to the Pakistani newspaper Dawn , Bush was the “ last holdout ” of support for Musharraf in the Bush administration , outlasting both Rice and Vice President Cheney .
Shuja Nawaz , a former Pakistani journalist and International Development Agency official , told PBS on Monday that “ a possible immediate destination [ for Musharraf ] may be Dubai , and then eventually may be New Mexico in the United States . ”
Think Progress
Labels : Bush Administration Open To Giving Musharraf Asylum In The United States
Here we see ol ' Mercator , if country sizes were drawn according to the amount of discretionary income spent on electronics by its citizens .
As the world 's largest economy , the US being the biggest blob here at $ 162 billion for 2007 is not that surprising .
But what might be surprising is Japan , who spends more on recreation than clothing , household items and electronics combined - pretty interesting for such a style - and gadget - conscious nation .
Also note central Europe 's electronics spending , which is clearly becoming a force to be reckoned with if IFA in Berlin was any indication .
Head over to the NYTimes for more playing with this cool little flash data visualization with other categories of spending .
[ NYTimes via Boing Boing ]
Advertisement
Oxygen - starved ocean dead zones may be more widespread than thought .
Spanish researchers found that many species die off at oxygen levels well above what is now considered uninhabitable .
The new study suggests that the extent of dead zones in coastal areas that support fishing industries is greater than previously known .
Since the mid-20th century , more than 400 dead zones have formed along continental coastlines , where fertilizer pollution causes algal blooms whose decomposition feeds oxygen - gobbling bacteria .
These so - called hypoxic regions now cover an area roughly equivalent in size to Oregon .
Compared to Earth 's total ocean area , that 's relatively small , but they 're grouped in places critical to commercial fishing .
They 're also spreading , in both size and frequency : Since the 1960s , the number of hypoxic areas has doubled every 10 years .
And as significant as the problem is , it 's based on what may be outdated , overly permissive standards .
The new study is a review of nearly 900 studies of 206 ocean floor - dwelling species , and suggests that the level of oxygen considered hypoxic needs to be raised .
" These results imply that the number and area of coastal ecosystems affected by hypoxia and the future extent of hypoxia impacts on marine life have been generally underestimated , " write Carlos Duarte and Raquel Vaquer - Sunyer of the Mediterranean Institute for Advanced Studies .
The paper was published yesterday in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
The benchmark for hypoxia was set in 1983 , when scientists found that fish and shrimp abandoned water containing less than two milligrams of dissolved oxygen per liter .
To preserve the biodiversity of bottom - dwellers — and thus the functional structure of marine ecosystems that currently support coastal commercial fishing industries — Duarte and Vaquer - Sunyer would set an oxygen baseline of 4.6 milligrams per liter , if not higher .
" If we went by this definition , we 'd probably double the number of hypoxic zones , or at least increase it by 100 , " said Robert Diaz , a Virginia Institute of Marine Science biologist who has tracked the rise of ocean dead zones since 1995 , and was not involved in the current study .
Diaz noted that the figure produced by Duarte and Vaquer - Sunyer was a rule of thumb :
In tropical regions , lower oxygen levels may be acceptable , while more oxygen may be needed elsewhere .
More important than the figure itself , he said , was what it signified .
" The dead zones are occurring in areas that are very productive fishing grounds , " said Diaz .
" Everything is pointing towards a more desperate situation in all aquatic systems , freshwater and marine .
That 's pretty clear .
People should be worried , all over the world . "
Thresholds of hypoxia for marine biodiversity [ PNAS ] [ open access ]
**
* Images : Above , the Gulf of Mexico dead zone , from NASA ; at right , organism hypoxia thresholds and the chronological increase of hypoxic areas , from PNAS .
To see dead zones in Google Earth or Google Maps , visit Robert Diaz ' website .
*
__ See Also:__
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and Del.icio.us feed ; Wired Science on Facebook .
I can really understand why there are more infections with malware on computers running Windows than those that run other OSs .
Firstly , there are of course less people using those other OSs , thus the distributors of malware naturally focus on the biggest pie first .
But secondly , some of those malware installation scams are actually very well done .
Consider what I came across when I was researching digital cameras .
Take a look at the top search result I got back from Yahoo for a completely innocent search query ( click on the image to see a full - sized version ) :
Ok , so admittedly , the link title does n't even say anything about the camera model I was searching for , but I tend to click on the top link anyway .
Some sort of bad habit , I guess .
Anyway , a new tab opened ( I always open search results in tabs ) , and suddenly this pop -up appears out of nowhere :
This was done as a JavaScript alert / dialog pop-up , which is normally not stopped by pop -up blockers .
Of course , being told that my computer is infected and that WinXP will now perform a scan is rather surprising , considering I am running GNU / Linux .
And the annoying repetition of “ FREE ” ( in all caps ) is a bit of a give - away as well .
Other than that , the dialog is n't brimming with spelling mistakes ( I only found one ) and does n't use spam - speak , which lends it a bit of credibility .
Of course , no matter if you click ' cancel ' or ' ok ' , the “ scan ” starts anyway .
Take a look at this screen then ( click on the image to see a full - sized version ) :
The green progress bar in the background ?
That actually was animated , showing me ( very quickly ) a list of the various files it was “ scanning ” ( quite realistic looking ) .
The expectedly devastating result , popping up in a very convincing looking WinXP themed ' window ' :
My poor Ubuntu box was apparently riddled with Windows - only malware .
Fortunately , the kind folks from that site offered to fix that for me .
For FREE no less !
Clicking anywhere on that page resulted in some more helpful information , just before the download of an EXE file started .
But of course , because I run GNU / Linux , I am merely offered the option to run this piece of malware under Wine !
The resulting screenshot therefore was so funny ( use Wine to run malware ! ) , I just had to capture and share it ( again , click on the image for a full - sized version ) :
It 's easy to laugh about this , and it's also easy to make fun of those people who fall victim to these kinds of scams , or to go on about Windows being insecure .
But we have to keep in mind that most users of the Windows computers out there are not technical , and that this site was well made and looked quite convincing .
Similar scams targeted at other OSs would likely have the same chance to succeed if presented to a user of similar technical skill level .
Other related posts :
A commenter on my post pre-announcing Why C++
Is Not Our Favorite Programming Language asked “ esr , from the perspective of a graybeard , which chapters did you consider good and which chapters did you consider bad ? ”
( Technical note : I do not in fact have a beard , and if I did it would not be gray . )
Good question , and worthy of a blog entry .
I was the first technical reviewer for the manuscript of this book back when it was in preparation — IDG published it , but I think it was passed to me through MIT Press .
As I noted in the same comment thread , I worked hard at trying to persuade the authors to tone down the spleen level in favor of making a stronger technical case , but did n’t have much success .
They wanted to rant , and by Ghod they were gonna rant , and no mere reviewer was gonna stop â€˜em .
I ’ve thought this was a shame ever since .
I am , of course , a long - time Unix fan ; I ’d hardly have written The Art of Unix Programming otherwise .
I thought a book that soberly administered some salutary and well - directed shocks to the Unix community would be a good thing ; instead , many of their good points were obscured by surrounding drifts of misdirected snark .
You can browse the Handbook itself here .
What follows is my appraisal of how it reads 14 years later , written in real - time as I reread it .
After the chapter - by - chapter re-review I ’ll sum up and make some general remarks .
Introduction
I have a lot of respect for Don Norman , but he did not write this on one of his better days .
The attempts at intentional humor mostly fall flat .
And “ … now that ’s an oxymoron , a graphical user interface for Unix ” looks unintentionally humorous in 2008 .
Otherwise there ’s very little content here .
Preface
Similarly unfortunate .
Sets the tone for too much of the rest of the book , being mostly hyperbolic snark when it could have been useful criticism .
Very dated snark , too , in today ’s environment of Linuxes wrapped in rather slick GUIs .
The anecdotes about terminal sessions on Sun hardware from 1987 look pretty creaky and crabby today .
The authors write : “ It ’s tempting to write us off as envious malcontents , romantic keepers of memories of systems put to pasture by the commercial success of Unix , but it would be an error to do so : our judgments are keen , our sense of the possible pure , and our outrage authentic . ”
I know and rather like some of the authors , so it actually makes me a little sad to report that fourteen years later , writing them off this way is easier than ever .
Anti-Foreword :
Dennis Ritchie ’s rejoinder is still funny , and his opening and concluding words are still an accurate judgment on the book as a whole :
I have succumbed to the temptation you offered in your preface : I do write you off as envious malcontents and romantic keepers of memories .
The systems you remember so fondly [… ] are not just out to pasture , they are fertilizing it from below . […
Y ] our book is a pudding stuffed with apposite observations , many well - conceived .
Like excrement , it contains enough undigested nuggets of nutrition to sustain life for some .
But it is not a tasty pie : it reeks too much of contempt and of envy .
Chapter 1 – Unix : The World ’s First Computer Virus
About equal parts of history and polemic , history not new , polemic cleverly written but not very interesting once you get through chuckling at the verbal pyrotechnics .
The stuff on the standards wars is really dated now .
And no mention of Linux , which had just acquired TCP / IP support the year this was written and already had a thriving community .
No one can blame the authors for not foreseeing 2008 , but it ’s as though they were mentally stuck in the 1980s , oblivious to the reality of 1994 .
Chapter 2 – Welcome , New User !
There is some fair criticism in here .
Yes , Unix command names are cryptic and this is a UI issue — mitigated a lot in 2008 by the presence of GUIs that no longer suck , but still an issue .
Quality of documentation still ai n’t so great , and comprehensible and useful feedback when commands fail is something Linux applications could stand to be a lot better at .
But these are problems almost everywhere , not just in Unix - land ; it seems a bit unfair to reproach Unix for special sinfulness on their account .
On other points they do less well .
“ Consistency and predictability in how commands behave and in how they interpret their options and arguments ” sounds very nice , but the first part is impossible ( different commands have to behave differently because they solve different problems ) and the second is more a gripe about shell wildcard expansion than anything else .
Sorry , no sale ; it ’s too useful .
If you do n’t like the way rm * works , go fire up a GUI file manager .
Then there ’s a lot of flamage about Unix developers being supposedly content to write shoddy programs .
Neither true nor interesting , just more hyperbolic snark obscuring the points on which they have a point .
There are some good nuggets in this chapter , but on balance digging through the excrement to find them does not seem worth it .
Chapter 3 – Documentation ?
What Documentation ?
Yes , man ( 1 ) is still clunky and man pages are still references , not tutorials .
This is n’t news in 2008 , and was n’t in 1994 , either .
The difference is that in 2008 the man pages style they ’re excoriating is less of a blocker ; we have the Web and search engines now .
Their fling at “ the source code is the documentation ” has got some unintentional irony since open source happened .
Gripes about obsolete shells do n’t add much , if anything , to the discussion .
Much that ’s true in this chapter , but almost nothing that ’s still useful or novel in 2008 .
Mail : Do n’t Talk to Me , I ’m Not a Typewriter
This is mostly a rant against sendmail .
Most of the criticism is justified .
A lot of Linux distributions default to using Postfix these days , and the percentage is increasing ; end of story .
Chapter 5 – Snoozenet : I Post , Therefore I Am
USENET is not exactly dead , but these days it ’s mainly a relay channel for p2 p media sharing and porn .
There ’s some stuff in this chapter of interest to historians of hackerdom , but nothing relevant to current conditions .
Chapter 6 – Terminal Insanity :
This chapter has dated really badly .
To a good first approximation there simply are n’t any actual VDTs any more ; one sees a few on obsolete point - of - sale systems , but that ’s about it .
It ’s all terminal emulators or the OS console driver , they all speak VT100 / ANSI , end of story , end of problem .
There ’s an attempt at an architectural point buried in the snark .
Yes , it would have been really nice if Unix kernels had presented a uniform screen - painting API rather than leaving the job to a userspace library like curses ( 3 ) .
But — and I speak as an expert here , having implemented large parts of ncurses , the open - source emulation of it — moving all that complexity to kernel level would basically have solved nothing .
The fundamental problem was that Unix ( unlike the earlier systems these guys were romantically pining for ) needed to talk to lots of VDTs that did n’t identify themselves to the system ( so you could n’t autoconfigure them ) and the different VDT types had complicatedly different command sets .
The stuff that curses did had to exist somewhere , and its capability databases ; putting it in a service library in userspace at least guaranteed that bugs in this rather tricky code would not crash the system .
But this is yesterday ’s issue ; the VDT is dead , and the problems they ’re griping about dead along with it .
Chapter 7 – The X - Windows Disaster
This chapter begins unfortunately , with complaints about X’s performance and memory usage that seem rather quaint when comparing it to the applications of 14 years later .
It continues with a fling at the sparseness of X applications circa 1990 which is unintentionally funny when read from within evince on a Linux desktop also hosting the Emacs instance I ’m writing in , a toolbar with about a dozen applets on it , and a Web browser .
I judge that the authors ’ rejection of mechanism / policy separation as a guiding principle of X was foundationally mistaken .
I argued in The Art of Unix Programming that this principle gives X an ability to adapt to new technologies and new thinking about UI that no competitor has ever matched .
I still think that ’s true .
But not all the feces flung in this chapter is misdirected ;
Motif really did suck pretty badly , it ’s a good thing it ’s dead .
ICCCM is about as horrible as the authors describe , but that ’s hard to notice these days because modern toolkits and window managers do a pretty good job of hiding the ugliness from applications .
Though it ’s not explicitly credited , I ’m fairly sure most of this chapter was written by Don Hopkins .
Don is a wizard hacker and a good man who got caught on the wrong side of history , investing a lot of effort in Sun ’s NeWS just before it got steamrollered by X , and this chapter is best read as the same bitter lament for NeWS I heard from him face to face in the late 1980s .
Don may have been right , architecturally speaking .
But X did not win by accident ; it clobbered NeWS essentially because it was open source while NeWS was not .
In the 20 years after 1987 that meant enough people put in enough work that X got un - broken , notably when Keith Packard came back after 2001 and completely rewrote the rendering core .
The nasty resources system is pretty much bypassed by modern toolkits .
X - extension hell and the device portability problems the authors were so aggrieved by turned out to be a temporary phenomenon while people were still working on understanding the 2D - graphics problem space .
That having been said , Olin Shivers ’s rant about xauth is still pretty funny and I ’m glad I have n’t had to use it in years .
Chapter 8 – csh , pipes , and find : Power Tools for Power Fools
Of the “ plethora of incompatible shells ” they anatomize in the first part of this chapter ( including the csh in the chapter title ) , most are basically dead ; the bash shell won .
Accordingly , a lot of this chapter is just archaeology , known to old farts like me but about as relevant to present - day Linux or Unix users as Ptolemaic epicycles .
The portability problem in shell programming is almost , though not quite , as historical now .
Languages like Perl and Python have replaced the kind of fragile shell scripting the authors fling at — in fact , that ’s why they ’re called scripting languages .
The authors anticipated this development :
At the risk of sounding like a hopeless dream keeper of the intergalactic space , we submit that the correct model is procedure call ( either local or remote ) in a language that allows first - class structures ( which C gained during its adolescence ) and functional composition .
I give them credit , they were right about this .
It seems curious , though , that they exhibited no knowledge of Perl ; it had already been supplying exactly this sort of thing in public view for some years in 1994 .
The end - of - chapter rant on find ( 1 ) is still funny .
Chapter 9 – Programming : Hold Still , This Wo n’t Hurt a Bit
It is a shame that the authors are so quick to dismiss the Unix toolkit as a primitive toybox in this chapter , because that jaundiced error gives Unix programmers an excellent excuse to ignore the parts the authors got right .
To point out a first and relatively minor example , the use of tabs in make really was a botch that ought to serve as a horripilating example to tool designers .
More generally , many of their points about C and its associated assumptions and toolchains are well taken .
Yes , all those fixed - length - buffer assumptions are an indictment of weak tools and bad habits formed by them .
Yes , LISP would have been a better alternative .
Yes , exception - catching is an important thing to have .
We did n’t get LISP .
We got Python , though .
I could have cited Perl and Tcl , too , but they are n’t as close to being LISP ( see Peter Norvig ’s detailed argument that Python is Scheme with funky syntax . )
My point here is not to advocate Python , it ’s to observe that the Unix community noticed that C was inadequate and addressed the problem .
If the statistics on Freshmeat are to be believed , more new projects now get started in scripting languages than in C .
Gradually , in a messy and evolutionary way , the Unix community is teaching itself the lesson that the authors of this chapter wanted to give it .
I agree with them that it could have happened faster and should have happened sooner .
I ’d say this chapter had dated the least badly of anything in the book , if not for the next one .
Chapter 10 – C++ : The COBOL of the 90s
Though out of date in minor respects ( C++ got namespaces after 1994 , and the authors could n’t address templates because templates had n’t been added yet ) this chapter remains wickedly on target .
The only major error in it is the assumptions that C++ is in the mainline of Unix tradition , was gleefully adopted by Unix programmers en masse , and is therefore an indictment of Unix .
Language usage statistics on open - source hosting sites like SourceForge and Freshmeat convincingly demonstrate otherwise .
Chapter 11 – System Administration : Unix ’s Hidden Cost
This chapter is a remembrance of things past .
When it was written , people still actually used magnetic tape for backups .
It is probably the most dated chapter in the book .
In 2008 my septaguinarian mother uses a Linux machine and , after a handful of calls during the getting - used - to - it period , I ’ve gotten used to not hearing about it for months at a time .
Enough said .
Chapter 12 – Security
Many of the technical criticisms in this chapter remain valid , in the sense that Unix systems still exhibit these behaviors and have these vulnerabilities .
But on another level the chapter is suspended in a curious vacuum ; the authors could not point to an operating system with a better security model or a better security record .
They did n’t even try to write about what they imagined such a system would be like .
The contrast with Chapters 9 and 10 is instructive .
Many of the authors come from a tradition of computer languages ( LISP , Scheme , and friends ) that were in many and significant ways superior to Unix ’s native languages as they existed in 1994 ( the gap has since closed somewhat ) .
They knew what comparative excellence looked like , and could therefore criticize from a grounding in reality .
There is no corresponding way in which the authors can suggest Unix ’s security model and tools could be fundamentally improved .
That ’s because , despite all its flaws , nobody has ever both found and successfully deployed a better model .
Laboratory exercises like capability - based OSes remain tantalizing but not solutions .
The correct rejoinder to this chapter is : “ You ’re right .
Now what ? ” .
Chapter 13 – The File System
Most of the sniping about the performance and reliability of Unix filesystems that is in this chapter is long obsolete .
We ’ve learned about hardening and journaling ; the day of the nightmare fsck session is gone .
The gripes about unreliable and duplicative locking facilities have also passed their sell - by date ; the standards committees did some good work in this area .
The authors ’ critique of the unadorned bag - of - bytes model is not completely without point , however ; as with languages , some of the authors had real - world experience with systems supporting richer semantics and knew what they were talking about .
Some Linux filesystem hackers seem to be groping towards a model in which files are units of transportability that can be streamed , but internally have filesystem - like structure with the ability to embed metadata and multiple data forks .
Others have experimented with database views a la BeOS .
There is probably progress to be made here .
Alas , it wo n’t be helped by the authors ’ persistent habit of burying an ounce of insight in a pound of flamage .
Chapter 14 – NFS : Nightmare File System
Some of the specific bugs described in this chapter have been fixed , but many of the architectural criticisms of NFS made here remain valid ( or at least were still valid the last time I looked closely at NFS ) .
This chapter is still instructive .
Summing Up : What ’s Still Valid Here ?
The original question was : “ which chapters did you consider good and which chapters did you consider bad ? ” .
Let ’s categorize them .
The worst chapters in the book , at least in the sense of being the most dated and content - free for a modern reader , are probably 11 ( Administration ) , 5 ( Snoozenet ) , 6 ( Terminal Insanity ) , 4 ( Mail ) , and 1 ( Unix : The World ’s First Computer Virus ) in about that order of worst worst to least worst .
The chapter with the soundest exposition and the most lessons still to teach is certainly 10 ( C++ ) , followed closely by 14 ( NFS ) .
A few chapters are mostly flamage or obsolete but have a good lesson or two buried in them .
In rough order of descending merit :
The authors were right to argue in chapter 8 that classic shell scripting is fragile and rebarbative , and should be replaced with languages supporting data structures and real procedural composition ; this has in fact largely come to pass .
The knocks on C in Chapter 9 ( Programming ) were justified .
The objections to the pure bag - of - bytes model in Chapter 13 ( The File System ) should provoke a non-dismissive thought or two .
At the bottom of this heap are the few nuggets in Chapter 2 ( Welcome , New User ! ) about spiky command names and proliferated options .
Some chapters tell us things that are true and negative about Unix , but merely rehearse problems that are ( a ) well known in the Unix community , and ( b ) have n’t been solved outside it , either .
It may have made the authors feel better to vent about them , but their doing so has n’t contributed to a solution .
I ’d definitely put 12 ( Security ) and 3 ( Documentation ?
What Documentation ) in that category .
Chapter 7 ( The X - Windows Disaster ) is the hardest for me to categorize .
There ’s still ugliness under the covers in some places they mention , but I think they ’re mistaken both in asserting that the whole system is functionally horrible and in slamming the architecture and design philosophy of the system .
More than ever I see this book as a missed opportunity .
The 14 years since 1994 has been enough time for useful lessons to be absorbed and integrated ; if all the chapters had been up to the level of 10 or 14 , we might have better Unixes than we do today .
Alas that the authors were more interested in parading some inflammatory rhetoric than starting a constructive conversation .
blitz.not.blank ? == !blitz.blank ? # and also == ( not blitz .
blank ? )
not ( blank ? ) ( blitz ) # == blitz.not .
blank ?
not ( blank ? ( blitz ) ) # == not blitz .
blank ?
( model1.blitz != model2.blitz ) != ( not model1.blitz == model2.blitz )
During my presentation at RubyFringe , I put this slide up while talking about “ Adverbs : ” Judging by the fun we had discussing this point later , I really needed a better example or a new idea .
But for thse who are a little curious about where I was trying to go with this …I saw the #not method somewhere , and the point was that the author felt it read better than writing “ !blitz.blank ? ”
As someone pointed out , Ruby also gives us a not keyword , so you could write “ not blitz .
blank ? ” if you prefer the word “ not ” to the punctuation “ !
” So the argument is that : But there ’s another point we ’re missing comparing the word to the punctuation .
Let ’s switch to English and you ’ll see what I mean .
The sentence “ It is not the case that blitz is blank ’ does not mean the same thing as “ blitz has the property of not being blank .
” Whaaaa ?
The key here is to think about where the parentheses go when we parse the two ways to express ourselves .
Imagine “ blank ? ” and “ not ” are functions instead of methods or keyword .
Then two forms would look like this :
Very different .
The first expression passes the blank ?
function to the not function .
The result is another function , the inverse of blank ?
itself , and that ’s what we use .
The second form is our old not keyword , where we pass blitz to out blank function , which presumably returns true or false , and we pass the result to our not function which inverses the boolean .
So in one case we are taking the inverse of a function , in the other we are taking the inverse of a boolean .
This is what I was feeling out with my digression into wondering why Ruby reads from right to left .
We have ways of applying functions to functions , but we do n’t have easy ways of writing methods that alter other methods directly .
And we certainly do n’t have an easy way of sending a message that invokes such a method on an arbitrary object .
I guess I wonder whether we could ever write this blitz .
not ( blank ? ) to express this idea , or perhaps blitz . ( not blank ? ) , or perhaps some other syntax .
But the point would be that we want the inverse of a method , not the inverse of a boolean .
It seems very abstract when we look at something like # not .
blank ? , because the result of an inverted # blank ?
method would usually be identical to the result of inverting its result .
But let ’s consider the case where blitz is actually a proxy for a value in a SQL database column .
So you might have something like “ my_model.blitz.not.blank ? ”
Fair enough ?
Now if you know SQL , I think you will agree that there are times when the following is true :
Although it looks like x.not.eql ? (y ) should always have the same semantics as not x.eql ? (y ) , SQL has special semantics for testing NULLs .
Specifically , NULL is neither = nor <> any other value .
So if you carefully map your proxies to the underlying SQL behaviour , you want the above to have this behaviour .
( For those who are blessed with a lack of SQL in their lives , NULL is a special value that is not the same thing as a Ruby nil .
For example NULL = NULL is false in SQL .
So if we map SQL values to Ruby objects , the following is the case : NULL != anything is false , NULL == anything is also false , therefore not NULL == anything is true , and therefore ( NULL != anything ) != ( not NULL == anything ) .
If this digression into SQL NULLs now makes you regard your current ORM framework with deep suspicion , congratulations .
They all suck , the trick to choosing an ORM is finding one that sucks in ways that are n’t fatal to your project . )
Essentially , Ruby already has a not adverb as a special case for # not== .
#!= is there because sometimes ( not foo == bar ) is not equal to ( foo != bar ) .
However , like many things in Ruby this is a one - off thing .
There is n’t a bang - method construct , #== and #!= are two completely arbitrary symbols that we happen to associate with equality and its inverse .
But maybe if we had a way to derive #!= from #== using a not adverb , maybe if we could write #== and then write a # not for the method , we would be able to do interesting things like replicate SQL ’s trivalent logic more accurately .
We would know that foo .
not < 5 is not the same thing as not foo < 5 , because if foo is a SQL null , foo < 5 is false , as is foo .
not < 5 . And neither throws an exception !
So getting back to the #not method as presented , I do n’t know if it ’s necessary , and if it does nothing more than replicated the exact semantics of the bang punctuation or not keyword it is clearly a matter of taste .
But I do feel that there is a use case for “ adverbs , ” for a way to talk about modifying methods themselves .
Unfortunately , right now the mechanisms for working directly with methods are somewhat arcane and thus we do n’t naturally consider them .
So discussions like this feel very fringe and “ out there .
” But at least now I feel like I have properly explained the not I meant , and not the not I did n’t mean .
McCain is an idiot when it comes to the economy , but that does n’t mean he was fully involved in helping deregulate it .
He was .
McCain was chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee , a key committee in overseeing government regulation of the economy .
And McCain sided , over and over again , with those who would deregulate Wall Street – who DID deregulate Wall Street – helping to cause the current economic meltdown .
America simply can not afford yet another Republican who believes the magic of deregulation will solve all of our problems .
And worse , he believes it because he ’s just not that bright , at least about economic matters .
And with the economy being the number one issue , can we really afford a president whose sum total of experience in this area is his participation in the Keating Five scandal , helping to cause the last banking crisis before this one ?
John McCain likes to remind us that he was a POW .
But he ’s never made clear how his military experience forty years ago will help create jobs and fix the economy .
That ’s because as laudable as it is , it wo n’t .
I ’m slowly switching to Git for my personal projects , and I like it more and more .
And it seems that I can only find nice things to read about it .
So , I ’m wondering : what are the things that you dislike with Git ?
That make you regret / prefer another VCS ?
If Git was redesigned from scratch , what should be changed ?
Mills and Boon bodice rippers get naughty with new porn titles
The latest Mills and Boon offering has a leather - corseted FBI agent who seduces a terrorist
Mills and Boon , publisher of best - selling , bodice - ripping romances , is to publish its first pornographic book .
Its racy new range of Spice titles , already on sale in America , will feature ' sex for enjoyment ' and even include bondage and threesomes .
Gerald Mills and Charles Boon founded their sports and crafts publishers in 1908 and the house managed to last until the 1960s before the first sex scenes between married couples were described on its pages .
Now , 100 years later , one Spice heroine , archaeologist Breezy Malone , becomes a leather - corseted FBI agent to seduce a terrorist in the erotic thriller Spies , Lies and Naked Thighs .
Claire Somerville , the publisher 's marketing director , said : ' It does n't have to be linked to an emotional connection between heroes and heroines . '
She added : ' In the Fifties and Sixties , some of the writers wanted to depict society in a more realistic way .
' One writer ( Jan Tempest ) was told to edit out an illegitimate character .
Divorce and illegitimacy were unacceptable for the Irish market , which is very big for us . '
But it was 1973 before Mills and Boon , which has 35 million titles , referred to masturbation and then only as a ' solitary , inadequate substitute ' for sex .
In 2001 Mills and Boon launched its Blaze imprint , featuring whipped cream , handcuffs and inter-racial lesbianism .
Ms Somerville called the books ' an emotional barometer for Britain in the 20th century ' .
She added : ' You can chart the development of social and sexual mores . '
The explicit Spice titles will go on sale next year published by Harlequin , which bought Mills and Boon in 1971 .
Homeowners delusional on value of property
A home is advertised for sale in Stockton in May 2008 .
A home is advertised for sale in Stockton in May 2008 .
Photo : Marcio Jose Sanchez , AP Photo : Marcio Jose Sanchez , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Homeowners delusional on value of property 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
It could never happen to me .
That 's the common attitude whether the subject is shark attacks , black market organ theft or , apparently , housing price declines .
Despite plummeting values across the nation , 62 percent of homeowners believe their property 's worth has actually climbed or stayed the same during the past year , according to a confidence survey commissioned by real estate Web site Zillow .
In reality , the market price on 77 percent of properties has dropped and only about 24 percent have risen or held firm , the Seattle company estimates .
Residents of western states are only a little less self - deluding .
Fifty - six percent acknowledge the market value of their home fell , while 44 percent believe it maintained or gained worth .
The reality is closer to 88 percent and 12 percent , respectively , Zillow said .
" The results are pretty eye - opening , " company spokeswoman Amy Bohutinsky said .
" They 're taking the attitude of , ' not my house . ' "
The gap reflects the mind 's capacity for denial when , say , evidence suggests someone 's largest single asset lost 20 percent of its worth in a year , said Kit Yarrow , a consumer psychologist at Golden Gate University .
Assisting the denial is the subjective nature of home values , which - unlike most products - do n't come in shiny boxes stamped with a price tag , she said .
" When things are that emotionally powerful and hard to fathom , it 's easy for people to say , well , it 's happening over there , but it 's not happening in my neighborhood , " Yarrow said .
" We do that in many areas of our lives , so it 's not that surprising that we'd do it in our homes . "
There are isolated pockets of relative strength in the marketplace , notably the high - end sector and coastal urban markets , but even in those categories outright price gains have been rare during the last year .
Nearly every aggregate measure of housing prices nationally and locally has shown declines .
A 10 - city composite index of values in major markets dropped 16.9 percent compared with a year ago in May , according to S&P / Case - Shiller .
Prices fell 22.9 percent in the San Francisco metropolitan area , defined as Alameda , Contra Costa , Marin , San Francisco and San Mateo counties , making it the sixth worst - performing region in the country .
Each of the Bay Area 's nine counties saw double - digit median price declines in June , compared with a year earlier , according to DataQuick Information Systems .
For owners who plan to stay put for the next five or so years , a skewed view of their home 's current worth does n't really matter , Bohutinsky said .
Those planning to sell or refinance in the coming months , however , " should really be paying attention and figuring out what sort of impact this has on their own home and taking a dose of reality , " she said .
The Zillow survey of 1,361 homeowners , conducted by Harris Interactive , did n't break out figures for California or the Bay Area specifically .
Malcolm Kaufman , a Realtor with McGuire Real Estate who focuses on San Francisco , said local sellers are generally more informed and realistic about the condition of the market .
That said , he sometimes finds it difficult to convince clients to list their homes at slightly below the going rate , which he believes is the best tactic for generating multiple offers in an environment where people are looking for bargains .
" It 's human nature ( to say ) ' My home 's worth a million dollars , I want to get a million , ' " he said .
Among the survey 's other findings :
-- Seventy - five percent of U.S. homeowners believe their property value will increase or stay the same over the next six months , but only 58 percent believe the same is true for their local market overall .
-- Eighty - two percent expect to see more or about the same number of foreclosures in the next six months , but 48 percent think that homeowners who find themselves in trouble because they took out loans they could n't afford should n't receive government assistance .
By George Friedman
The Russian invasion of Georgia has not changed the balance of power in Eurasia .
It simply announced that the balance of power had already shifted .
The United States has been absorbed in its wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , as well as potential conflict with Iran and a destabilizing situation in Pakistan .
It has no strategic ground forces in reserve and is in no position to intervene on the Russian periphery .
This , as we have argued , has opened a window of opportunity for the Russians to reassert their influence in the former Soviet sphere .
Moscow did not have to concern itself with the potential response of the United States or Europe ; hence , the invasion did not shift the balance of power .
The balance of power had already shifted , and it was up to the Russians when to make this public .
They did that Aug. 8 .
Let 's begin simply by reviewing the last few days .
On the night of Thursday , Aug. 7 , forces of the Republic of Georgia drove across the border of South Ossetia , a secessionist region of Georgia that has functioned as an independent entity since the fall of the Soviet Union .
The forces drove on to the capital , Tskhinvali , which is close to the border .
Georgian forces got bogged down while trying to take the city .
In spite of heavy fighting , they never fully secured the city , nor the rest of South Ossetia .
On the morning of Aug. 8 , Russian forces entered South Ossetia , using armored and motorized infantry forces along with air power .
South Ossetia was informally aligned with Russia , and Russia acted to prevent the region 's absorption by Georgia .
Given the speed with which the Russians responded — within hours of the Georgian attack — the Russians were expecting the Georgian attack and were themselves at their jumping - off points .
The counterattack was carefully planned and competently executed , and over the next 48 hours , the Russians succeeded in defeating the main Georgian force and forcing a retreat .
By Sunday , Aug. 10 , the Russians had consolidated their position in South Ossetia .
On Monday , the Russians extended their offensive into Georgia proper , attacking on two axes .
One was south from South Ossetia to the Georgian city of Gori .
The other drive was from Abkhazia , another secessionist region of Georgia aligned with the Russians .
This drive was designed to cut the road between the Georgian capital of Tbilisi and its ports .
By this point , the Russians had bombed the military airfields at Marneuli and Vaziani and appeared to have disabled radars at the international airport in Tbilisi .
These moves brought Russian forces to within 40 miles of the Georgian capital , while making outside reinforcement and resupply of Georgian forces extremely difficult should anyone wish to undertake it .
The Mystery Behind the Georgian Invasion
In this simple chronicle , there is something quite mysterious :
Why did the Georgians choose to invade South Ossetia on Thursday night ?
There had been a great deal of shelling by the South Ossetians of Georgian villages for the previous three nights , but while possibly more intense than usual , artillery exchanges were routine .
The Georgians might not have fought well , but they committed fairly substantial forces that must have taken at the very least several days to deploy and supply .
Georgia 's move was deliberate .
The United States is Georgia 's closest ally .
It maintained about 130 military advisers in Georgia , along with civilian advisers , contractors involved in all aspects of the Georgian government and people doing business in Georgia .
It is inconceivable that the Americans were unaware of Georgia 's mobilization and intentions .
It is also inconceivable that the Americans were unaware that the Russians had deployed substantial forces on the South Ossetian frontier .
U.S. technical intelligence , from satellite imagery and signals intelligence to unmanned aerial vehicles , could not miss the fact that thousands of Russian troops were moving to forward positions .
The Russians clearly knew the Georgians were ready to move .
How could the United States not be aware of the Russians ?
Indeed , given the posture of Russian troops , how could intelligence analysts have missed the possibility that the Russians had laid a trap , hoping for a Georgian invasion to justify its own counterattack ?
It is very difficult to imagine that the Georgians launched their attack against U.S. wishes .
The Georgians rely on the United States , and they were in no position to defy it .
This leaves two possibilities .
The first is a massive breakdown in intelligence , in which the United States either was unaware of the existence of Russian forces , or knew of the Russian forces but — along with the Georgians — miscalculated Russia 's intentions .
The second is that the United States , along with other countries , has viewed Russia through the prism of the 1990s , when the Russian military was in shambles and the Russian government was paralyzed .
The United States has not seen Russia make a decisive military move beyond its borders since the Afghan war of the 1970s - 1980s .
The Russians had systematically avoided such moves for years .
The United States had assumed that the Russians would not risk the consequences of an invasion .
If this was the case , then it points to the central reality of this situation :
The Russians had changed dramatically , along with the balance of power in the region .
They welcomed the opportunity to drive home the new reality , which was that they could invade Georgia and the United States and Europe could not respond .
As for risk , they did not view the invasion as risky .
Militarily , there was no counter .
Economically , Russia is an energy exporter doing quite well — indeed , the Europeans need Russian energy even more than the Russians need to sell it to them .
Politically , as we shall see , the Americans needed the Russians more than the Russians needed the Americans .
Moscow 's calculus was that this was the moment to strike .
The Russians had been building up to it for months , as we have discussed , and they struck .
The Western Encirclement of Russia
To understand Russian thinking , we need to look at two events .
The first is the Orange Revolution in Ukraine .
From the U.S. and European point of view , the Orange Revolution represented a triumph of democracy and Western influence .
From the Russian point of view , as Moscow made clear , the Orange Revolution was a CIA - funded intrusion into the internal affairs of Ukraine , designed to draw Ukraine into NATO and add to the encirclement of Russia .
U.S. Presidents George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton had promised the Russians that NATO would not expand into the former Soviet Union empire .
That promise had already been broken in 1998 by NATO 's expansion to Poland , Hungary and the Czech Republic — and again in the 2004 expansion , which absorbed not only the rest of the former Soviet satellites in what is now Central Europe , but also the three Baltic states , which had been components of the Soviet Union .
The Russians had tolerated all that , but the discussion of including Ukraine in NATO represented a fundamental threat to Russia 's national security .
It would have rendered Russia indefensible and threatened to destabilize the Russian Federation itself .
When the United States went so far as to suggest that Georgia be included as well , bringing NATO deeper into the Caucasus , the Russian conclusion — publicly stated — was that the United States in particular intended to encircle and break Russia .
The second and lesser event was the decision by Europe and the United States to back Kosovo 's separation from Serbia .
The Russians were friendly with Serbia , but the deeper issue for Russia was this :
The principle of Europe since World War II was that , to prevent conflict , national borders would not be changed .
If that principle were violated in Kosovo , other border shifts — including demands by various regions for independence from Russia — might follow .
The Russians publicly and privately asked that Kosovo not be given formal independence , but instead continue its informal autonomy , which was the same thing in practical terms .
Russia 's requests were ignored .
From the Ukrainian experience , the Russians became convinced that the United States was engaged in a plan of strategic encirclement and strangulation of Russia .
From the Kosovo experience , they concluded that the United States and Europe were not prepared to consider Russian wishes even in fairly minor affairs .
That was the breaking point .
If Russian desires could not be accommodated even in a minor matter like this , then clearly Russia and the West were in conflict .
For the Russians , as we said , the question was how to respond .
Having declined to respond in Kosovo , the Russians decided to respond where they had all the cards : in South Ossetia .
Moscow had two motives , the lesser of which was as a tit - for - tat over Kosovo .
If Kosovo could be declared independent under Western sponsorship , then South Ossetia and Abkhazia , the two breakaway regions of Georgia , could be declared independent under Russian sponsorship .
Any objections from the United States and Europe would simply confirm their hypocrisy .
This was important for internal Russian political reasons , but the second motive was far more important .
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin once said that the fall of the Soviet Union was a geopolitical disaster .
This did n't mean that he wanted to retain the Soviet state ; rather , it meant that the disintegration of the Soviet Union had created a situation in which Russian national security was threatened by Western interests .
As an example , consider that during the Cold War , St. Petersburg was about 1,200 miles away from a NATO country .
Today it is about 60 miles away from Estonia , a NATO member .
The disintegration of the Soviet Union had left Russia surrounded by a group of countries hostile to Russian interests in various degrees and heavily influenced by the United States , Europe and , in some cases , China .
Resurrecting the Russian Sphere
Putin did not want to re-establish the Soviet Union , but he did want to re-establish the Russian sphere of influence in the former Soviet Union region .
To accomplish that , he had to do two things .
First , he had to re-establish the credibility of the Russian army as a fighting force , at least in the context of its region .
Second , he had to establish that Western guarantees , including NATO membership , meant nothing in the face of Russian power .
He did not want to confront NATO directly , but he did want to confront and defeat a power that was closely aligned with the United States , had U.S. support , aid and advisers and was widely seen as being under American protection .
Georgia was the perfect choice .
By invading Georgia as Russia did ( competently if not brilliantly ) , Putin re-established the credibility of the Russian army .
But far more importantly , by doing this Putin revealed an open secret :
While the United States is tied down in the Middle East , American guarantees have no value .
This lesson is not for American consumption .
It is something that , from the Russian point of view , the Ukrainians , the Balts and the Central Asians need to digest .
Indeed , it is a lesson Putin wants to transmit to Poland and the Czech Republic as well .
The United States wants to place ballistic missile defense installations in those countries , and the Russians want them to understand that allowing this to happen increases their risk , not their security .
The Russians knew the United States would denounce their attack .
This actually plays into Russian hands .
The more vocal senior leaders are , the greater the contrast with their inaction , and the Russians wanted to drive home the idea that American guarantees are empty talk .
The Russians also know something else that is of vital importance : For the United States , the Middle East is far more important than the Caucasus , and Iran is particularly important .
The United States wants the Russians to participate in sanctions against Iran .
Even more importantly , they do not want the Russians to sell weapons to Iran , particularly the highly effective S - 300 air defense system .
Georgia is a marginal issue to the United States ; Iran is a central issue .
The Russians are in a position to pose serious problems for the United States not only in Iran , but also with weapons sales to other countries , like Syria .
Therefore , the United States has a problem — it either must reorient its strategy away from the Middle East and toward the Caucasus , or it has to seriously limit its response to Georgia to avoid a Russian counter in Iran .
Even if the United States had an appetite for another war in Georgia at this time , it would have to calculate the Russian response in Iran — and possibly in Afghanistan ( even though Moscow 's interests there are currently aligned with those of Washington ) .
In other words , the Russians have backed the Americans into a corner .
The Europeans , who for the most part lack expeditionary militaries and are dependent upon Russian energy exports , have even fewer options .
If nothing else happens , the Russians will have demonstrated that they have resumed their role as a regional power .
Russia is not a global power by any means , but a significant regional power with lots of nuclear weapons and an economy that is n't all too shabby at the moment .
It has also compelled every state on the Russian periphery to re-evaluate its position relative to Moscow .
As for Georgia , the Russians appear ready to demand the resignation of President Mikhail Saakashvili .
Militarily , that is their option .
That is all they wanted to demonstrate , and they have demonstrated it .
The war in Georgia , therefore , is Russia 's public return to great power status .
This is not something that just happened — it has been unfolding ever since Putin took power , and with growing intensity in the past five years .
Part of it has to do with the increase of Russian power , but a great deal of it has to do with the fact that the Middle Eastern wars have left the United States off - balance and short on resources .
As we have written , this conflict created a window of opportunity .
The Russian goal is to use that window to assert a new reality throughout the region while the Americans are tied down elsewhere and dependent on the Russians .
The war was far from a surprise ; it has been building for months .
But the geopolitical foundations of the war have been building since 1992 .
Russia has been an empire for centuries .
The last 15 years or so were not the new reality , but simply an aberration that would be rectified .
And now it is being rectified .
August 27 , 2008
Jason Bermas welcomes former Reagan administration official Dr. Paul Craig Roberts who is predicting that the neo-conservatives are on track to start a thermonuclear war with the Soviet Union and that a single strike on Washington by a Soviet SS 18 Missle ( photo right ) on Washington DC would kill everyone as far south as Atlanta , Georgia because of the massive amounts of radiation that would be released .
( Danger Will Robinson ! )
17:50 3.06MB
Infowars | The Alex Jones Show
Additional Paul Craig Roberts Media :
http://www.radiodujour.com/people/roberts_paul_craig/
John McCain still Seriously Considering Joe Lieberman as Running Mate
As if conservatives needed yet another reason to turn their backs on the man that turned his back on conservatives , we find out that John McCain is seriously considering Joe Lieberman as his running mate .
John McCain is seriously considering choosing a pro-abortion - rights running mate despite vocal resistance from conservatives , with former Democratic vice presidential nominee Joseph I. Lieberman ( I - Conn . ) very much in the mix , close McCain advisers say .
Despite vocal resistance from conservatives , now that ’s a big fucking surprise , huh ?
This man has made his name by bucking vocal conservatives positions , why would he stop now .
That is why this whole attempt by President Obama to tie McCain to Bush is so laughable .
The only people who buy into the notion that McCain would be serving a third Bush term are the far left moonbats who would never vote for McCain anyway .
He is not going to get new votes with that angle and this story is just another example of why .
Multiple GOP sources say that party officials in Washington and in the states have been contacted by the McCain campaign in the past two weeks and asked about the fallout from such a choice .
One person familiar with the calls said the party was being instructed to prepare for different candidate prototypes — including one in the mold of Lieberman , who is an independent but still caucuses with the Democrats .
John McCain is still pandering to the left to try and gain their votes , he is so arrogant that he believe conservatives will just fall in line .
Maybe some will and maybe I would except that I am stubborn and I refuse to just fall in line , especially when someone as arrogant as McCain thinks that I will .
I will blank the presidential portion of the ballot just to spite this man .
But GOP sources say McCain and his close friend Sen. Lindsey Graham ( R - S.C. ) still have n’t given up hope on making what some believe would be a game - changing decision by tapping Lieberman .
It certainly will be game changing , but it will backfire on McCain and it will change the game into President Obama ’s favor .
Many conservatives are still planning on holding their noses and voting for this fraud but if he chooses Lieberman that all bets are off .
Many conservative are still undecided about whether they are going to vote for McCain or not and are waiting to see who he picks as a running mate .
You can kiss those votes goodbye .
Senator McCain stands to lose more votes than he gains by choosing the man who was once Al Gore ’s running mate .
He is once again ignoring his base and pandering to people who are never going to vote for him anyway .
President Obama has nothing is unable to gain any traction in a race he should be running away with , but this will be just what he needs to extend the gap between he and McCain .
“ Lieberman would blow things up , ” said the American Conservative Union ’s David Keene .
“ That would be like Obama picking some right - winger that agrees with him on one thing . ”
That is exactly right .
How fast would the moonbats abandon President Obama under that circumstance ?
They would be like cockroaches when the light is turned on .
And the same should happen to McCain if he does something this stupid .
How the fuck did we ever get stuck with this turncoat as our nominee ?
Damn you New Hampshire , damn you to hell .
EPA 's New Google Earth Mash - Up of Renewable Energy Resources on Contaminated Lands
September 29th , 2008 by Timothy B. Hurst
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) has released a Google Earth - based interactive website that pinpoints opportunities for solar , wind or biomass siting on contaminated properties .
The site combines the Google Earth platform with an EPA database that lists each property ’s attributes for renewable energy development .
According to the EPA , many lands tracked by the agency , such as large Superfund sites , and mining sites offer thousands of acres of land , and may be situated in areas where the presence of wind and solar structures are less likely to be met with aesthetic , and therefore political , opposition .
Many EPA tracked lands are in areas where traditional redevelopment may not be an option because the site may be remote , or have difficult environmental conditions that are not well suited for traditional redevelopment such as residential or commercial .
These EPA tracked lands also have key infrastructure already in place .
Existing electric transmission lines and capacity , as well as roads , criss - cross many of the landscapes .
In addition , most of the areas are adequately zoned for such development .
There are approximately 480,000 sites and almost 15 million acres of potentially contaminated properties across the United States that are tracked by EPA .
Maps for these six types of energy , as well as non -grid connected wind and photovoltaic solar energy , for the entire nation are also available :
* EPA Tracked Sites with Utility Scale Wind Energy Generation Potential
* EPA Tracked Sites with Community Wind Energy Generation Potential
* EPA Tracked Sites with Utility Scale Concentrated Solar Power ( CSP ) Energy Generation Potential
* EPA Tracked Sites with Utility Scale Photovoltaic ( PV ) Solar Energy Generation Potential
* EPA Tracked Sites with Biopower Facility Siting Potential
* EPA Tracked Sites with Biorefinery Facility Siting Potential
* EPA Tracked Sites with Non-Grid Connected Wind Energy Generation Potential
* EPA Tracked Sites with Non-Grid Connected Photovoltaic ( PV ) Solar Energy Generation Potential
Other posts on the EPA at Green Options :
EPA Drafts Rule for Carbon Sequestration
EPA to Give Factory Farms a Free Pass on Emissions
Why Is the EPA Reaching Out ? : Red , Green , and Blue
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Algsörjan på väg mot land
Av : Rikard Ljungqvist
Publicerad : 27 juli 2008 kl. 00.00
Uppdaterad : 11 mars 2011 kl. 01.11
Foto : Foto : RÄDDNINGSHELIKOPTER
907 / SJÖFARTSVERKET
ÖSTERSJÖN I GÅR En båt ( mitten av bilden ) tar sig sakta igenom algbältet som nu nått kusten .
Hand i hand med den tryckande Medelhavsvärmen sköljer massiva algmattor in mot Östkusten .
Så här såg Östersjön ut i går , en mil från kusten i höjd med Norrköping .
LIFEGUARD 907
De här två upptäckte algernas invasion .
Mats Sandberg ( till vänster ) och Rickard Gillberg som tog bilden .
Grönslemmiga bälten har nu nått ända in mot strandkanten över så gott som hela östra Svealand och stora delar av östra Götaland .
Värst i Stockholm
I Stockholms skärgård är blomningen värst kring Sandhamn och vid Träskö - Storö in mot Alholma .
– Algtäcket kommer kanske att öka något under de närmaste dagarna , säger SMHI :s oceanograf Pia Andersson .
Hon uppmanar till extra koll på barn och hundar , som kan bli sjuka av att få i sig det förorenade vattnet .
Experten varnar
Experttipset lyder : kan man inte se fötterna i knädjupt vatten bör man avstå badet .
Och så länge kanonvädret håller i sig lär algerna stanna kvar .
Vilket blir ett tag till .
– Det ser ut att förbli ungefär lika varmt åtminstone en vecka framåt , säger SMHI :s meteorolog Gunvor Wettersten .
1 av 5
Så här snabbt har algerna brett ut sig
KOPIERA LÄNK
By JR Raphael
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
They ’re billed as an international security solution , but the high - tech electronic passports developed after 9/11 may be easier to forge than their ink - and - paper counterparts .
The passports , issued by the U.S. and 44 other countries , feature embedded microchips that contain the owner ’s data .
They were designed to boost protection against identity fraud and , ultimately , terrorism .
Now , though , a British computer engineer says he ’s found a way to clone the chips , modify the data , and turn them into fake identities — all within a matter of minutes .
The discovery comes from a set of tests commissioned by The Times .
The paper had the engineer copy two British passports , then switch out the real owners ’ photos with ones of Osama bin Laden and a female suicide bomber .
The hacked chips were then tested with the same software used to validate the passports at airport security checkpoints — and they passed .
The finding is a stark contrast to the government ’s claims that the chips are foolproof :
“ The new passports use Public Key Infrastructure ( PKI ) technology that prevents the information stored on the chip from being altered , ” the U.S. Department of State web site says .
“ It provides a more sophisticated means to confirm that the traveler is the rightful holder of the passport and that the passport is authentic , thus deterring would - be passport / identity thieves . ”
So how could this be ?
It ’s not as complicated as it might sound .
It turns out only five of the 45 countries using the e-passports actually have the Public Key system in place , The Times points out .
That means the “ international database ” that the software is checking is — well , relatively data - free .
Even the countries that have the system up and running are only sharing passport information with a handful of other nations .
And the 40 countries that do n’t have it at all yet ?
They ’d have no way of telling if a foreign passport were forged .
The real - world concern would be someone getting ahold of your passport — say , when you hand it over as a form of ID — then quickly cloning the chip before giving it back to you .
At that point , all they ’d have to do is swap out their picture and fingerprints for yours , then they could be traveling the world with your identity .
The UK’s Home Office is taking the stance of denial , saying no one has actually demonstrated that they can hack into the chips .
Riiiiiiight .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - American International Group ’s deal with the government is a bankruptcy liquidation in all but name , and the $ 85 billion it has borrowed may not be enough extra money to pay off all its obligations , particularly in its derivatives books .
AIG had $ 971.7 billion of liabilities at the end of June , but a subsidiary also has about $ 447 billion of credit derivatives on its books .
That compares with a little more than $ 1 trillion of assets .
There is a real question mark around the credit derivatives .
The $ 447 billion is the amount of principal the company has protected , but how that translates to actual losses is difficult to forecast without detail about the real risk .
But even if AIG does not ultimately make payouts on the credit default contracts , it could have to post more collateral and write down the derivatives as markets gyrate .
Financial companies have continually underestimated their potential risk during the credit crisis , and this time may not be different .
“ There is substantial risk in that credit derivatives book , ” said Sean Egan , co-founder of rating agency Egan - Jones Rating Co. AIG declined to comment .
The government has a major role in AIG ’s operations now -- it essentially named a new chief executive , Edward Liddy , and owns nearly 80 percent of the company ’s stock .
But the government is widely expected to sell off AIG ’s assets to get its money back , rather than aggressively pursue new business , because the United States ’ main priority is to get its money back , rather than to maximize profit for shareholders , experts said .
“ I ca n’t imagine they ’ll be in business creation mode , ” said Dan Alpert , a banker at Westwood Capital in New York .
Customers , meanwhile , are likely to try to reduce their business with AIG .
Worried clients in Singapore thronged the office of an AIG unit earlier this week to try to redeem their policies .
Press reports said the same happened elsewhere in Asia , one of AIG ’s most important markets .
“ To say that confidence has been shaken is an understatement .
In the insurance business , trust is of the utmost importance , ” said Walter Todd , portfolio manager at Greenwood Capital Associates in Greenwood , South Carolina .
In other words , AIG ca n’t grow out of its problems , and will in fact likely be forced to shrink .
But selling off assets to meet obligations is difficult when most other financial institutions around the world are reducing the assets , depressing valuations .
When it ’s all said and done , AIG might not have enough assets to meet its obligations , which is why the company ’s corporate bonds are trading at less than 50 cents on the dollar , analysts said .
“ Attorneys will spend the next five years sorting through this mess , ” said Egan - Jones ’ Egan .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Lehman Brothers suffered its worst quarterly loss since going public , reporting a loss of nearly $ 4 billion Wednesday , and announced a series of drastic steps aimed at reviving the beleaguered firm .
Among those changes were plans by the firm to spin - off part of its commercial real estate assets , sell a majority stake of its investment management division and slash its annual dividend .
Following a wild market session Tuesday in which Lehman ( LEH , Fortune 500 ) shares plunged 45 % to their lowest levels in nearly a decade , the investment bank said it lost $ 3.9 billion during the fiscal third - quarter , or $ 5.92 a share .
The results , which were released more than a week in advance to help quell fears about the firm 's underlying health , were the company 's second consecutive loss and exceeded Lehman 's $ 2.8 billion second - quarter loss announced in June .
Lehman Chairman and CEO Richard Fuld Jr. described the quarter as " one of the toughest periods " in the 158 - year old firm 's history .
Just a year ago , Lehman Brothers , along with the rest of the broader banking industry were in the early days of the credit crisis .
In last year 's third quarter , Lehman reported a profit of $ 870 million , or $ 1.54 a share .
Analysts were bracing for bad numbers from Lehman , as well as its crosstown rivals Goldman Sachs ( GS , Fortune 500 ) and Morgan Stanley ( MS , Fortune 500 ) , due to sluggish investment banking activity and weakness in stock markets around the globe .
But Wednesday 's results surpassed those expectations as consensus estimates anticipated the firm to report a $ 1.99 billion loss , or $ 3.35 a share , according to Thomson Reuters .
Lehman shares , which have plunged nearly 88 % so far this year , fell nearly 3 % Wednesday morning .
A smaller and ' de - risked ' Lehman
While sluggish investment banking activity and $ 7.8 billion worth of writedowns weighed on the company 's results , top Lehman execs , including Fuld , blamed the abysmal quarterly numbers on the attempts to shore up the company 's books .
During the quarter , the company said it drastically slimmed down both its commercial and residential real estate holdings by selling billions of dollars worth of assets as part of the multi-prong restructuring plan announced Wednesday .
Lehman said it reduced its residential real estate holdings by nearly a half .
Part of that included the planned sale of about $ 4 billion worth of U.K. residential real estate .
Lehman said it was working with asset manager BlackRock ( BLK , Fortune 500 ) on the sale and expected it to be completed in the coming weeks .
Similarly , the Wall Street firm announced it would spin off the majority of the company 's commercial real estate assets into a new , separate public company dubbed Real Estate Investments Global as part of an effort to " derisk " the balance sheet , Fuld said .
While a deal had not been finalized , the company added that it planned to sell a majority interest in its investment management division , which includes the profitable money manager Neuberger Berman .
Lehman said it was in advanced discussions with a number of potential partners and that it expected to announce details of the deal " in due course . "
Speculation about a break - up of Lehman have persisted in recent months , including talk that the company would shed its profitable Neuberger Berman money management unit to raise cash .
Also , in an effort to save $ 450 million , Lehman said it planned to reduce its annual dividend to 5 cents per share from 68 cents .
" Lehman is being forced to make hard decisions now that the various options on the table have narrowed and balance sheet concerns start to bite , " Cubillas Ding , a senior analyst with with financial research firm Celent , wrote in a research note Wednesday .
Putting the rumor mill to rest
The fate of Lehman Brothers has been the subject of much market discussion in recent months following the near collapse of Bear Stearns , which was subsequently sold to JPMorgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) at a fire sale price .
On Tuesday , Lehman shares plummeted following a report by Dow Jones that indicated talks between Lehman and Korea Development Bank had ended .
It had been widely speculated in recent weeks that the state - run KDB was interested in buying a stake in Lehman .
The stock fell even further Tuesday after credit ratings agency Standard & Poor 's said it was placing Lehman on its CreditWatch list with negative implications , suggesting that S&P may cut its rating on Lehman 's debt .
Lehman 's problems have proven more acute than some of its peers as a result of bad investments in the U.S. commercial and mortgage market such as the apartment developer Archstone .
In June , following the company 's first loss , Lehman silenced many of those critics by announcing plans to raise $ 6 billion in capital by selling stock .
At that time , investors were not only questioning the company 's accounting but speculating that Lehman may have to sell part or even all of itself to another financial firm .
But some of that speculation persisted in the months that followed .
Most recently , there have been news reports that other large global financial institutions besides KDB were eyeing an investment in the U.S. firm , including Tokyo Mitsubishi Bank as well as a group of investors led by the British bank HSBC ( HBC ) .
Lehman chief
Fuld told analysts on a conference call Wednesday that he would bring any attractive proposition to the company 's directors provided it offered a compelling value for shareholders .
Fuld , who has faced increasing pressure to take action amid all the uncertainty about the firm 's future , said such speculation and the intense public scrutiny the company has faced in recent weeks has caused " significant distractions " to not only clients and counterparties but employees as well .
But he was quick to point out that morale at the firm remained strong and that employee turnover was nothing " abnormal . "
He added that Lehman 's board continued to be supportive .
" We have a long track record of pulling together when times are tough , " he said .
" We are on the right track to put these last two quarters behind us . "
There 's something about the bike , along with the chair , that draws designers .
Despite being an almost perfect design already , the reworkings of the humble bicycle seem almost endless .
Some are genuine improvements , such as the change from pedals fixed to the front wheel ( Penny Farthing ) to a rod or chain driving the rear wheel , and others are less so ( low - riders , anyone ? )
You would n't think that much more could be done to the basic diamond - framed , two - wheeled approach , but those designers can't stop fiddling .
Here are some of the fruits of their labors .
Above : A bike with square wheels may look impractical , but it would actually be ridable – on a highway that is surfaced with a series of inverted catenaries .
Photo : vrogy / Flickr
Pilen Concept
This one makes it into the list because it looks so cool .
Based on 1930s Le Mans racing bikes , the Pilen Concept is designed by Eric Therner for Swedish company Pilen Bikes . **
Is might look retro , but hidden behind the styling is a lot of high - tech gear .
LED lights are built in to the frame and the saddle is in two parts for independent shock absorption .
Oddly , despite having two brake levers , the Pilen does n't seem to have a front brake .
And the nonadjustable seat height could be a problem , too .
But who cares when it looks this good ?
Pilen Concept product page [ Addi via Design Boom ]
Cube Urban Street Concept
This bike , despite its looks , is a folder , squishing down to a backpack - sized collection of carbon fiber rods and tubes .
You 'll still need to find somewhere to put the wheels , but once that 's done , you have another pretty theft - proof design .
And it 's just as well .
Carrying a lock would probably treble the weight of the bike .
Cube 's Collapsible Carbon Concept Cycle [ Gadget Lab ]
Cardboard Bike
The idea behind design student Phil Bridge 's concept is that it is theft - proof : Nobody would steal a cardboard bike .
And if they do , it 'll only cost $ 30 to buy a new one .
This is n't any old cardboard – it's hexacomb cardboard , a tough material used in the packing industry which can be foil - faced for waterproofing .
Bridge says that the bike should last for around six months in normal use , and the non-card parts can simply be reused on the next one .
We do wonder , though , how the high - stress components will do .
I 've been through plenty of cranks in the past , for example , and those were made of metal .
Design Student Produces $ 30 Cardboard Bike [ Quickrelease via Bicycle Design ]
Puma Bike
The Puma is n't a concept bike , since you can actually buy one , but it 's definitely in the spirit of the weird and wonderful .
The Puma Bike is a single - geared bike with dual - disk brakes .
The central conceit is the cable replacing one section of the frame ( the down tube ) , which renders it pretty much theft - proof .
The idea is this :
You remove the cable and use it to lock the ( now - folded ) bike .
If a thief cuts the cable , he can't ride off on the bike .
Simple and almost worthy of Alexander the Great in it 's ingenuity ( Alex was the Gordian knot guy ) .
While we 've covered the Puma bike before ( in its Glow - Rider guise ) we 've never tested one , so we can't confirm our fear that that cable - strung frame will be a little mushy and wobbly to ride .
€ 1100 ( $ 1700 ) .
Puma Bike product page [ Puma ]
The Ride
Ellsworth Bicycle 's " The Ride " is another bike you can actually purchase , if you 've got the dough , but it deserves a place in this lineup for its crazy transmission .
Instead of using a fixed number of gears , The Ride 's " continuously variable planetary drive " offers an infinitely variable drive ratio .
As you twist a dial on the handlebar , it changes the angle between two steel plates in the hub , adjusting the torque .
The design was first envisioned by Leonardo da Vinci in the 1490s , and it can be yours for a mere $ 3,000 .
The Ride [ Ellsworth Bicycles ]
[ Thanks for the tip , ffelix ! ]
By JR Raphael
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
Your own human memory could soon have a digital backup .
IBM is working on new software that collects pieces of information during your day , then uses them to help you remember things later .
The project sounds like something that could have come straight from Dumbledore ’s quarters — and not just because it ’s named Pensieve , either .
The utility starts by picking up images , sounds , and text from your cell phone , GPS system , and other mobile devices .
It then uses “ associative recall , ” IBM says , to understand the context and make connections between bits of related information .
“ This is like having a personal assistant for your memory , ” lead researcher Dr. Yaakov Navon explains .
“ Our daily routines are overflowing with situations where we gain new information through meetings , advertisements , conferences , events , surfing the web , or even window shopping .
Instead of going home and using a general web search to find that information , Pensieve helps the brain recall those everyday things you might normally forget , ” he says .
An example IBM gives , illustrated in the video below , is if you were to meet someone new at a conference .
If you took a picture of him on your phone , then took a picture of his business card , Pensieve would tie the two together — and help you later recall the guy ’s name , plus where and when you met him .
I do n’t know about you , but this kind of technology could definitely save me from mountains of memory - related disasters .
I know I ’ve had plenty of forgetful faux pas — though I can’t , of course , seem to remember any of the specifics .
WILLIAM CRAIG
HARTFORD , Vt .
ARRIVING a few minutes late , I told my students about a delay at the Interstate 91 Border Patrol checkpoint in Hartford , 100 miles from the Canada line .
" Oh , " a twenty - something student asked , " you mean the ` Whiteness Checkpoint ' ? "
ADVERTISEMENT
His classmates did n't laugh out loud .
They just snickered , appreciating an apparently well - worn joke .
" Excuse me ? " I was shocked -- though not by their dead - on assessment of the checkpoint .
When that barrier was first set up in December 2003 , ostensibly to fight terrorism , Border Patrol agents stopped every driver to ask , " American citizen ? "
But long before summer , they started waving white people like me right on through .
We 've been more or less exempt ever since , regardless of the threat alert 's color .
No , what shocked me was my students ' cynical yet naive acceptance of injustice .
Like me , they knew blacks and Asians who complained of repeated harassment -- but my all - white students accepted the " Whiteness Check " as part of the " war on terror , " even as they joked about how easily a real terrorist could detour around the checkpoint .
" So , " I asked , " you do n't mind racial profiling , as long as you 're exempt ? "
" Hey , " one young lady answered , " it could stop another 9/11 . "
We had to get on with class , so I did n't reply .
Now the Border Patrol wants to spend $ 9 million to make that checkpoint permanent .
And now I wish I 'd told my students that -- day in , day out -- I 'm not afraid of Al Qaeda .
I believe in America , and I do n't think terrorists can defeat its free people .
But I do fear what the Founding Fathers wanted all Americans to fear : the surrender of liberties to unchecked power .
In the past , America triumphed over disaster , depression , and even the threat of global nuclear war , not by restricting civil rights but by expanding them .
Yet today 's leaders claim 9/11 somehow " changed everything . "
Stoking our fears to squelch dissent , they have created an unprecedented America : one in which citizens must pass internal checkpoints , can have their privacy invaded without warrant , can be detained for years without trial , and can inflict -- or suffer -- officially sanctioned levels of torture .
As my students know , the checkpoint in Hartford is laughably unlikely to catch any Al Qaeda terrorists .
And it 's hardly an efficient use of Homeland Security money -- not when New York City has fewer cops and first responders than on 9/11 .
But the checkpoint is a highly visible propaganda tool .
It reminds us to be afraid .
Everywhere and -- as they say in Guantanamo , Abu Ghraib , and even jails on US soil -- " indefinitely . "
The checkpoint says " security " is more important than liberty , that we need to elect people who are " strong " enough to weaken our constitutional freedoms .
It tells us the enemy is someone other than " us " -- someone who perhaps " looks Muslim " -- and can be routinely harassed .
Do n't get me wrong .
My quarrel is n't with those dedicated Border Patrol agents , many of them Hispanic , who no doubt believe in their mission .
But when they wave me through the I - 91 " Whiteness Check " -- or worse , when they repeatedly pull over a neighbor who was born in Mogadishu , Lahore , Beirut , or South Philly -- I know that America has made a terribly wrong turn .
William Craig is a writer and teacher living in Thetford Center , Vt .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
With the housing market in turmoil and lending standards tougher than ever , you 'd think that the kind of unscrupulous activity that helped plunge the industry into crisis would be a thing of the past .
You 'd be wrong .
Mortgage fraud is still soaring , according to a new report from the Mortgage Asset Research Institute ( MARI ) , a division of ChoicePoint .
( CPS )
The study found that the number of fraudulent loans issued during the first three months of 2008 skyrocketed 42 % compared with the same period in 2007 .
The big jump was a surprise even to MARI .
" We were stunned , " said spokeswoman Jennifer Butts .
" It shows that some folks [ in the industry ] are desperate . "
Loan applications are at an eight - year low , according to the Mortgage Bankers Association , and deals are harder than ever to come by for real estate professionals .
Loan originators , real estate agents and property appraisers are all scrambling for clients .
Making things even more difficult , mortgage lenders have tightened underwriting standards after getting clobbered with soaring delinquencies and foreclosures .
Now , the credit histories of many applicants are not good enough to get approved for mortgages , except through some creativity - or chicanery - by brokers and loan officers .
The most common type of fraud that MARI found pertained to employment history and income .
Many applications exaggerated how much borrowers earned and misrepresented their job descriptions .
The biggest increase came from a jump in the number of undisclosed or incorrectly reported debts , liens and judgments .
Most fraud involves average home buyers whose lending officers feel compelled to tweak their applications .
But some involves criminal enterprises .
Cases of identity theft accounted for 6 % of all mortgage fraud in Illinois , for example .
In many of these deals , crime rings use phony identities to obtain mortgages on properties they do n't own , then take the cash and vanish .
Same industry , same problems
" The reality is that the industry 's structure has not changed , " said Bill Garber , a director of government affairs for the Appraisal Institute trade group .
" Mortgage brokers are paid on commission ; loan officers are rewarded for volume .
There are the same pressures to get things done . "
The regulatory agencies , he said , are overwhelmed .
But the FBI did step up its efforts to combat mortgage fraud recently .
In June , its Mortgage Fraud Task Force arrested more than 400 mortgage brokers , lenders , appraisers and other industry insiders responsible for more than $ 1 billion in losses .
Despite these efforts , MARI does n't expect things to change any time soon .
" Loan application misrepresentation continues to plague the industry , " the group said in a press statement .
" Mortgage fraud will not disappear - in fact , it is expected to significantly grow , evolve and penetrate new areas within the industry . "
MARI compiled its statistics from data submitted by its clients , which include all of the biggest names in the lending industry : Fannie Mae ( FAM ) and Freddie Mac ( FRE , Fortune 500 ) - the government sponsored mortgage giants - as well as private lenders Wells Fargo ( WFC , Fortune 500 ) , Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) and J.P.MorganChase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) as well as scores of smaller lenders .
Leading states
Florida had the largest volume of mortgage fraud in the first three months of 2008 , accounting for about 24 % of the national total .
Second was California , which was followed by Illinois , Maryland and Michigan , all of which had about the same number of incidents .
The Miami metro area was ground zero for mortgage fraud during the period ; it accounted for nearly half of all of Florida 's incidents while the Los Angeles area produced 52 % of California's .
Because of agreements with its clients , MARI does not reveal the total numbers of fraud incidents .
Until systems are implemented to foster the development of ethical , responsible mortgage originators , said Garber , the " bad actors " will continue to find places in the lending industry and mortgage fraud will go on as before .
The musicians of the Sydney Symphony were going through the motions as pre-recorded music was pumped out of speakers during the celebrations at Stadium Australia to mark the start of the 2000 Games , orchestra directors have confirmed .
The marvelous but little known Christopher Hitchens deathbed conversion
For immediate release : Deadly Bread
( ACPA - Houston , TX ) It 's official : iconoclast and famous atheist Christopher Hitchens had a last minute deathbed conversion .
" It was quite a site , happened right there in front of us , " said Doctor Stephen Morton , a specialist at a Houston area hospice where Hitchens fought against a deadly illness .
Hitchens , known for anti-theist books and an excellent command of the English language , became seriously ill after eating a piece of toast containing an image of the Virgin Mary .
" The silliness of it all was rather overwhelming so I bought it on eBay and ate it , " Hitchens explained to a fellow patient , who later admitted to being an undercover reporter from the obscure publication Interior Design Magazine .
" Unfortunately , too many people had handled the crusty relic and within a few hours I was retching .
Now I 'm at death 's door from the not so miraculous toast . "
Hitchens ' unexpected and surprising conversion took place over two days and started shortly after hospital pastor Rob Larkin paid a courtesy visit to the famous non-believer .
" The poor chap , " said Hitchens , " they did n't have a decent place for him to sit and I did n't want to eviscerate the fellow 's nonsensical superstitious beliefs without at least offering him a chair .
I 'm an Englishman after all .
So what could I do but have a conversion ? "
Very Intelligent Design
Described as Georgian style with postmodern touches to round off the classical edges , the death bed conversion was completed with enthusiastic help from other patients and the night - shift staff .
It includes comfortable seating for 4 visitors , a built in 42 - inch LCD TV , microwave and a well - stocked mini-bar .
" Yes , I know I should n't , " said Hitchens , " but you only live once , no really you idiot , just once . "
While staff and other patients raved about the conversion , hospital administrators were not too pleased .
" Yes , we regularly have deathbed conversions in the hospice , " sighed administrator Phil Livingston , " but it 's usually subtle , maybe a plastic cup - holder or two , a mat for slippers , nothing like this . "
Interior Design Magazine , expected to win a Pulitzer for breaking the story , finished on a cautionary note .
" Hitchens was clearly invigorated after his conversion , but we think he might have started to annoy other patients with his continuous pushing that they needed to convert too . "
In fact , his last words are reputed to be , " Excuse me , my dear fellow , do you have a personal relationship with your architect .
Here , let me give you this leaflet about converting , it 's never too late . "
also read Atheist sees Big - Bang in Toast or Click here for all our Satire News Stories
As mentioned earlier , Gov. Palin is embroiled in her own trooper - gate scandal up in Alaska .
In short , she ’s accused of using her pull as governor to get her ex-brother - in - law fired as a state trooper .
The brother - in - law is embroiled in an ugly divorce and custody with Palin ’s sister .
And after his boss would n’t fire the brother - in - law , she fired the boss .
Palin originally insisted there was nothing to the story .
More recently , she was forced to admit the one of her top deputies had pushed to get the guy fired .
Here ’s one our recent reports on the story .
And we ’ll be bringing you an updated report shortly .
Here ’s the local TV news report …
Tuesday 8 May 2007 , 9 pm , BBC Two Modern forensic science should make it impossible to commit murder and get away with it .
But how easy would it be to outfox the detectives ?
With the help of top forensic scientists , and real - life murder investigations , we explore whether it 's possible to commit a perfect murder .
The body is the most important piece of evidence in any murder .
Pathologist Dr Richard
Shepherd reveals the crucial clues that give away the secrets of a suspicious death .
Dr Lee Goff can work out a time of death from just a few maggots on a corpse .
To really understand the way a human decomposes he relies on experiments - and dead pigs make ideal human models .
And what is the perfect murder weapon ?
Probably Agatha Christie 's favourite - poison .
It leaves no marks on the body , and the victim may not even realise what has happened until it 's too late .
But there still might not be a perfect murder .
The world 's most notorious poisoner - Harold Shipman - was eventually caught .
QUIZ : Could you solve the perfect murder ?
DISCOVER : How criminals try to fool the experts VOTE :
Do courts rely too much on forensics ?
VIEW : Highlights from the programme
Teenagers to be sent to ' community cohesion camps ' to make them better citizens
The government is spending £ 4.5 million on a scheme it hopes will get teenagers off the streets by encouraging them to become better community citizens .
British teenagers are to be given the chance to attend ' community cohesion ' camps as part of a plan to develop a greater appreciation and understanding among the country 's youth .
Ministers announced today the funding has been earmarked for a number of activity programmes and projects , which will help them ' become better socially minded . '
The government is spending £ 4.5 m on community camps for teenagers which it hopes will help them become ' better public citizens ' .
File photo
Children 's minister Beverley Hughes said some of the funding will be set aside for the community cohesion - themed camps , which will start in the autumn .
Mainstream summer camps will also be held .
Youngsters , particularly those in deprived areas , will be given the opportunity to attend , where they will be encouraged to develop their social and emotional skills .
It is also hoped that teenagers will build their understanding and appreciation of those from different backgrounds .
The Government said it hoped the funding would unite young people of different races , gender , ethnicity and religion and promote positive community relations .
The projects would also help to occupy those young people who could otherwise be involved in anti-social behaviour , ministers said .
Young people have already put forward themes to cover at the camps , including gang activity and its impact on the community , managing local rivalries and conflicts and celebrating diversity .
Ms Hughes said : ' We want to make sure that young people have plenty of interesting things to do , are kept active and engaged , and out of trouble .
' These camps will give these young people a chance to mix with their peers , have fun , make new friends and learn new skills . '
As Russia is focused on Georgia , and China is focused on the Olympics ( two countries that might oppose further sanctions against Iran ) , the US is amassing its largest naval buildup in the Persian / Arabian Gulf since the 1991 Gulf War .
This deployment comes on the heels of both House and Senate resolutions calling on the President to take action against Iran , which could only be accomplished through a naval blockade , an act of war under international law .
Such a blockade in the Strait of Hormuz would cause oil prices to skyrocket and cause an energy crisis greater than we are experiencing currently .
House Resolution 362 :
( 3) demands that the President initiate an international effort to immediately and dramatically increase the economic , political , and diplomatic pressure on Iran to verifiably suspend its nuclear enrichment activities by , inter alia , prohibiting the export to Iran of all refined petroleum products ; imposing stringent inspection requirements on all persons , vehicles , ships , planes , trains , and cargo entering or departing Iran ; and prohibiting the international movement of all Iranian officials not involved in negotiating the suspension of Iran ’s nuclear program ;
Senate resolution 580 :
3 ) demands that the President lead an international effort to immediately and dramatically increase the pressure on the Government of Iran to verifiably suspend its nuclear enrichment activities by , among other measures , banning the importation of refined petroleum products to Iran ;
Specifically , Benzene , a gasoline additive , is the target of a blockade .
Iran has limited domestic oil refining capabilities , and it imports 40 % of its Benzene , even though it is considered cheaper than water in Iran .
If the US blocks Iranian imports of Benzene , you can expect Iran to retaliate .
The Strait of Hormuz is considered a “ chokepoint ” , since one - fifth of the world ’s oil supply passes through this narrow body of water .
Iran would respond to a US blockade with one of their own .
Heritage.org explains why we should be concerned and predicted oil would increase an additional $ 85 a barrel if such an Iranian blockade occurred :
As global energy demand grows — especially among China , India , and other developing coun tries — competition for access to oil is escalating .
The Persian Gulf is becoming the most important bottleneck , making freedom of navigation through the strait a vital American and global interest .
Debkafile warns the US will strike back to keep this vital strait open :
Iran , which imports 40 percent of its refined fuel products from Gulf neighbors , will retaliate for the embargo by shutting the Strait of Hormuz oil route chokepoint , in which case the US naval and air force stand ready to reopen the Strait and fight back any Iranian attempt to break through the blockade .
According to Stop War on Iran , the following naval forces are headed towards the Gulf to carry out such actions , if need be :
Carrier Strike Group Nine :
USS Abraham Lincoln ( CVN72 ) nuclear powered carrier with its Carrier Air Wing Two
Destroyer Squadron Nine :
USS Mobile Bay ( CG53 ) guided missile cruiser
USS Russell ( DDG59 ) guided missile destroyer
USS Momsen ( DDG92 ) guided missile destroyer
USS Shoup ( DDG86 ) guided missile destroyer
USS Ford ( FFG54 ) guided missile frigate
USS Ingraham ( FFG61 ) guided missile frigate
USS Rodney M. Davis ( FFG60 ) guided missile frigate
USS Curts ( FFG38 ) guided missile frigate
Plus one or more nuclear hunter - killer submarines
Peleliu Expeditionary Strike Group :
USS Peleliu ( LHA - 5 ) a Tarawa - class amphibious assault carrier
USS Pearl Harbor ( LSD52 ) assult ship
USS Dubuque ( LPD8 ) assult ship / landing dock
USS Cape St. George ( CG71 ) guided missile cruiser
USS Halsey ( DDG97 ) guided missile destroyer
USS Benfold ( DDG65 ) guided missile destroyer Carrier Strike Group Two :
USS Theodore Roosevelt ( DVN71 ) nuclear powered carrier with its Carrier Air Wing Eight
Destroyer Squadron 22 :
USS Monterey ( CG61 ) guided missile cruiser
USS Mason ( DDG87 ) guided missile destroyer
USS Nitze ( DDG94 ) guided missile destroyer
USS Sullivans ( DDG68 ) guided missile destroyer
USS Springfield ( SSN761 ) nuclear powered hunter - killer submarine
IWO ESG ~ Iwo Jima Expeditionary Strike Group
USS Iwo Jima ( LHD7 ) amphibious assault carrier with its Amphibious Squadron Four
and with its 26th Marine Expeditionary Unit
USS San Antonio ( LPD17 ) assault ship
USS Velia Gulf ( CG72 ) guided missile cruiser
USS Ramage ( DDG61 ) guided missile destroyer
USS Carter Hall ( LSD50 ) assault ship
USS Roosevelt ( DDG80 ) guided missile destroyer
USS Hartfore ( SSN768 ) nuclear powered hunter - killer submarine Carrier Strike Group Seven :
USS Ronald Reagan ( CVN76 ) nuclear powered carrier with its Carrier Air Wing 14
Destroyer Squadron 7 :
USS Chancellorsville ( CG62 ) guided missile cruiser
USS Howard ( DDG83 ) guided missile destroyer
USS Gridley ( DDG101 ) guided missile destroyer
USS Decatur ( DDG73 ) guided missile destroyer
USS Thach ( FFG43 ) guided missile frigate
USNS Rainier ( T - AOE - 7 ) fast combat support ship
Several of these warships recently participated in exercies in the Atlantic Ocean named Operation Brimstone .
A US blockade of Iran will not bring peace to the Middle East .
Such military action will only escalate conflict , as well as skyrocket oil prices beyond the budget of most Americans .
Even the fear of military action against Iran raised the price of oil earlier this summer , and some experts predict the passage of the House and Senate resolutions could have this affect even before a blockade was initiated .
While we are still dependent upon foreign oil , we must carefully weigh these consequences .
The time for real diplomacy is now , both for peace and our energy needs .
Image : NASA
Related posts on Iran :
Editor ’s note :
After far too long a wait , we ’ve unearthed parts 3 and 4 of this interview , which continues to enlighten .
The acclaimed journalist stopped by our offices this week , where he told Truthdig Editor Robert Scheer that the Middle East is a lot less puzzling than it ’s made out to be : “ It ’s we who are there , not the other way round . …
It ’s not our land .
It ’s not our religion .
Our soldiers are in the Muslim world and they should not be there . ”
Part 1 :
Part 2 :
Part 3 :
Part 4 :
Looking for the Gift for special occasions ?
Regardless of in case you 're celebrating a first anniversary or a 10 year anniversary , a wedding anniversary , a promise ring party is constantly treasured and acknowledged .
Let us be your guide in finding the ideal anniversary or birthday present for him or for her today .
Blue Wedding rings are some of the best selling and modern matching tungsten wedding bands today .
Some of the other high in demand tungsten wedding band sets are matching black wedding band and matching titanium wedding bands .
Ever since the world came into being , jewelry has been associated with women but in the advanced world of fashion , jewelry is equally good for the men .
Today , men are wearing right jewelry to showcase their masculinity .
At our store , we believe that fashion is for everyone and we have put forward our exquisite collection of tungsten rings .
The tungsten material is scratch resistant topped with the ability to show resistance to bending as other materials .
We also Offer you silicone wedding rings for men titanium wedding rings titanium engagement rings all the best to the lady and man of the hour with stunning gems , for example , solitaire studs , tungsten matching rings or titanium anniversary rings for the lady of the hour and an exemplary watch for the husband to be .
Promise matching ring set is one of the best option .
We also have thousands of items include : Titanium Rings , Fashion Ring , Anniversary Rings , Anniversary Gifts , Wedding Bands , Mens Wedding Rings Gold Tungsten Rings , Carbon Fiber Rings and more .
Show your wedding party the amount they intend to you with a delightful bridesmaid blessing , groomsman blessing , or even rose young lady promise from our wedding party blessing guide at Blue Chip Unlimited .
Men Ring is also very popular for fashion and wedding bands that we have a huge variety for you to choose from .
Diamond Engagement Ring in 2020 : Styles & Cuts
What to buy the best and most popular engagement ring , and do n’t know to start .
We can help you in choosing the best ring for you and your spouse .
Not every person is fortunate to have a diamond ring that is bigger than the size of a pea .
But still diamond is one of the most elegant pieces of jewelry , any woman has in her collection .
So , what are you waiting for ?
Gift your girlfriend a diamond engagement ring with a gold band as a base .
The diamond is capable of not only completing a look but also adding to it .
And a diamond punched engagement ring not only enriches your beauty but also your collection .
So , If you 're searching , what would be the best and most popular diamond engagement rings ?
Then this post might help you with that .
Introduction to Diamond Engagement Ring
Diamond is a beautiful , rare and cherished gem .
A significant majority of people bought their engagement ring with a diamond seated on it .
However , do you know that all diamonds are different ?
Diamonds are unique based on the time , place , and condition of formations .
As all are different , there are some qualities that make one diamond cost one million dollars and another cost a couple of thousand dollars .
So , on what basis one can define its value ?
Based on 4C 's of the diamond .
The four qualities are color , cut , clarity , and carat .
Four Cs of Diamonds
Before the 1930s there are no set standards that define the quality of a diamond .
But in the year 1936 , GIA created the first standard for diamonds that were globally accepted .
Hence , it is necessary for diamond retailers to provide all the standard values in their documentation , so that every diamond speaks its values and defines its quality .
A. Cut
You can understand this as the quality of cutting a diamond in proportion to its symmetrical facets or angles .
The way by which a diamond is being cut can directly proportional to its dispersing ability or you can relate it to the shiningness .
The GIA grades the diamond cuts on the basis of values i.e. excellent , very good , good , fair and poor .
Diamond 's cut is the most crucial point to which you should pay attention .
As said earlier , cuts are responsible for the sparkling nature of the diamond and helping them to look bigger .
So , do n't compromise with the quality of its cut .
B. Color
The second most quality - assuring grade is ‘ how colorless ’ or ‘ white the diamond is ’.
The GIA grades diamonds alphabetically starting from D to Z .
A clear diamond is rarest and for them , the highest - graded value is ' D ' while the value ' Z ' indicates the yellow or brownish noticeable color ( cloudy ) and hence , the more common ones .
So , if you want a white looking diamonds , use platinum , Tungsten Carbide or white gold ring as a base , as it enriches the overall looks .
While if you are considering the yellowish tint diamond then the gold ring is the best option for you .
C. Clarity
Practically all diamonds have flaws , which often appear as black particles in the gems .
However , diamonds clarity grade defines how clear a diamond is from both specks and blemishes .
These flaws are mostly visible using a microscope .
And these types of diamonds are called an eye - clear diamond , as they ca n’t be noticed from human eyes .
The GIA has 10 pointers to rectify the clarity of a diamond .
If a diamond is flawless it said to be ' FL ' while with highest un-clarity ones are termed ' I2 ' ( Inclusions 2 ) .
As a person , if you compromise a little bit of clarity , it might save your huge amount of money that you can use in getting a wedding ring for your men .
D. Carat
Defined as the weight of the diamond not , how large it is .
And their weight value is referred with carat like 0.5 carats , 1.0 - carat diamonds .
In addition , one carat equals 0.2 grams .
So , if you are reading this from the USA then you should buy at least 2 - carat of the diamond because of an average American engagement ring weight 2 carats .
Carat is the most costing factor while buying diamond rings .
As the cost of a 2 - carat diamond wo n't be double of 1 - carat but approx 4 - 5 times higher prices , still weight only double .
Most Popular Diamond Engagement Ring
We have discussed the basics of diamonds along with the cost determining factors .
So , have you decided your budget for buying a wedding ring ?
Because it 's time to dive deep and see what are the popular diamond engagement rings that might fit in your bride ’s fourth finger .
Popular styles of diamond Based Engagement Ring
1. Solitaire Rings
Diamond Solitaires referred to a single diamond ring that is the most classic and iconic style of engagement ring .
They usually have more than 1 - carat diamonds loaded in front .
And the ring color which is complementary to diamond is of white shades .
So , with a single striking diamond in the front , solitaire styles traditionally used to be a wedding ring with a gold band .
This style is one of the classics that still very trendy .
And you can still call it the beauty of classic simplicity which generally analogous to high - class people lifestyle .
2. Halo Rings
Halo Diamond rings also have a stone - like solitaire ring but with a ' halo ' center to which the rings encircled .
These rings use smaller diamonds but when encircled with white metal , they can cause a diamond to appear bigger .
So , if you want to have a halo ring , use rounded cuts or cushioned shapes cuts ( which we discussed later ) .
Apart from this , other famous styles of cuts for Halo rings are oval , marquise and spherical .
3. Three - Stone
Three stone ring is showcased as a three - diamond incorporated in a single ring .
The central one is usually the largest and the rest of the two are of the same size .
They are also called Trinity or trilogy and a ' storyteller ' .
Storytellers are the other name of three - stone rings because traditionally , the three stones in a ring symbolize the past , present , and future of a relationship .
They are a popular alternative to the solitaire ring for those who are symbolics , plus sentimental and want a meaningful anniversary ring .
4. Pavé Rings
Pavé French word pronounced as “ pa-vey ” , is a set of placing small diamonds across the exterior surface of the ring without leaving too many spaces .
As a result , the surface of the ring seems to be paved with diamonds and hence called a Pavé ring .
Due to that many amounts of diamonds across the whole exterior side , make it more blazing - sparkling among other styles of diamond rings .
They are best suited for the fashion enthusiastic ladies and also who are working at higher paycheques .
5. Classic Diamond Rings
" Classic Solitaire with extra sparkled " that what actually a classic ring is .
Solitaire ’s diamonds meet the requirement of classic lovers and the paved parts attract modern people .
Hence , it is the rings with a gorgeous row of glitters with a punched diamond in the center , which can make anyone its fan .
6. Infinity Diamond Rings
A ' never - ending love ' , infinity diamonds rings have a small inlaid diamond with twisted beads that can be paved to some extent ( only to front side ) .
The twist design in front looks like the sign of infinity ' 8 ' .
The ' 8 ' symbolizes the never - ending love and commitment to the relationship .
At last , it emphasizes the continuity of life and love .
This is usually given as a diamond engagement ring when you have a long term relationship .
Hence , they are more common in love marriages .
7. Cathedral Diamond Rings
These rings perfectly mimic the grace and elegances of a cathedral using their extended arches .
They hold the gemstones higher above the ring shank and even a smaller diamonds carat appears larger .
Arches not only extended the height but also provides additional protection to the centrally placed diamond .
But as arches add height to the ring , there are more chances of getting snag in clothing and textiles .
8. Vintage Rings
You might be looking for a vintage diamond ring for your girlfriend as she likes to collect vintage materials and you are hitting old pawn shops for that .
But finds nothing , as they are harder to get .
But , some people often consider any rings to be vintage which is earlier than 2 decades to 99 years .
And after 99 years , it termed as both vintage and antique .
Hence , it is clear that you are not going to buy a new one but a used one or second - hand .
So , you have to compromise with some of your preferences .
In vintage rings , you have limited options for customization .
And also customizing a vintage ring might lower its actual cost .
9. Channel - Set Rings
A channel set rings are similar to a pavé diamond ring in the sense of paving stones on the outer area of the ring .
But differ in the sense that they use a thicker metal to hold and secure the diamonds that lie on the band .
Apart from the thick pave band , these rings have a small diamonds incorporated between the ' channel ' formed by two strips that add additional sparkle and glamour .
These channels hold the diamond securely and protect it from any outside force that might ripped - off the diamond from its place .
The channel - set ring also covers the drawbacks of cathedral rings .
They are highly unlikely to get snagged in clothing and other textile materials .
10 . Swirl Rings
Tweaked - cum - twisted like patterns with a braided exterior that covers with a rich work of diamonds that uplifts the glamour .
This swirl metal around the diamonds just makes it an awesome choice for an artistic and creative lady .
And usually sold as a part of a set for a romanticized people .
Popular Cuts for Diamond Ring
1. Round Cut
It is estimated that over 75 % of diamond engagement rings sold are round cuts .
This is because it always looks harmonious without overpowering your finger .
As per the stats , it is the most popular diamond engagement ring cuts that sparkle an engagement ring .
They are generally fitted with slim smooth band crowned with stunning beautified round cut diamond .
You can also check our tungsten Carbon fiber Ring that best suits with rounded cuts .
For people : timeless , classy , traditional
2. Princess -Cut
As a princess , they are also considered to be a " fancy shape " .
Though they seem to fancy but generally cheaper per carat than a round diamond .
The Princess - Cut is a hybrid shape that has the ability to spark more fire than the traditional squares or rectangular diamonds .
You can identify a princess cut Diamond as a by seeing a straight - sided - rectangular outline that has a brilliant sparkled style facet arrangement .
For people : dainty , feminine , contemporary
3. Cushion cut
Cushion - Cut diamonds are a combination of a square - cut with round corners that 's why also known as old mine cut or ‘ a pillow ’ .
Their shape is as square and rectangular with curved edges .
These cuts diamonds are less brilliant than rounded ones but often have a better fire that justifies its price .
Cushion cuts are less expensive than round cut diamonds per carat .
For people : soft , classic , romantic
4. Emerald -Cut
Emerald cut stands out with prolonged rectangular shape having an attractive well - formed shaped corner .
The emerald cut diamond with its brilliance to clarity , creating a clean , open look becomes more popular than most of the other diamond cuts .
Excellence & Precision are key features of Emerald - Cuts .
It is less in demand as compared to others .
For people : advanced , glamorous
5. Marquise - Cut
If you want a cheaper alternative to round cut Diamond without compromising too much on looks , then Marquise Cuts is another best option for you .
They are similar to football - shaped that 's why also known as footy shaped cuts with 58 facets and elliptical pointed ends .
Therefore , a 58 facets marquise cut diamond engagement ring with tungsten fiber rings suits the best .
But , Marquise - cut diamonds cost you , way less than rounded one having the same carat .
For people : showy , unique , elongating
6. Oval - Cut Diamonds
As per the name , oval cut diamonds have an elongated rounded shape that was first created by Lazare Kaplan in the 1960s .
Oval - cut diamonds look bigger than their actual sizes of the same carat weight .
Oval diamonds set suits all types of the environment whether an engagement rings or wedding ring .
It also creates optical illusions of the finger of the wearer to look slimmer and longer .
For people : modern , bold , slenderizing
7. Pear -Cut
These types of cuts are basically a combination of round - cut and marquise shapes .
It is also a stylish and bold combination that optically lengthen your finger .
So , this might be a great option for those who are looking for an elegant ring design with a tapered point .
For people : elegant , delicate , flirty
8. Radiant cut
The radiant cut is aggregate to the brilliance of a round cut and the simplicity of an emerald - cut .
A rectangular shape with its brilliant facets allows extra sparkle and fire making it unique options for those who are of daring nature .
It is much more popular among those ladies who show - off her glamour and charming with flares and pride .
For people : unique , complex , daring
9 . Heart shape
Heart cut diamonds have 56 , 57 or 58 facets .
These diamonds are a game of precious work , as both the half of the heart should be perfectly matched .
In cutting a diamond , it first starts with a pear - cut then further trimmed down in the form of ‘ V ’ to form a heart shape .
Since heart diamond shape requires incredible precision but the heart diamonds of 0.5 carats not only look great but also give a unique detailed shape that your bride for sure loved it .
For people : romantic , sweet , sentimental
10 . Asscher Cut
Asscher cuts look similar to the emerald cuts except squarish emerald gets converted to larger step facets or rectangular ones .
The modern Asscher cut diamond has a higher crown with a smaller table .
And these combinations produce a fabulous optical illusion that sparkles more than emeralds .
For people : modern vintage , dramatic , elegant
Conclusion
Purchasing an ideal wedding band without compromising the need for your spouse ’s requirements but also not exceeding your budget can be a very manageable task .
At last , here are a few tips you must consider ,
invest more money on a perfect cut , and
Pick an eye clear diamond , and
pick the largest diamonds that you can get within your budget
But when you are on a smaller budget , then choose a solitaire cut that is the best option for you which is always in style and is timeless trendy .
So , we tracked down some of the most popular diamond engagement rings cut and styles for 2020 .
I hope you enjoy our listing and get to know what will be best for your bride .
So , if you are done with your bride ’s ring shopping , check our best collection of wedding rings for men .
General FAQ
1 . What are the most popular diamond shapes available online ?
The most popular Diamonds shapes are round , oval , cushion and pear cuts .
2 . How many carats are appropriate for a diamond engagement ring in the USA ?
The average size for diamond engagement rings in the USA is about 2 carats .
3 . Which diamond cut is the most expensive ?
A round - cut diamond engagement ring has the most expensive diamonds as compared to the carat of other cuts .
4 . How often should you clean diamond rings ?
If you are doing work like gardening then you should remove the rings or wear gloves over it otherwise you have to clean it daily .
If you are a housewife then cleaning once every twice a week is enough .
And Diamond rings need professional cleaning at least once a year .
5 . Why does my diamond look cloudy ?
May be due to clarity issues .
In general , low - grade clarity diamonds tends to seem more cloudy with the passage of time .
This site may earn affiliate commissions from the links on this page .
Terms of use
From its Texas Rangers to its enthusiastic take on the death penalty , the Lone Star State has long been known for its aggressive stance on law enforcement .
Thanks to a strange new law , it ’s a sting that may soon be felt by a number of the state ’s computer - repair people .
A recently passed law requires that Texas computer - repair technicians have a private - investigator license , according to a story posted by a Dallas - Fort Worth CW affiliate .
In order to obtain said license , technicians must receive a criminal justice degree or participate in a three - year apprenticeship .
Those shops that refuse to participate will be forced to shut down .
Violators of the new law can be hit with a $ 4,000 dollar fine and up to a year in jail , penalties that apply to customers who seek out their services .
Some of the area ’s larger companies already employee technicians with PI licenses , a fact which generally does n’t apply to small computer repair shops .
Originally published on Gearlog .
Editor ’s Note :
This story has been updated on July 1 with a link to the law that serves as a source for this story .
Training & Coworking bei den OpenSource 'lern ( was ist " CoWorking " ? )
sehr preiswert
Wer vorankommen will , kann nicht alles im Selbststudium erarbeiten - im eigenen Betrieb gibt es zuviele Störungen , und jeder Neuanfang ist eine Überwindung .
Gehen Sie ab und an auf eine Schulung !
Das Linuxhotel ist ein nach dem Vorbild eines der besten Hotels Deutschlands gebautes Luxushotel ( vorher ein Kloster ) , das jedoch auf SB - Basis arbeitet und deshalbist .
Sie lernen und übernachten in einer integrierten Gesamtanlage ( bitte dieses Video anschauen ) , die ausgiebigen Erfahrungsaustausch mit Kollegen und Dozenten zwanglos anregt .
Zu allen Tages - und Nachtzeiten steht alles kostenlos bereit ( Technik , Materiallager , Literatur , Essen , Trinken , ... ) , und in unserem ebenfalls offenen Netzwerk können Sie die Konfiguration frei zugänglicher virtueller Testserver ( DNS , Mail , LDAP , Datenbanken , ... ) einsehen und probeweise verändern .
Das Linuxhotel ist ein Gesamtkonzept , das Ihre Einarbeitung in OpenSource - Software schnell , erfolgreich und mit viel Freude ermöglichen soll .
Dies gelingt nicht immer , aber meistens .
Eine Kompaktinformation zum Ausdrucken finden
Sie hier in PDF - Form .
Unsere Schulungen werden auch im Rahmen des " Bildungsscheck NRW " gefördert !
= Anmeldung eilt , der Kurs beginnt in Kürze !
Bei allen " nicht blinkenden Kursen " ist noch etwas Zeit .
Frühzeitige Buchung ist dennoch empfehlenswert , weil unsere Kurse ( außer im Sommer ) sehr oft ausgebucht sind .
Bitte klicken Sie einfach auf den Kursnamen für detaillierte Informationen .
Aus aktuellem Anlaß : Sie können an unseren Schulungen auch per Video - Konferenz teilnehmen !
Linux im Linuxhotel zu lernen , ist wie Englisch in England
Das Linuxhotel ist einer der Knotenpunkte für OpenSource im deutschsprachigen Raum .
Seit Jahren treffen sich die Macher hinter bekannten Softwarepaketen zu ganz besonderen Konditionen ( siehe hier ) im Linuxhotel .
Wir stellen auch gern den Kontakt her , wenn Unternehmen oder Individuen helfen oder sich persönlich engagieren möchten !
Ein Aufenthalt im Linuxhotel bringt zwanglos nebenbei erheblich mehr als herkömmliche oder Inhouse - Schulungen .
Aber wir übertreiben auch nicht .
Wer Entspannung sucht , nutzt Leihfahrräder , den Park , Kaminzimmer , Sauna / Fitnessbereich ....
Andere nehmen am Rahmenprogramm teil ( wechselnd : Oldtimer - Bus , Musical , Theater , Konzert , Schmieden im historischen " Hammer " , Eisenbahnmuseum , GoCart , Tischtennis , Yoga , Grillparty , ... ) .
Komischerweise müssen wir uns manchmal dafür rechtfertigen , daß wir neben 8 vollen Zeitstunden Unterricht auch den Rest des Tages so schön wie nur möglich gestalten und dabei neben den vielen äußerst attraktiv gemachten und 24h offenen fachlichen Angeboten auch Zerstreuung und Rückzugsmöglichkeiten bieten .
Es scheint die unausgesprochene Regel zu existieren , daß Schulungstage zu 100 % aus Arbeit bestehen müssen - was natürlich absurd ist , denn auch an normalen Arbeitstagen arbeitet man nicht die gesamte wache Zeit hindurch !
Aber wir halten Grenzen ein :
All das , was wir bieten , um auch nach dem Kurs zwanglosen Austausch zu fördern , kostet weniger als der Betrieb eines Hotelschwimmbades !
Wir WOLLEN eine intensive aber spielerische Atmosphäre , weil wir davon überzeugt sind , daß dabei am allermeisten herauskommt !!!
Intensive Kurse und Schulungen auf höchstem Niveau
durch Engagement der jeweils führenden Entwickler , Fachbuchautoren und 4anerkannter Spezialisten .
Distributionsunabhängig , damit nicht gleich wieder neue Abhängigkeiten entstehen .
Aber gern an die Schulungsbedürfnisse unserer Kunden angepaßt - fragen
Sie auch nach maßgeschneiderten Kursen
Erschreckend niedrige Preise - ab 1630 € pro Woche all - inclusive
Großzügige , offene und fachlich ausgerichtet Umgebung
Viele zufriedene Teilnehmer .
werden .
8 volle Zeitstunden Schulung pro Tag , Luxushotel , Vollpension , Getränke , Rahmenprogramm - alles im Preis enthalten .
Diese niedrigen Preise erreichen wir dadurch , daß die Seminare meist sehr gut ausgelastet sind ( wir begrenzen auf 10 Teilnehmer ) und in unserem eigenen Linuxhotel stattfinden , in dem wir höchstes Qualitätsniveau bieten , aber nur ganz wenig ( ! )
Service .
Die durchgängige " Selbstbedienung auf höchstem Qualitätsniveau " im Hotelbereich ist unser wesentlicher Nachteil , der aber gleichzeitig unsere günstige Kostenstruktur möglich macht .
Und Restplätze vergeben wir zu extrem niedrigen Preisen an Studenten .
Wirklich anders als herkömmliche Hotels oder Schulungseinrichtungen .
Kostenloser Netzwerk - und Internetzugang in allen Zimmern , in den Aufenthaltsbereichen und selbst im Park .
230V - Steckdosen überall , Beamer , WXGA - Großbild - Monitor mit 7,5 m VGA - Kabel im Kaminzimmer , selbst Kleinigkeiten wie ein universelles Akkuladegerät für Ihre mitgebrachten NiCd und NiMh - Akkus und diverse Kabel , Switches usw . , alles frei verfügbar im jederzeit offenen Materiallager .
Gesunde Bandscheiben - Drehstühle im Seminarraum , und am ersten Tag werden Leihnotebooks ausgegeben , die auch auf dem Zimmer , im Park , im Kaminzimmer oder im Sauna / Fitnessbereich nutzbar sind .
Das alles hört sich vielleicht übertrieben an , aber wer einmal gespürt hat , welch intensive , aber zwanglose Lernatmosphäre bei unseren Kursen aufkommt , findet es richtig so .
Und wenn Sie die Preise vergleichen , dann werden Sie feststellen , daß wir gleichzeitig ausgesprochen preiswert sind .
96,4 % der Teilnehmer antworteten mit " JA " auf die Frage , ob sie die Linuxhotel - Schulung weiterempfehlen hier .
In unseren " all - inclusive - Seminaren " achten wir auf erstklassige Qualitäten : Diverse lose Teesorten , frisch gemahlener Kaffee , vielfältige Getränken ( lediglich besondere Weinsorten , hochprozentiges , Süßigkeiten und Tabakwaren werden separat abgerechnet ) , Obst , Gebäck , selbstgebackener Kuchen und vieles mehr .
Es steht alles bereit , jeder kann sich beliebig und zu allen Tages - und Nachtzeiten bedienen ( Frühstück , Mittagessen , Abendessen sind selbstverständlich auch im Preis enthalten ) .
Denen wir auch nach dem Kurs viel bieten
Wir geben es zu : Wir haben Spaß an der Technik und am Linuxhotel .
" Freier - Support " - Mailingliste , in der einfache Fragen auf der Basis gegenseitiger Hilfsbereitschaft beantwortet werden .
Und bei komplizierteren Problemen bieten oftmals Fachleute Hilfe gegen Honorar an .
Weitere Aktionen , siehe Kasten rechts .
Alles übrigens für jeden , nicht nur für unsere Kursteilnehmer .
Viele unserer Einrichtungen werden im eigenen Haus entwickelt oder 30 km entfernt bei unserer Wiesemann & Theis GmbH .
Dort entwerfen und produzieren wir auf höchster Detailebene dedizierte Webserver , E - Mailer , Web - Thermometer , analoge und digitale Ein/Ausgabegeräte direkt am Ethernet uvm ..
Von Open - Source sind wir selbst überzeugt und bemühen uns , es nach Kräften zu fördern .
Unsere Gäste sind zum größten
Teil engagierte Open - Source - Spezialisten und solche , die es werden wollen .
Aus den weltweit verzweigten LUG's ( Linux - User - Groups ) und diversen Organisationen von Open Source Software - Entwicklern treffen sich Mitglieder in unseren Räumen .
Distributionsneutrale Kurse in höchster Qualität , sehr intensiv und mit viel Engagement , aber ohne Showeffekte , kein Eindruck - Schinden und keine gekünstelten Problemlos - Schulungen .
Die Dozenten sind erstklassige Fachleute , aber es gibt keine Kleiderordnung und wir verwenden keine vorbereiteten Softwareumgebungen .
Es gibt immer wieder einmal auch Probleme im Kurs und die Teilnehmer erleben , wie der Dozent damit umgeht .
Wir legen großen
Wert darauf , daß wir absolut herstellerneutrale Schulungen bieten und in vielen Kursen sind die Unterschiede , Vor- und Nachteile der einzelnen Distributionen ausdrücklicher Lehrinhalt .
Zum Abschluß jedes Kurses werden Teilnahme - Zertifikate über die jeweiligen Lerninhalte ausgestellt .
In vielen Kursen wechseln sich 2 Dozenten ab , weil jeder sich auf das konzentriert , was er wirklich erstklassig beherrscht .
Meist verteilen wir ein oder mehrere Fachbücher , sowie eigene Ergänzungen und Übersichten , oft wird die Schulung direkt vom jeweiligen Fachbuchautor gehalten .
Dieses Konzept hat den Nachteil , daß Sie - wie früher in der Schule - im Kurs immer wieder auch einmal in den Büchern springen .
Aber es hat den Vorteil , daß unsere Schulungsunterlagen ganz erheblich ausführlicher und aktueller sind , als man es mit einem hausgemachten Skript erreichen könnte .
Und am Ende des Kurses haben
Sie nicht nur Sicherheit im jeweiligen Fachthema gewonnen , sondern Sie nehmen auch gleich die notwendige Originalliteratur mit nach Hause und sind damit vertraut .
Unsere Dozenten trauen sich , auf Teilnehmerwunsch ein Problem zu bearbeiten , das unvorbereitet gerade erst an sie herangetragen wurde .
Aber erwarten
Sie bitte nicht zuviel - der Kursplan läßt natürlich nur kleinere Abschweifungen zu .
Unsere Seminare sind routiniert und wohl vorbereitet , aber nicht glatt , nicht auswendig gelernt .
Wir beginnen täglich um 9
Uhr und schulen ( mit 3 Pausen ) bis 18 Uhr . Auch außerhalb dieser Zeiten steht Ihnen alles bereit , weil Seminarräume , Hotel und Park eine Einheit darstellen , keine Wege , alles ist integriert .
Unkommerziell aussehende Seminare ...
... , die aber selbstverständlich ( auch ) kommerziell sind .
Schulungen im Linuxhotel haben eine gewisse Unkommerzialität .
Viele Veranstaltungen sind umsonst .
Und auch bei bezahlten Seminaren gibt es keine versteckten Zusatzkosten , Kuchen sind selbstgebacken , überall stehen Getränke , Süßigkeiten und Obst bereit .
Ständig wird erweitert und verbessert .
Bei uns erleben
Sie eine konkret funktionierende Gesamt - Installation , kein Gerede von all ’ dem , was " eigentlich " möglich wäre .
Unser Heimkino nutzt einen Linux - PC als Multimediagerät .
Die Alarmkameras sind direkt an das Netzwerk gekoppelt - genauso wie diverse Temperaturfühler , die Telefonanlage und natürlich die Notebooks , mit denen Sie von überall her Zugriff auf ( fast ) alle diese Funktionen haben .
Probieren Sie aus und lernen Sie in unseren Kursen , wie es funktioniert .
Selbstverständlich möchten wir Geld verdienen .
Eine Aktivität , die sich wirtschaftlich nicht trägt , ist instabil , nicht dauerhaft und / oder sie ist abgekoppelt von den Bedürfnissen der Menschen .
Aber es geht nicht nur darum .
Wir sind davon überzeugt , daß die Ziele " Geld verdienen " , " Anderen nützlich sein " , " Freude haben " gleichzeitig erreichbar sind .
Und es sieht so aus , als würde das Linuxhotel zu einem sehr erfolgreichen Beispiel , daß dies möglich ist .
Bevor ich die Geschichte immer wieder schreibe und erzähle , hier ein paar Worte über den Hintergrund des Linuxhotels .
Ein paar Details aus dem Linuxhotel
Eine kleine Linux - Bibliothek steht jedem Besucher offen .
Mit unserem eigenständigen Netzwerk - Adapter koppeln wir Geräte mit RS232 - Schnittstelle direkt ans Netzwerk .
N.B. : Bei der jährlichen Leserumfrage der Fachzeitschrift Elektronik wurde dieser Adapter in der Rubrik " Automatisieren " zum Produkt des Jahres gewählt .
Videokameras zur Einbruchsüberwachung besitzen einen eingebauten Linux - Rechner und hängen direkt am Netzwerk .
Der Einbrecher kann anschließend sämtliche Hardware mitnehmen , seine Frontalaufnahmen wurden bereits zum Provider in eine andere Stadt überspielt .
Manche Temperaturen erfassen wir mit einem Web - Thermometer und zeichnen sie auf .
Abrufbar mit jedem Browser .
Die Temperatur in unserem Werk in Wuppertal ist unter http://www.klima.wut1.de/ abrufbar .
Viele Schalter und Lampen lassen sich ebenfalls über das Intranet steuern .
Sie übernachten in einem der schönsten Hotels des Ruhrgebiets .
Absolut ruhig , in traumhafter Lage , mitten im Privatpark einer 1840 gebauten Villa direkt an der ( heute sauberen ) Ruhr .
Nach vollständiger
Renovierung wurde es Mitte 1999 eröffnet und bietet 10 aufwendig gestaltete Gästezimmer und Suiten , drei Seminarräume , einen großen Freizeit -/ Fitness -/ Saunabereich und natürlich den herrschaftlich angelegten , 25.000 qm großen Park .
Hotel , Gästezimmer und Seminarräume sind mit dem zentralem vDSL - Router vernetzt .
Linux - Computer stehen überall bereit , so daß jede Frage zwanglos direkt geklärt werden kann .
Wenn
Sie möchten , auch abends beim Bier oder auf Ihrem Hotelzimmer ( auf Wunsch sogar mit Ihrem eigenen Privatlehrer ) .
Änderungen in unserem Angebot sind sehr wahrscheinlich - das Linuxhotel ist eine lebendige Einrichtung , die permanent weiterentwickelt wird .
" The registered trademark Linux ® is used pursuant to a sublicense from the Linux Mark Institute , the exclusive LICENSEE of Linus Torvalds , owner of the mark in the U.S. and other countries . "
LONDON ( MarketWatch ) -- The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission early Friday issued an emergency order temporarily banning short selling in the shares of nearly 800 financial institutions .
The regulator said the move was needed " to protect the integrity and quality of the securities market and strengthen investor confidence , " and added it was acting in concert with the U.K. 's Financial Services Authority , which announced a similar ban on Thursday .
The ban , covering a list of 799 stocks , takes effect immediately and runs until midnight on Oct.
2 . The SEC said it may extend the order if it 's necessary to protect investors , but it wo n't last more than 30 days .
See full list of companies .
Financial stocks soared in early Wall Street trading , with Goldman Sachs GS , - 1.14 % , Morgan Stanley MS , - 2.35 % and Wachovia Corp . WB , - 3.74 % all jumping more than 20 % .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average jumped more than 400 points and the S&P 500 index added more than 50 points .
Financial Stocks Stabilizing ?
Earlier U.K. banking stocks made a similar move , with Barclays ( BARC ) BCS , - 0.60 % , the bank that is buying part of Lehman Brothers , up around 35 % .
" The commission is committed to using every weapon in its arsenal to combat market manipulation that threatens investors and capital markets , " said SEC Chairman Christopher Cox in a statement .
" The emergency order temporarily banning short selling of financial stocks will restore equilibrium to markets .
This action , which would not be necessary in a well - functioning market , is temporary in nature and part of the comprehensive set of steps being taken by the Federal Reserve , the Treasury and the Congress , " he added .
Among other steps being taken , U.S. authorities are putting together a plan to move toxic assets off the balance sheets of major U.S. firms in a bid to find a longer - term solution to the credit crisis .
See full story .
The Treasury will also establish a temporary guarantee program to insure the holdings of U.S. money market funds that pay a fee to participate .
See full story .
Disclosure requirements strengthened
Alongside the bar on short selling , the SEC introduced other temporary measures requiring institutional money managers to reveal short positions in certain securities and easing restrictions on the ability of securities issuers to re-purchase their own shares .
Allowing companies to more - easily buy back their own shares will help restore liquidity , the regulator argued .
Responding to the initial FSA short selling ban , Daniel Stewart & Co. analyst Justin Bates said the relief rally in shares will only be temporary .
" It provides nothing more than respite , as [ banks ] still have deficient balance sheets which are in need of recapitalization and indeed they must still go through a painful process of deleveraging , " Bates said .
European regulators take action
Following the move from the U.S. and U.K. watchdogs , some other regulators were also beginning to take action Friday .
The Irish regulator said it has banned anyone except market makers from entering a trade with the aim of profiting from a fall in the shares of Irish banks .
That move helped drive the main Irish index up more than 14 % .
The Australian Securities and Investments Commission also banned naked short selling -- where a stock is sold without making arrangement to borrow it first -- and introduced reporting requirements for other short sales , effective from Monday .
Other regulators did n't change their rules , but indicated they would be taking a tougher stance of monitoring and enforcing them .
The Swiss Federal Bank Commission and SWX Swiss Exchange both issued statements emphasizing that naked short selling is not permitted and contravenes the code of conduct on market abuse .
France 's Autorite des Marches Financiers similarly warned anyone selling shares in France that they must deliver the stock within three days and said it will crack down on anyone breaching that rule .
A spokeswoman for Germany 's regulator , the BaFin , said short selling is not banned in Germany but declined to comment on the situation for naked short selling or whether it is considering a temporary restriction .
Earlier Friday
The Wall Street Journal also reported that large shareholders had already begun to cut back on their lending of shares -- a crucial element of short selling .
Among the investors reigning - in lending is Calpers , the largest U.S. public pension fund , which had stopped lending out shares of Goldman Sachs , Morgan Stanley and Wachovia even before the SEC 's announcement .
When I was doing clinical rotation , I saw this once .
The girl that had it was n't in any pain as she was creeped out .
Go to the ER and let a doctor get it out .
They will flush your ear and make sure all of it comes out .
Anything left behind may cause an infection .
Best wishes .
When he wakes up this morning , Gary McKinnon will be 72 hours from learning whether he is on the fast track to a 60 - year prison sentence , thanks to his obsession with aliens .
McKinnon , 42 , from Enfield in north London , is accused by American prosecutors of illegally accessing top - secret computer systems in what they claimed in one legal document was ' the biggest military computer hack of all time ' .
The self - taught IT expert insists he was simply looking for information the US government had on UFOs and is adamant that he never damaged any of its computer systems .
This argument , however , cuts little ice with the Americans , who are trying to extradite him .
Five years after being told by British police that he would probably get a six - month community service order for his exploits , McKinnon finds himself still wanted by the US authorities .
A 2006 High Court ruling granted the extradition request , and on Wednesday the House of Lords will decide on McKinnon 's appeal against that ruling .
That it should come to this is little short of outrageous , say his supporters .
Soon after he was arrested in 2002 , US prosecutors appeared to offer McKinnon a deal : if he agreed to extradition and admitted his guilt , he would get a sentence of three to four years , most of which could be served in the UK .
When McKinnon rejected the offer - made in confidential meetings at the US embassy - his lawyers were told ' all bets were off ' .
They claim the US prosecutors upped the stakes , suggesting he would be ' treated like a terrorist ' if he did not agree to face trial and plead guilty in the US .
McKinnon claims that at one stage there were suggestions that he would face a military tribunal , possibly at Guantánamo Bay .
' They said they wanted to see me fry , ' he said .
McKinnon 's lawyers claim that attempts to force him to accept a plea bargain constituted ' an unlawful abuse of the court process ' .
A Lords ruling in favour of McKinnon , who has become a cause célèbre for UFO enthusiasts , computer users and civil liberties groups , would force US prosecutors to restart their extradition process in the magistrates ' courts , a major setback that could have ramifications for other Britons resisting removal to the US .
A ruling against him would mean an appeal to the European Court of Human Rights and leave him in legal limbo , banned from travelling abroad , forced to report to police every Friday , and barred from accessing the internet .
In a further twist , it has emerged that a crucial file containing details of the early meetings with the US prosecutors , at which the offers were apparently made , has gone missing from the office of McKinnon 's solicitor .
A laptop holding details of the same meetings was stolen from the car of one of his barristers .
The revelations have prompted febrile speculation among McKinnon 's supporters , who fear that events have taken a sinister turn .
McKinnon believes his phone has been bugged and claims to have been followed .
As a result of his exploits , no IT company will now offer McKinnon a job .
' I think it 's bloody ridiculous , ' he said .
' They should employ me to bust paedophile rings or credit card frauds rather than stick me in jail for the rest of my life . '
These days he earns a living driving a fork - lift truck .
It seems a mundane job for a man who between 1999 and 2002 broke into the most secure computer systems in the world from his north London flat .
Using a computer language called Perl and a cheap PC , McKinnon linked a number of computer systems to search for US databases that were not protected by a password .
' I could scan 65,000 machines in less than nine minutes , ' McKinnon said .
McKinnon unearthed unprotected computer systems operated by the US army , the navy , the Pentagon and Nasa .
On every system he hacked , he left messages .
' It was frightening because they had little or no security , ' he said .
' I was always leaving messages on the desktop saying , " your security is really crap " . '
One message has come back to haunt him .
' I said US foreign policy was akin to government - sponsored terrorism and I believed 9/11 was an inside job .
It was a political diatribe , ' he admitted .
In the end , the ease with which he could hack the systems became his undoing .
' I got sloppy .
I went to places directly rather than jump through systems .
Nasa tracked back my IP address .'
McKinnon 's interest in aliens was started by an internet - based group of UFO enthusiasts called The Disclosure Project .
The group had collected more than 200 testimonies - some from people who have served in the US military - that ' confirm ' that extra-terrestrials exist .
Not only that but , according to McKinnon , some of the testimonies offered proof that ' certain parts of Western intelligence had acquired and reverse - engineered their technology , mainly weaponry and free energy ' .
Intrigued , McKinnon used the testimonies to help him search top - secret US databases for information about free energy .
' I felt if it existed it should be publicly available , ' he said .
He says he came across many other hackers in the supposedly secure systems , many with Chinese and Russian internet addresses .
Since his exploits were exposed , consecutive government reports have confirmed that the US military 's computer systems remain poorly protected .
McKinnon was caught before he could find any confidential information on ' free energy ' , but he saw enough to believe the US authorities are suppressing what they know about aliens .
He says he came across a document written by a Nasa official who claimed the agency has to airbrush UFOs out of satellite photos because ' there are so many of them ' .
With only a 56 k modem , he found that downloading the huge volume of documents was too time - consuming .
But McKinnon claims that he managed to capture almost two - thirds of an image of what he believes was either a UFO or a top - secret US craft operating in space .
The picture was confiscated , along with all the other material McKinnon downloaded .
The material included an Excel spreadsheet entitled ' non-terrestrial officers ' and a list of names .
' It was a really weird phrase , ' McKinnon said .
' Maybe it was the secret development of a space force .
Space is the next frontier and it's already being weaponised . '
His hacking career came to an abrupt end one morning in March 2002 .
The National High Tech Crime Unit searched his flat and arrested McKinnon and his then girlfriend .
' They said " you 'll probably get six months ' community service " , ' McKinnon claimed .
In the end the Crown Prosecution Service decided not to prosecute , but two years later , after crime unit officials visited Washington , apparently taking McKinnon 's hard drive , the US government began extradition proceedings .
' Now I 'm facing 60 years in prison , ' McKinnon said .
' I believe my case is being treated so seriously because they 're scared of what I 've seen .
I 'm living in a surreal , nutter 's film . '
The greatest hackers
Jonathan James
At 16 he was the first juvenile to be jailed ( for six months ) for hacking in 2000 .
He targeted high - profile organisations including Nasa , stealing more than $ 1.7 m worth of software .
Adrian Lamo Broke into organisations such as the New York Times and Microsoft between 2002 - 2003 using internet connections at coffee shops and libraries .
He had to pay $ 65,000 , serve six months of home confinement and two years ' probation .
Kevin Mitnick
The Department of Justice called him ' the most wanted computer criminal in United States history ' for his hacking activities between 1982 and 1992 .
He served five years , eight months in solitary confinement .
Kevin Poulsen Known as Dark Dante , he hacked into LA radio's KIIS - FM phone lines , earning himself a Porsche .
Called ' Hannibal Lecter of computer crime ' for his hacking activities between 1985 and 1991 , he served five years in prison .
Source : itsecurity.com
A reader writes :
I support you raising the questions .
Had the McCain campaign vetted this candidate , they probably would have found these rumors long ago .
They apparently have been swirling in AK for a while now .
The story of her flying back to AK from TX while in labor is just very odd .
In fact , as a woman , I find it totally not credible , but if true , it was reckless .
Her pregnancy , given her age , is high - risk even if she was n't birthing a baby with special needs .
Shame on McCain for not having done his homework .
I can't imagine any candidate for POTUS selecting someone with an open corruption investigation especially when the final report is due a few days before the election .
There 's even a growing acceptance of nuclear power , though it 's grudging in some circles .
As the mostly self - anointed President Obama evolves on this one - expect an " As I 've said consistently " head fake - look for subsidies to shrink , plants to become unaffordable , and the release of The China Syndrome - 30th Anniversary Edition , with an intro by " An Inconvenient Truth " scare - meister Al Gore .
“ Our life is frittered away by detail .
Simplify , simplify . ” – Henry David Thoreau
What would you do if you had an extra hour a day ?
This is a common barrier I run into when I write about making positive life changes : people do n’t have time to pursue their dreams .
People do n’t have time to exercise .
People do n’t have time to get organized .
Well , it ’s time to make time .
By using some combination of the following , you can free up an hour or more a day .
Find the ones that work for you ( not all will work for everyone ) , and then carve out that hour a day .
Then make sure you use that extra hour a day in the best way possible — book that hour on your calendar for something you really , really want to do , whether that ’s work on a goal , write a book , start a business , exercise , read more , or whatever .
Do n’t squander this gift of time !
Make an appointment right after work .
Whether it ’s exercise or working on some other goal , make an appointment to do it right when you get out of work ( at 5 p.m. , for example ) .
This works especially well if you have to meet someone else , such as a workout partner or other group or team or coach or partner .
You ’ll be sure to meet the appointment , which means you wo n’t stick around work too long , and you ’ll be sure to finish all your tasks on time so you can leave on time .
This makes you more efficient in the afternoon especially .
Wake up earlier .
I ’ve written about this before , of course , but I ’ve found time for goals that are important to me by waking a bit earlier .
Exercise , writing , reading — I do those now early in the day , so it does n’t interfere with family time .
Early in the day works well for me and many others , simply because there ’s not much going on to distract or interrupt at this time of day .
Turn off the phones .
You do n’t have to turn off phones all day long , but you should have some unbroken blocks of time when you do n’t take calls , so you can concentrate on your important tasks .
This allows you to get more done in less time , as phone calls can eat up chunks of your day if you let them .
Stop checking email .
This does n’t work for everyone , but if you can stop checking email except at one or two times during the day , you can free up a lot of wasted time .
Checking email constantly takes up a lot of time .
Brown bag it .
Many people I know take an hour or more for lunch .
While a relaxing lunch can be a good thing , if you take lunch to work , you can eat quickly and either spend the extra time 1 ) working on a goal ; or 2 ) getting work done so you can leave earlier .
Plus , brown bagging it saves money too .
Figure out your core work activities .
What is it that you really have to do each day ?
I mean , the stuff you have to do or your job would fall apart .
If you really think about it , a lot of the tasks you do each day ( and phone calls and emails , mentioned above , are included in these tasks ) do n’t really need to be done each day .
Sometimes you can do them less often , sometimes you do n’t need to do them at all .
If you can learn to focus on your core activities , you can get your work done in less time .
Cancel a meeting or two .
Think about the last 4 - 5 meetings you ’ve gone to .
How many of them were really valuable ?
How many of them did you need to be at ?
It depends on your job , but sometimes you can beg out of a meeting — or just outright cancel it if you have that power — and accomplish the same thing through an email or two .
You just saved yourself 30 - 60 minutes per meeting canceled .
Delegate .
Not everyone has this option , but if you can give some of the tasks on your list to others who are better suited to doing those tasks , you ’ll free up time .
Do you really need to be doing everything you do , or can some of those tasks be delegated ?
Consolidate errands .
If you routinely do errands throughout the week , you ’re spending a lot of time driving .
Instead , try to do all errands on one day , and plan out an efficient route .
Most people will save at least an hour a week in total .
Know your priority .
What is the one thing you need to do today ?
Get that done , above all else , and do it first .
After you do that priority task , the rest is extra really .
Cut back on some of the rest to free up time .
Shrink your task list .
Once you ’ve identified your core work activities and your top priority for the day , go over your task list and whittle it down to the essentials .
Put tasks you do n’t need to do now on a someday / maybe list , delete others , delegate others .
Keep your task list down to the essentials , to keep from wasting time .
Say no .
One of the biggest groups of time eaters is requests from other people .
All day long we get requests , in person , on the phone , in email , through paperwork .
Meetings , assignments , requests for information , requests to be on a committee or team … these are all requests that will eat up your time .
Say no to all but the essentials .
Get to the point .
While I ’m a fan of long , slow conversations , if you ’re trying to make time for goals , you need to whittle down needlessly long conversations — especially if it ’s just with a co-worker who is n’t a close friend .
In person or on the phone , you need to get straight to the point with a minimum of chit- chat , and if the other person is n’t getting to the point , politely ask what he needs from you .
Watch less TV .
Many people watch hours of TV a day .
You can easily save an hour a day if you cut TV out , or just watch your single favorite show each day .
Do n’t channel surf .
Read less online .
If you ’re like me , you can spend hours a day reading online .
Limit your online reading and focus on your essential tasks .
Do n’t talk long on the phone .
Long phone conversations can eat up a lot of your time .
Instead , know what you want to accomplish and try to get that done quickly .
If someone else is calling you , encourage them to get to the point , and then wrap it up when you ’re done .
Tell them you have to go because you ’ve got something else to get to .
Avoid IM and Twitter and the like .
I ’m not saying these types of instant communication do n’t have their uses , but if they ’re always on and you ’re always available , you ’re always at the mercy of others .
Instead , just make yourself available at set times if necessary , or not at all if it ’s not necessary .
( And yes , I know the irony of giving this advice after I just started Twittering . )
Search , do n’t file .
I used to spend a lot of time filing all my computer files and all my emails into nice , organized folders .
I ’d spend time every day doing this .
Now , I just archive everything , on computer and email , and search when I need something .
With Quicksilver on the Mac , every file is within a few keystrokes .
With Gmail , every email is accessible instantly .
No time spent filing !
Leave early .
If you ’re using these time - saving tips , you should be able to finish your essential work early .
If so , do n’t use the extra time to just do more work … leave early !
Of course , you ’ll probably have to talk to your boss about this , but many people have flexible hours and many bosses would be happy to let you go early if you get your work done .
If you set your own hours , set an earlier time to leave and you ’ll ensure that you get your work done by that time .
Get the kids to help out .
At home , if you have kids , it saves huge heaploads of time if you let the kids help with cleaning and other tasks .
At first , of course , it will cost you time because you have to teach them to do things .
But once they learn … it ’ll free up much of your time .
My kids can help clean the house , reducing by 2/3 the amount of time I have to spend cleaning .
Of course , they made the mess in the first place , but that ’s another story .
Educate others .
Is there something that other people submit to you that you routinely have to edit or reformat ?
Teach these people ( maybe with an FAQ or tutorial ) how to do it right or how you need it so you do n’t have to make changes .
Are there mistakes people are doing that you routinely have to fix ?
Are there things you have to do yourself because others do n’t know how to do it ?
Educate them , and save yourself tons of time .
It takes time at first , but the payoff is huge .
Automate things .
If people submit stuff to you , or if you routinely have to do routine work , find ways to have the process automated .
Technology works wonders these days .
Just say , “ That ’s enough . ”
Often you are overloaded with information and tasks .
But if you do n’t respond to all of your emails today , or do n’t read all of the posts in your RSS reader , or do n’t get to all the tasks on your to - do lists … what will happen ?
If nothing drastic will happen , consider stopping when you ’ve gotten to enough .
Start work early .
If you work before everyone gets in the office , you wo n’t have constant interruptions and distractions .
You ’ll be amazed how much you can get done between 6 a.m. and 8 a.m.
I used to do it when I worked in an office , and because I did n’t take a lunch break — I at ate my desk while working ) I could get off at 2 p.m. and spend time with my kids .
Give others authority .
If you have to approve things or make decisions , you might be a bottleneck — things move slower if they have to be channeled through you .
Instead , give others the authority to make decisions — with clear instructions about what decisions should be made under what circumstances , and what the limits of their authority are .
That ’ll remove a bottleneck and free you up from having to make a bunch of huge decisions .
Just have a way to monitor things as necessary .
—
If you liked this article , please share it on Yahoo Buzz , del.icio.us , StumbleUpon or Digg .
I ’d appreciate it . :)
Gods among menus
Too Human
Developer : Silicon Knights
Publisher : Microsoft
Platform : Xbox 360
Price : $ 59.99 ( Shop. Ars )
Rating : Teen
As a game ten years in the making — one that was originally conceived as a PlayStation title when Sony 's inaugural gray box was only just beginning to hit its stride —
Too Human has the misfortune of being a long - awaited title from a studio that does n't make many games .
I say " misfortune , " because hype and expectation will be the only things that hurt the otherwise enjoyable experience that the game offers .
So much is expected of this title , one of the first big guns in Microsoft 's holiday line - up , that it 's almost impossible for this modest game to live up to everything some gamers will want from it .
This was only exacerbated by the amount of drama surrounding the title .
The game 's director , Denis Dyack , who spoke to Ars at length about his game , caused quite a stir when he publicly defended his game on a popular internet message board .
Combined with the hardships that the team has overcome working on a project so long in the making and less - than - positive early previews of the title , Too Human is sadly coming out of the gate with the weight of the world on its shoulders — something that will undoubtedly reflect how some will react to it .
Too Human is the first in a trilogy of titles from Canadian developer Silicon Knights .
The company is best known for its three preceding titles : Metal Gear Solid : Twin Snakes , Eternal Darkness , and Legacy of Kain .
All of these titles were first and foremost cinematic experiences , and Too Human is no different .
Though the game is certainly an action - oriented affair , with tons of dungeon - crawling , loot - grabbing , and exploration to be had , the story of the title is perhaps the most interesting part — at least , it 's meant to be .
Norse Mythology 101
A rarity in Western games , Too Human draws largely on Norse mythology for its backdrop .
Whereas most gamers would be instantly familiar with the likes of Zeus , Hades , and other members of the Greek pantheon , Norse myth is not as readily related to .
And while this Norse part of Too Human shines as wholly unique and involving as a result , it may only really engage someone who 's already familiar with the mythology .
You see , Too Human does n't explicitly spell out every relationship in the Norse mythos .
And , like Greek myth , those relationships are fundamental to understanding how and why figures interact with one another .
To spare the history lesson , suffice to say that Too Human uses what the team may have taken for granted as common knowledge but that may elude the unstudied gamer : the gamer who does n't understand the relationship between Freya and Baldur in the greater scheme of things , or does n't understand the importance of the World Tree with relation to the mythical world the characters inhabit and with Odin , whose watchful ravens could easily be misconstrued as the work of Loki .
As a result , to some it may seem as though the narrative of the game has plot holes and , indeed , this may very well be the case .
Having a strong background in this branch of mythology , I was able to follow along intently , but not every gamer may be able to do so .
Because of the fast pace of the narrative , it 's quite possible that the finer details may wind up getting lost on the average player , for whom the story otherwise ultimately boils down to a case of petty revenge .
The unique interpretation of Norse mythology makes Too Human a stand - out RPG title .
Frankly , that 's a shame .
It would have been really nice if a text primer on the mythos was included just to get the uninformed up to speed because this particular interpretation of Norse myth is actually quite compelling .
Technology and religion blend seamlessly to create a science - fiction retelling of one particular plot arc of the mythos admirably ; gamers who dig Halo will likely eat this game up without truly understanding what 's going on behind the scenes .
The juxtaposition of a mythology rooted in fantasy with contemporary mores and plausible technology works really well .
There is still some return to fantasy , such as when the player dips into a dream - like state to visit the Faye , who represent the remaining religion in an otherwise God-less world , but for the most part the fantasy is surprisingly grounded .
While you will certainly enjoy the story more with that historical backing , what is there is good on its own merits .
This is an RPG , after all , and you 'll find a healthy portion of cut - scenes , melodrama , narration , and brooding overtones to go along with the hack - and - slash action .
Particular themes in the story are quite compelling .
In the world of Too Human , gamers assume the role of Baldur , who is quite simply a God .
But these particular gods blend and mesh with humanity in a way that 's not often seen in fantasy .
Baldur and his brothers are mortal , and they are as flawed with human emotion , which creates an interesting dynamic as the humans who fight and die for the gods begin to learn that those who they 've held on a pedestal are n't quite as flawless as they may seem .
These kind of undertones , in addition to the final event at the game 's closing , are clearly the ties with which the next game will continue .
And the teaser for the next game is certainly huge , as it were , but it 's a good one — especially for any fans of Shadow of the Colussus .
The ending is n't a cliffhanger , per say , but it certainly leaves judicious amounts of room left for the second and third titles that will follow .
Too Human 's narrative is not flawless , though .
As I mentioned , at times the story can seem a little disjointed , as everything is n't exactly spelled out explicitly .
The pacing of some sequences can also be a bit strange at certain points in the story , which can make the narrative hard to follow , and the transition between action and story - telling is awkward in places , most notably in the flashback sequences .
And some of the dialogue can come off as corny — especially the lines uttered by the human Wolf soldiers who follow Baldur into battle for the majority of the game .
What 's important to take away from this is that Too Human is a game that 's meant to be replayed : the story is only one piece , and to have it succinctly told and concluded is for the better .
On my first play - through , I beat the game opening cut - scene to ending credits in 13:31:28 .
Most of that time was spent plundering through the story without much derivation from the beaten story path .
There really is n't any needless filler in the game ; there is no time when you do n't have a clear goal should you chose to pass on exploring .
You 're never forced to grind or explore tedious areas if you do n't want to .
And when you get tired of hearing the Aesir wax poetic , you can continue to kick ass and gather loot for quite some time .
There 's at least a hundred hours of gameplay with just this first installment of the trilogy — that is , if you actually like the gameplay engine .
Kicking enemies in the Fenrir
At its core , Too Human is like just about any other dungeon - crawler out there .
Most of the time , you 'll be wading through creatures and collecting loot in dungeons , maxing out your stats with rare crafted armor , various socketed enhancements , and even color dyes , and gaining experience and skill points to strengthen your character .
The game has all of the ingredients to fuel a never - ending quest for items , and the fact that you can , at any time , jump into a game with a friend and play together makes for an addictive experiences the likes of which has n't been very common on the Xbox 360 .
It 's a welcome change from the norm in terms of retail releases for the platform .
From the outset , there 's quite a bit of customization to be had for the player character .
There are five classes in the game , each offering some variation of either melee proficiency or ranged proficiency .
All characters are able to wield nearly every weapon type , so class decisions are generally a reflection of what kind of special skills you want your character to posses .
The Berserker and Champion classes are the basic melee warriors , with abilities focused on dealing more damage and stringing together longer combos .
The Commando is the de facto ranger character .
The Defender is the damage - soaking class — not necessarily the most versatile , but tough to knock down and the only class capable of using a shield .
And lastly , the Bio Engineer is the token healing class that can only heal effectively by stringing together long combos .
Whichever you chose , though , you 'll find yourself perfectly capable of besting what the game dishes out .
Combat can get mighty hectic , with bigger battles having dozens upon dozens of mobs .
Each class has its own skill tree that players can use to produce various builds of any of the given classes .
Skills points are rewarded with each level - up , and these are used to traverse the trees .
Early on in the game , a story point also requires players to chose between being a human or a cybernetic , which adds another two branches to the main skill tree .
Together , that means there are 10 different permutations of possible player character with , generally speaking , three main build - types per permutation for a total of , again generally speaking , 30 possible characters .
At the outset , many of the classes play the same , but once you have deepened both your faction tree and your class tree , the way that each class plays is markedly different .
I feared explosions and spammed heals as a Bio Engineer on my first play - through , only to enjoy the luxury of near - invincibility and ice powers as a Defender on the second play - through .
Of course , points can be spread as the player wishes , so the actual range of possibilities is much more vast , and the player can also redistribute points for a cost .
Player levels max out at 50 in this first part of the triology , and after my first play - through I was only at level 28 for a single class .
Maxing out every class to fifty alone will take quite some time , let alone all the different builds .
So there 's quite a bit of gameplay to be had , especially considering that each of the game 's four multi- hour dungeons can be replayed at any time when visiting the main hub town , either in single player or multiplayer , and progress in the main campaign is n't interrupted by switching out : you 're free to go replay dungeons or play online and then return to the campaign with all that you 've gained .
Green Party leader Elizabeth May smiles during a federal election campaign news conference in Toronto , in this recent photo from September 12 , 2008 .
Canadians will head to the polls in a federal election October 14 .
REUTERS / Mike Cassese
OTTAWA ( Reuters ) -
The leader of Canada ’s Green Party , unveiling an election platform that includes a proposal to legalize marijuana , apologised on Wednesday for not having smoked pot .
“ I am not a fan of marijuana use .
I have to confess this -- I know all politicians are asked .
I ’ve never used marijuana .
I apologise , ” said Elizabeth May , who won extra attention this year by being allowed to join the televised national leaders ’ debates .
The Greens ’ platform proposes to allow the sale of marijuana to adults through licensed distribution outlets , generating about C$ 1 billion ( 520 million pounds ) annually in taxes .
The more high - profile part of the party ’s platform would impose C$ 36 billion ( 18.7 billion pounds ) to C$ 37 billion a year in carbon taxes on fossil fuels as part of a program -- similar to a more modest plan proposed by the Liberal Party -- to shift taxation from income to consumption .
May also said the Green Party would slash military spending and subsidies to industry , and keep the federal budget in surplus .
The Greens poll at about 8 to 10 percent at the moment and could be hard pressed to keep their one seat in Parliament .
Oliver Burkeman reports from the Campaign for Liberty
guardian.co.uk
Wild cheers often fill the Target Centre in Minneapolis , home to the Minnesota Timberwolves basketball team .
Until this week , though , it had n't usually been because someone had urged the crowd to unite to fight the secret government plan to merge the United States , Canada and Mexico into a single entity , or because they 'd mentioned the name of the economist Friedrich Hayek .
But these were regular occurrences at the Rally For The Republic , a libertarian counter - convention held just across the river from the official one by the former Republican presidential candidate Ron Paul .
A crowd that organisers estimated at 10,000 clapped and screamed as conservative heroes such as Barry Goldwater and Jesse Ventura took the stage .
These were dark times for America - " the future of the Republic is bleak , " Paul himself warned in a speech during the 10 - hour proceedings .
But there was solace in coming together to plot the revolution .
Exactly what that revolution might entail , though , was unclear .
Paul supports what he sees as a strict return to America 's constitution , including the abolition of federal income taxes , the Federal Reserve , and most departments of the US government .
But his is also an exceptionally broad church .
The cable news host Tucker Carlson , who introduced the day 's events , remembered first meeting the Texan congressman : " I did n't agree with his whole outlook , " he said , " but he did n't care .
He was completely uninterested in having me , or anyone else , sign up to a 30 - point programme that was in effect a cult of personality . "
If anything , Paul 's is a cult of no personality : the 73 - year - old is a diminutive , avuncular presence , courteous without being overly warm , a vessel for his supporters ' widely varying preoccupations .
" People talk about a big tent , " one supporter said , " but Ron Paul has taken a razor blade and cut the tent wide open . "
This is one reason why his presidential bid proved a surprise phenomenon , using a well - organised internet campaign to rouse independent - minded voters disaffected with both major parties .
But for liberals , discussions with Paul and his supporters are disorienting .
They are opposed to the war in Iraq , and to government invasions of privacy , and to the unfettered power of corporations .
On the other hand , they oppose gun control , government welfare , abortion , most taxes , and the United Nations ; some suspect 9/11 was a US government conspiracy .
" Most of America does n't really understand the issues the way Ron Paul supporters do , so a lot of them think we 're nuts , or just extreme , " said Drew Delavera , a young former Republican from Florida .
" But if they took the time to read the constitution , they 'd see we 're not so nutty .
They 'd see we 're just going back to the basics . "
To drive home the point , supporters at the rally handed out copies of the Bill of Rights ; some wore costumes of the American revolutionary era .
Paul won only a handful of delegates to the official Republican convention , and says the party refused to give him proper access credentials .
Not that he seemed to care much : " I think the two parties have blended together , over many years , " he told the Guardian .
Some supporters argued that his defeat in the primaries actually helped .
" If we had sent Ron Paul to Washington , he would still have had to battle the machine of everyone else , " said Jennifer Riley , from North Dakota .
The very - big - tent approach has attracted controversy : Paul was forced to dissociate himself from racist statements contained in newsletters issued under his name , and he refused to return money donated by a supporter with connections to a white supremacist group .
" If somebody sends me money and has a weird belief and I did n't know about it , I do n't see that as a big deal , " he said .
" If they 're bad people , why should I give them back their money ?
I 'd rather see us use their money for good things . "
The revolutionaries had descended on Minneapolis from across the country , many travelling in bus charters known as Ronvoys ; after the rally they were due to decamp to a Minnesota dairy farm for a six - day festival , Ronstock .
Paul seemed quietly thrilled to be the incongruous star of the show .
" The campaign for the presidency is over , but the enthusiasm is not , " he said .
" It has really only just begun . "
Yesterday , I finally chose a candidate and have decided to support Barack Obama .
Neither Obama nor Clinton are perfect and each has questions that need to be answered , however , Mr. Obama has demonstrated that he can galvanize the country and possibly unite us in a positive manner we have n’t witnessed in years - and we ’re long overdue to come - together and solve our problems and issues in a concerted spirit of healing the country .
I do have some questions in regard experience , however , a good President is advised by a Cabinet that is hand - picked and “ supposed ” to be representative of the foremost experts in their fields .
Presidents are sometimes made by the expertise of their advisor ’s , as there are too many issues for one man to review in - depth himself .
I believe the Obama Cabinet will adhere to those standards rather then partisan appointments such as we witnessed in the Bush administration , and now that we have seen first - hand the damage of unbridled partisanship and how it distorts a President ’s world - view and perception of important events , I believe Obama will choose a cabinet that will represent some of the best talent America has to offer .
We need a President with charisma who can address the nation and the global audience and be taken seriously - who will inspire other nations to believe that America is making a turn toward the right course - to be accomplished in a responsible manner , but we also need a President that will form a strong diplomatic corp that will work to undue and attempt to mitigate the damage of the Bush administration .
The GOP is already beginning to employ the politics of fear , and it ’s time to end this primary with dignity and a belief that Mr. Obama will indeed be a true “ uniter ” that can help to lead America though times that have become extremely troubled and fraught with danger .
I have hopes that uniting behind a Senator that has proven to be the most Liberal Senator on record during his short tenure will continue with those beliefs with his Presidency , but that he will also remain strong on national defense and work to create a multi-national task - force on terrorism where we involve the world in fighting and winning a bitter match that threatens much of Europe and other allies abroad instead of attempting to lead the fight , expending our recourses on no-bid contracts and billions of dollars that appear to have disappeared into thin air on a war that was started based on deceit and lies !
Our wars that breed even more terrorism need to stop , and we need to concentrate on regions that harbor and encourage attacking American and allied targets .
But , even with the hope of electing a President that ’s prepared to unite the country , we cannot forget the past Seven ( 7 ) long and disastrous years we ’ve been through , and the financial ramifications are barely beginning to fully manifest themselves , and there ’s rough sailing ahead for the entire country .
Repairing this mess wo n’t be easy , however , the election of Barack Obama is likely to raise the value of the dollar and confidence in the United States , all key components of our economy as a whole .
That wo n’t solve the problem , but it does go a long way to enhancing our recovery efforts .
Nevertheless , even though I maintain a strong belief in our Constitution and Bill of Rights , both have failed to protect the principles that established our nation this past seven years ; the Justice Department has been stacked and has a distinctive conservative leaning , although that ’s not representative of the US attitude and beliefs as a whole ; the President himself stands in contempt of the American people and our Congress , yet a Congress voted - in to protect the people and uphold their basic function of protecting our constitution , the rule of law , and stand as guardians of our democratic process have failed miserably in their duty , leaving the people to suffer under the oppression of the Bush administration as we have watched in horror as our industry is outsourced and or economy has become as fragile as our ecology .
LINK
No Matter Whether It ’s Hillary or Obama elected as President - WE MUST INSURE THIS DOES NOT HAPPEN AGAIN !
I am one person with one idea , however , there must be hundreds , if not thousands of ideas on how we can legally protect ourselves from allowing this to happen to our nation again .
In the interests of getting some of our more talented political writers and political strategists interested in taking off a few minutes of their time and editorializing on “ how ” we can prevent a catastrophe of this nature from happening again in our foreseeable future , Justanothercoverup is proposing a series of Op - Ed and articles , submitted by anyone that chooses , to expand upon and provide concepts and ideas that can be forwarded to our Congress and both Presidential Candidates ..
The ugly head of fascism has risen across this great nation , and it appears that our only real defense , when it comes down to the nitty - gritty is the voice of the people themselves - and we need to insure that when it ’s needed , the people will be heard !
We propose to offer a prize pool for articles and essays that address this issue and present viable solutions that could be presented to members of Congress for their perusal and consideration .
I feel so strongly about this matter and wish to open a dialog between some of our best - known , and also the unknown writers that post exceptional material on the Internet in bursts of pure inspiration .
To “ sweeten the pot ” , the writer who receives the most votes will receive a grand prize of $ 100.00 ; the second - place winner will receive $ 50.00 and third - place will receive $ 25.00
If we begin to receive some exceptional ideas that begin to garner support among the readership and the traffic increases appreciably , we will request donations to sweeten the pot even more and attempt to draw - in writers that otherwise may not have participated .
With enough work we could formulate viable and bipartisan solutions that one day soon may lead to legislation to Protect America from anyone that refuses to honor their sworn duty to uphold and protect the Constitution of The United States .
We request that these suggestions be well laid - out and based on sound legal principles or new ones that are “ res nova . ” but have a firm basis in international law .
The “ prima facie ” case for change to protect the people has already been made as witnessed by the past seven ( 7 ) years of incompetence , mismanagement , and downright cronyism that has cost the American taxpayers billions of dollars .
We must first survive the initial onslaught of consequences that will result from President Bush ’s poor management of our country , but it ’s also imperative to enact legal measures to prevent a similar incident from occurring in the future as well .
I propose that the entry period be anytime from this Friday to the middle of May .
( The entry date could be extended until the last minute of the contest , although it would take a flurry of voting to catch - up with a popular , earlier submission - but it could happen . )
The official start date will begin on April 1st , 2008 , and will end on midnight , the 1st day of May 2008 .
Entries will be voted on by the readership , and will be posted in an adjacent forum for discussion and voting after appearing on Justanothercoverup .
Authors will be at liberty to post their material in other places as well ; we ’re not attempting to take traffic away from anyone , but create a “ simmering pot ” exclusively for this idea alone .
The forum will entertain debate and suggestions as the readership dictates , but will be limited to the subject at hand .
The popularity of the individual articles will be displayed by their position on the forum and the views each of them receive .
The winner will be decided by individual votes , all made by the public which will be shown in real - time as the articles are read and rated by interested viewers .
The only subject this forum will entertain are the suggestions and articles that are posted to prevent this type of tragedy from happening in the future , I have no interest in forming a full - time discussion forum , do n’t have the time , and if this endeavor becomes successful , I may appeal to some of the better - known forums for help in part - time moderation of the forum .
Good moderators are hard to come by , and I value the people who diligently supervise some of our best known political forums .
My suggestion to this debacle and preventing it in the future is a constitutional amendment that gives the American people the power to recall en errant President via a referendum process .
This is a matter that I need to look into and investigate as to how it could work , what it would take to trigger such an event , and most of the technicalities I can think of .
I will be researching this idea and this will be the theme of my personal entry which will also be judged by the general readership , and the final will be posted as it were any other entry .
( But I am tagging this suggestion as my own . )
( Which does n't mean that others cannot use the same theme ; how it is articulated and presented - and the skill in doing so , will allow several people to write on ideas that are similar to each other - however in the end , the " best " articles will be those which the public chooses based on their own interpretation of the material . )
All of my life I have been opposed to amending the constitution , however , when we find that the rest of our sacred safeguards have broken down , then it ’s time to implement new ones that will give the final say where it actually belongs - firmly by and through the voice of the people of the United States !
Obama says “ Yes we can ” and I say we can also prevent a situation such as this from arising again without the people themselves standing on the sideline , helpless to do anything meaningful other than feel the utter despair as we watch our great nation being torn - down economically and becoming a society that we normally would envision to exist in Russia or China .
As a nation , we stand perilously close to tyranny and oppression of a magnitude yet to be understood , but in Obama , baring any interference from the GOP or Bush ’s Neo-ons , we actually stand a chance of reclaiming this country and when we do so , it ’s imperative that we the people take measures to insure that it ca n’t happen again .
If the response is good and we wind - up with three ( 3 ) proposals that make sense and appeal to the general public , it ’s our intention to send each member of Congress a professionally bound copy of the top three essays / Op - Eds with any relevant comments that resulted from discussion of that particular submission from the discussion forum .
We also intend to send each Presidential contender , Democrat and GOP , those same three articles .
Further , with the permission of a major news aggregator , we will highlight those three winning submissions and create an action page so they can readily be submitted via email to your appropriate Congressmen and or newspaper .
Justanothercoverup is being submitted as a non-profit organization , and to date , all of our advertising income has gone back into enhancements for the site .
Justanothercoverup is now hosted on an ultra high - sped server to handle increased traffic and graphics without noticeably slowing - down during high - traffic periods , and tomorrow an SEO organization will begin optimizing the site , creating Meta - Tags , and increasing our exposure to search engines we traditionally receive poor results from .
In short , those authors who do enter this contest are likely to receive high exposure of their Op - Eds / Articles and ideas .
If you are interested in participating in this contest to discuss and attempt to raise a solution that will help to protect us from this ever happening again , please address an email to wjcormier@bellsouth.net .
As soon as the total reaches 25 early entrants , I will open the contest and create the appropriate forum to host the entries in addition to them being posted initially on Justanothercoverup .
Rules governing the contest will be sent out to each competing writer .
All writers entering the contest will also have an account created with posting rights , but in order to reduce the incidence of Spam , all entries will have to be moderated before they can be published .
( Only to check to make sure they fit - in with the theme we ’re attempting to promote .
Under no circumstances would an entry be posted that had been edited without express permission of the author - and unless it ’s to add % $ #*& where a foul word was used , there will be no editing of material .
I request no foul language , as this site is constantly accessed by schools and colleges pursuing the many subjects that are written about herein .
William Cormier
We take pride in the fact that since setting up in 1981 we have aimed for constant quality improvements in everything that we undertake .
We guarantee the quality of our work .
Poor training is expensive whatever the price .
The best testimony to our high quality and effective training is our repeat business rate , which is over 90 % .
This figure also includes clients who originally approached us for one - off work .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The mayor of New Orleans has issued a mandatory evacuation order for the entire city , as Hurricane Gustav bears down on the US Gulf Coast .
Ray Nagin said residents of the city 's West Bank should begin moving out at 0800 ( 1300 GMT ) on Sunday , with the East Bank leaving at midday ( 1700 GMT ) .
He called it " the storm of the century " and added : " You need to be scared " .
Gustav , which is forecast to strengthen to a Category 5 storm over the Gulf , powered through western Cuba overnight .
Anyone who 's thinking of staying - rethink it , get out of town
Ray Nagin
New Orleans mayor Gustav ploughed through Cuba's Isla de la Juventud , or Isle of Youth , overnight on Saturday before hitting the mainland in Pinar del Rio province , home to Cuba 's lucrative tobacco plantations .
The storm , which has now moved into the Gulf of Mexico , currently has maximum sustained winds of nearly 240 km /h ( 150 m ph ) , with even stronger gusts .
At least 300,000 people have been evacuated in Cuba , says the BBC 's correspondent there , Michael Voss .
There has been extensive flooding and reports of severe damage where the storm has hit , but no reports of fatalities .
Officials on Isla de la Juventud said that nearly all the island 's roads were washed out and many areas were underwater .
No help Hours before Mr Nagin spoke , a hurricane watch was put in place along America 's North Gulf coast , from Texas along to the Alabama - Florida border .
HURRICANE CATEGORIES FIVE : Winds over 155 mph ( 249 km / h ) .
Storm surge more than 18ft ( 5.4 m ) above normal .
Only three such US landfall hurricanes - Labour Day 1935 , Camille 1969 and Andrew 1992 FOUR : Winds 131-155 mph .
Storm surge 13-18ft THREE : Winds 111-130mph .
Storm surge 9 -12 ft.
Katrina hit New Orleans as a three .
TWO : Winds 96 - 110 mph .
Storm surge 6 -8ft ONE : Winds 74 - 95 mph .
Storm surge 4 - 5 ft Source : Saffir - Simpson Scale / US National Hurricane Centre
In pictures : Hurricane Gustav Preparing for Gustav
The BBC's Kevin Connolly , in New Orleans , says Mr Nagin spoke in " passionate and desperate " terms , telling a televised news conference the storm was " so powerful " and growing more powerful every day .
" I 'm not sure we 've seen anything like it , " he told reporters at City Hall .
Mr Nagin said Gustav - expected to make landfall on Monday or Tuesday - was more powerful than Hurricane Katrina .
That storm , which hit New Orleans in 2005 , killed some 1,800 people and caused hundreds of billions of dollars worth of damage .
Addressing anyone considering riding out Gustav , Mr Nagin said : " I have news for you - that would be one of the biggest mistakes of your life " .
The mayor said he was aiming for a 100 % evacuation , which extends to members of the emergency services - fewer than 50 city workers will remain in the city .
Mr Nagin described the threat facing New Orleans in stark terms , calling Gustav " the mother of all storms " and urging people to follow the evacuation order .
Mr Nagin said that there would be no emergency services to help anyone who chose to remain in the city .
" If you are stubborn enough , if you are not taking this as seriously as we need you to take it , and if you decide to stay ; you are on your own . "
The mayor , who was in office when New Orleans was hit by Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , said those who stayed would almost certainly be stranded in a flooded city .
Predicted route of Hurricane Gustav ( 30 August 2008 )
Enlarge Image
" Anyone who decides to stay , I 'll say it like I said it before Katrina : make sure you have an axe , because you will be carving your way , or busting your way out of your attic to get on your roof with waters that you will be surrounded with in this event , " he said .
" So anyone who 's thinking of staying , rethink it , get out of town . "
Our correspondent says that thousands of people were already beginning to leave the city before the evacuation order was announced , joining a continuous stream of vehicles heading north .
State governor of Louisiana Bobby Jindal was in New Orleans to observe the evacuation taking place .
" We 're pleased to see so many people taking the evacuation order seriously , you 're literally seeing tens of thousands of people being evacuated from this Union passenger station right here .
You know it just would n't be appropriate to have a festive occasion while a near tragedy or a terrible challenge is presented in the form of a natural disaster
John McCain , on the Republican National Convention " You 're seeing people go by bus , by train , they are being taken by bus to the airport to be flown out of harms way as well .
We can fly 700 people per hour out . "
Meanwhile , Republican party presidential candidate John McCain and his running mate Sarah Palin announced they would travel to Mississippi on Sunday to observe storm preparations there .
Republican officials are considering what to do about the party 's National Convention ( due to open on Monday ) depending on when and where the storm hits .
Mr McCain hinted there might be changes to the tone of the gathering , rather than a cancellation of the event .
He told Fox News : " You know it just would n't be appropriate to have a festive occasion while a near tragedy or a terrible challenge is presented in the form of a natural disaster , so we 're monitoring it from day to day and I 'm saying a few prayers , too . "
The hurricane has already claimed the lives of more than 80 people in the Caribbean .
It has swept through Haiti , the Dominican Republic and Jamaica over the past week , causing widespread damage .
It has strengthened rapidly from a tropical storm to a Category 4 hurricane , and is expected to grow to a Category 5 storm - the maximum on the scale - as it crosses the Gulf of Mexico .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Setting Expectations
Few who believe in the potential of the Web deny the value of books .
But they argue that it is unrealistic to expect all children to read “ To Kill a Mockingbird ” or “ Pride and Prejudice ” for fun .
And those who prefer staring at a television or mashing buttons on a game console , they say , can still benefit from reading on the Internet .
In fact , some literacy experts say that online reading skills will help children fare better when they begin looking for digital - age jobs .
Some Web evangelists say children should be evaluated for their proficiency on the Internet just as they are tested on their print reading comprehension .
Starting next year , some countries will participate in new international assessments of digital literacy , but the United States , for now , will not .
Image A NEW GENERATION Nadia Konyk , 15 , has a small book collection but prefers reading online .
Credit ... Nicole Bengiveno / The New York Times
Clearly , reading in print and on the Internet are different .
On paper , text has a predetermined beginning , middle and end , where readers focus for a sustained period on one author ’s vision .
On the Internet , readers skate through cyberspace at will and , in effect , compose their own beginnings , middles and ends .
Young people “ are n’t as troubled as some of us older folks are by reading that does n’t go in a line , ” said Rand J. Spiro , a professor of educational psychology at Michigan State University who is studying reading practices on the Internet .
“ That ’s a good thing because the world does n’t go in a line , and the world is n’t organized into separate compartments or chapters . ”
Some traditionalists warn that digital reading is the intellectual equivalent of empty calories .
Often , they argue , writers on the Internet employ a cryptic argot that vexes teachers and parents .
Zigzagging through a cornucopia of words , pictures , video and sounds , they say , distracts more than strengthens readers .
And many youths spend most of their time on the Internet playing games or sending instant messages , activities that involve minimal reading at best .
Last fall the National Endowment for the Arts issued a sobering report linking flat or declining national reading test scores among teenagers with the slump in the proportion of adolescents who said they read for fun .
By Mark O’Neill
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
If you have a US criminal record and you want to keep it hidden , then you will soon be out of luck .
Anyone with an Internet connection who knows your full name and birthdate will be able to easily look it up on Criminal Searches – for free .
The site covers all 50 states in the US and it has privacy advocates choking on their Cheerios .
No longer do people have to hire expensive private investigators to check into people ’s backgrounds – all they need is to type the person ’s name into Criminal Searches .
But in a newspaper interview , the site owner admits there are faults with his service .
Some law enforcement agencies are digitizing their files faster than others and if you do n’t know the person ’s birthdate , it ’s very easy to confuse one identity with another .
Plus there is concern that people will start to abuse the database .
Criminal Searches makes the task of finding if someone has an old criminal record so easy , it ’s not hard to imagine that this information could be used for nefarious purposes .
What do you think ?
Is ‘ Criminal Searches ’ a worthwhile public service or a potential disaster waiting to happen ?
Courthouse Confessions
In Their Own Words
Making Sense
Hot Commodities , Stuffed Markets , and Empty Bellies
What 's behind higher food prices ?
By Ben Collins
This article is from the July / August 2008 issue of Dollars & Sense : The Magazine of Economic Justice available at http://www.dollarsandsense.org
This article is from the July / August 2008 issue of Dollars & Sense magazine .
Since 2003 , prices of basic agricultural commodities such as corn , wheat , soybeans , and rice have skyrocketed worldwide , threatening to further impoverish hundreds of millions of the world 's poor .
Shifts in fundamental supply and demand factors for food grains have undoubtedly contributed to higher food prices .
Prominent among these shifts are the increasing diversion of food crops for biofuel production in the United States and Europe ; sustained drought and water scarcity in Australia 's wheat - growing regions ; flooding in the U.S. grain belt ; rising prices for oil and fertilizer worldwide ; and the adoption of European and American meat - rich diets by the growing middle classes throughout Asia .
On top of these recent developments , long - term threats to worldwide agricultural output have eroded the world food system 's resilience in the face of changing supply and demand .
Although decades in the making , a loss of agricultural capacity worldwide caused by soil depletion , climate change , water scarcity , and urbanization has begun to take its toll on food production .
Moreover , half a century of import restrictions and cheap agricultural exports by wealthy countries has devastated domestic food production capacity in poorer countries , forcing many countries that were once self - sufficient to rely on imported food from the world market .
At the same time , however , the growing presence of buy - and - hold investors in commodity markets has prompted heated debate among commodity traders , economists , and politicians over other possible causes of higher commodity prices apart from supply and demand shifts .
Since 2001 , the declining value of the U.S. dollar , low U.S. interest rates , weak stock market returns , and accelerating inflation have drawn investment dollars away from stocks and into non-traditional investments such as commodities .
This flight to perceived safety in commodity markets turned into a stampede in 2007 and early 2008 , as a credit - induced financial crisis in the United States compounded these existing stresses on global financial markets .
Rising commodity prices and financial speculation on food are not new phenomena .
The 1970s saw a similar rise in commodity prices in the United States , and in the 1920s , U.S. investors formed commodity pools to bet on commodity price movements .
But the quantity and liquidity of money flowing through today 's global markets is unprecedented in human history .
The current commodities boom could be a sign of looming agricultural scarcity , or it may prove to be a short - lived speculative bubble that will deflate over the next few months or years .
But regardless of where agricultural commodity prices are headed , the boom has already begun to transform how food is financed , grown , and sold , and may dramatically change how people around the world eat ( or do n't ) .
Commodity investment goes retail
Commodity exchanges exist as a mechanism for the producers and consumers of grains , energy , and livestock to transfer risk to financial institutions and other traders .
For example , wheat farmers might seek to reduce the risk of price fluctuations by selling a contract for the future delivery of their wheat crop on a commodity exchange .
This futures contract will guarantee a price for the farmer selling the contract , enabling them to pay for their planting costs , and avoid the risk that the price of wheat may decrease between the date they sell the contract and the date they agree to deliver the wheat .
Food giants such as Kraft and Nabisco , as well as smaller bakers and grain consumers , typically purchase commodity futures contracts to avoid the opposite risk — that the price of their raw materials may increase in the future .
( Commodity markets also trade " spot " contracts , which entitle the purchaser to the immediate delivery of a commodity . )
Because producers and consumers seek to reduce risk , they function as so - called hedgers in commodity markets .
In contrast , commercial trading firms and other speculators bet on the price of a commodity rising or falling , buying and selling futures contracts frequently in order to profit from short - term changes in their prices .
Since 2001 , commodity funds have gained in popularity as a mechanism for institutions and individuals to profit from increases in commodity prices .
These funds purchase commodity futures contracts in order to simulate ownership of a commodity .
By periodically rolling over commodity futures contracts prior to their maturity date and reinvesting the proceeds in new contracts , the funds allow investors to gain investment returns equivalent to the change in price of a single commodity , or an " index " of several commodities ( hence the name " index investor " ) .
Investors in these commodity index funds include public pension funds , university endowments , and even individual investors , through mutual funds , for example .
Although these investors are similar to traditional commodity speculators in that both seek to profit from changes in price , traditional speculators zero in on short - term price shifts , while index investors are almost exclusively long - term buyers betting on higher commodity prices in the future .
A Lexicon of Commodity Markets
Hedger — An individual or institution who buys or sells an asset to avoid the risk that the price of the asset may change over time .
In agricultural commodity markets , hedgers are typically farmers and end -users of grains .
— An individual or institution who buys or sells an asset to avoid the risk that the price of the asset may change over time .
In agricultural commodity markets , hedgers are typically farmers and end -users of grains .
Speculator — An individual or institution who buys or sells an asset to profit from fluctuations in its price , but takes on the risk of an unfavorable change in the asset 's price .
In agricultural markets , speculators are typically large financial institutions , but since 2003 a growing number of " index investors " have speculated on the continued rise of commodity prices .
— An individual or institution who buys or sells an asset to profit from fluctuations in its price , but takes on the risk of an unfavorable change in the asset 's price .
In agricultural markets , speculators are typically large financial institutions , but since 2003 a growing number of " index investors " have speculated on the continued rise of commodity prices .
Futures — Tradable financial contracts used to buy or sell an asset at a certain date in the future , at a specified price .
— Tradable financial contracts used to buy or sell an asset at a certain date in the future , at a specified price .
Spot Contract / Spot Market — A contract for the immediate delivery of the commodity .
Also called the " cash market " or " physical market , " the spot markets determine the current price of a commodity .
— A contract for the immediate delivery of the commodity .
Also called the " cash market " or " physical market , " the spot markets determine the current price of a commodity .
Over - the - Counter — Any contract or security traded outside of a regulated exchange .
Over - the - counter trading can take place directly between two traders , or on unregulated exchanges or informal dealer networks .
— Any contract or security traded outside of a regulated exchange .
Over - the - counter trading can take place directly between two traders , or on unregulated exchanges or informal dealer networks .
Position Limits — In commodity markets , the maximum number of futures contracts a trader or institution is allowed to hold for a given commodity .
— Tillman Clark and Ben Collins
Some observers have argued that index investors themselves may have pushed already - high prices of commodities even higher .
Hedge fund manager Michael Masters testified to the U.S. Senate that the total holdings of commodity index investors on regulated U.S. exchanges have increased from $ 13 billion in 2003 to nearly $ 260 billion as of March 2008 .
And as of April 2008 , index investors owned approximately 35 % of all corn futures contracts on regulated exchanges in the United States , 42 % of all soybean contracts , and 64 % of all wheat contracts , compared to minimal holdings in 2001 .
As Masters emphasized , these are immense commodity holdings .
The wheat contracts , for example , are good for the delivery of 1.3 billion bushels of wheat , equivalent to twice the United States ' annual wheat consumption .
Index fund managers have defended against charges that commodity index investment contributes to higher prices , arguing that because index funds never take delivery on their futures contracts , they simulate commodity price shifts for their investors without affecting the price of the underlying commodity .
Some economists have also expressed skepticism that investment demand has driven commodity prices higher .
Paul Krugman of Princeton University has noted that there is no evidence of " the usual telltale signs of a speculative price boom " such as physical hoarding of commodities .
Furthermore , Krugman and others have pointed to non-exchange traded commodities such as iron ore that have also experienced rapid price increases during recent years , arguing that fundamental supply and demand factors , not investors , are to blame for higher commodity prices .
Other economists and commodity market observers have argued that despite price increases in non-exchange traded commodities , and an absence of physical hoarding , the recent flood of money into commodity markets has altered the balance between speculators and hedgers , leading to higher prices and greater price volatility .
Mack Frankfurter , a commodities trading advisor at Cervino Capital Management , suggests that the influx of commodity index investors has transformed commodity futures from tools for risk management to long - term investments , " causing a self - perpetuating feedback loop of ever higher prices . "
One reason the precise impact of index investors on commodity prices is difficult to determine is that the U.S. commodity trading regulator , the Commodity Futures Trading Commission ( CFTC ) , does not collect data on so - called " over - the - counter " commodity trading — that is , trading on unregulated markets — even though the agency estimated that 85 % of commodity index investment takes place on these markets .
Because Masters 's data on the holdings of commodity index investors only include the 15 % of index investor contracts that are held on CFTC - regulated exchanges , total commodity index investor holdings may be much higher than his estimates .
In testimony that warned of the influence of these unregulated markets on commodity prices , Michael Greenberger , the former head of the CFTC's Division of Trading and Markets , estimated that if unregulated trading of energy and agricultural commodities were eliminated , the price of oil would drop by 25 % to 50 % " overnight . "
If Greenberger is correct , the effect on food commodity prices would likely be similar .
However , index investment is just one of many avenues through which money can enter commodity markets , making it difficult to assess the impact of index investors without taking into account the recent deregulation of U.S. commodity markets that has facilitated the current boom in food and energy investments .
Commodity Trading Regulation , Enron - Style
Commodity index investment is deeply intertwined with the growth of unregulated commodity trading authorized by the Commodity Futures Modernization Act of 2000 .
Before 2000 , U.S. commodity futures contracts were traded exclusively on regulated exchanges under the oversight of the CFTC .
Traders were required to disclose their holdings of each commodity and adhere to strict position limits , which set a maximum number of futures contracts that an individual institution could hold .
These regulations were intended to prevent market manipulation by traders who might otherwise attempt to build up concentrated holdings of futures contracts in order to manipulate the price of a commodity .
The 2000 law effectively deregulated commodity trading in the United States by exempting over - the - counter commodity trading outside of regulated exchanges from CFTC oversight .
Soon after the bill was passed , several unregulated commodity exchanges opened for trading , allowing investors , hedge funds , and investment banks to trade commodities futures contracts without any position limits , disclosure requirements , or regulatory oversight .
Since then , unregulated over - thecounter commodity trading has grown exponentially .
The total value of all over - the- counter commodity contracts was estimated to be $ 9 trillion at the end of 2007 , or nearly twice the value of the $ 4.78 trillion in commodity contracts traded on regulated U.S. exchanges .
Once these unregulated commodity markets were created , energy traders and hedge funds began to use them to place massive bets on commodity prices .
Enron famously exploited deregulated electricity markets in 2001 , when the firm managed to generate unheard - of profits by using its trading operations to effectively withhold electricity and charge extortionate rates from power grids in California and other western states .
Although Enron went bankrupt later that year , the hedge fund Amaranth later exploited unregulated natural gas markets prior to its 2006 collapse .
The fund had been heavily invested in complicated bets on the price of natural gas , borrowing eight times its assets to trade natural gas futures , and lost $ 6.5 billion when natural gas prices moved in the wrong direction .
One month prior to Amaranth 's collapse , the New York Mercantile Exchange ( NYMEX ) , which is regulated by the CFTC , asked Amaranth to reduce its huge natural gas position .
Amaranth reduced its position at NYMEX 's request , but purchased identical positions on the unregulated InterContinental Exchange , where its transactions were invisible to regulators until the fund finally collapsed .
Amaranth 's implosion demonstrated the ineffectiveness of regulating some commodity exchanges but not others .
Thanks to the Commodity Futures Modernization
Act , traders could flout position limits and disclosure rules with impunity , simply by re-routing trades to unregulated exchanges .
Although index investment in commodities does not typically involve white - knuckle , leveraged bets on a single commodity 's short - term performance , index investment was made possible by the same deregulated environment exploited by Amaranth and Enron .
Like Amaranth , commodity index investors commonly purchase futures contracts on unregulated markets when they exceed CFTC position limits on futures contracts for a particular commodity .
And other financial actors such as investment banks , hedge funds , or even the sovereign wealth funds of other countries may also be heavily invested in these over - the - counter commodity contracts , but since this trading is unregulated and unreported , the holders of these $ 9 trillion worth of contracts remain anonymous .
This year , the CFTC has faced intense scrutiny from investors , politicians , farmers , and agricultural traders over the unprecedented volatility and price increases of several agricultural and energy commodities traded on U.S. exchanges .
A lively CFTC roundtable on commodity markets in April appeared to confirm arguments made by Frankfurter , Greenberger , Masters , and other critics of commodity index investment .
Representatives for farmers , grain elevator operators , and commercial bankers at the hearing repeatedly stressed that commodity markets were " broken , " while the only pleas for calm came from CFTC economists and representatives for index investors and the financial industry .
Unlike index investors , farmers have not benefited greatly from higher commodity prices , because extremely high levels of market volatility have made it difficult for some farmers to finance crop planting .
National Farmers Union president Tom Buis sounded a particularly dire warning about the consequences of tight commodity supplies and burgeoning index investment demand : " We 've got a train wreck coming in agriculture that 's bigger than anything else we 've seen . "
Following these warnings from farmers and food producers about the presence of index investors in commodity markets , the CFTC 's acting chair publicly acknowledged the ongoing debate over " whether the massive amount of money coming into the markets is overwhelming the system . "
Despite this admission , Greenberger , the former CFTC official , remains skeptical of the agency 's capacity and willingness to regulate commodity markets effectively .
He urged Congress and the Federal Trade Commission to circumvent the CFTC 's authority and eliminate unregulated over - the - counter commodity trading .
Recently , faced with strong criticism from Congress , the CFTC retreated further from its claim that commodity markets are functioning normally .
A CFTC commissioner admitted : " We did n't have the data that we needed to make the statements that we made , and the data we did have did n't support our declarative statements .
If we were so right , why the heck are we doing a study now ? "
The Consequences of Financializing Food
Facing political pressure by constituents over high oil and food prices , several members of Congress have sponsored legislation that would bar index investors from commodity markets .
One bill proposed by Sen. Joseph Lieberman ( Ind - Conn . ) would prohibit public and private pension funds with more than $ 500 million in assets from trading in commodity futures , and other bills would limit the maximum number of futures contracts an index investor could hold .
These bills may stem the flood of money from index investors into commodities , but comprehensive reform is needed to reverse the Commodity Futures Modernization
Act 's authorization of over - the - counter commodity trading .
Absent an outright repeal of this so - called " Enron loophole , " energy and agricultural commodities will continue to be traded outside the reach of government regulation , making future Enron - and Amaranth - style market disruptions inevitable .
Ultimately , eliminating unregulated commodity trading cannot address the fundamental causes of higher agricultural prices .
Even if speculative buying is curtailed , supply and demand factors such as falling crop yields , destructive trade policies , and the growing use of biofuels have likely brought the age of cheap food to an end .
However , if the critics of commodity index investment are correct , then these investors have amplified recent food price shocks and are needlessly contributing to the impoverishment of the world 's poorest citizens .
Even though commodity market transparency and regulatory oversight will not solve the global food crisis , eliminating unregulated commodity trading can help resolve the debate over the effects of index investors on commodity prices and restore the accountability of commodity markets to the social interests they were originally established to serve .
Ben Collins is a member of the Dollars & Sense collective and a research analyst at KLD Research & Analytics , a sustainable investment research company .
Mr. Collins 's views do not necessarily reflect those of KLD or its clients .
Ever wanted to take a piece of WordPress functionality and put it in a non-WordPress portion of your website ?
Like , for example , pulling your WordPress Sidebar and dropping it into a custom page of yours ?
Well , here ’s how to make it work .
The Wrong Way
Many have tried doing this simple include below and have met with failure .
What they did was add the include by itself , like so :
wp_get_archives ('type=monthly ' ) ;
This ends in a fail whale because PHP does n’t know what to do with that request .
Within a WordPress page it ’s fine because you already have the required headers loaded , but in your own custom web site they are n’t there .
So we ’ll add them .
The Right Way
// turn off WordPress themes and include the WordPress core : define ( ' WP_USE_THEMES ' , false ) ; require ( $_SERVER [ ' DOCUMENT_ROOT ' ] . '/wp-blog-header.php ' ) ; wp_get_archives ( ' type=monthly ' ) ; ?>
If you include the WordPress blog header first ( wp- blog - header. php ) and then invoke the piece of code you want , you ’ll be able to add WordPress functionality anywhere you want on your custom pages !
The code above ( get_archives ) allows me to display my entire blog archive on any page of mine I want — even outside of a WordPress - generated page .
This lets you get tons of functionality from WordPress , including :
Get a list of all your links
Pull your tag cloud from your posts Pull your WordPress sidebar into a page
… and there are dozens more here .
This is how I have created the page you ’re reading this on .
The entire page is custom code ; I only have a couple of pieces of WordPress embedded within it — the loop , and my archives toward the bottom on the right .
This gives me the ability to seamlessly blend my WordPress content with my custom content at danielmiessler.com / study and danielmiessler.com / writing .
It ’s the perfect combination — custom control +
WordPress functionality .
Ping me at daniel@danielmiessler.com with any questions …
Links
[ WordPress ’s get_archives | wordpress.org ]
[ WordPress Template Tags | wordpress.org ]
[ The WordPress Loop | wordpress.org ]
[ The WordPress Codex | wordpress.org ]
[ McCain speaking in front of the NRA in May , 2008 ]
John McCain 's campaign wo n't say whether he's for or against allowing suspected terrorists to buy guns , as he tries to pander to his lobbyist pals and the Republican pro-gun base but wanders into the " War On Some Terror " minefield by mistake .
Sen .
John McCain portrays himself as a strong supporter of Second Amendment rights .
But does that extend to gun rights for suspected terrorists ?
His campaign wo n't say where he stands on a bill to eliminate a gun-control loophole that even the Bush administration wants closed : a gap in federal law that inhibits the government from stopping people on terrorist watch lists from buying guns .
The bill was inspired by an official audit covering a five - month period in 2004 which found that , because of the loophole , the Feds had to greenlight 35 out of 44 cases where a gun buyer was on a terrorist watch list .
One group opposed to closing the loophole is the National Shooting Sports Foundation , a gun manufacturers ' trade association .
Until this spring , one of its congressional lobbyists was Randy Scheunemann , now a top McCain campaign adviser on foreign policy .
...
Registration documents filed by Scheunemann 's company , Orion Strategies , list the terror - gap bill as one of its specific lobbying objectives , and the registrations listed Scheunemann as a lobbyist until he took a leave .
McCain 's campaign refused to answer questions about whether the senator supports or opposes the White House plan to close the loophole , and it also declined to say if Scheunemann had ever lobbied McCain on gun-control bills .
" Randy Scheunemann is a foreign - policy adviser to Senator McCain , and he is on leave from Orion Strategies .
We have no further comment , " says Jill Hazelbaker , a campaign spokeswoman .
Yes , we know neocon Randy got McCain in over the old guy 's head on Georgia .
But does McCain really want to keep dancing around issues for the paid man who seems to do all his thinking for him ?
The NSSF rightly says that the current bill removes " due process " from gun owners because " anyone can be put on the list " .
But what about due process for all those non-flyers first ?
( Or maybe for those held at Gitmo after being handed in for a bounty and tortured to ellicit confessions ?
What about their due process ? )
What was that ?
Randy does n't get paid to whisper in John 's ear about them ?
Oh , that makes everything clearer .
P.S. And just to add icing on the cake , Scheunemann was himself arrested by Capitol Hill police for a gun violation back in 1997 - possession of an unregistered gun and ammunition - when he was Trent Lott 's top advisor .
Talk about a conflict of interests .
Some officials are promoting a Chinese style of economic management that they suggest serves developing countries better than the American model , in much the same way they argue that they are in no hurry to copy American - style multiparty democracy .
In the last six weeks alone , a senior banking regulator blamed Washington ’s “ warped conception ” of market regulation for the subprime mortgage crisis that is rattling the world economy ; the Chinese envoy to the World Trade Organization called on the United States to halt the dollar ’s unchecked depreciation before the slide further worsens soaring oil and food prices ; and Chinese agencies denounced a federal committee charged with vetting foreign investments in the United States , saying the Americans were showing “ hostility ” and a “ discriminatory attitude , ” not least toward the Chinese .
All this reflects a brash new sense of self - confidence on the part of the Chinese .
China seems to feel unusually bold before the Summer Olympics , seen here as a curtain raiser for the nation ’s ascent to pre-eminence in the world .
The devastating earthquake last month helped by turning world sympathy toward China and dampening criticism of its handling of Tibet .
The Chinese attitude is no doubt bolstered by the lame - duck status of the Bush administration and by the fact that the United States is widely seen as having squandered its political and military leadership during the war in Iraq , which China opposed .
Likewise , Chinese officials and state news media have suggested that the relatively quick mobilization of the Chinese Army during the recent earthquake in Sichuan Province contrasts favorably with the Bush administration ’s reaction to Hurricane Katrina .
The aggressive stand comes at an inopportune moment for the White House .
Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr. and other cabinet members are to meet with Chinese officials in Annapolis , Md. , on Tuesday in the latest round of semiannual economic talks .
The Americans have a laundry list of complaints , among them that the Chinese use regulations to favor domestic companies over foreign rivals and that Beijing does too little to police the theft of copyrights and patents held by Western companies .
This post was contributed by Heather Johnson , who writes on the subject of green shopping .
She invites your feedback at heatherjohnson2323 at gmail dot com .
Global warming is an issue that affects each and every one of us in one way or another .
The fact of the matter is that there is always something more we can do to decrease the amount of energy wasted and greenhouse gases produced every day .
What follows is a list of some things we can start doing — today — to do our part in the fight against global warming .
1. Consider alternate sources of transportation .
Instead of driving your car each day , think about using public transportation .
If this is simply not feasible where you live , try walking , riding a bike , or even carpooling .
2. Monitor your energy consumption .
With some household items , the power is always running , even when they appear to be off .
If you ’re not going to be using electronics , simply unplug them or shut off the power strip they are connected to .
3 . Change out your existing light bulbs .
Standard incandescent light bulbs are very wasteful and have a very limited lifespan .
Start witching out your old bulbs for compact fluorescents and watch your energy bill go down .
4. Reuse and recycle your plastic bags and containers .
If you are not doing this already , it is of vital importance that you begin to do this .
Plastic bags ( if you must take your purchases in them ) can be reused for trash , or to carry lunches to and from school or work .
Other plastic containers can be useful for storage or putting your leftovers in .
5 . Buy recycled products whenever possible .
Another thing we often forget about is that many items we buy regularly are available in recycled incarnations .
Toilet paper , for example is a product that we all must use , so why not use recycled paper if it is simply going to be flushed away ?
6 . Look at how your purchases are packaged .
Many items we buy at stores have far too much unnecessary packaging .
Look for companies that package their products with Mother Earth in mind .
7 . Tend your own garden .
Maintaining a garden helps put more oxygen into the atmosphere , and is also a great and relaxing activity .
If you have enough of a green thumb , try growing your own produce and enjoy the fruits of your labor .
8 . Take your own food or drinks with you .
Rather than spending money at wasteful restaurants and fast food places , take your own meals with you .
It will cave you time , money , and make an indirect difference in the process .
9 . Support businesses that are committed to the environment .
Many businesses claim to be part of the green movement , but do your homework .
Supporting local coops and business is probably far better for everyone involved .
If you must support major companies , make sure you are supporting the right ones .
10 .
Keep your vehicle properly maintained .
If you must use your vehicle every day , make sure that it is in good working order .
Change your oil with synthetics , monitor your tire pressure and run your heat or air conditioning only when you really need to .
Remember , every little bit helps , and if every one does a little bit to change their habits , it adds up to make one big difference .
This post was contributed by Heather Johnson , who writes on the subject of green shopping .
She invites your feedback at heatherjohnson2323 at gmail dot com .
ABC : Is joking about McCain 's age dirty politics ?
David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Monday August 11 , 2008
Print This Email This Republican presidential candidate John McCain's age has provided ample fodder for comedians , but questions persist about whether age - based humor should be as off - limits as jokes based on race or gender .
In examples shown by ABC News , David Letterman joshed that " John McCain looks like the guy that picks up his tv remote when the phone rings , " while Jan Leno cracked , " McCain spoke about his vision -- which he said is a little blurry and not good at night . "
However , comedian Kathleen Madigan told ABC that age jokes can't be considered a sign of prejudice because " we 're all going to get old . "
ABC went to a retirement home to ask the residents how they feel about the McCain jokes .
" To be honest , I do enjoy them , " one woman in her 80's cheerfully acknowledged , while another said , " If it 's a funny joke , I 'll laugh , but if it 's just being nasty , I do n't want us to hear it . "
However , an 85 year old man insisted , " It 's a form of discrimination , and I guess in that sense it 's not appropriate . "
McCain himself has spoken good - naturedly about the issue , telling Letterman on one occasion , " I 'm older than dirt and I 've got more scars than Frankenstein . "
The McCain campaign , however , may not be taking it so lightly , especially since a recent poll found 20 % of voters less likely to vote for McCain because of his age .
When Barack Obama referred to McCain last May as " losing his bearings , " after McCain had charged that Obama was the candidate , supported by Hamas , Joe Lieberman had to be brought in to report that " this morning I personally checked John McCain 's bearings .
...
They 're all really in great shape . "
This video is from ABC's Good Morning America , broadcast August 10 , 2008 .
Download video
Portugal Masters 2020
The 13th edition of the Portugal Masters will once again be played on the Victoria Golf Course in Vilamoura from the 22nd to the 25th of October .
Victoria Golf Course
58th Golf Open of Portugal 2020
The 58th Open of Portugal will be held on the Royal Obidos Golf Course from the 17th to the 20th of September .
Royal Obidos Golf Course
Aroeira Golf Trophy 2020
From the 20th to the 24th of May the Aroeira Golf Course is holding their annual competition with four days play on their course .
GolfSixes 2020
The GolfSixes tournament this year the will take place on the Oitavos Dunes Golf Course near Cascais on the Estoril Coast west of Lisbon .
The game will be played on the 9th and 10th of May .
12th Portuguese Senior Men s Int Championshi
This year the 12th Portuguese Senior Men s Championship will be played over five days on the Estoril Golf Course from the 14th to the 18th of April .
East Algarve Golf Trophy 2020
Six courses will be involved when participants play golf in the East Algarve Golf Trophy .
They will be the Benamor , Quinta da Ria , Castro Marim , Monte Rei North Course and Quinta do Vale courses .
Dom Pedro International Golf Classic 2020
The 22nd Dom Pedro International Golf Classic is being held on the Vilamoura course from the 111th to the 18th of January .
The courses that will be played are all in the Vilamoura area and are composed of the Victoria , The Old Course , Millennium , Pinhal and Laguna .
European Tour - Portugal Masters
Portugal Masters - Victoria - Vilamoura - Algarve - Portugal - 24th to 27th of October , 2019 .
As from the 24th of October to the 27th the European Tour will be again hosted on the Victoria Course in Vilamoura .
This event had attracted some of the finest players which will include Martin Kaymer , Padraig Harrington , Matt Wallace , Oliver Fisher and Lucas Bjerregaard amongst others .
The owners have been investing money in improving the general composition of the course fairways to provide an even more testing event .
East Algarve Golf Trophy 2020
From the 8th to the 15th of February the East Algarve Golf Trophy 2020 will be held with five rounds over the participating courses ; Monte Rei , Castro Marim , Quinta da Ria , Quinta do Vale and Benamor .
The entry fee from € 780.00 includes accommodation for seven nights in the Vila Gale Hotel in Tavira , the tournament plus selected extras .
XXXII Grande Trofeu Vilamoura 2019
The XXXII Grande Trofeu Vilamoura 2019 will be held from the 4th to the 7th of December in Vilamoura , The entry fee of € 340.00 per golfer allows participation in playing three rounds over the Pinhal , Old Course , and Victoria courses and attendance at the social events .
Accommodation can be arranged in a broad selection of Vilamoura hotels .
Rheingolf Cup 2019
The Rheingolf Cup 2019 will be played from the 9th to the 13th of December over five courses in the Vilamoura Resort .
These course will be the Laguna , the Millennium , the Pinhal and the Victoria .
The prices from € 653.00 per golfer include seven nights accommodation in the Dom Pedro Hotel plus extras .
Algarve Sun & Sea Golf Cup 2019
From the 23rd to the 30th of November their will be a Algarve Sun & Sea Golf Cup 2019 to be played on five courses on the eastern side of the Algarve .
These course are Monte Rei , Benamor , Quinta do Vale , Quinta da Ria , and Castro Marim .
The package with accommodation and extras will cost € 817.00 per golfer .
JJW Cup 2019
The JJW CUP 2019 will take place from the 25th to the 27th of October on the Sao Lorenzo course and the Pinheiros Altos course .
Entry fee per golfer is from € 520.00 which includes three nights accommodation at the Dona Filipa Hotel in Vale do Lobo plus extras .
San Lorenzo Golf Course
I Dom Pedro International PRO - AM 2019
The Hotel Dom Pedro Group are holding their first International PRO - AM tournament from the 13th to the 17th of November .
The cost of € 530.00 per golfer includes four nights accommodation and useful extras .
A selection of the Group courses in Vilamoura will be played .
Victoria Golf Course
Quinta do Lago Golden Tournament 2019
In November of 2019 the Quinta do Lago Resort will be holding their Golden Tournament 2019 from 23rd to the 30th of November .
Five rounds will be played , two rounds on the Laranjal Course , two rounds on the Quinta do Lago South Course and one round on the Quinta do Lago North Course .
Entry fees per golfer are € 463.00 .
Quinta do Lago North Golf Course
Penina & Espiche Trophy 2019
The Penina Resort has combined their Championship Course with the Espiche Course to provide the Penina & Espiche Trophy 2019 in September from the 11th to the 14th of September .
Accommodation and fees for one day played on each course and is priced from € 525.00 per golfer Penina Championship Golf Course
3rd Pepe Gancedo Trophy 2019 .
On Sunday the 11th of August The Santo Antonio course in Burgau to the west of Lagos will be holding its 3rd Pepe Gancedo Trophy in celebration of the Spanish architect who designed their challenging layout in 1987 .
It will begin with a Shotgun Start at 09:00 and terminate with a prize giving buffet .
Cost of participation is € 55.00 per golfer .
Santo Antonio Golf Course
Challenge Tour - Ricardo Santos
At the Czech Challenge in Brno held from the 23rd to the 26th of May , 2019 , the Portuguese golfer Ricardo Santos was placed second having finished four strokes behind the final leader Ross McGowan .
Espiche Golf Cup 2019
The 1st Edition of the Espiche Golf Cup
From the 23rd to 26th of May the Espiche Golf Club in conjunction with the Hotel Tivoli Lagos will be holding an inaugural event named the Espiche Golf Cup .
This will consist of two rounds to be played on the 24th and 25th with a prize giving lunch in the Clubhouse .
The three days of accommodation plus the competition cost from € 317.00 per player sharing a room .
Espiche Golf Course
Penina Golf Week 2019
From the 28th of April until the 3rd of May 2019 , the Penina Hotel & Golf resort will be holding their 5th Penina Golf Week .
Entrance and accommodation for five nights from € 665.00 per player sharing a Twin room .
This price includes three competition rounds , one practice round , all with a trolley , a welcoming dinner plus a Gala Dinner , plus 50 practice balls each golfing day .
Penina Championship Golf Course
2020 European Golf Conference
The coastal town of Cascais near to Lisbon has been chosen by the European Golf Course Association for the 2020 European Golf Conference .
This is very appropriate as Portugal has been voted for as the best European golf destination during the last five consecutive years .
Monte Rei Easter Event
The Monte Rei Resort are holding a Easter Tournament on the 17th of April , 2019 .
It will be a Stableford Shotgun Start from 09:30 hours .
Entry Fee of € 145.00 per golfer which includes use of a Buggy and a Buffet Lunch with prize giving .
Monte Rei Golf Course
2019 JJW CUP & PRO /AM
From the 23rd to the 27th of October the JJW Hotel and Golf Resorts will be holding their JJW Cup & PRO / AM for 2019 .
Participant Fee is € 1,020.05 which includes 2 nights accommodation in the Hotel Penina and 3 nights at the Dona Filipa Hotel , a Practice Round on the Championship Course on the first day then followed on the second day by the PRO / AM .
On the third day arrival at the Dona Filipa Hotel with a Practice Round , the a competition round on the San Lorenzo Course and a competition round on the final day on the Pinheiros Altos Course .
Also included are two lunches and a dinner covering day three and four .
Penina Championship Golf Course
JJW Golf Cup - 2019
From the 25th to the 27th of October the JJW Hotel and Golf Resorts will be holding their JJW Cup for 2019 .
Participant Fee is € 770.50 which includes 3 nights accommodation in the Dona Filipa Hotel , a Practice Round on the first day , a round on the San Lorenzo Course and a round on the Pinheiros Altos Course .
Also included is two lunches and a dinner .
San Lorenzo Golf Course
Quinta do Lago - Golden Tournament
Quinta do Lago Resort are holding a Golden Tournament from the 24th to the 1st of December , 2019 .
There swill be six days of competition finishing with a Gala Dinner and prize giving on the 30th of December .
Entry Fee is from € 789.00 per golfer for the six days of competition .
Quinta do Lago North Golf Course
Quinta do Lago - Junior Open
The Quinta do Lago Resort will be holding a Junior Open for promising young golfers up to the age of 18 years .
There will be five distinctive categories depending on the players age .
This event will be held from the 28th to the 29th of December , 2019 .
Entry
Fee commences at € 35.00 up to € 50.00 depending on age and number of holes to be played .
Information from : academy@quintadolago.com Quinta do Lago North Golf Course
Santo Antonio - Easter Festival
The annual Easter Festival on the Santo Antonio Course will take place between the 19th and the 22nd of April , 2019 .
Open to all golfers there will be four golf competitions finishing with a Prize - giving Dinner .
Special green fee rate of € 25.00 per player plus an Entry - Fee when applicable .
Further details from : reservations@saresorts.com Santo Antonio Golf Course
37th Open Foursomes Week - Vale do Lobo
The annual Open Foursomes Week in Vale do Lobo will take place from the 19th to the 25th of May , 2019 .
The Holiday Complex is offering a 7 day package for € 769.00 which includes welcoming cocktail , the Tournament , and a dinner with live music for the prize giving .
Entries must be in before the closing date of 15th of May .
Vale do Lobo Royal Golf Course
Dom Pedro International ProAm 2019
From the 14th to the 16th of November , 2019 , the Dom Pedro Hotel & Golf Resorts will be hosting their first international ProAm .
Entries with four rounds plus accommodation for four nights commence from € 530.00 per player .
The final day will include a Gala Dinner with the presentation of the prizes
2019 Portugal Golf Masters
The prestigious 2019 Portugal Golf Masters will be held once again on the Victoria Course in Vilamoura in the Algarve from the 24th to the 27th of October .
Last year s winner in 2018 was English golfer Tom Lewis Victoria Golf Course
Challenge Tour - 57th Open of Portugal 2019
Once again the Open of Portugal of the Challenge Tour will be held on the Morgado Course near to Portimao in the Western Algarve from the 19th to the 15th of September , 2019 .
Last year the title was won by the Australian golfer Dimitrios Papadatos .
Morgado Golf Course
European Tour - Dustin Johnson
Mexico Championship - Mexico City - Mexico - 21st to 24th February , 2019 .
American golfer Dustin Johnson added another victory to his European Tour total when he won his seventh in Mexico with a healthy margin of five strokes .
In second place was Northern Ireland s Rory McIlroy and in third position five strokes further back were both Paul Casey and Kiradech Aphibarnrat .
Dustin Johnson moved to third place in the World Rankings .
Morgado Golf Course
Dom Pedro Junior Masters 2019
For the second year running the Victoria course will be the stage on which the Dom Pedro Hotel Group will be holding the Junior Masters from the 5th to the 7th of July , 2019 .
The event will involve three rounds of golf ending with a Prize Giving lunch .
Victoria Golf Course
2019 Sir Bobby Robson Celebrity Golf Classic
Once again the Vila Sol course will be the setting for the 2019 Bobby Robson Celebrity Golf Classic on 22nd of June .
The course will be closed for this event when 30 Foursomes will be compete in this outstanding charity event .
Established by Robson in 2004 each team will include a celebrity personality from the UK in their group .
Vila Sol Golf Course
V Penina Golf Tournament 2019
The 5 Star Hotel Penina and Golf Resort will be holding its 5th Penina Golf Tournament from the 28th of April to the 3rd of May , 2019 .
Special rates from € 665.00 are available which includes five nights , a practice round and three competition rounds .
This price also included on the final day a special Gala Dinner .
Penina Championship Golf Course
Portuguese Senior Men s International Champi
The 2019 Portuguese Senior Men s International Championship will take place on the Estoril course from the 23rd of April until the 27th .
The 23rd and 24th will be devoted to Pairs , whilst the 25th to the 27th will be for Singles .
Special accommodation for the events are available in either a 5 Star or 4 Star hotels .
Portuguese Pro Golf Tour - 2019 Pro Finals
On the 15th and 17th of March , 2019 , the finals of the Portuguese Pro Golf Tour will be held on the Troia course near to Setubal .
Troia Golf Course
Portugal Pro Golf Tour
On the 4th and 5th of March the Portuguese Pro Tour is holding on the O´Connor course in Alcantarilha the Amendoeira O´Connor Classic I which is a qualifying part of the Portuguese Pro Tour .
A few days later on the 11th and 12th the Amendoeira O´Connor Classic II will also be held which will be the end to the qualifying rounds .
OConnor Golf Course
Portuguese Pro Tour
On the 7th and 8th of March the Portuguese Pro Tour is holding on the Faldo course in Alcantarilha the Amendoeira Faldo Classic which is a qualifying part of the Portuguese Pro Tour .
Faldo Golf Course
I Dom Pedro International Pro-Am
A International Pro-Am tournament is being held by the Dom Pedro Hotel Group in Vilamoura from the 14th to the 16th of November .
The entrance fee for this event is € 530.00 which will include four nights in their Vilamoura hotel , three rounds of golf plus a Gala Dinner with prize giving .
Note :
This experiment involves sharp objects and should only be performed by children if under supervision .
As long as care is taken , this is a fun experiment with effective results .
It can be done without the razor blades , but the results are not as good .
Spectrometers are used , like prisms , to spread light out into the component colours .
This enables us to understand the compositions of everything from stars to streetlights .
Here I show you how to make your own spectrometer and give you a few examples of what you can see with it .
What You Need :
A cardboard tube ( toilet roll or kitchen roll tubes are just perfect , in the pictures here , I have used more black card to make a tube myself . )
2 square pieces of black card ( approx 8 cm x 8 cm )
Black tape or masking tape ( something that blocks out light )
Razor blades ( nothing fancy just cheap blades that are not attached to anything )
A stanley knife
An old CD
Make a Diffraction Grating :
Cut a small square hole ( approx 1 cm across ) in the middle of one of your 8 cm x 8 cm black cards .
Break the CD into pieces , just snap it .
You ’ll need a section of the broken CD that can nicely cover the 1 cm hole in your card .
Using a bit of sticky tape , peel away any cover remaining on the piece of CD , so that it is transparent .
Use tape to stick it over the hole , creating a sort of window .
This will be our diffraction grating .
Make a Very Fine Slit :
Using a stanley knife , cut a slit in the middle of the other piece of 8 cm x 8 cm black card .
This slit should be about 2 cm long and just a few millimetres wide .
Tape the the two razor blades either side of the slit .
They should make an even narrower slit , just 1 mm or less if possible !
The aim is create a very fine , narrow slit though which light can travel .
Make sure the blades are securely attached with tape for safety .
Make the Spectrometer :
This is the easy bit !
You now attach the two square cards to either end of the tube using the dark tape .
You have to attach it in such a way that no light is let into the tube accidentally ( hence the dark tape ) .
When you look through the diffraction grating , you only want to see light coming from the slit .
Testing Out Your Spectrometer :
The best way to see how this works is to use daylight .
Just point the spectrometer toward a window during the day or up at a cloud if you ’re outside .
You should not ever look directly at the Sun .
You should see a nice , smooth spectrum ( rainbow ) somewhere in your field of view in the tube .
Here is a photo of a cloud taken through my own spectrometer .
The bright white light is the slit and spectrum is just off to one side .
What ’s Happening ?
When light enters the tube though the slit it spreads out – all waves do this when passing through small slits .
The CD then makes the separate colours visisble to your eye .
You see a nice , even spectrum from daylight sources because daylight is made up of all the colours of visible light from the Sun .
Once you can see this pattern , you can start trying to find the spectra of other things .
In our physics lab we have lamps of different chemical make - ups .
These let us see pure light from different sources .
Here are a few I took today , all photos taken by my own camera through my own , homemade spectrometer .
Here is the spectrum for Zinc , which you can see contains some red and blue but very little green .
Cadmium is very distinctive , with short sections of each of the three primary colours and very little between them .
It is less spread out than Zinc .
There is a big gap between the green and red sections .
Krypton is seen to be fainter than the others here , but the spectrum is still visible .
The blue section has become much more violet or indigo here and the green is greener than it was in Cadmium .
The Astronomy Connection :
This is how astronomers know what stars are made of .
They use advanced spectrometers to measure the spectrum of stars and pull out the ‘ fingerprint ’ patterns of colour that you see above .
Each element has a unique set of spectral lines ( colours ) and these can identify the presence of different chemicals in stars , nebulae and just about everything else .
This is the whole spectrum of the Sun .
It is so detailed that it had to spread onto multiple lines to see it properly !
You ’ll see that in fact it is not perfectly evenly spread out as I suggested earlier .
This was taken with a very advanced spectrometer that has a greatly increased sensitivity compared to one made here , but its based on the same principles .
Things to Look At With Your Spectrometer :
Sodium streelights
Compare daylight to a lightbulb .
Different light bulbs look different ( that ’s why energy saving bulbs light up the room in a different way ) .
Neon signs .
TV and computer screens .
LEDs from computers or remote controls ( these give very pure spectra , often only one colour ) .
Have fun with your spectrometer and why not try and take a photo through it ?
It worked fairly well for me .
I ’d love to see any photos you take with it , or of it .
Let me know how you get on .
Thanks to the Science Made Simple team for this great idea !
PRODUCT INFORMATION :
The Nikon Coolpix L18 Digital Camera provides simple operation with a compact and stylish camera body .
The 8.0 megapixel resolution combined with the high quality 3 x Nikkor - Zoom lens produces beautiful photographs while its intuitive operation ensures error - free command over the camera 's features & functions .
The large 3 - inch LCD display offers a bright image that is a pleasure to view , even outdoors .
The body itself assures a solid grip with a balance of flowing surfaces contrasted by sharp edge lines .
Extended light sensitivity as high as ISO 1600 prevents blurred shots in lower light , or when capturing fast - moving subjects .
There is even an Easy Auto mode where users can turn on the camera and shoot without worrying about any settings - or users can access 14 different scene modes and three movie modes to get the best results to match the moment .
Powered by Nikon 's exclusive EXPEED image processing engine , the Coolpix L18 features a selection of three innovative functions that provide the ability to actually improve the quality of images within the camera .
Face - priority AF automatically finds , then focuses on people 's faces for crisp , clear results time after time .
In - Camera Red-Eye
Fix automatically compensates to help eradicate traces of the annoying red - eye effect that can sometimes be encountered during flash photography .
And D - Lighting can be applied to improve underexposed images or shots taken with too much backlight .
D- Lighting automatically creates a copy of the image with detail added where necessary , but with well - exposed areas left completely untouched .
PACKAGE CONTENTS :
Amie Parnes , with the Republicans in Columbus , Ohio , reports that Palin told the crowd she looks forward to debating Biden on Thursday .
“ I ’m gonna talk about those new ideas , ” she said .
Once again , she tried to lower expectations and repeats , “ I ’ve been hearing about his Senate speeches since I was like in the second grade . ”
And added that Biden is a “ great debater and looks pretty doggone confident , like he ’s gonna win . ”
Palin spoke briefly about the McCain - Obama debate on Friday saying McCain was “ the only man on that stage that talked about the wars that America is fighting and was n’t afraid to use the word ' victory . '
“ He ’s the only man on that stage would solve our economic crisis and not exploit it , ” she said .
The judges noted that Rachel Evans , a university student who had challenged the legislation , proposed to hand out condoms and flyers containing information in relation to certain " political matters " on the Pilgrim Walking Route at Moore Park on Saturday .
On the same day , Amber Pike , who had joined Ms Evans in the action , proposed to hand out condoms , candles , stickers contianing political slogans and polititical leaflets at Central Station and Moore Park .
The judges said that , in their view , none of the items the activists proposed to distribute were proscribed articles within the meaning of the act .
Nor were " symbolic coat - hangers " they planned to hand out to draw attention to the backyard abortion problem .
Annoyance clause invalid
The judges said that the interpretation of clause 7.1 of the act , which allowed regulation of conduct deemed to be a cause of " annoyance " , was invalid because it " affects freedom of speech in a way that , in our opinion , is not supported by the statutory powers " .
There was " no intelligible boundary " on what " causes annoyance " .
The regulation relating to annoyance " could be expected to have a chilling effect upon the exercise of their freedom of speech because of the very uncertainty about the degree of its infringement upon that freedom " , they said .
Another part of the same clause , which dealt with causing " inconvenience " , had a more " objective content " and could draw on individual judgment .
It gave protection against disruptive behaviour , which caused inconvenience to participants , and behaviour that might give rise to a risk of public safety .
They added : " Over and above these provisions the general criminal laws of the state relating to disorderly and offensive conduct and the like are able to be invoked should that be necessary . "
Outside the court , Ms Evans said the result was " a major victory for the protest movement " .
Condomnation campaign
She said : " We now have a lot more confidence to go to the streets to campaign against the condemnation of condoms , homosexuality and abortion .
" We can hand out what we want to hand out , " she said .
" We can wear our [ No to the Pope ] T - shirts now and they can not be deemed to be annoying .
" We do n't want to inconvenience anyone .
We want to talk to them about the Pope 's position on these matters . "
Stephen Blanks , secretary of the NSW Council for Civil Liberties , who accompanied Ms Evans from the court , said the judgment illustrated that the Government did not intend to give the minister power to make regulations about that type of conduct .
But what was really needed was a Bill of Rights , which would enshrine principles such as freedom of speech .
Ms Evans then walked away and handed a packet of condoms to a passing pilgrim , who took one look and dropped it on the footpath .
The Catholic Church declined to comment on the Federal Court ruling but World Youth Day co-ordinator Bishop Anthony Fisher earlier downplayed the likelihood of protest .
The church had backed the anti-annoyance regulations , but denied it had pushed or requested any special powers .
Bishop Fisher said at a media briefing before the judgment : '' I think myself this week ... even people who have been a bit cranky with World Youth Day or have their own other issues , whatever they are , will be swept along by the beauty and joy of these young people and they 'll just want to be part of that .
'' I suspect we wo n't have much in the way of protest but such protests as there are I 'm very hopeful will be peaceful and respectful and there will not be the need for police interventions or big laws . "
The Greens MP , Sylvia Hale , welcomed the court 's decision .
Power obsessed " The striking down of the regulation demonstrates that the Government
is both incompetent and obsessed with expanding police powers at the
expense of the rights of its citizens , " she said .
" It is fortunate that the Federal Court has acted to uphold the basic
rights of the citizens of NSW against the incompetence and excess of
this State Government , " she said .
NSW Police Commissioner Andrew Scipione said the decision would have no impact on policing of World Youth Day events .
He said police had sufficient powers to ensure the safety of pilgrims during the celebrations , which officially began today .
" We respect the court 's ruling , '' Mr Scipione said .
" Effectively the court has upheld all the regulations apart from the phrase ' causes annoyance ' .
" The ruling will not impact on the way police play their part in this festive event . ''
Time of celebration
Mr Scipione said WYD was a time of celebration , and would not be policed in the same way as last year 's APEC summit of world leaders in Sydney .
" We have said many times that this is not APEC , '' he said .
" Police understand there will be protests , people have a democratic right to do that .
" But with that right comes a responsibility to act within the law .
I hope those who do protest are mindful that this state is playing host to thousands of guests who have come here in a very positive and festive frame of mind . ''
- with Linda Morris , Jano Gibson , and AAP
T. Boone Pickens , billionaire Texas oil man , has been pushing his come - to - Jesus revelations in television — and YouTube — commericals lately .
Which is to say , he ’s figured out there ’s money to be made , and an energy independence to be had , in alternative energies .
Some may question Pickens ’ motivations and his methods of doing business with the Pickens Plan .
I admit I could learn more about those aspects of Pickens .
But as I do so , I ’m writing now of my early impressions of the man , and why I am glad to see his face on T.V .
Nothing is more precious to general America than money .
So money , profits , wealth accumulation , etc. has to be part of the process of converting people from any one way of life to any other way of life .
Sense and science just are n’t enough for a significant , influential , voting portion of the public .
T. Boone Pickens no doubt does things for the sake of big dollars .
And he will find a business model that makes alternative energies profitable and , therefore , worth considering to many others who do n’t give much of a damn about the Earth , but will help save it for the bucks involved .
So I think it ’s beneficial in the big picture to have an oil man rubbing against the oil industry ’s grain a bit to tout alternative energies as the future , and lead us out of this oil dependence .
Or , as New York Times columnist Thomas L. Friedman said on “ Meet the Press ” this past Sunday , those who were chanting “ Drill , baby , drill ! ” at last week ’s Republican National Convention are to the energy future as a group would have been , when facing the advent of computers and the Internet , if it were chanting “ IBM Selectric Typewriters ! IBM Selectric Typewriters ! ”
His point , of course , is that past technologies just do n’t make sense in the evolving present and future .
But back to T. Boone Pickens …
In one of the Pickens Plan commercials , Pickens narrates , then introduces himself as a man with a plan :
Did you know , back in 1970 we imported 24 % of our oil ?
And by 1990 , it was 42 % .
Today it ’s almost 70 % and climbing every minute .
Over $ 700 billion are leaving this country to foreign nations every year .
That ’s four times the cost of the Iraqi war , and it ’s killing our economy .
It will be the largest transfer of wealth in the history of mankind .
We do n’t need anymore talk ; we need a plan ( Harnessing domestic wind and solar power ) .
“ I’m T. Boone Pickens and I ’ve been an oil man my whole life , but this is one emergency we can’t drill our way out of . ”
He goes on to say he has a plan he ’ll soon unveil .
“ It ’s our crisis , and we can solve it , ” he says .
I believe he ’s right that we ’re capable .
But I can only hope he ’s proved right when it comes to the public waking from its ignorant apathy to carry out a plan — Pickens ’ plan or otherwise .
I think he ’s on the right path .
Show people the money and they are likely to follow , right ?
Pickens and the like can have their money , and we can have a cleaner , better world .
Win-win .
Related posts :
Image : PickensPlan.com
In a special nine - page report , we look at how the global financial system has fallen into the grip of panic
Illustration by S. Kambayashi
“ THINGS are frankly getting out of hand and ridiculous rumours are being repeated , some of which if I wrote down today and re-read tomorrow , I 'd probably think I was dreaming . ”
So said an exasperated Colm Kelleher , Morgan Stanley 's finance chief , during a hastily arranged conference call on September 16th .
The carnage of the past fortnight may have an unreal air to it , but the damage is all too tangible — whether the seizure of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac by their regulator , the record - breaking bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers ( and the sale of its capital - markets arm to Barclays ) , Merrill Lynch 's shotgun marriage to Bank of America or , most shocking of all , the government takeover of a desperately illiquid American International Group ( AIG ) .
The rescue of the giant insurer was justified on the grounds that letting it fail would have been catastrophic for financial markets .
As it happened , even AIG 's rescue did not stop the bloodletting .
On September 17th shares in Morgan Stanley and the other remaining big investment bank , Goldman Sachs , took a hammering .
Even though both had posted better - than - expected results a day earlier , confidence ebbed in their stand - alone model , with its reliance on flighty wholesale funding .
An index that reflects the risk of failure among large Wall Street dealers has climbed far above its previous high , during Bear Stearns 's collapse in March ( see chart ) .
It is a measure of the scale of the crisis that , by the evening of September 17th , all eyes were on Morgan Stanley , and no longer on AIG , which only 24 hours before had thrust Lehman out of the limelight .
After its share price slumped by 24 % that day , and fearing a total evaporation of confidence , Morgan attempted to sell itself .
Its boss , John Mack , reportedly held talks with several possible partners , including Wachovia , a commercial bank , and Citic of China .
As contagion spread far and wide , on September 18th central banks launched a co-ordinated attempt to pump $ 180 billion of short - term liquidity into the markets .
HBOS , Britain 's biggest mortgage lender , also sold itself to Lloyds TSB , one of the grandfathers of British banking , for £ 12.2 billion ( $ 21.9 billion ) after its share price plunged .
The government was so anxious to broker a deal that it was expected to waive a competition inquiry .
Financial panics have been around as long as there have been organised economies .
There are common themes .
The cause of today 's crunch — the buying of property at inflated prices in the hope that some greater fool will take it off your hands — has featured many times in the past .
And the withholding of funds by institutional investors is merely the modern version of an old - fashioned bank run .
The same , and yet different
But each has its own characteristics , which makes it difficult for students of past crises to apply lessons .
Ben Bernanke , the chairman of the Federal Reserve , may be a scholar of the Depression , but the vastness and complexity of the financial system , and the speed with which panic is spreading , create a daunting task .
Though they are putting on a brave face , officials could be forgiven for feeling at a loss as one great name buckles after another and investors flee any financial asset with the merest whiff of risk .
Even the politicians have been stunned into inactivity .
Congress probably will not pass new financial legislation this year , admitted Harry Reid , the Senate majority leader , because “ no one knows what to do . ”
At times , the responses appear alarmingly piecemeal .
Amid a fresh clamour against short - sellers — Morgan Stanley 's Mr Mack accused them of trying to wrestle his stock to the ground — the Securities and Exchange Commission , America 's main markets regulator , brought back curbs on “ naked ” , or potentially abusive , shorts .
It also rushed out a proposal forcing large investors , including hedge funds , to disclose their short positions .
Calstrs , America 's second - largest pension fund , said it would stop lending shares to “ piranhas ” .
As in August 2007 , when the crisis began in earnest , money markets were this week seizing up .
The price at which banks lend each other short - term funds surged , leaving the spread over government bonds at a 21 - year high .
A scramble for safety pushed the yield on three - month Treasury bills to its lowest since daily records began in 1954 — the year President Eisenhower introduced the world to domino theory .
Aptly enough , the crisis is spreading from one region to the next .
Asian and European stockmarkets suffered steep falls .
Japan was fretting that Lehman 's potential default on almost $ 2 billion of yen - denominated bonds would send a chill through the “ samurai ” market .
Russia suspended share - trading and propped up its three largest banks with a handy $ 44 billion , as emerging markets lost their allure .
Another weak spot is the $ 62 trillion market for credit - default swaps ( CDSs ) , which has given regulators nightmares since the loss of Bear Stearns .
It did not fall apart after the demise of Lehman , another big dealer .
But it remains fragile ; or , as one banker puts it , in a state of “ orderly chaos ” .
CDS trading volumes reached unprecedented levels this week , and spreads widened dramatically , as hedge funds and dealers tried to unwind their positions .
But as margin requirements rise , few participants are taking on much risk , according to Tim Backshall of Credit Derivatives Research .
The turmoil will embolden those calling for the opaque , over - the - counter market to move onto exchanges .
Nerves on Wall Street would be jangling less if a central clearinghouse , planned for later this year , was already up and running .
The CDS market may have figured in the government 's calculations of whether to save AIG , given that its collapse would have forced banks to write down the value of their contracts with the insurer , further straining their capital ratios .
But officials also had an eye on Main Street .
Some of AIG 's largest insurance businesses serve consumers ; its failure would have shaken their confidence .
As it was , thousands lined up outside its offices in Asia , with some looking to withdraw their business .
Consumers are already twitchy in America , where bank failures are rising and the nation 's deposit - insurance fund faces a potential shortfall .
The failure of Washington Mutual ( WaMu ) , a troubled thrift , could at the worst wipe out as much as half of what remains in the fund , reckons Dick Bove of Ladenburg Thalmann , a boutique investment bank .
WaMu was said this week to be seeking a buyer .
No less worrying are the cracks appearing in money - market funds .
Seen by small investors as utterly safe , these have seen their assets swell to more than $ 3.5 trillion in the crisis .
But this week Reserve Primary became the first money fund in 14 years to “ break the buck ” — that is , to expose investors to losses through a reduction of its net asset value to under $ 1 — after writing off almost $ 800 m in debt issued by Lehman .
Any lasting loss of confidence in money funds would be hugely damaging .
They are one of the last bastions for the ultra-cautious .
And they are big buyers of short - term corporate debt .
If they were to pull back , banks and large corporations would find funds even harder to come by .
Coming to a bank near you
At some point the Panic of 2008 will subside , but there are several reasons to expect further strain .
Banks and households have started to cut their borrowing , which reached epic proportions in the housing boom , but they still have a long way to go .
By the time they are finished , the pool of credit available across the markets will be smaller by several trillion dollars , reckons Daniel Arbess of Perella Weinberg Partners , an investment and advisory firm .
A recent IMF study argued that the pain of deleveraging will be felt more keenly in Anglo - Saxon markets , because highly leveraged investment banks exacerbate credit bubbles , and are then forced to cut their borrowing more sharply in a downturn .
Furthermore , it is far from clear , even now , that banks are marking their illiquid assets conservatively enough .
Disclosures accompanying third - quarter results , for instance , showed a lot of disparity in the valuation of Alt - A mortgages ( though definitions of what constitutes Alt - A can vary ) .
“ Level 3 ” assets , those that are hardest to value , will remain under pressure until housing stabilises — and that may be some time yet .
Jan Hatzius of Goldman Sachs expects house prices in America to fall by another 10 % .
Builders broke ground on fewer houses than forecast in August , suggesting the housing recession will continue to drag down growth .
The pain is only now beginning in other lending .
“ We may be moving from the mark - to - market phase to the more traditional phase of credit losses , ” says a banker .
This next stage will be less spectacular , thanks to accrual accounting , in which loan losses are realised gradually and offset by reserves .
But the numbers could be just as big .
Some analysts see a wave of corporate defaults coming .
Moody's , a rating agency , expects the junk - bond default rate , now 2.7 % , will rise to 7.4 % a year from now .
Like many nightmares , this one feels as if it will never end .
