Israel 's commando raid on a flotilla of pro-Palestinian " aid " ships that left nine activists dead has touched off a chain of events from the United Nations to Egypt 's border with Gaza that threaten to isolate the Jewish state from the international community .
The U.N. Security Council called early Tuesday for an " impartial " investigation of Israel 's deadly raid and condemned the " acts " that resulted in the loss of at least nine lives , a watered - down version of a resolution sought by Islamic nations leading the ferocious international condemnation of Israel .
Not far from the site of the naval raid , several thousand Gazans are making a furious rush to the Egyptian border , hoping to take advantage of a rare chance to escape the blockaded territory .
Egypt announced Tuesday it was temporarily opening its border with Gaza to allow aid into the impoverished territory , where 1.5 million Palestinians have been hemmed in by land and sea since Hamas took over in 2007 .
Dozens of Hamas police with automatic weapons were patrolling the border Tuesday as residents made a mad dash to escape the area .
Organizers of the flotilla , which was intercepted by Israeli commandos as it tried to run a blockade , said they were undeterred and that another cargo boat was off the coast of Italy en route to Gaza Tuesday .
A second boat carrying about three dozen passengers is expected to join it , said Greta Berlin of the Free Gaza Movement , which organized the flotilla .
She told the Associated Press the two boats would arrive in the region late this week or early next week .
" They 're going to have to stop the blockade of Gaza , and one of the ways to do this is for us to continue to send the boats , " she said .
The flotilla set sail from Turkey and was packed with 679 activists -- many of whom were from the onetime close ally of Israel .
But on Tuesday Turkey 's Prime Minister called the raid a " bloody massacre , " withdrawing its ambassador to Israel and demanding that the United States condemn the botched raid .
" Today is a turning point in history , " said Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan .
" Nothing will be same again . "
Marathon negotiations at an emergency meeting of the Security Council produced a presidential statement weaker than was demanded by the Palestinians , Arabs and Turkey because of objections by the United States .
The Islamic nations had called for condemnation of Monday 's attack by Israeli forces on the flotilla " in the strongest terms " and " an independent international investigation . "
But the presidential statement that was finally agreed to and read at a formal council meeting instead called for " a prompt , impartial , credible and transparent investigation conforming to international standards . "
And it only condemned " those acts " that resulted in deaths , without naming Israel .
The long and difficult negotiations were conducted primarily by the United States with Turkey and Lebanon , which are both non-permanent council members .
Turkey 's Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu , whose country drafted the initial presidential statement , called the Israeli raid " banditry and piracy " on the high seas and " murder conducted by a state . "
Palestinian U.N. observer Riyad Mansour called it a " war crime , " and told an open Security Council meeting that " those fleets , one after the other , will be coming until the unethical blockade is put to an end and the suffering stops for our people . "
While the Palestinians and Turks insisted that the activists on the ships were delivering aid to impoverished Gazans suffering under a three - year Israeli embargo , Israel 's deputy U.N. ambassador Daniel Carmon said " this flotilla was anything but a humanitarian mission . "
Some activists have " terrorist history " and its organizers support radical Islamic groups such as Hamas , which controls Gaza and refuses to recognize Israel 's existence , he said .
Carmon defended the legality of Israel 's blockade and the boarding of the ships -- which refused repeated calls to send their cargo to Gaza through Israel -- as " a preventive measure . "
He called the results " tragic and unfortunate . "
The U.N. 's presidential statement also " deeply regrets the loss of life and injuries " and requests the immediate release of the ships and civilians being held by Israel .
It urges Israel to permit consular access and allow countries to retrieve their dead and wounded immediately .
The council also urged Israel " to ensure the delivery of humanitarian assistance from the convoy to its destination " and stressed that the situation in Gaza " is not sustainable . "
Council members reiterated " their grave concern at the humanitarian situation in Gaza and stress the need for sustained and regular flow of goods and people to Gaza as well as unimpeded provision and distribution of humanitarian assistance through Gaza . "
Mansour said this was " the clearest statement by the Security Council on lifting the siege against the Gaza Strip . "
The flotilla was the ninth attempt by sea to breach the blockade Israel and Egypt imposed after Hamas violently seized the territory .
Israel allowed five seaborne aid shipments through but snapped the blockade shut after its 2009 war in Gaza .
There was little call in Israel for an end to the blockade .
Israelis have little sympathy for Gaza , which sent thousands of rockets and mortar rounds crashing into Israel for years before last year 's war .
Tensions along the Israeli - Gaza border were tense following the naval raid .
The Iranian - backed Islamic Jihad said three of its fighters were killed Tuesday shortly after firing rockets into southern Israel .
Israeli authorities say the rockets landed in open areas and caused no injuries .
The Israeli military confirmed its airstrike , and Gaza 's chief medical examiner also said there were three deaths .
On Tuesday morning , the Israeli military said Gaza militants infiltrated Israel and exchanged fire with troops .
Israeli rescue services said two militants were killed , but the military would not immediately confirm that .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Transport for London , controlled by London Mayor Boris Johnson , has bought out the shareholders of subway contractor Tube Lines for 310 million pounds , ending a tumultuous public - private partnership .
TfL said it had bought Tube Lines ’ entire share capital and loan notes from owners Amey , a unit of Spain ’s Ferrovial , and U.S. - based Bechtel .
As a result of the deal -- which effectively brings the London Underground back under state control and ends months of wrangling over upgrade works -- TfL will take control of maintenance on the busy Jubilee , Northern and Piccadilly Lines from next month .
The deal is due to complete by the end of June .
Johnson was quoted by newspapers as saying the deal freed London Underground and private contractors from “ the perverse pressures of the Byzantine PPP structure . ”
Bob Crow , general secretary of transport workers ’ union RMT , said the buyout was a “ recognition on a massive scale that transport privatization does not work ” and said RMT would continue to campaign for the renationalisation of Britain ’s rail network .
Beneath the flag - like fields of the Nile Delta , an ancient city lingers .
A team of Austrian archeologists using radar and satellite imaging has discovered what is believed to be an ancient city once controlled by the Hyksos , invaders from Asia who ruled Egypt from about 1664 - 1569 BC .
" The pictures taken during radar [ imaging ] show an underground city complete with streets , houses and tombs , which gives a general overview of the urban planning of the city , " said Zahi Hawass , director of Egypt 's office of antiquities .
The archeological find is a reminder of Egypt 's deep historical layers .
It is a nation with a glorious and raucous past underfoot , waiting to be unearthed , whether it be tombs , mummies , buried boats or walls of hieroglyphics .
Each discovery also makes Egyptians more determined to regain what has been hauled away from digs throughout the centuries .
The country has been trying for years to have the Rosetta Stone returned from the British Museum and for the Egyptian Museum in Berlin to give back the bust of Queen Nefertiti , which is believed to be about 3,400 years old .
" We are the country with the loudest voice on this issue and have so far had returned about 5,000 artifacts , " Hawass said this year at a conference on stolen art .
" We want to know how we can learn from each other ; we need to cooperate to come up with one wish list and fight until we return those artifacts back . "
-- Jeffrey Fleishman in Cairo
Photo : Radar imaging of the site of an ancient city in the Nile Delta .
Credit : Associated Press
Last night was game 1 of the NBA Finals , and as you probably know the LA Lakers beat the Boston Celtics at home .
You also probably guessed that the Staples Center would be filled with big Hollywood stars , because they ’re such hardcore basketball fans .
Big stars like Dustin Hoffman and Jason Bateman , seen here making out as a joke , LOL .
Man , look at them go , haha .
This is a classic gag .
I ca n’t even count all the times I ’ve made out with another guy as a joke .
Oh wait .
Yes I can .
Zero .
It ’s zero .
The answer is , “ zero times ” .
( source = splash news online )
If you 're reading this article in print , chances are you 'll only get through half of what I 've written .
And if you 're reading this online , you might not even finish a fifth .
At least , those are the two verdicts from a pair of recent research projects – respectively , the Poynter Institute 's Eyetrack survey , and analysis by Jakob Nielsen – which both suggest that many of us no longer have the concentration to read articles through to their conclusion .
The problem does n't just stop there : academics report that we are becoming less attentive book - readers , too .
Bath Spa University lecturer Greg Garrard recently revealed that he has had to shorten his students ' reading list , while Keith Thomas , an Oxford historian , has written that he is bemused by junior colleagues who analyse sources with a search engine , instead of reading them in their entirety .
So are we getting stupider ?
Is that what this is about ?
Sort of .
According to The Shallows , a new book by technology sage Nicholas Carr , our hyperactive online habits are damaging the mental faculties we need to process and understand lengthy textual information .
Round - the - clock news feeds leave us hyperlinking from one article to the next – without necessarily engaging fully with any of the content ; our reading is frequently interrupted by the ping of the latest email ; and we are now absorbing short bursts of words on Twitter and Facebook more regularly than longer texts .
Which all means that although , because of the internet , we have become very good at collecting a wide range of factual titbits , we are also gradually forgetting how to sit back , contemplate , and relate all these facts to each other .
And so , as Carr writes , " we 're losing our ability to strike a balance between those two very different states of mind .
Mentally , we 're in perpetual locomotion " .
Still reading ?
You 're probably in a dwindling minority .
But no matter : a literary revolution is at hand .
First we had slow food , then slow travel .
Now , those campaigns are joined by a slow - reading movement – a disparate bunch of academics and intellectuals who want us to take our time while reading , and re-reading .
They ask us to switch off our computers every so often and rediscover both the joy of personal engagement with physical texts , and the ability to process them fully .
" If you want the deep experience of a book , if you want to internalise it , to mix an author 's ideas with your own and make it a more personal experience , you have to read it slowly , " says Ottawa - based John Miedema , author of Slow Reading ( 2009 ) .
But Lancelot R Fletcher , the first present - day author to popularise the term " slow reading " , disagrees .
He argues that slow reading is not so much about unleashing the reader 's creativity , as uncovering the author's .
" My intention was to counter postmodernism , to encourage the discovery of authorial content , " the American expat explains from his holiday in the Caucasus mountains in eastern Europe .
" I told my students to believe that the text was written by God – if you can't understand something written in the text , it 's your fault , not the author's . "
And while Fletcher used the term initially as an academic tool , slow reading has since become a more wide - ranging concept .
Miedema writes on his website that slow reading , like slow food , is now , at root , a localist idea which can help connect a reader to his neighbourhood .
" Slow reading , " writes Miedema , " is a community event restoring connections between ideas and people .
The continuity of relationships through reading is experienced when we borrow books from friends ; when we read long stories to our kids until they fall asleep . "
Meanwhile , though the movement began in academia , Tracy Seeley , an English professor at the University of San Francisco , and the author of a blog about slow reading , feels strongly that slow reading should n't " just be the province of the intellectuals .
Careful and slow reading , and deep attention , is a challenge for all of us . "
So the movement 's not a particularly cohesive one – as Malcolm Jones wrote in a recent Newsweek article , " there 's no letterhead , no board of directors , and , horrors , no central website " – and nor is it a new idea : as early as 1623 , the first edition of Shakespeare 's folio encouraged us to read the playwright " again and again " ; in 1887 , Friedrich Nietzsche described himself as a " teacher of slow reading " ; and , back in the 20s and 30s , dons such as IA Richards popularised close textual analysis within academic circles .
But what 's clear is that our era's technological diarrhoea is bringing more and more slow readers to the fore .
Keith Thomas , the Oxford history professor , is one such reader .
He does n't see himself as part of a wider slow community , but has nevertheless recently written – in the London Review of Books – about his bewilderment at the hasty reading techniques in contemporary academia .
" I do n't think using a search engine to find certain key words in a text is a substitute for reading it properly , " he says .
" You do n't get a proper sense of the work , or understand its context .
And there 's no serendipity – half the things I 've found in my research have come when I 've luckily stumbled across something I was n't expecting . "
Some academics vehemently disagree , however .
One literature professor , Pierre Bayard , notoriously wrote a book about how readers can form valid opinions about texts they have only skimmed – or even not read at all .
" It 's possible to have a passionate conversation about a book that one has not read , including , perhaps especially , with someone else who has not read it , " he says in How to Talk About Books that You Have n't Read ( 2007 ) , before suggesting that such bluffing is even " at the heart of a creative process " .
Slow readers , obviously , are at loggerheads with Bayard .
Seeley says that you might be able to engage " in a basic conversation if you have only read a book 's summary , but for the kinds of reading I want my students to do , the words matter .
The physical shape of sentences matter . "
Nicholas Carr 's book elaborates further .
" The words of the writer , " suggests Carr , " act as a catalyst in the mind of the reader , inspiring new insights , associations , and perceptions , sometimes even epiphanies . "
And , perhaps even more significantly , it is only through slow reading that great literature can be cultivated in the future .
As Carr writes , " the very existence of the attentive , critical reader provides the spur for the writer 's work .
It gives the author the confidence to explore new forms of expression , to blaze difficult and demanding paths of thought , to venture into uncharted and sometimes hazardous territory . "
What 's more , Seeley argues , Bayard 's literary bluffing merely obscures a bigger problem : the erosion of our powers of concentration , as highlighted by Carr 's book .
Seeley notes that after a conversation with some of her students , she discovered that " most ca n't concentrate on reading a text for more than 30 seconds or a minute at a time .
We 're being trained away from slow reading by new technology . "
But unlike Bath Spa's Greg Garrard , she does not want to cut down on the amount of reading she sets her classes .
" It 's my responsibility to challenge my students , " says Seeley .
" I do n't just want to throw in the towel . "
Seeley finds an unlikely ally in Henry Hitchings , who – as the author of the rather confusingly named How to Really Talk About Books You Have n't Read ( 2008 ) – could initially be mistaken as a follower of Bayard .
" My book on the subject notwithstanding , " says Hitchings , " I 'm no fan of bluffing and blagging .
My book was really a covert statement to the effect that reading matters .
It 's supposed to encourage would - be bluffers to go beyond mere bluffing , though it does this under the cover of arming them for literary combat . "
But Hitchings also feels that clear - cut distinctions between slow and fast reading are slightly idealistic .
" In short , the fast - slow polarity – or antithesis , if you prefer – strikes me as false .
We all have several guises as readers .
If I am reading – to pick an obvious example – James Joyce , slow reading feels appropriate .
If I 'm reading the instruction manual for a new washing machine , it does n't . "
Hitchings does agree that the internet is part of the problem .
" It accustoms us to new ways of reading and looking and consuming , " Hitchings says , " and it fragments our attention span in a way that 's not ideal if you want to read , for instance , Clarissa . "
He also argues that " the real issue with the internet may be that it erodes , slowly , one 's sense of self , one 's capacity for the kind of pleasure in isolation that has , since printed books became common , been readers ' standard experience " .
What 's to be done , then ?
All the slow readers I spoke to realise that total rejection of the web is extremely unrealistic , but many felt that temporary isolation from technology was the answer .
Tracy Seeley 's students , for example , have advocated turning their computer off for one day a week .
But , given the pace at which most of us live , do we even have time ?
Garrard seems to think so : " I 'm no luddite – I 'm on my iPhone right now , having just checked my email – but I regularly carve out reading holidays in the middle of my week : four or five hours with the internet disconnected . "
Meanwhile , Jakob Nielsen – the internet guru behind some of the statistics at the beginning of this article – thinks the iPad might just be the answer : " It 's pleasant and fun , and does n't remind people of work . "
But though John Miedema thinks iPads and Kindles are " a good halfway house , particularly if you 're on the road " , the author reveals that , for the true slow reader , there 's simply no substitute for particular aspects of the paper book : " The binding of a book captures an experience or idea at a particular space and time . "
And even the act of storing a book is a pleasure for Miedema .
" When the reading is complete , you place it with satisfaction on your bookshelf , " he says .
Personally , I 'm not sure I could ever go offline for long .
Even while writing this article I was flicking constantly between sites , skimming too often , absorbing too little ; internet reading has become too ingrained in my daily life for me to change .
I read essays and articles not in hard copy but as PDFs , and I 'm more comfortable churning through lots of news features from several outlets than just a few from a single print source .
I suspect that many readers are in a similar position .
But if , like me , you just occasionally want to read more slowly , help is at hand .
You can download a computer application called Freedom , which allows you to read in peace by cutting off your internet connection .
Or if you want to remove adverts and other distractions from your screen , you could always download offline reader Instapaper for your iPhone .
If you 're still reading , that is .
• This article was amended on 31 March 2015 to make clear the meaning of a quote from Henry Hitchings .
Image caption Gen McChrystal says he felt " betrayed " by ambassador Karl Eikenberry
The top US commander in Afghanistan has been summoned to Washington in the wake of a magazine article that quotes him and aides criticising senior Obama administration officials and diplomats .
Gen Stanley McChrystal has apologised over the article in Rolling Stone .
In it , he is quoted as sharply criticising the US ambassador to Kabul , Karl Eikenberry .
And the general 's aides say he was " disappointed " when meeting President Barack Obama for the first time .
Other targets of criticism by the general or his aides include Vice - President Joe Biden , National Security Adviser James Jones and the special US envoy to Afghanistan and Pakistan , Richard Holbrooke .
The BBC's Quentin Sommerville in Afghanistan says the article highlights the long - suspected divisions between the US military and administration officials .
A White House official said Gen McChrystal had " been directed to attend [ Wednesday's ] monthly meeting on Afghanistan and Pakistan in person " rather than by teleconference " to explain to the Pentagon and the commander - in - chief his quotes in the piece about his colleagues " .
And in a strongly worded statement , US Defence Secretary Robert Gates said Gen McChrystal had made a " significant mistake " and " exercised poor judgment " .
' Clown '
The Rolling Stone article - a profile of Gen McChrystal entitled The Runaway General , written by a journalist who was given access to the commander and his staff over several weeks - is due out on Friday .
In it , Gen McChrystal says he felt " betrayed " by Eikenberry during the White House debate on troop requests for Afghanistan .
Gen McChrystal suggests the ambassador to Kabul was using a leaked internal memo that questioned the wisdom of troop requests as a way of protecting himself from future criticism over the deployment .
The general says : " I like Karl , I 've known him for years , but they 'd never said anything like that to us before .
" Here 's one that covers his flank for the history books .
Now if we fail , they can say , ' I told you so . ' "
Gen McChrystal also mocks the vice - president in response to a question .
" Are you asking about Vice - President Biden ? " McChrystal asks .
" Who 's that ? "
Another aide refers to a key Oval Office meeting with the president a year ago .
The aide says it was " a 10 - minute photo op " , adding : " Obama clearly did n't know anything about him , who he was ... he did n't seem very engaged .
The boss was pretty disappointed . "
Another aide refers to National Security Adviser Jones as a " clown stuck in 1985 " .
Of an e-mail from Mr Holbrooke , Gen McChrystal says : " Oh , not another e-mail from Holbrooke ... I do n't even want to open it . "
Aide quits
Duncan Boothby , a special assistant to Gen McChrystal who organised the Rolling Stone journalist 's access to the commander , has resigned as a result of the article .
A spokesman for the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Adm Mike Mullen said the admiral had telephoned Gen McChrystal and " expressed his deep disappointment in the piece and the comments " .
Gen McChrystal has attempted to limit the damage in advance of Rolling Stone hitting the newsstands .
He said in a statement : " I extend my sincerest apology for this profile .
" It was a mistake reflecting poor judgement and should never have happened . "
He adds : " Throughout my career , I have lived by the principles of personal honour and professional integrity .
What is reflected in this article falls far short of that standard .
" I have enormous respect and admiration for President Obama and his national security team and for the civilian leaders and troops fighting this war and I remain committed to ensuring its successful outcome . "
' Unfortunate '
Gen McChrystal replaced Gen David McKiernan last year and has sought to reduce the number of Afghan civilians being killed in combat operations .
After his appointment , Gen McChrystal was drawn into a long and detailed strategy review with the president , finally getting an additional 30,000 US troops from Mr Obama .
But analysts say Gen McChrystal disagreed with the pledge to start bringing troops home in July 2011 .
In his statement , Mr Gates said he had read " with concern " the Rolling Stone article .
" I believe that General McChrystal made a significant mistake and exercised poor judgment in this case .
We are fighting a war against al - Qaeda and its extremist allies , who directly threaten the United States , Afghanistan , and our friends and allies around the world .
" Going forward , we must pursue this mission with a unity of purpose .
Our troops and coalition partners are making extraordinary sacrifices on behalf of our security , and our singular focus must be on supporting them and succeeding in Afghanistan without such distractions .
" General McChrystal has apologised to me and is similarly reaching out to others named in this article to apologise to them as well .
I have recalled Gen McChrystal to Washington to discuss this in person . "
Taliban reacts
A spokesman for Afghan President Hamid Karzai , Waheed Omer , voiced support for Gen McChrystal .
" The president strongly supports General McChrystal and his strategy in Afghanistan and believes he is the best commander the United States has sent to Afghanistan over the last nine years , " he said .
John Kerry , chairman of the US Senate Foreign Relations Committee , appealed for a " cool and calm " response .
" The top priority is the mission in Afghanistan and the ability to proceed forward competently , " he said .
A spokeswoman for the US embassy in Kabul , Caitlin Hayden , said : " We have seen the article .
As ambassador Eikenberry has said on many occasions , he and General McChrystal are both fully committed to the president 's strategy and to working together as one civilian - military team to implement it . "
Nato spokesman James Appathurai said the article was " unfortunate " , but that the organisation 's Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen had " full confidence in General McChrystal as the Nato commander and in his strategy " .
A spokesman for the Taliban said Gen McChrystal 's recall was another sign of the start of the " political defeat " for US policies in Afghanistan .
IT turns out half of men may upgrade a common cold to the flu , and headaches become migraines .
Yes , " man flu " really does exist , with scientists confirming men are often not as ill as they say they are .
But Kendall Cordes , 37 , says this is n't rocket science , it 's something she - and almost every woman she knows - has experienced first - hand .
She wakes every morning to a running commentary of her partner Christopher Lynch 's latest ailments .
The Box Hill mother of two said she did not seem to get sick nearly as often as her other half .
" I do n't have time to get sick .
If you 're feeling a little bit crappy you just get on with it , " Ms Cordes said .
Ms Cordes , an accountant , said her sympathy had worn a little thin , because it normally meant more work for her .
" In the beginning ( of the relationship ) I was perhaps a little more inclined to make him chicken soup and do all the nice things , but now I 'm more like , are you serious ?
Again ? "
Mr Lynch , 40 , admitted his colds always became flu , headaches were migraines , and when it came to a hangover , he was definitely at death 's door .
Mr Lynch , a plumber , magnified his illnesses to his partner so he could get sympathy and to get out of housework .
" If I 've got a headache , I 'll go and lie down , and it 's probably not that bad but it gets me out of doing the dishes , " he said .
Monash University psychologist Gordon
Walker said men tended to confide mostly in their partners , so it was not surprising they bore the brunt of whingeing .
But when it came to going to the doctor , men were reluctant patients and tended to tough it out more , Dr Walker said .
The latest research has found half of men upgrade their ailments to gain maximum sympathy .
They will also moan more than women when suffering a bug or virus , the British researchers found .
This is despite the fact they catch fewer colds and flu each year - five compared with women 's average of seven .
The study of 3000 people did find that women are more likely to mention minor ailments every day .
" Men have had bad press concerning their tendencies towards ' man flu ' , but our findings support the belief that men do moan more and are more likely to exaggerate their symptoms , " said Karl Elliott of Engage Mutual Assurance , which commissioned the research .
" They may have fewer bouts of genuine sickness a year , but when ill , their attention - seeking behaviour makes sure their partner knows about it . "
According to the women surveyed , almost half of men exaggerate their symptoms , while just 40 per cent of men said the same of their partners .
Women reported that 66 per cent of men were constantly moaning .
- with Daily Mail
THE COLD HARD TRUTH - Does man flu exist ?
HE SAYS
" Yes , I think it exists .
I have mates who are always sick , and telling people how sick they are for attention . "
James Bryant , 35 , Princes Hill , Melbourne
" Yeah , I think men are bigger sooks .
It pays though , we get looked after .
We recover sooner .
Good survival skills .
It even goes back to caveman times . "
Ben Isbel , 20 , Brisbane
" I do n't think it exists .
Just an excuse for laziness .
I reckon it 's just those pansy guys , they need to toughen up . "
Tommy Ho , 18 , Keysborough , Melbourne
" No .
Some blokes are just whiners .
They want to get out of work , more attention from the missus .
If I get sick I have to keep on working . "
Simon Fernleigh , 32 , Ferntree Gully , Melbourne
" Yeah , I suffer from that , so the missus will look after me better .
She will usually will say get back to work otherwise .
I think 90 per cent of Australian men do it too . "
Joel Pontin , 35 , Airport West , Melbourne
SHE SAYS
" Yeah .
A close family friend , whenever he is sick , he can't cook , do the dishes , ca n't do anything pretty much .
I know a lot of macho blokes who do it . "
Clare Keogh , 18 , Spotswood , Melbourne
" Definitely .
I have a husband and two sons .
Whenever they are sick they are dying .
If a woman gets sick , she has to keep on going . "
Gill Richardt , 50 , Somerville , Vic
" Men exaggerate of course .
A man can die from a common cold .
I think they have a lower threshold for pain and suffering than women . "
Tori Bailey , 28 , Rockhampton , Qld
" Yes , sometimes they are just big babies .
They are always the ones to call in sick at work .
The term " man flu " is quite fitting though . "
Alicia Jordinson , 25 , Hornsby , Sydney
" I think it only exists in winter when it is relevant .
In my eyes , it 's the only thing that they can get away with .
Women do it too sometimes . "
Janine Procter , 22 , Frankston , Melbourne
The Linux desktop is a place to work and a place to play .
People fortunate enough to have time to play have many distractions to amuse them .
Audio fun abounds with programs like Amarok and Rhythmbox .
Video enthusiasts will find a plethora of options , from standalone video players ( like MPlayer , Xine and VLC ) to comprehensive multimedia environments ( like Freevo and Moovida ) .
Being a video enthusiast , I find myself drawn to two of the most popular open - source entertainment tools : MythTV and XBMC .
MythTV ( www.mythtv.org) is a full - featured digital video recorder built for the Linux desktop yet perfectly suited to running as a home - theater system .
It includes support for live TV and recordings , video file and DVD playback , photo galleries , music collections , weather forecasts , movie rentals via Netflix and even home video surveillance .
Figure 1 . MythTV can be run as a distributed system , with front and back ends on different computers .
XBMC ( xbmc.org ) is a media player that also supports DVD and video file playback , music collections , photo galleries and weather forecasts .
Unlike MythTV , XBMC was not originally developed for the Linux desktop .
Instead , it was built to run on modified Xbox hardware , and later it was modified to be a general - purpose media tool and ported to the Linux desktop .
Because of this , some of XBMC 's features are geared toward the use of Xbox features , such as running games and dashboards .
Even so , XBMC has evolved into an excellent desktop Linux media player in its own right .
Figure 2 . XBMC is a media player on steroids .
MythTV and XBMC are similar tools but have different designs and target audiences .
This article does n't attempt to compare them side by side , apples to apples .
Instead , the intention is to examine each from a user perspective and discover what features have meaning to different types of users .
Because these applications are so feature - rich , the primary focus here is limited to video services — playing movies and watching TV .
Although both systems have been designed to work well when displayed on a TV , this article is written from the point of view of using the applications on a desktop .
Installation and Requirements MythTV is a well established project and , as such , is easily installed on most major Linux distributions using desktop package management tools .
Ready - made packages are available for Fedora / Red Hat / CentOS , Ubuntu , Debian , OpenSUSE , Mandriva and Arch Linux .
There also are live CD distributions , such as MythBuntu , MythDora and LinHES ( formerly KnoppMyth ) , which allow you to run MythTV without installing it .
Building from source is possible , but it can be complex , and there are many prerequisites .
Using prepackaged versions is the preferred installation mechanism .
MythTV can be used without TV capture cards .
The MythVideo plugin can be used to view and manage video files that have been ripped from DVDs or other sources .
However , MythTV requires a supported TV capture card to allow watching live TV .
It currently does not provide direct support for external TV sources , such as Hulu or Veoh .
MythTV back ends start automatically when installed from distribution packages .
To start front ends , use the mythfrontend command .
You can run other command - line tools , such as mythfilldatabase , although these often run automatically once MythTV is configured .
XBMC is built specifically for the Ubuntu distribution , and packages are available from the Ubuntu repositories .
Other Linux distributions must build from source .
Fortunately , doing so is n't hard , at least for Fedora .
As with MythTV , you need to install many prerequisite packages .
The XBMC Wiki provides copy - and - paste commands for installing them .
Some distributions may require setting some environment variables , but building the package is the same for all listed distributions : ./ bootstrap ./ configure make make install
To install to a program - specific directory , specify a prefix .
A prefix allows installation to a directory that can be removed easily later : ./ configure -- prefix=/opt/xbmc
To start the program , run bin /xbmc from the installation directory , such as / opt / xbmc / bin /xbmc .
Design Overview MythTV is designed as a personal video recorder ( PVR ) application .
It is a network - based system with back ends used to acquire and serve TV and other media to front ends that handle display and playback .
It supports a wide variety of hardware for both analog and video capture ( Figure 3 ) .
The core recording and playback system is extended with plugins that provide additional features .
The MythVideo plugin handles management and playback of video files , such as DVD rips .
MythTV is best known for its wide support of TV tuner hardware and ability to play and record both analog and digital TV .
Figure 3 . MythTV back ends support both analog and digital ( HDTV ) video capture cards .
MythTV's core focuses on watching and recording TV as well as providing extensive program guide and scheduling support .
Some plugins extend this feature , such as the Archive plugin , which allows saving recorded programs to DVDs or other files .
Because of XBMC's Xbox roots , it focuses on being a multifunction media player , capable of many types of media playback from local or remote sources .
This focus also allows the development team to emphasize the user experience .
XBMC is best known for its well designed and sophisticated user interface and skins ( Figure 4 ) .
Figure 4 . XBMC skins are plentiful and impressive .
XBMC 's core focuses on video playback , but it also is extensible through the use of Python plugins .
Currently , plugins are available that add support for TV and movie guides , instant messaging and front ends to other hardware like a TiVo .
And , XBMC forms the basis of at least one commercial venture , Boxee .
Video Management Browsing and playback of video files , such as ripped DVDs , in MythTV is handled by the MythVideo plugin .
MythVideo manages video files under a single configurable folder .
Folders under the top - level folder can be mountpoints for multiple hard drives .
Each folder can have its own icon ( folder.png ) that is displayed while browsing the collection ( Figure 5 ) .
Videos can be streamed from the back end or played by the front end from an NFS mount .
Over an 802.11g wireless connection , streamed files play with fewer pauses / skips .
Figure 5 . The MythVideo gallery view shows folder icons and is the easiest way to browse a large video collection .
Using mountpoints under the top - level directory offers multiple options on how to manage your hard drives .
RAID configurations can be used to create one large storage space .
Alternatively , multiple drives can be used for different genres .
Unlike MythVideo , XBMC is based entirely on the concept of sources .
A source can be a local hard drive or NFS mountpoint or a remote server providing streamed data ( Figure 6 ) .
XBMC supports multiple streaming formats and actually can be used to connect to a MythTV back end to watch TV and stream video .
Figure 6 .
The movies source is an NFS drive , but the MythTV source is a network connection .
To add videos to a MythVideo collection , copy files to the appropriate folder .
MythVideo can play AVI , MPEG and even DVD ISO files ( including menus ) .
To reduce disk usage , 7GB DVDs often are ripped to AVI files , which can be as small 2 GB without loss of quality .
However , ripping like this typically loses the DVD menu options and possibly the subtitles .
If you have the disk space , a DVD ISO copy is faster to create , and you wo n't lose any DVD features .
Videos can be added to local or network sources for XBMC .
However , XBMC cannot stream MythTV movies .
Instead , the MythTV movie folders must be mounted via NFS on the XBMC system , and the local mountpoint added as a video source to XBMC .
Like MythTV , XBMC can play a large number of video file formats .
Organization and Browsing MythTV provides three methods for video collection browsing .
The first is Browse mode , and it allows you to browse the entire collection front to back .
The page up and down keys make jumping through the list easy enough , although this method does n't remember your last location .
The second method is List mode , and it uses a tree listing to display entries .
This listing benefits from a well structured hierarchy under the top - level video directory .
Gallery mode is the last mode , and it uses icons for folders and movie posters for individual entries .
This is visually appealing and also benefits from a well structured hierarchy for the video collection , although the number of entries in each folder displayed over the icons is rather distracting ( Figure 7 ) .
Figure 7 . MythTV can browse sequentially or through a hierarchy .
You can give custom icons to folders in MythTV by creating a JPEG or PNG image in each directory .
The size does n't matter , although making them large enough to be displayed in high quality on the front end with the highest resolution may offer the best overall results .
MythTV scales the image as appropriate .
XBMC approaches video organization a little differently .
First , it provides two browsing modes : file and library .
File browsing starts by showing the available configured sources .
Choosing one of those then presents a listing of options relevant to that source .
For example , if one source is a set of videos on a local hard drive and another is a remote MythTV back end , the former lists the movies in a typical tree hierarchy and the latter shows features available from the server , such as live TV or recordings .
In file mode , the listings are similar in structure to a directory listing .
The typical “ .. ” parent directory lets you back up through the hierarchy .
Library mode allows you to browse only recordings .
It wo n't show sources .
Instead , it shows you the list of scanned recordings .
Moving up through the hierarchy typically involves selecting an up - arrow icon ( Figure 8 ) .
Figure 8 . XBMC 's Library mode displays scanned recordings , but File mode can access any remote source .
Like MythTV , folders under XBMC can have custom icons .
Place a folder . jpg file in each directory that requires a custom icon , and it will be displayed in either mode .
If you share the directories between MythTV and XBMC , using JPEG will mean only one icon is needed .
However , JPEG images do n't support transparency , which means converting a PNG folder icon with transparency from MythTV to a JPEG for XBMC will lose the transparent effect ( Figure 9 ) .
Figure 9 . Transparent PNG folder icons are supported by MythTV , while XBMC uses JPEG format icons .
In either mode , the listings can have multiple views .
Library mode offers List , Full List and Thumbnail views .
File mode adds Wide Icons and DVD Thumbs .
Both applications allow browsing by genre .
Genre information is set automatically when metadata is retrieved for a video .
Both systems can stack files .
Stacking associates multipart movie files as a single movie .
Metadata Editing Information about videos is known as metadata .
The metadata includes movie title , runtime , cast , synopsis and a variety of items similar to what is found on IMDB.com or TheMovieDatabase.org .
Both applications can retrieve metadata automatically when new files are added to folders , and both allow you to edit this metadata while browsing the collection ( Figure 10 ) .
XBMC offers multiple configurable sources for metadata on a per-folder basis .
MythTV 's metadata sources are dependent on configurable scripts , but only one script can be configured , and it applies to all files .
Figure 10 . MythTV ( left ) can edit individual movies .
XBMC ( right ) works only on folders of movies .
XBMC sets metadata via the context menu .
Right - click on any folder to get the menu , and then select Set Content .
Choose a source for the metadata , and then run an automated scan .
XBMC will let you add a movie that is not found manually , but once you 've done this , there is no easy way to remove the entry if it 's wrong .
In MythVideo , pressing I over a movie in any browse mode will bring up a context menu .
From there , you can edit the metadata data , reset it , play the movie or just view more details about the movie .
Video Playback
Once you 're past the setup and management , you finally can play your videos .
And , this is where the two systems shine .
Both offer high - quality playback of files in AVI , MPEG4 and even ISO formats .
ISO offers the best viewing , because all of the DVD features are available , including menus and subtitles .
Of course , both programs also will play a DVD directly from a local DVD drive .
MythVideo plays videos with no embellishments — the full window is the video .
XBMC actually can wrap its menus around a playing video and will play a video in a small window while the user browses other features ( Figure 12 ) .
XBMC also offers the usual media controls on - screen .
MythTV uses an on - screen menu , but media controls are supported by keyboard keys without the aid of on - screen controls ( Figure 11 ) .
Figure 11 .
MythTV's on - screen display handles most functions except media control while playing .
Figure 12 .
XBMC can wrap menus around playing video ( left ) or place it in a small window ( right ) .
TV Guide , Playback and Recordings From the user perspective , TV playback under both systems is very similar to video playback .
XBMC places TV as another source under its Video feature .
MythTV separates videos from TV , although TV recordings still are under the TV function .
The main difference between MythTV and XBMC is the way the guide is displayed .
MythTV has a built - in guide that is updated by a back - end server ( Figure 13 ) .
The guide is accessed from the OSD menu while watching live TV or when scheduling a recording .
MythTV can record live TV from any configured hardware .
The more TV tuners installed on the back ends , the more sources for recordings .
When one tuner is busy recording , another can be used to watch live TV .
You can schedule recordings using any of the numerous guide search mechanisms , and you can start recordings while watching a show .
You also can view recordings even while it is still recording , as long as some recorded data is available .
Recordings are given priorities so that if they conflict and not enough video sources are available , the higher priority gets access to the device .
Figure 13 .
The MythTV guide is color - coded by genre .
There is only one way to watch recordings , and MythTV uses a tree structure for finding the recordings .
Migrating recordings from MythTV's TV feature to MythVideo requires archiving them first via MythArchive .
This is not particularly user - friendly , so keep your expectations low for hanging onto recordings .
XBMC uses a MythTV back end to show live TV .
It also uses MythTV 's guide information .
However , it shows the guide information using the same view types as videos in File mode .
XBMC , however , cannot record data .
It can play only live TV or view existing video files .
It can not create new video files from live TV .
Appearance and Intangibles Both systems support the VDPAU extensions for NVIDIA , which provides high - quality playback .
Because both support OpenGL , they also provide video controls , such as brightness , contrast and color controls ( Figure 14 ) .
The actual features available under MythTV depend on various configuration options for both video and TV features .
XBMC always has the same options available from any video playback , be it video files or live TV .
These controls were available for an NVIDIA - based display .
Other video hardware may present different options .
Figure 14 .
Video controls are available in both programs .
MythTV uses upfront configuration of window sizes and does n't allow scaling the display while you watch .
This is n't a problem once you 're set up to display on a real TV , but if you watch on a desktop while you work , it 's more of an issue .
XBMC can display full screen , as does MythTV , but it also allows playing in a window that can be scaled while video is playing .
Neither system will stream Internet video , so you can't get to Hulu or Veoh from them .
There are hacks for doing this , but they mostly just launch the Hulu player as an external application .
Both systems are fairly stable .
XBMC crashed a few times during my research , and I experienced a few lockups , although the latter may have been due to some interaction with the MythTV back end .
MythTV crashes are very seldom .
During my research , it crashed once while experimenting with the use of subtitles while playing a DVD ISO file .
Earlier today , a Consumer Reports post made headlines after they concluded that they simply could not recommend the iPhone 4 due to the widely reported signal issues related to touching the lower - left corner of the device .
This single issue alone has prevented them from fully recommending the iPhone 4 .
However , their formal testing otherwise revealed that the iPhone 4 ranked the highest amongst all smartphones in their testing .
AllThingsD ( via LoopInsight ) summarizes the report ( subscription required ) .
The [ iPhone 4 ] scored 76 out of 100 points -- two points ahead of its closest rivals , the iPhone 3Gs and the HTC Evo 4G .
...
The product evaluation agency rated the iPhone 4 " Excellent " in its display , navigation , Web browsing , multimedia and battery life categories , " Very Good " in phoning and messaging and " Good " in voice quality .
The iPhone 4 beat out the HTC Evo as well as all the other Smartphones and had the highest score of 76/100 .
The signal issue described is that holding the lower - left corner of the iPhone 4 can reduce cell phone signal and affect calls in areas with lower reception .
The issue depends on your local coverage and can be alleviated with a phone case .
The past few months have kept myself and my team quite busy , as we 've turned our attentions from maintenance of the Zend Framework 1.X series to Zend Framework 2.0 .
I 've been fielding questions regularly about ZF2 lately , and felt it was time to talk about the roadmap for ZF2 , what we 've done so far , and how the community can help .
Zend Framework 2.0 Roadmap
2.0 marks the first new major release of Zend Framework , and , as such , is the first time we can break backwards compatibility .
Major releases are generally of two flavors : large , new featuresets , or rewrites and refactoring to fix architectural concerns .
ZF2 falls primarily in this latter category .
I posted a rough roadmap in November on the ZF wiki , to which we received a lot of feedback .
Several ideas we brought up that were contested , and we re-considered many of the decisions and goals we outlined as a result before we started implementation .
Also , around 5 or 6 weeks ago , I started a discussion with Bill Karwin , who led the project from mid-2006 through the 1.0 release in 2007 and slightly beyond .
He had some solid feedback on the nature of the roadmap , and with this information , results of a poll we did late last year , and feedback I 've had via mailing lists , IRC , twitter , blogs , and more , I published a new roadmap that focussed less on implementation detail while firmly and succinctly stating the requirements for the project .
Stated in a sentence :
The primary thrust of ZF 2.0 is to make a more consistent , well - documented product , improving developer productivity and runtime performance .
The basic goals are as follows :
Ease the learning curve
Make extending the framework trivially simple
Improve baseline performance of the framework
Simplify maintenance of the framework
Be an exemplar of PHP 5.3 usage
Provide mechanisms for using just the parts of the framework needed
We also stated several general development objectives for those contributing to ZF2 :
Simplify
Programming by Contract
Favoring the Explicit
For more detail on each of these goals , I encourage you to read the document .
What has been accomplished
While the roadmap has only really stabilized recently , that does not mean we have n't been working steadily on its development .
There were some objectives we anticipated as early as 2 years ago .
Among these were migrating the project to namespaces , providing infrastructure to allow cherry - picking components for packaging , and updating the unit test infrastructure to make better use of more recent PHPUnit features .
Shortly after 1.10.0 was released , I created a temporary git repository on my own server , and started work .
The first task I did was to update the unit test suite and analyze all class files for dependencies to assist in the namespaces migration .
After completing this process , my entire team — all three of us — started the work of migrating the code to namespaces .
Ralph wrote a tool that scanned the library and created a map file of existing classes and suggested namespace / classname combinations .
We then used this tool as a launching point for the migration , each of us working on a component at a time .
This work was by no means automated — we discovered very quickly that such a tool only took care of the most cursory work .
I detailed some of our findings a couple months back ; we ran into a number of issues we never anticipated , and the progress has been far from speedy .
At this point , however , we have migrated everything but the Zend_Service classes , the MVC , and those components that build on top of the MVC ( Application , Navigation , Form , etc. ) .
We also rewrote a few components during this time , as we discovered inconsistencies or in areas where we had problems with unit testing .
One such is a component that has been a pain point basically since its creation : Zend \Session .
The new design gives a good idea of what can be accomplished during a focussed rewrite , and by using 5.3 features where they make sense , and I 'm very pleased with how it turned out .
In parallel with this effort , I also did a fair bit of research determining how we would offer our Git repository and workflow .
We 're going for a fairly traditional workflow where only a small handful of developers will have commit access , and all other contributors will submit pull requests to those developers — for everything ranging from documentation fixes to bugfixes and feature topics .
To ensure that those contributing have signed a CLA , we have created a pre-receive hook that verifies either the author or reviewer against a list of CLA signees .
Additionally , we have created post - receive processes to create RSS feeds and deliver email notifications .
These processes will be easy for us to hook into to add new functionality — such as sending updates to a twitter account , performing subtree merges , and more .
This should aid us greatly in setting up continous integration in the near future .
The official Zend Framework 2.0
Git repository is available for cloning :
git clone git://git.zendframework.com/zf.git
The helpful folks at Github have also kindly provided a mirror of the repository ; our hope is that contributors can fork from there in order to collaborate on new features and bug fixes .
( I 've also cloned it under my own Github account , for those who want to issue pull requests . )
Warning !
Zend Framework 2.0 development is in very early stages , and should not be used for developing production applications .
In fact , the APIs will change in the coming weeks and months , and should not be relied on for really much of anything .
Community Initiatives
A number of new initiatives have sprung up in the last week surrounding the community 's involvement in the ZF2 process .
The primary goal of my team has been to get the library migrated sufficiently so that we can open the repository to cloning , and allow contributors to begin working on initiatives to improve the framework .
This is now possible , and several other initiatives are emerging .
Several community members have put forth the idea of a community review team .
This effort is still taking shape , but the basic goals are :
Assist contributors in getting patches into the framework , primarily by acting as a liaison to missing maintainers or arbitrators between maintainers and other contributors .
Shepherd new feature proposals into the master branch , by performing proposal review and code review .
For more information on this effort , please review the thread on the zf - contributors mailing list .
A number of contributors are also starting to discuss rewrites and refactoring of components .
Much of this is being done on the zf - contributors mailing list , and some on the #zftalk. dev channel on Freenode .
If you are interested in contributing , I highly recommend subscribing to the list and dropping into the channel when you can .
End Notes
These are exciting times for Zend Framework development — the first time we can break backwards compatibility since the 1.0 release , and a chance to participate in cutting edge PHP 5.3 development .
While the process has been slow , it 's also been incredibly rewarding and a huge learning experience — and I 'm glad I 've had the chance to participate .
I hope you 'll join us !
It was n't long ago that analysts were murmuring that Google 's stock ( GOOG ) was about to be a big winner again .
Not anymore .
Now everyone 's cutting their Google estimates .
Yes , most of the cuts are blamed on the strengthening dollar , which will cut into Google 's foreign profits .
But there 's also the not - exactly - stunning recovery of the core business and the complete dud known as the Nexus One .
Google still needs to find that big second revenue stream .
Until it does , the stock will likely be stuck in the mud .
Here 's Mark Mahaney of Citi :
Lowering Estimates On FX —
We have lowered our 2010 Net Revenue ests by 2 % to $ 20.5B & our 2010 Non-GAAP EPS by 3 % to $ 27.41 due to a material change in our FX assumptions ( sig. Euro weakness ) , and to a lesser extent , to reduced Nexus One unit sales ests .
We have made similar reductions to Q2 and 2011 ests .
Channel Checks suggest , however , that Core Biz Trends are at least In - Line .
Channel Check # 1 : Takeaways From Proprietary Quarterly SEM Call – On 6/11 , we hosted our Q2 SEM call with leading firms Covario , SearchIgnite , Efficient Frontier , and Clickable .
Our takeaway is that GOOG ’s core Search biz continues to see an improvement vs. H2:09 levels .
Our checks are seeing solid Q/ Q Q2 Search spend growth , w/ the Travel , Retail , and Finance verticals as strong .
Also , the SEMs are looking for 14% - 20 % 2010 spend growth , consistent with our GOOG estimates .
Channel Check # 2 : CPC Datapoints – Organic CPC ( Cost Per Click ) trends , which were negative in Q1 , appear to have reversed and are positive in Q2 , with particular growth in the Retail & Travel verticals .
Specifically , Efficient Frontier is tracking high single digit + % Q/Q growth through May .
FX headwinds will dampen CPC moves , but our 1 % Q/Q CPC assumption seems highly reasonable .
Channel Check # 3 : comScore qSearch Market Share Trends – Per our 6/10 note , GOOG ’s share of U.S. Queries reached an all time high of 66.4 % in May , when adjusting out for contextual / slideshow searches .
Reiterate Buy & Top Pick , With PT Reduced From $ 640 to $ 630 —
We maintain our 20X target P/E multiple on our 4 % reduced Non-GAAP 2011 EPS of $ 31.30 .
Our $ 630 PT implies approximately 30 % upside .
We continue to believe that a non-UK International Macro recovery and a material contribution from GOOG ’s new revenue initiatives will over the next 1 - 3 quarters – NOT 1 - 3 years – likely combine for a Breakout Quarter .
International Monetary
Fund says only western countries in the most severe difficulty should try to reduce their deficits , appearing to back former Labour government 's policy
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
The International Monetary Fund today called the government 's spending cuts into question , warning western countries that cutting budget deficits this year risked derailing economic recovery .
In remarks that appeared to favour the cautious approach to fiscal policy favoured by the former Labour administration , the Washington - based organisation said only countries facing severe problems in the markets needed to make early cuts .
" Most advanced economies do not need to tighten before 2011 , because tightening sooner could undermine the fledgling recovery , but they should not add further stimulus , " the IMF said in an update to its twice - yearly world economic outlook .
The government announced £ 6bn of emergency spending cuts in its first week in an attempt to forestall speculative attacks on the UK that affected Greece and other euro area countries .
The chancellor , George Osborne followed up with a severe budget last month .
In its updated report , the fund supported " ambitious and credible " plans to reduce budget deficits over the medium term , but said that in the near term any action should " depend on country circumstances , particularly the pace of recovery and the risk of a loss of fiscal credibility " .
The fund said that following last year 's 4.0 % drop in output , Britain would grow by 1.2 % this year , the second - slowest growth rate in the G7 group of industrialised nations and 0.1 points lower than its previous estimate in April .
Next year , it expects growth to pick up to 2.1 % , 0.4 points down on its April forecast .
This year 's forecast is the same as the UK government 's latest estimate , made in the emergency budget .
But the IMF 's prediction for next year is below the 2.3 % predicted by the Office for Budget Responsibility ( OBR ) , set up by Osborne to produce independent economic forecasts .
A slowdown in Britain 's services and manufacturing sectors has triggered fears of a double - dip recession , with former Bank of England policymaker David Blanchflower saying the government 's austerity measures could cause another downturn .
Adam Posen , a member of the Bank 's monetary policy committee , recently said the UK was " tentatively " recovering and risked falling back .
By contrast , the IMF reckoned the world economy was recovering faster than expected , although it warned that Europe 's debt troubles posed a big risk .
The fund upgraded its 2010 growth forecast for the world economy to 4.5 % from 4.1 % in April .
It has raised its growth forecast for China to 10.5 % this year from 10 % in April , for Japan to 2.4 % from 1.9 % and for India to 9.4 % from 8.8 % .
The US also has stronger prospects , with growth forecasts revised higher to 3.3 % from 3.1 % this year and to 2.9 % from 2.6 % in 2011 .
" While we predict the [ world ] recovery will continue , it is clear that downside risks have risen sharply , " said Olivier Blanchard , the IMF 's chief economist .
The eurozone is still expected to expand by 1 % this year , as predicted in April , but next year 's prediction has been cut by 0.2 percentage points to 1.3 % .
The director of the fund 's monetary and capital markets department , José Viñals , warned that Europe 's problems " could spill over to other regions and stall the global recovery " .
He stressed that " further credible and decisive policy action is needed " , adding that " progress towards global financial stability has recently experienced a setback " .
June was a terrible month for the war in Afghanistan .
The milestone of the 300th British death was compounded by the most deadly month for the Nato - led mission since the start of the conflict .
The precise compilation of western casualties contrasts with almost criminal neglect in tracking the numbers of Afghan civilians killed since 2001 .
If Afghanistan is the " good war " then why are we not demanding to be accurately told how many skeletons there are in the Afghan closet ?
In 2005 Donald Rumsfeld famously quipped that " death has a tendency to encourage a depressing view of war " .
The US defence department maintains documentation on US military personnel only , while the British ministry of defence " does not maintain records that would enable a definitive number of civilian fatalities to be recorded " – although it did confirm last month that payments to relatives of Afghan civilians killed in error by British forces have trebled over the past year .
The Afghan government , characterised by massive levels of ineptitude and corruption , has failed to keep centralised records of civilian casualties which would enable it to issue annual estimates .
True to form , the International Security Assistance Force has also avoided releasing body counts – leaving it to an inconsistent patchwork group of NGOs and academics to correlate the numbers of dead Afghans .
Although boosted by an occasional United Nations report , homemade body counts are largely unreliable , as they struggle to agree on a consistent methodology and are unable to keep up to date with the constant grind of killing .
Perhaps the best statistics we have on the plight of the Afghans is the UN report on how for the past three decades Afghanistan has been the leading country of origin for refugees – with 2.9 million Afghans living across 71 countries .
How can any western official claim to have the best interests of the Afghans at heart when they do n't even know how many they 've killed ?
To understand the western presence in Afghanistan it is of critical importance to effectively and publicly track the lives lost as a result of both military and " insurgent " action .
In 2009 the head of the army , General Sir Richard Dannatt , told the BBC Radio 4 Today programme : " A high number of deaths inevitably makes you question what we are doing , how we are doing it .
The conclusion one has to reach is , going right back to basics on this , that this mission is really important . "
Yet Dannatt is guilty of a moral triangulation that has typified the avoidance of a real audit into Afghan deaths .
Indeed , the constant repetition of the British death toll and fiscal expenditure is part of the " blood and treasure " argument that , in a country that supports its soldiers , places a firewall in front of any real debate on the war itself , typified by the consensus during the recent election campaign .
After sacking General Stanley McChrystal , President Obama announced that the personnel had changed , not the policy .
Yet in the furore over McChrystal 's attacks on the US civilian leadership , people missed how the Rolling Stone article highlighted that the former general was engaged in a battle with the military to reduce civilian casualties .
McChrystal spoke of how " we 've shot an amazing number of people " , a reality that is most viscerally described in Sebastian Junger 's account of the war .
Turning the US military into a more nuanced killing machine had been a struggle for McChrystal as soldiers saw their lives being placed at greater risk .
While he was in charge , McChrystal attempted to avoid civilian casualties ( known as Civ Cas ) by reducing air and artillery strikes , the destroying of houses and dangerous US military driving styles .
The recent Marjah offensive and upcoming Kandahar operations were highly publicised to allow civilians to leave the area .
McChrystal explained to his men that " the Russians killed one million Afghans and that did n't work " .
Our way out of Afghanistan , the McChrystal / Petraeus counterinsurgency strategy , emphasises protecting local populations , providing them with services such as schools and health clinics .
Yet without proper tracking of the numbers of Afghans killed then the best Petraeus may be able to achieve , as he did in Iraq , is a narrative of success that ignores the far more complex and bloody reality .
Draft Horse Twins
by Gail Damerow Dr. O.J. Ginther , equine reproduction specialist at the University of Wisconsin , tells us that in a study of 102 draft mares giving birth 403 times , 13 births resulted in twins .
Of those 13 births , both twins survived in only two cases , one twin survived in two other cases , and both twins were lost in the remaining 9 cases .
If these numbers hold true across the board , statistically you can expect twins to account for about 3 % of all draft births , with both twins surviving in 15 % of the twinning births or about 0.5 % of all births .
Healthy , surviving twins born to draft mares in recent years include : Belgian 
Molly mule twins born to a 9 - year - old Belgian mare owned by Edgar Wimmer of Bland , Virginia , in April 2005 .
Filly and colt twins born to an 18 - year - old mare owned by Peter and Tami Hussey of Biddeford , Maine , in May 2000 .
Identical colts born to a registered Belgian mare belonging to Jack Fogle of Kentucky in the spring of 1996 .
Twin fillies born to a mare owned by Jim and Sherry Stuart of New Virginia , Iowa , in July 1995 .
Twin stud foals born to a mare owned by David & Katie Yoder of Clare , Michigan , in June 1995 .
The same mare had twinned a filly and stud the previous June , but neither survived .
Horse mule colts born to a 4 - year - old mare owned by Bob Patton of Everton , Missouri , in May 1993 .
Twin fillies born to a 9 - year - old owned by Henry and Dorothy Reyelts of Mount Vernon , Missouri , in May 1992 .
The same mare aborted a second set of twins the following November .
Clydesdale Filly and colt twins born to 12 - year - old mare Indian Mountain Lady owned by Lawrence Koeppe of Bryan , Ohio , under the care of Debbie Bechstein of Olde Tyme Travel Clydesdales in Portage , Ohio , in April 2006 .
This is the second set of Clyde twins born on Debbie 's farm ( see below ) , to unrelated mares .
Twin fillies born to a mare owned by Cairns Witherow of Portnablagh , County Donegal , Ireland , in March 2000 .
Filly and colt twins born to a mare owned by David Cannon of Ballingluig , Perthshire , Scotland , in May 1999 .
Stud colt and filly born to Hill Topper Judy owned by Debbie Bechstein of Portage , Ohio , in May 1998 .
A pair of fillies born to an 11 - year - old mare owned by Fred and Phillis Denton of Enon Valley , Pennsylvania , in July 1993 .
Percheron Twin colts foaled to Percheron mare Brooke owned by Tracy and Steve Balgey of Treynor , Iowa , in March 2006 .
Twin fillies foaled to a red roan Percheron mare owned by Gary Steiner of Finlayson , Minnesota , in June 2005 .
A bay and a black overo filly foaled in September 2003 to a Percheron mare owned by the Bickford family of Triple B Drafters in West Branch , Iowa .
A filly and colt born to a Percheron mare on a PMU farm in Alberta , Canada , in the spring of 2002 .
A pair of foals born to 6 - year - old mare owned by Ernest Coleman of [ unknown ] in February 2002 .
Shire 
Twin colts born to 12 - year - old mare Steegies Keepsake owned by Ray and Jeanette Keyes of San Diego , California , in June 2006 .
Twin fillies born to 6 - year - old mare Farholme Princess owned by Jim Higgins of Oldham , Lancashire , United Kingdom , in April 2006 .
Twin colts born to a gray mare owned by Tom Tucker of Humble , Texas , in May 2006 .
Twin fillies Thunder and Lightning born to the mare Ruffian owned Bob and Celeste Schulte of Gilmer , Texas , in April 2005 .
Colt Brandy and filly Frances born to the mare Lady owned by Kevin and Emily Millar in Lancashire , England , in June of 2003 .
A filly and a colt born to a 6 - year - old Shire mare owned by Terri Goodwin of Tallahassee , Florida , in April 2001 .
Twin fillies born to a 5 - year - old Shire mare owned by Brenda and Dave Daniher near La Junta , Colorado , in May 1998 .
Twins Bud and Weiser , born on the Isle of Wight in 1991 .
Gail Damerow is the former editor of Rural Heritage magazine .
If you know of other successfully foaled draft horse twins , please email .
情報とのアクセスによる期待感
システムが正常に働くためには、エンジニアの手によるプログラミングが重要なウェイトを占めると考えられます。
自分が思い描いている通りのシステムを構築していく過程において、要所々でプログラミングとの深いつながりを直に感じているエンジニアは少なくないと思うのです。
エンジニアがプログラミングを通して、ダイレクトにコンピュータに的確な指示を与えていく様子は、さながら築き上げてきたＩＴ社会を守り通そうとする姿勢さえも感じさせていき、その姿勢が維持される限り、今後のＩＴ社会の発展が約束されていくと思うのです。
日頃からプログラミングに携わっているエンジニアは、
「 俺がエンジニアとして今の仕事に関わっているからこそ、現在のＩＴ社会が希望に向かって一直線に突き進んでいくことができるんだ。俺を中心としてＩＴ社会が彩りのあるものにしていくために、俺はこの仕事に誇りを持ち続けていこう」という自負を抱いている人もいます。
ＩＴ業界に携わっていることを、無上の喜びとして捉えていくことがうかがえてくるのです。
自分は何のためにこの世に生を受けてきたのかを考えたときに、自分の仕事にどれだけのやりがいを見いだしていこうか、という意識喚起をしていくことが考えられていきます。
人が目標達成に向かって歩き続けられる所以は、まさに仕事があってこそだと信じている方がいても不思議ではないでしょう。
自分の夢を叶えていこうとする気持ちから、充実感を得ようとしたり多くの人達を幸せに導いていこうとする想いにより、おのずと社会貢献につながる行動力を発揮することは決して珍しいことではないと思うのです。
やりがいのある職種、プログラミング構築するエンジニアをこれから目指す人は、ある程度のスキルを取得しておくことが必要だと言えます。
ただし 、 「 Javaプログラマー資格診断書」というサイトによると未経験でも挑戦できるようなので参考にしてみるといいでしょう。
Nearly half of Australian households are unable to watch the ABC 's 24 - hour free - to - air news channel on their television sets .
The taxpayer - funded channel ABC News 24 , which launched last night , is being broadcast in high definition ( HD ) , replacing ABC HD , which was previously provided as a simultaneous broadcast of ABC1 , a standard definition ( SD ) channel , on HD .
This means viewers need a HD - compatible set - top box or TV to watch the channel .
Pay TV subscribers who have not upgraded to a HD –subscription will also not be able to access it .
According to the latest figures from the federal government 's Digital Tracker Report , about 68 per cent of Australian households have converted to digital TV , of which 84 per cent have access to HDTV , meaning only 57 per cent of viewers have HD sets .
News junkies wanting to get a glimpse of the channel can watch it online at abc.net.au/news/abcnews24 / or on iView , but there 's a catch .
32 équipes nationales disputeront la Coupe du monde du 11 juin au 11 juillet en Afrique du Sud. AFP / ALEXANDER JOE
Fabien
Ollier est directeur de la revue Quel sport ?
Il a publié un grand nombre d'ouvrages participant de la critique radicale du sport dont notamment L'Intégrisme du football en 2002 , Footmania en 2007 , Le Livre noir des J.O. de Pékin en 2008 .
A quelques jours de l'ouverture de la Coupe du monde de football , Fabien Ollier dresse un état des lieux sans concession de cette grand - messe planétaire orchestrée par " la toute - puissante multinationale privée de la FIFA " .
Vous comparez le sport en général , le football en particulier , à une aliénation planétaire .
Que vous inspire la Coupe du monde ?
Fabien Ollier :
Il suffit de se plonger dans l'histoire des Coupes du monde pour en extraire la longue infamie politique et la stratégie d'aliénation planétaire .
Le Mondial sud-africain ne fait d'ailleurs pas exception à la règle .
L'expression du capital le plus prédateur est à l'œuvre : les multinationales partenaires de la FIFA et diverses organisations mafieuses se sont déjà abattues sur l'Afrique du Sud pour en tirer les plus gros bénéfices possibles .
Un certain nombre de journalistes qui ont travaillé en profondeur sur le système FIFA ont mis en évidence le mode de fonctionnement plutôt crapuleux de l'organisation .
Ce n'est un secret pour personne aujourd ' hui .
De plus , il y a une certaine indécence à faire croire que la population profitera de cette manne financière .
Le nettoyage des quartiers pauvres , l'expulsion des habitants , la rénovation luxueuse de certains townships ont été contrôlés par des " gangs " qui n'ont pas l'habitude de reverser les bénéfices .
Avec la majorité de la population vivant avec moins de 2 euros par jour , cet étalage de richesse est pour le moins contestable .
Le déploiement sécuritaire censé maintenir l'ordre , assurer une soi-disant paix civile n'est autre en réalité que la construction d'un véritable Etat de siège , un Etat " big brother " .
Les hélicos , les milliers de policiers et de militaires ne sont là que pour contrôler , parquer la misère et protéger le luxe , pour permettre aux pseudo - passionnés de football de " vibrer " .
La mobilisation de masse des esprits autour des équipes nationales induit la mise en place d'une hystérie collective obligatoire .
Tout cela relève d'une diversion politique évidente , d'un contrôle idéologique d'une population .
En temps de crise économique , le seul sujet qui devrait nous concerner est la santé de nos petits footballeurs .
C'est pitoyable .
Pourtant , les Français sont plutôt critiques avec leur équipe nationale .
On assiste plutôt à la réduction de chaque citoyen en analyste de café des sports par un processus d'identification .
C'est un supportérisme obligatoire déguisé en " pensée critique " , dans les bons comme dans les pires moments .
Il existe en réalité une propension du plus grand nombre à réclamer sa part d'opium sportif .
Mais pour que le désamour des Français à l'égard des équipes de mercenaires millionnaires évolue en véritable prise de conscience , je souhaite que l'équipe de France ne passe pas le premier tour .
Leur manière de jouer si mal tout en étalant de manière indécente un rythme de vie particulièrement nauséabond est la preuve d'une morgue terrible vis-à - vis de quelques principes éthiques et moraux élémentaires .
Malheureusement , chaque victoire de l'équipe de France fait reculer de plusieurs centimètres la pensée critique dans ce pays .
Je n'apprécie pas le développement du totalitarisme sportif .
Nous venons d'en finir avec Roland - Garros , le Mondial prend place et nous aurons ensuite le Tour de France .
Le système des retraites peut être pulvérisé en silence .
Comment appréhendez - vous alors le succès français en 1998 analysé et célébré par de nombreux intellectuels comme un événement positif dépassant le simple cadre sportif ?
La victoire de l'équipe de France a généré une défaite de la pensée .
De nombreux intellectuels ont choisi de descendre dans les vestiaires au lieu de s'emparer de domaines sociopolitiques d'importance .
Ils mettent en œuvre une pensée caricaturale qui consiste à constater amèrement les dérives du sport mais à noyer le tout dans un discours idéaliste sur les " valeurs positives " du sport :
" Oui , le sport entraîne parfois des comportements limites mais je ne peux pas faire autrement que de m'y laisser prendre " .
Trop d'intellectuels ont succombé aux " passions vibratoires " et aux " extases " sportives ; ce sont eux qui légitiment à présent l'horreur sportive généralisée : violences , dopage , magouilles , crétinisme des supporters , etc .
Votre thèse réfute l'idée du football ou du sport en général comme simple reflet de la société avec son lot de violences .
En effet , une grande partie de ceux qui défendent le sport et le football les dédouanent en leur conférant un simple effet miroir d'une société violente .
" On ne peut pas demander au football d'être moins violent que la société " .
A mon sens , il n'est pas seulement le reflet , le football est également producteur de violences sociales , générateur de violences nouvelles .
Il impose un modèle de darwinisme social .
Cela tient à sa structure même : le football est organisé en logique de compétition et d'affrontement .
Jouer ce spectacle par des acteurs surpayés devant des smicards et des chômeurs est aussi une forme de violence .
Une logique contradictoire se fait d'ailleurs jour .
D'un côté , les supporters ont conscience du fait que les sportifs gagnent des sommes folles par rapport au néant qu'ils produisent mais de l'autre côté , dans une soif d'identification liée à leur propre misère , il y a une impossibilité à ne pas " rêver " devant cette marchandise vivante qui démontre que l'on peut se hisser au sommet de l'échelle .
Une autre image d'Epinal du football lui attribue un rôle d'exutoire des nationalismes et des guerres .
La symbolisation de la guerre n'existe pas dans les stades , la guerre est présente .
Le football exacerbe les tensions nationalistes et suscite des émotions patriotiques d'un vulgaire et d'une absurdité éclatants .
Je réfute l'idée d'un procès de civilisation .
Le sport provoque une forme de violence différente , moins évidente qu'une bombe mais ne participe absolument pas à un recul de la violence .
Il y a de multiples coups d'épingle à la place d'un grand coup d'épée .
Vous regrettez le ralliement de la gauche aux valeurs de droite léguées par le sport de pointe .
En quoi consiste - il ?
Le sport est indéniablement politique .
A ce titre , il génère des valeurs politiques .
Il est intéressant d'essayer de savoir si ces valeurs sont de droite ou de gauche .
Il me semble que la gauche a rompu avec ses valeurs pour se rallier au modèle de droite fondé sur le principe de rendement , de hiérarchie et de compétition .
Voir Marie - George
Buffet dénoncer le foot - spectacle et se retrouver en finale de la Coupe du monde 98 vêtue du maillot et criant ses encouragements à l'équipe de France , c'est assez schizophrénique .
Il y a une défaite politique de la gauche vis -à - vis de la stratégie de développement capitalistique effectuée par le sport de pointe à travers les multinationales privées qui l'organisent tels que la FIFA , l'UEFA et le CIO .
L'exemple de l'attribution de l'Euro 2016 à la France est frappant .
A gauche , les Verts , le PCF ont signé une lettre de soutien à la FFF .
Par cet acte , ils ont fourni un blanc - seing à toute forme de dilapidation de l'argent public .
En période de crise , comment la gauche peut - elle ne pas être sensible à l'attribution d'une enveloppe d'1,7 milliard d'euros à la rénovation des stades ?
Il paraît incroyable que cela soit des multinationales privées qui décident de ce qu'un Etat doit mettre en œuvre en matière de politique économique .
Propos recueillis par Anthony Hernandez
Chicken of the VNC is a VNC client for Mac OS X. A VNC client allows one to display and interact with a remote computer screen .
In other words , you can use Chicken of the VNC to interact with a remote computer as though it 's right next to you .
This project has has been superseded by http://chicken.sourceforge.net/
The Obama White House is responding to calls and letters from Florida Democrats unhappy with its response to the oil spill .
W.H. sends 2012 rescue team to Fla .
ST . PETERSBURG , Fla . —
The White House has quietly launched an effort to confront the political backlash along the Gulf Coast over its handling of the BP oil spill — giving special attention to Florida , the only state in the region President Barack Obama won in 2008 and one he will need again when he runs for reelection in 2012 .
The White House dispatched political and communications aides to the Gulf Coast states on July 12 , with Alabama and Mississippi receiving one each , sources familiar with the effort said .
Some aides went to Louisiana , while Florida received four .
Advertisement
That battleground state will be a heavy lift .
In interviews conducted along the coast , Florida Democrats accused the administration of largely ignoring their calls and letters and complained of a White House that ’s out of touch .
Alex Sink , Florida ’s chief financial officer and the state ’s presumptive Democratic gubernatorial nominee , even characterized Vice President Joe Biden ’s recent visit to the state as “ a screw - up , ” saying she was “ embarrassed ” by his speech .
“ It was just so off target and out of touch with the reality of what ’s going on over there , ” Sink said in an interview at the Florida Democratic Party headquarters in Tallahassee .
It ’s the type of criticism the White House wants to avoid .
The administration aides in Florida function similarly to a campaign .
They do rapid response and media coordination , and they report back to senior aides in the West Wing in nearly real time about what they ’re hearing on the ground .
The effort came about after the White House grew concerned over political damage from not having a permanent presence in the Gulf Coast states .
Obama ’s top advisers summoned a small group of young former campaign staffers working in the administration to the White House for a meeting , said a source with knowledge of the meeting .
No one mentioned 2012 specifically , but it was clear the administration ’s approach to the oil spill had the potential to hurt the president ’s reelection campaign and that the issue required more hands - on attention .
“ Someone recognized that all we were doing was playing defense , ” said an administration official .
The aides were sent to the Gulf Coast five days after the meeting .
White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said the officials are on the Gulf Coast to ensure an effective response , but he did not offer details of the effort .
“ This was an unprecedented disaster , the likes of [ which ] we have n’t ever seen , ” Gibbs said .
“ We moved folks there as the disaster lasted longer and [ we ] needed to ensure we had the personnel there to do what needed to be done to respond effectively . ”
The Florida team arrived in New Orleans for a series of briefings that took them to Mobile , Ala. , and ultimately , Tallahassee .
They set up shop in Florida ’s Emergency Operations Center , where they work alongside the Coast Guard and down the hall from BP and state officials .
Their task is to improve the administration ’s outreach with local leaders and to tend to political fields the White House has largely neglected .
The immediate focus is on residual angst in the panhandle , the area hit hardest by the oil spill .
But the White House also has its eye cast farther south , to areas along the Gulf Coast that were pivotal in putting Obama over the top in Florida in 2008 : the traditionally conservative counties around Tampa and St. Petersburg , down to Sarasota .
The political stakes are clear .
Obama ’s approval rating in Florida is around 40 percent .
His numbers in red states that he picked up during the election , such as Virginia and North Carolina , make his 2008 campaign ’s 50 - state strategy look increasingly implausible for 2012 , elevating the importance of Florida .
And within Florida , the Tampa Bay area on the west end of the Interstate 4 corridor is key for Obama .
Yet it is here where anxious residents , small - business owners and elected officials languished for months without answers from the administration about what to expect and how to prepare for oil washing ashore .
Oil never arrived — and by most predictions never will — but the damage was done .
Now the region ’s economies are suffering under the perception that there ’s oil on the shores , crippling the tourism and fishing industries .
BP recently opened an office in the area , and in Miami , but White House officials have yet to make an appearance .
It ’s created a palpable sense of disenchantment with a president many people in the area worked hard to get elected .
“ The Obama campaign was brilliant at connecting with people emotionally , and what I ’m seeing and feeling on the ground as I talk to people in Sarasota is that [ it ] is not happening , ” said state Rep. Keith Fitzgerald , a Democrat who organized for the campaign and introduced Obama at a rally in Sarasota two days before the election .
“ So they have some catching up to do , ” Fitzgerald added .
“ He ca n’t lose those votes . ”
The White House team in Florida includes Jon Wright , the Obama campaign ’s deputy political director in northwest Florida who works in legislative affairs for the Commerce Department ; Tom Reynolds , the campaign ’s deputy communications director in Ohio and now the deputy director of public affairs at the Energy Department ; Rohan Patel , the campaign ’s political director in Indiana , who is director of advance for Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack ; and Kevin Lewis , a White House press assistant who also worked on the campaign .
For some Florida Democrats , the administration ’s handling of the oil spill irritated pent - up frustration over what they say has been a lack of communication from the White House on key issues for the area , including Obama ’s pre-spill decision to open up the waters off the coast of Florida to oil drilling .
“ When that decision was made , to my knowledge , there was no consulting of a lot of these coastal communities , ” said Sarasota Mayor Kelly Kirschner , a Democrat who organized for Obama ’s campaign .
For Sink , Biden ’s June 29 visit to Pensacola fed into a larger perception that the administration was disengaged .
She said the White House invited her to meet briefly with Biden , but instead she saw him “ for about 10 seconds ” and watched his speech on TV .
Biden ’s communications director , Jay Carney , said in response to Sink ’s comments : “ The administration ’s response to the BP Deepwater Horizon oil spill has been unprecedented at every level .
The vice president visited Louisiana and Florida on June 29 to assess the federal response to the spill and to meet with people affected by it .
He did the same thing this week when he returned to the Gulf Coast region , this time to Alabama . ”
The president ’s recent weekend vacation in Maine did n’t help .
“ Sometimes , it ’s just how you communicate , and when you go to Maine instead of coming down here it kind of sends a message , ” said state Rep. Bill Heller , a Democrat and early Obama supporter whose Pinellas County district includes St. Pete Beach .
“ He ’s my president and I like him , but at the same time that was not good for us . ”
That sentiment threatens to persist despite the White House ’s announcing on Thursday that Obama plans to spend a weekend family vacation on Florida ’s Gulf Coast in mid-August .
Panama City Mayor Scott Clemons welcomed the news , however .
“ I think that ’s quite a statement that they ’re willing to bring their family here , ” he said .
The administration ’s Florida team already appears to be having an impact .
In Apalachicola , a coastal community 160 miles from Pensacola Beach that produces 90 percent of Florida ’s oysters , Mayor Van Johnson Sr. said his letters to the White House went unanswered for a month until he received a call last week .
An administration official also recently attended a town hall in Apalachicola , where some 100 residents vented their frustrations .
“ It was heated , ” said Johnson , whose office is steps from a BP Community Outreach Center .
“ You have to realize , though , we ’re not just whistling Dixie — we ’re talking about survival . ”
Certainly not everyone along the Gulf Coast takes issue with the administration .
Officials in panhandle cities like Pensacola and Panama City had positive things to say about the current state of the response .
Pensacola Mayor Mike Wiggins praised Biden ’s stop in his city as “ terrific . ”
Others across the coast almost unanimously said the response has gotten better , including Sink , who specifically said she believes the administration aides in Tallahassee will be “ very , very helpful . ”
“ I ’ve been hearing a lot of frustration with BP , not so much with the administration , ” said Rep. Kathy Castor ( D - Fla. ) , an Obama supporter who represents the Tampa area .
But the economic strife that the oil spill has reintroduced into the region has raised new ire .
Property values are declining .
Real estate is not moving .
Hotel reservations are being canceled .
Customers walk into restaurants , if they enter at all , and ask if the fish is safe .
With the oil well essentially capped and the Florida economy under siege , state officials are asking for more funds for a tourism campaign and pushing for claims to be quickly paid to small businesses .
Ken Feinberg , the administrator of the $ 20 billion BP claims fund , has been meeting with officials in the state , but Sen. Bill Nelson ( D - Fla . ) criticized the White House for not including state and local government claims under Feinberg ’s jurisdiction , forcing claimants to deal directly with BP .
“ That needs to be done by Feinberg as well so they get BP out of having to haggle with our local governments , ” Nelson said .
Indeed , Florida ’s attorney general , Bill McCollum , a Republican gubernatorial candidate , said the state will soon file a “ very sizable ” claim with BP .
Dan Gelber , a state senator from Miami and Democratic candidate for attorney general , described the oil spill as a “ cancer ” that will linger into 2012 .
“ The impact of this is not going away , ” he said .
For Obama that potentially means trouble , particularly on the coast around Tampa Bay .
He picked up far more votes in this region than Sen. John Kerry ( D - Mass . ) did in 2004 , said Daniel Smith , a political science professor at the University of Florida , yet he performed worse in smaller counties where Democrats usually do well .
“ He needs to keep the margins that he had in the I - 4 corridor and keep the turnout high in southeast Florida , where he had very strong support , if he wants to keep Florida , ” said Smith .
“ That ’s a steep hill to climb between now and 2012 . ”
Let 's not kid ourselves : there 's nothing funner than dressing up like army men and running around in the woods behind your parent 's house .
But what do you do when you grow up ?
You cosplay .
It 's the ( marginally ) socially acceptable way to rekindle the joy of youth .
Alternatively : SLUMBER PARTY !
Anyway , this is Greg Peltz and Ryan Rasmussen dressed up as the soldier and medic ( respectively ) from Team Fortress 2 .
Its not a original idea , no , but we both wanted to do it right .
Put in the right key words and you can find mountains of attempts at the costume , but most ... come up short .
We wanted to get the costumes as close as physically possible to the actual designs .
Most of the costume elements were made from scratch , we paid particular attention to the weapons and gear since we wanted them to be really accurate .
Good lookin ' , guys .
I 'd run around in the woods yelling PEW PEW PEW with you two any day .
And I mean that as homoerotically as you want me to .
You ever seen a man do anything so sensual with a bunch of leaves before ?
Poison what ?
MEDIC !
Hit the jump for a whole bunch more as well as links to Greg and Ryan 's blogs with higher - res versions .
Ryan's Blog
and
Greg 's Blog
Thanks to Lindsey , who once found a grenade in the woods and poked it with a stick .
Turned out to be a turtle .
A councillor has been found guilty of racial harassment after she called a political opponent a " coconut " .
Liberal Democrat Shirley Brown called Asian Conservative Jay Jethwa a " coconut " during a debate at Bristol City Council in February 2009 .
District Judge Simon Cooper , sitting at Bristol Magistrates ' Court , told Brown : " You made a mistake this time .
You have to accept responsibility . "
He gave Brown a 12 - month conditional discharge .
She was also ordered to pay £ 620 costs , following the trial on Monday .
The term coconut has been used to accuse someone of betraying their race or culture by implying that , like a coconut , they are brown on the outside but white on the inside .
Brown , who is black , had pleaded not guilty to the charge .
The councillor , who represents the Ashley ward of the city , has faced calls to step down from the council .
Google has released a beta version of its Chrome Frame plugin for Internet Explorer .
The new beta includes an updated version of the rendering engine and brings a number of significant improvements to browser integration .
The project has moved out of the proof - of - concept stage and is maturing into a useful tool .
Chrome Frame makes it possible for Internet Explorer to display content using Chrome 's WebKit - based HTML rendering engine .
When it is installed , it will be used instead of Internet Explorer 's own Trident engine when the browser attempts to load a page that has a special meta tag .
The eventual target audience will consist of users who want to access next - generation Web applications , but still rely on Internet Explorer for rendering legacy IE - specific content .
There are a lot of IE6 users at large companies , for example , that do n't have the IT resources to rebuild their intranet software or roll out modern browsers .
Chrome Frame could be a useful transitional mechanism for organizations that have a large installed base of old IE versions .
When the plugin was released last year , it was made available as a developer preview so that Google could collect feedback from the Web development community .
It is now in beta , which signifies a higher level of robustness , but Google is still not yet actively encouraging its adoption in production environments .
The software still requires more refinement before it will be ready for widespread use .
Google has made a lot of progress on the project and has addressed many of the plugin 's limitations and security weaknesses .
One major improvement is support for private browsing .
When the user enables Internet Explorer 's InPrivate mode , the Chrome Frame plugin will use Chrome 's Incognito feature so that the user 's browsing remains private .
The plugin is also designed to better respect the user 's IE settings .
" Since our initial launch , we 've been listening to developers : instead of adding new bells and whistles , we 've fixed more than 200 bugs to make integration with Internet Explorer seamless while improving security , stability , and performance , " wrote Google engineers Amit Joshi and Alex Russel in a blog entry about the new beta .
" For example , we 've improved our handling of Internet Explorer 's InPrivate browsing , cache clearing , and cookie blocking .
All of the enhancements and features of Google Chrome 5.0 are available in Google Chrome Frame too , including HTML5 audio and video , canvas , geolocation , workers , and databases . "
We tested the new beta version of Chrome Frame in Internet Explorer 8 on Windows 7 in order to evaluate the seamlessness of the plugin .
It 's very good , but there are still some weaknesses that have not yet been addressed .
For example , the zoom - level slider and many context menu items are not accessible on pages that are rendered with the plugin .
It also fails to correctly show thumbnail previews in the browser 's Quick Tabs view .
But the lack of support for these IE8 features is obviously not problematic when the plugin is used in older versions of the browser , which is likely the target use case anyway .
The plugin made it possible for us to run Google Wave in Internet Explorer .
Wave does n't run natively in regular IE due to the poor performance of the browser 's JavaScript engine and lack of support for modern standards .
It works well when it is viewed in Chrome Frame , thanks to WebKit .
Google says that several major websites , including WordPress and Meebo , have already adopted the technology and use the markup that enables Chrome Frame .
This allows them to provide a better experience for users who have the plugin installed .
Controversy
Although the plugin is useful as a tool for bringing much - needed standards - compliance to older versions of Internet Explorer , the manner in which it displaces the entire IE renderer on pages where it is enabled has generated some controversy .
Mozilla , for example , fears that it could eventually be used by Google as a vehicle for promoting Google 's own nonstandard Web technologies in addition to emerging standards .
The friction caused by this issue recently was highlighted by the recent launch of Apple 's HTML5 showcase , a site that critics have accused of intellectual dishonesty because it attempts to blur the boundaries between broadly accepted standards and Apple 's own experimental browser - specific technologies .
There is some concern that major companies are trying to distort the HTML5 label in order to increase their own control over the standard for competitive purposes .
We asked Google engineer Alex Russel for his perspective on this matter .
Although he acknowledges that Google has an interest in supporting its own nonstandard technologies such as the Native Client framework , he says that Google 's agenda with Chrome Frame is to accelerate adoption of HTML5 , which will help move the Web forward in an open and participatory way .
Google remains hopeful that future versions of Internet Explorer will be able to natively access Wave and support other modern Web features .
Despite the concerns of Mozilla and other critics , the plugin offers tangible value to the Web development community .
It provides a means of supporting legacy versions of Internet Explorer and their users , who might otherwise be left out in the cold as the Web moves forward .
Microsoft appears to be making impressive progress in both performance and standards - compliance with Internet Explorer 9 , but Chrome Frame will still be a useful tool because older versions of the browser will still be in active use for years .
IE6 , for example , is n't scheduled for retirement until 2014 .
Chrome Frame could be a useful stop - gap measure until then .
A look at a full day of G20 protests across the city through the lenses of five staff photographers .
RICHARD LAUTENS - Protesters have a bit of a love - in following the initial march .
Tens of thousands came out to protest the G20 meetings this afternoon .
They marshalled at Queen 's Park and marched through the streets .
Originally very peacefull , the protest turned ugly with smashed windows and the police public order unit finally coming in to quell the crowd at the intersection of College and University .
STEVE RUSSELL - Falun Gong and Falun Dafa practioners protest peacefully in the rain as a variety of protests directed at the G20 Summit are held at Queen 's Park in Toronto .
STEVE RUSSELL - A Uygur protests against China at Queen 's Park get ready to march during a protest of G20 Summit .
BERNARD WEIL - Flowers were thrown at the riot police on Spadina Avenue .
CARLOS OSORIO - Riot Police , some with flowers , stand their ground on Queen Street during the G20 protests .
STEVE RUSSELL - Police in soft hats watch protesters walk by on Queen Street West .
The police are backed up by officers in riot gear .
STEVE RUSSELL - Police in riot gear watch over protesters of the G20 Summit in Toronto .
CARLOS OSORIO - A protester weeps infront of a line of riot police , she said that she just wishes to be let through and have her right to protest in peace in Toronto 's downtown core .
BERNARD WEIL - Police guard Queen and John Streets .
BERNARD WEIL - Protestors block police that surrounded their police car on Queen Street west .
LUCAS OLENIUK - An anarchist attacks the media on Queen Street West .
LUCAS OLENIUK -
An anarchist group broke away from the main protest at Queen and Spadina and began to vandalize police cars , media trucks and storefronts throughout the city .
LUCAS OLENIUK - Anarchists vandalize a police cruiser on Bay Street before setting it on fire .
LUCAS OLENIUK - Protesters attack a police car at Bay and King during the G20 in downtown Toronto .
LUCAS OLENIUK - Police regroup as Anarchist protesters wreak havoc in Toronto 's downtown core during the G20 protests .
LUCAS OLENIUK - Anarchists terrorized Yonge Street Saturday smashing windows and vandalizing anything that came into their path .
CARLOS OSORIO - A man finds a spot to rest after Anarchist protesters wreaked havoc in Toronto 's downtown core during the G20 protests .
STEVE RUSSELL - A security Guard rescues a customer from the ATM area of the TD back at Queen and Bay after Anarchists broke the window .
LUCAS OLENIUK - An anarchist group travelling north on Yonge Street smashed windows .
RICHARD LAUTENS - A window of Winners on College street gets smashed by a woman .
Tens of thousands came out to protest the G20 meetings this afternoon .
They marshalled at Queen 's Park and marched through the streets .
Originally very peacefull , the protest turned ugly with smashed windows and the police public order unit finally coming in to quell the crowd at the intersection of College and University .
RICAHRD LAUTENS - A chair get thrown through the window of Tim Hortons near the corner of Yonge and College .
RICHARD LAUTENS - Police fire into the crowd on University at College .
LUCAS OLENIUK -
The riot ended at Queens Park but there were little outbreaks across the downtown .
RICHARD LAUTENS -
A man tries to talk to one of the officers in the line at college and University .
CARLOS OSORIO - Protesters clash with police at Queen 's Park during the G20 protests .
STEVE RUSSELL - A woman is overcome by emotion on Yonge Street after violence broke out in protests for G20 Summit .
STEVE RUSSELL - Police arrest a pair of protesters on College Street near Queen 's Park .
STEVE RUSSELL - A protester breaks up a police car at Queen Street West near Spadina , two damaged police cars were left on the street during a protest of G20 Summit .
STEVE RUSSELL - A protester is overcome by smoke after attempting to put out a fire in a police car at Queen Street West near Spadina .
STEVE RUSSELL -
The first of two cruisers burns on Queen Street West near Spadina , two damaged police cars were left on the street .
CARLOS OSORIO - Demonstrators clash with police at College and University as the sun sets .
RICHARD LAUTENS -
The police finally move in on protesters who refused to move , kicking some to get up just south of the Legislature .
STEVE RUSSELL -
The window at the Starbucks at Queen and John is broken during a protest of G20 Summit .
For those who do not have Photoshop , GIMP is an excellent ( and free ) alternative .
While there are not as many online resources and tutorials as there are for Photoshop users , GIMP users do have a number of quality tutorials to help in their own learning .
In this post we ’ll showcase 35 of the best tutorials for GIMP .
Some of them are adaptations of popular Photoshop tutorials that show how to replicate the process in GIMP .
Splattered Vector in GIMP
Creating a Dark Surreal Image
Design an Apple iPhone Advertisement in GIMP
Designing iPod Touch in GIMP
Fake Tilt Shift
Add HDR - Like Effect to a Normal Portrait Picture
GIMP Galaxy
Colorful Light Effect in GIMP
The Ultimate GIMP Planet Tutorial
GIMP Cool Shapes Effect Tutorial
Awesome Bokeh Effect in GIMP
Brains Icon
Glossy Bolt Tutorial in GIMP
Graffiti Tutorial
Split - Toning in GIMP
Mac Style Wallpaper
Digital Blending – Dynamic Range – GIMP
Gold Text Effect
How to Create Lightsaber Effects
Super Glowy Rainbow Text Effect ( video )
Enhance Colors Using HSV Components
Easy Way to Create Light Effects in GIMP
Masking Hair with Fine Strands
GIMP Sin City Tutorial
Fun with Light
Slow Shutter Effect
Portrait Touchup with GIMP
Perfect Masking Using a Highpass
Colorful Glowing Text Effect
How to Create and Use a Layer Mask
Leopard ’s Aurora Borealis Wallpaper in GIMP
Steampunk Tutorial
Creating a Vista - Like Wallpaper
Splash Screen : Create a Colorful Stream of Light with Particles
Fake HDR Look in GIMP
RDS.ca
L'attaquant Alex Tanguay a décidé de retourner avec les Flames de Calgary ayant accepté un contrat d'une saison d'une valeur de 1,7 million .
Olli Jokinen l'a imité également en mettant le cap sur l'Alberta .
Tanguay est de retour dans cette organisation après des séjours d'une saison à Montréal et à Tampa Bay .
« Je voulais vraiment trouver une équipe qui me conviendrait bien .
C'est difficile de produire quand tu n'as pas vraiment la chance .
Je voulais obtenir cette occasion contrairement à la saison dernière » , a expliqué Tanguay à RDS.
Le Québécois est heureux de retourner dans cette organisation qui le désirait .
«Ils avaient eu de l'intérêt pour moi l'an passé .
Ils trouvent qu'ils ont plusieurs joueurs pour marquer et je suis plutôt un passeur donc ils veulent surtout m'avoir pour ce rôle » , raconte - t - il .
Chose certaine , Tanguay ne s'attendait pas vraiment à signer une nouvelle entente avec le Lightning malgré les changements au niveau de la direction .
« On avait parlé à Steve Yzerman à quelques occasions et il voulait attendre .
Le Lightning a une attaque assez bien nantie et je ne voulais pas demeurer dans le même rôle que l'an dernier » , a déclaré Tanguay .
« J'ai connu une saison assez difficile l'an passé pour plusieurs raisons et on dirait que j'ai été un peu oublié .
Si je n'avais pas été blessé avec le Canadien , j'aurais passé près d'obtenir un point par match » , souligne - t - il avec justesse .
L'an dernier , Tanguay a récolté 10 buts et 27 aides en 80 parties avec le Lightning .
Le centre Olli Jokinen retourne avec les Flames puisqu'il a accepté un contrat de deux ans d'une valeur de six millions .
Jokinen a porté les couleurs des Flames l'an dernier avant de terminer la saison avec les Rangers de New York .
Il a marqué 15 buts et obtenu 35 passes en 82 parties l'an passé .
En carrière , il totalise 252 buts et 316 passes en 881 rencontres .
Les Flames ont aussi mis sous contrat l'homme fort Raitis Ivanans , qui s'alignait avec les Kings de Los Angeles l'an passé .
Il s'agit d'un pacte de deux ans d'une valeur de 1,2 million .
De son côté , Tim Jackman a mis sa griffe au bas d'un contrat de deux ans qui lui rapportera au total 1,1 million .
FFmpeg 0.6 released
[ Development ] Posted Jun 16 , 2010 13:52 UTC ( Wed ) by corbet
The FFmpeg 0.6 release is out .
" It is codenamed ' Works with HTML5 ' as the special focus on this release were a lot of improvements that are relevant for HTML5 video .
The H.264 and Theora decoders are now significantly faster and the Vorbis decoder has seen important updates .
This release supports Google 's newly released libvpx library for the VP8 codec and the Matroska demuxer was extended to support to WebM container . "
( Thanks to Martin Jeppesen ) .
Comments ( none posted )
Team RadioShack manager Johan Bruyneel announced the squad ’s nine - man line - up for the 2010 Tour de France via a web video boradcast on Tuesday afternoon .
Lance Armstrong will lead a strong team consisting of Andreas Kloden ( Ger ) , Levi Leipheimer ( USA ) , Chris Horner ( USA ) , Janez Brajkovic ( Slo ) , Sergio Paulinho ( Por ) , Yaroslav Popovych ( Ukr ) , Gregory Rast ( Swi ) and Dmitriy Muravyev ( Kaz ) .
>>
Save up to 31 % with a magazine subscription .
Enjoy the luxury of home delivery and never miss an issue <<
Armstrong will be bidding to win his eighth Tour de France , having won the race between 1999 and 2005 .
The Texan already holds the record for the most tour wins by one rider – seven .
Armstrong finished the 2009 Tour in third place overall behind winner Alberto Contador ( Astana ) and second - placed Andy Schleck ( Saxo Bank ) .
Britain ’s Bradley Wiggins was fourth .
In addition to Armstrong , Kloden and Leipheimer have also appeared on the Tour podium .
Kloden was runner - up in 2004 and 2006 ( after Floyd Landis ’s result was annulled ) .
Leipheimer was third overall in 2007 .
Brajkovic won the 2010 Criterium du Dauphine , giving the US - based squad its biggest win to date .
RadioShack ’s will be one of the most cosmopolitan squads in the Tour , with seven nations represented by the nine riders .
The 2010 Tour de France starts in Rotterdam on Saturday , July 3 , and finishes in Paris on Sunday , July 25 .
Related links
Tour de France 2010 : Cycling Weekly ’s coverage index
Lance Armstrong : Rider Profile
In the past four years , more than 20 women in Alabama have been prosecuted for no other reason than that they tried to continue their pregnancies while struggling with addiction .
Today , the ACLU and the ACLU of Alabama submitted a friend - of - the - court brief to the Alabama Criminal Court of Appeals , urging that court to reverse the conviction of one of these women , Amanda Kimbrough .
Ms. Kimbrough was convicted under a law that was passed by the Alabama legislature that makes it a crime to allow children into houses where meth labsare operated .
However , Ms. Kimbrough was not charged with manufacturing meth — or any other drug ; and she was not arrested in a meth lab , but after her extremely premature son was born , and subsequently died , at the hospital .
Confused ?
You should be .
Like so many other women in Alabama who were charged under this statute , Ms. Kimbrough was prosecuted not because she brought a child into a meth lab , but because she tried to continue her pregnancy and give birth to her son , even though she was suffering from a drug dependency .
No one is suggesting that drugs are good for embryos or fetuses .
For that matter , neither is smoking ( or even just living with a smoker ) , drinking or eating unpasteurized milk products , or failing to get regular prenatal care .
But do we really want to make a pregnant woman ’s behavior and choices , any health condition she suffers , or even that she lacks health insurance , a crime because it could hurt the fetus ?
If we do , then virtually everything a pregnant woman does or does not do could land her in jail , because virtually everything a pregnant woman does or does not do — from what she eats , where she works , and what condition her health was in before she became pregnant — is going to have an affect on her fetus .
Allowing the government to exercise such unlimited control over women 's bodies , and every aspect of their lives , would essentially reduce pregnant women to second - class citizens , denying them the basic constitutional rights enjoyed by the rest of us .
Moreover , from a public health perspective , these prosecutions are simply counterproductive .
You ’ve heard us say this before : Respected medical organizations , such as the American Medical Association and the American Academy of Pediatrics , have long opposed these sorts of prosecutions because they only undermine the health of moms and babies .
If , as a society , we are truly interested in supporting healthy moms and babies , we would not be undermining basic constitutional principles in order to throw the pregnant women and mothers who need health care most into jail .
Our efforts should be focused on ensuring that pregnant women get the treatment and support they need .
Hopefully , the Alabama Court of Criminal Appeals — as well as prosecutors across that state and the entire country — will finally agree .
( Cross-posted to RH Reality Check and Feministing . )
There will be buzzing overhead for Torontonians and Muskoka residents on Thursday and Friday as NORAD conducts flight exercises in preparation of the upcoming G8 and G20 summits .
Fighter jets and helicopters will be flying at low altitudes over Toronto and Huntsville as the North American Aerospace Defense Command trains for the upcoming summits .
NORAD is n’t releasing details of the flight exercises — such as flight times , routes or affected neighbourhoods — but residents are warned that if they live in the exercise areas , they may “ hear aircraft noise and perhaps see aircraft flying at various times throughout the day . ”
“ Our role , specifically for the air force , is to maintain airspace security , ” said Capt .
Holly Brown , public affairs officer with 1 Canadian Air Division .
“ During the summit , that ’s what we ’ll be doing and that ’s what we ’re doing ( over the next two days ) in preparation . ”
“ This is n’t your typical training activity because the focus is on security , ” she added .
“ Given the nature of this operation , we just ca n’t divulge tactical details . ”
The exercises will involve Canadian Forces CF - 18 Hornet fighter jets , CH - 124 Sea Kings and CH - 146 Griffon helicopters .
According to the Canadian Forces website , the CF - 18s are world - class fighter jets that can “ engage both ground and aerial targets , ” with twin engines that can lift 24 - full - sized pick - up trucks off the ground .
They were used during the Gulf War ’s Desert Shield and Desert Storm campaigns , as well as during the recent Vancouver Olympics .
Sea Kings are maritime helicopters with the ability to land on water .
Griffons are tactical helicopters that can travel up to 260 kilometres per hour .
Brown said the flight tests will occur throughout the day but should be over by the time the work day ends .
“ This wo n’t affect anyone overnight , ” she said .
“ No one ’s going to lose sleep overnight . ”
Porter Airlines also says the NORAD exercises will not interfere with its regular flights from Toronto ’s Island airport over the next two days .
There may be more NORAD flight exercises in the upcoming weeks but Brown said the public will be notified in advance .
The G8 summit is taking place June 25 - 26 in Huntsville , and the G20 will be held June 26 - 27 at Toronto ’s Metro Convention Centre .
Claim : The ACLU sought to have a cross removed from the Mojave National Preserve in California .
TRUE
Example : [ Collected via e-mail , July 2009 ]
Is it true that the court is california is going to tear down a cross that is a memorial for our fallen soldiers ?
Is it true that the court is california is going to tear down a cross that is a memorial for our fallen soldiers ?
EVERY AMERICAN SHOULD SEE THIS VIDEO
Then sign the petition : www.donttearmedown.com
Origins :
The decade - long legal battle over the Mojave Desert Cross exemplified , perhaps better than any other case , that U.S. courts have yet to work out a clear rule of law governing religious displays on public land .
At stake in the case was whether an
8 - foot - tall cross would be allowed to remain on land within the Mojave National Preserve in Southern California .
The first Mojave cross was a wooden one erected in 1934 , but Sunrise Rock , the site on which the current version of the Mojave cross ( fashioned out of white - painted metal pipe ) now stands , became federal land in 1994 as a part of the Mojave Land Preserve , which encompasses 1.6 million acres of the Mojave Desert in southeastern California and is administered by the National Park Service ( NPS ) .
Back in 1999 , Frank Buono brought the Mojave cross to the attention of the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) .
The ACLU then contacted the NPS and requested the cross ’s removal on the grounds that its display on federal land violated the Constitution ’s establishment clause ( because although the cross was maintained as a war memorial , its specifically Christian symbolism did not apply to all those whom it ostensibly represented , as not all veterans were Christians ) :
Memorials should be erected in honor of all veterans who served their country , not only for some veterans .
Obtrusive , permanent religious displays on government property focusing on the Latin cross , for example , ignore the diversity of religion and the wide array of religious beliefs held by veterans and service members .
Even within the Christian faith , many sects do not recognize the Latin cross as their preferred religious symbol .
The ACLU maintains that such religious memorials constitute excessive government entanglement with religion in violation of the Establishment Clause .
After an exchange of letters and phone calls between the ACLU and the NPS across several months , the matter was seemingly closed when the NPS sent the ACLU a letter in October 2000 announcing its decision to remove the cross within the next few months .
However , in December 2000 Rep. Jerry Lewis of California added a rider to a House appropriations bill specifying that federal funds could not “ be used by the Secretary of the Interior to remove the white cross located within the boundary of the Mojave National Preserve in southern California , ” so the cross remained in place .
In March 2001 , the ACLU filed a lawsuit in federal court on behalf of Buono , seeking to compel the removal of the Mojave cross .
In July 2002 , a U.S. District Court Judge ruled in the ACLU ’s favor , stating that the
“ presence of the cross on federal land conveys a message of endorsement of religion . ”
However , removal of the cross was again circumvented when Rep.
Lewis inserted language into a 2002 defense appropriations bill declaring the Mojave Cross site to be a national memorial and arranged a deal to transfer an acre of land surrounding the cross to the Barstow Veterans of Foreign Wars ( thus
technically removing the cross from federal land ) in exchange for five acres of land donated by a private landowner who owned property within the preserve .
The ACLU argued that the land transfer was unconstitutional , and in June 2004 the Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals again ruled in the ACLU ’s favor , rejecting the land transfer proposal as an act that “ would leave a little donut hole of land with a cross in the midst of a vast federal preserve ” and upholding the July 2002 decision that the “ primary effect of the presence of the cross ” was to “ advance religion ” and therefore violated the establishment clause of the First Amendment .
The Bush administration appealed that decision , contending ( among other points ) that Frank Buono was an Oregon resident and therefore lacked legal standing to sue over a cross situated in California , and that the land transfer was “ an eminently sensible and constitutionally permissible way of resolving any establishment clause problem . ”
In February 2009 the Supreme Court agreed to hear the Mojave Memorial Cross case ( Salazar vs. Buono ) , while the cross itself remained covered by a large plywood box as both sides prepared their cases for arguments .
In April 2010 , the U.S. Supreme Court voted 5 - 4 to reverse the judgment of the Court of Appeals but remanded the case to a lower court for further proceedings .
In April 2012 , a settlement was finally reached to allow the return of the cross to the Mojave Land Preserve :
Under the settlement struck between the Justice Department and the American Civil Liberties Union , [ Henry and Wanda ] Sandoz will give 5 acres of land they own within the preserve to the federal government .
In return , the National Park Service will relinquish 1 acre encompassing Sunrise Rock .
That acre will be transferred into the ownership of the local Veterans of Foreign Wars post .
The deal will allow the cross to be restored to its traditional location , only this time on private land .
Under the settlement struck between the Justice Department and the American Civil Liberties Union , [ Henry and Wanda ] Sandoz will give 5 acres of land they own within the preserve to the federal government .
In return , the National Park Service will relinquish 1 acre encompassing Sunrise Rock .
That acre will be transferred into the ownership of the local Veterans of Foreign Wars post .
The deal will allow the cross to be restored to its traditional location , only this time on private land .
The site will be fenced , with entrances for visitors .
A memorial will be erected explaining that the cross is on private land and noting it is a memorial for war veterans , according to the National Park Service , which manages the preserve .
Last updated : 2 May 2012
Sources :
Below are the most recent figures on the Gulf of Mexico oil clean - up , provided by the US Joint Information Center and BP as they address the worst environmental disaster in US history .
COASTLINE POLLUTED :
Some 553 miles of Gulf shoreline has been contaminated by oil : 313 miles in Louisiana , 99 miles in Mississippi , 66 miles in Alabama , and 75 miles in Florida .
WATERS RESTRICTED :
Some 81,181 square miles of Gulf of Mexico federal waters - about one - third of the total - have been closed to fishing .
COSTS :
BP said it has so far spent some 3.5 billion dollars ( 2.78 billion euros ) on the spill response , including containment , relief well drilling , grants to Gulf states , Gulf clean - up and compensation claim payouts .
BOATS / SHIPS :
More than 6,850 vessels are on site , including skimmers , tugs , barges , and recovery vessels to assist in containment and cleanup efforts .
Currently 46 oil skimmers are operating in the vicinity of the well , in addition to more than 580 skimmers deployed to protect Gulf coastline .
AIRCRAFT :
117 aircraft are in use , helping to track moving oil and assist ships below .
CONTROLLED BURNS :
More than 330 controlled burns have been carried out to remove oil from the ocean surface .
NATIONAL GUARD TROOPS :
The US administration has authorized the deployment of 17,500 National Guard troops from Gulf Coast states to respond to this crisis , 1,525 of whom are active .
WORKERS :
More than 46,000 personnel are currently responding to protect and clean up the Gulf shoreline and wildlife .
BOOM :
More than 3.12 million feet of containment boom and 6.16 million feet of sorbent boom have been deployed to contain the spill .
Some 816,000 feet of containment boom and 2.32 million feet of sorbent boom remain ready for use .
OIL RECOVERED :
More than 31 million gallons of oil - water mix have been recovered .
OIL BURNED :
Nearly 10.34 million gallons have been burned off .
DISPERSANT :
Some 1.79 million gallons of dispersant have been applied in Gulf , both on the surface and underwater , with another 454,000 gallons ready for use .
STAGING AREAS :
Officials are conducting clean - up operations from 17 separate staging areas .
FOREIGN AID :
Iranian aid ships are due to set sail to Gaza by the end of the week , according to a report in the Sunday Times .
The Iranian Red Crescent decided to send the vessels , which will carry food , medications , and medical equipment , following a meeting with the foreign ministry ,
One ship will carry donations made by the people and the other will carry relief workers .
The ships will be sent to Gaza by end of this week , Iranian Red Crescent director Abdolrauf Adibzadeh told the IRNA news agency .
Open gallery view Members of Iran 's Revolutionary Guard Credit : AP
On Sunday , a representative of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said that Iran 's elite Revolutionary Guards are ready to provide a military escort to cargo ships trying to break Israel 's blockade of the Gaza Strip .
" Iran 's Revolutionary Guards naval forces are fully prepared to escort the peace and freedom convoys to Gaza with all their powers and capabilities , " Ali Shirazi , Khamenei 's representative inside the Revolutionary Guards , was quoted as saying by the semi-official Mehr news agency .
Israel Navy commandos last Monday killed nine activists in clashes on board the Turkish - flagged Mavi Marmara in a convoy trying to deliver aid to Gaza .
The incident sparked international outrage , especially in Muslim countries and in Turkey , which threatened to cut its long - standing ties with Israel .
Israeli troops boarded another ship on Saturday and pro-Palestinian activists have promised more as they challenge the blockade imposed four years ago with the stated aim of stopping arms getting to Hamas .
Every Fourth of July , Americans gather to celebrate the country ’s declaration of independence from … um , what country was that again ?
If you answered the above question with the word “ England ” or “ Britain , ” you would be obviously correct .
But a new Marist poll finds that more than a quarter — 26 percent — of Americans polled could n’t bring to mind the name of the country from whom the original 13 colonies gained independence .
ADVERTISEMENT
Results were especially poor among the young :
Of respondents aged 18 to 29 , only 60 percent correctly identified Great Britain .
A full one - third were unsure .
Maybe history class was too long ago .
Or maybe , as the New York Daily News would have it , Americans are “ pretty dumb . ”
Overall , 20 percent of the population answered “ not sure ” to the question , while six percent declared it to be a country other than Great Britain .
“ Among the countries mentioned are France , China , Japan , Mexico , and Spain , ” Marist reports .
China ?
Maybe all this poll tells us is that six percent of people who answer surveys like to screw around with them .
That ’s a possibility that Jack Stuef at the Wonkette blog is ready to consider .
ADVERTISEMENT
Consider that a good 10 % of Americans probably have AlzheimerÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s .
Then another 5 % are just regular crazy people .
And probably 11 % of Americans got offended that some annoying academic called them up during dinner to ask them this single , inane question and answered Ã¢â‚ ¬ Å “ the United States won its independence from the country of My Ass.
Ã¢â‚¬Â 
Let ’s hope Stuef is right .
Or this country is in big trouble .
( Health.com ) -- Pregnant women could -- and probably should -- consume 10 times more vitamin D than experts currently recommend , according to a new study .
Current guidelines for daily vitamin D intake during pregnancy range from 200 international units ( IU ) per day to 400 IU , the amount found in most prenatal vitamins .
For decades , doctors have worried that too much vitamin D during pregnancy could cause birth defects , and under current guidelines anything over 2,000 IU per day is still considered potentially unsafe for anyone , not just pregnant women .
That much vitamin D is not only safe during pregnancy , the researchers say , but doubling it may actually reduce the risk of complications .
Pregnant women should not change their vitamin D intake without consulting their physicians , however .
The study looked only at women in their second trimester and beyond , and it's not yet clear whether high doses of vitamin D are safe earlier in pregnancy , when organs are formed and the fetus is especially vulnerable to birth defects .
In the study , 500 women who were at least 12 weeks pregnant took either 400 , 2,000 , or 4,000 IU of vitamin D per day .
The women who took 4,000 IU were least likely to go into labor early , give birth prematurely , or develop infections .
Health.com : Vitamin D -- why you need this vitamin now
" Pregnant women need to take 4,000 IU of vitamin D a day , " says Bruce Hollis , Ph.D. , the director of pediatric nutritional sciences at the Medical University of South Carolina , in Charleston , and one of the authors of the study .
" We did n't see a single adverse effect .
It was absolutely safe , and we saw a lot of improved outcomes .
The risk of preterm labor was vastly decreased and so was the risk of other complications of pregnancy . "
Hollis and his colleagues presented their research today at the annual meeting of the Pediatric Academic Societies in Vancouver , B.C .
Taking supplements is the only practical way to consume that much vitamin D. " You can't drink that much milk , " Hollis says .
" You take prenatal vitamins for other things , but the amount [ of vitamin D ] in a prenatal vitamin is useless . "
Health.com : America 's healthiest super foods for women
The findings are a sign that current vitamin D guidelines are far too low , says Elisa Ross , M.D. , a staff physician at the Cleveland Clinic Institute of Women 's Health , in Ohio .
" In the olden days , we thought vitamin D could be associated with certain birth defects and may cause more calcium to build up in the women 's blood .
If this study is confirmed -- which I am hoping it will be -- it will increase the amount of vitamin D we recommend 10 - fold . "
Rasa Kazlauskaite , M.D. , an endocrinologist at Rush University Medical Center , in Chicago , Illinois , cautions that more research is needed before firm recommendations can be made .
" This study answers the question , ' Is vitamin D safe and beneficial for the average pregnant women ? ' but how it affects individual pregnant women needs to be answered , " she says .
For instance , Kazlauskaite says , vitamin D intake during pregnancy should perhaps be pegged to a woman 's blood levels of vitamin D. The American Academy of Pediatrics , which recommends that pregnant women take a prenatal vitamin containing at least 400 IU of the vitamin , also recommends that obstetricians measure the vitamin D in pregnant women 's blood to ensure that the fetus is receiving enough to develop properly .
Health.com :
The most important nutrient you 're not getting
Despite the medical community 's long - standing fears , few women in the study were concerned about vitamin D-- related birth defects , according to Hollis .
" We got more resistance from physicians than from patients , " he says .
" One doctor wrote to the National Institutes of Health and said , ' Do n't let this study go forward .
You are going to injure fetuses . ' "
( The National Institutes of Health funded the research . )
" There are no risks , " Hollis adds .
The conventional wisdom about the dangers of too much vitamin D was " manufactured and based on flawed data , " he says .
" There was never any real harm , just misconceptions . "
Known as the " sunshine vitamin " because the body produces it when exposed to sunlight , vitamin D has been the focus of intensive research in recent years .
Studies in adults have linked vitamin D deficiency to a laundry list of serious health problems , including heart disease , certain cancers , osteoporosis , diabetes , Alzheimer 's disease , schizophrenia , and some autoimmune disorders .
Even though vitamin D is added to food products such as milk , a deficiency of the vitamin is widespread in adults , children , and infants .
A decrease in everyday sun exposure and the growing obesity epidemic are both likely to blame for this , according to Kazlauskaite .
" At least half of Americans are overweight or obese , and fat traps vitamin D , " she explains .
" As a result , we are more predisposed to vitamin D deficiency . "
Health.com : Foods to boost your mood
Michael F. Holick , M.D. , a professor of medicine , physiology , and biophysics at the Boston University School of Medicine , has maintained for years that getting too little vitamin D is worse than getting too much .
Although doctors have been taught that vitamin D is toxic in large amounts , he says , vitamin D intoxication is extremely rare and easy to treat .
The levels of vitamin D recommended in the new study are sensible , Holick says .
Previous research suggests that pregnant women who get too little vitamin D are more likely to develop life - threatening high blood pressure ( preeclampsia ) and are also more likely to require a Cesarean section , he says .
" Giving 4,000 IU a day to pregnant women not only does n't cause toxicity , but may improve birth outcomes , " Holick says .
" The risks of vitamin D during pregnancy are overblown and the benefits are understated . "
Prompted by the recent flood of research on vitamin D deficiency , the Institute of Medicine , an independent organization that advises the U.S. government on health matters , is now considering whether to raise its guidelines for vitamin D intake , including those for pregnant women ( 200 IU per day ) and the maximum safe daily dose ( 2,000 IU ) .
The new guidelines are expected to be announced this summer .
Hollis predicts that the institute will take a conservative approach .
But he hopes that at the very least , " the upper limit is raised from 2,000 IU to something much higher , so it is not an impediment to doing research . "
Copyright Health Magazine 2011
July 2 , 2010
Results of a population - based epidemiological study organized by Malak Hamdan and Chris Busby are published tomorrow in the International Journal of Environmental Studies and Public Health ( IJERPH ) based in Basle , Switzerland .
They show increases in cancer , leukemia and infant mortality and perturbations of the normal human population birth sex ratio significantly greater than those reported for the survivors of the A - Bombs at Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 1945 .
Results of a survey in Jan / Feb 2010 of 711 houses and more than 4000 individuals in Fallujah show that in the five years following the 2004 attacks by USA - led forces there has been a 4 - fold increase in all cancer .
Interestingly , the spectrum of cancer is similar to that in the Hiroshima survivors who were exposed to ionizing radiation from the bomb and uranium in the fallout .
By comparing the sample population rates to the cancer rates in Egypt and Jordan , researchers found there has been a 38 - fold increase in leukemia ( 20 cases ) almost a 10 - fold increase in female breast cancer ( 12 cases ) and significant increases in lymphoma and brain tumours in adults .
Based on 16 cases in the 5 - year period , the 12 - fold increases in childhood cancer in those aged 0 - 14 were particularly marked .
The cancer and leukemia increases were all in younger people than would normally be expected .
Infant mortality was found to be 80 per 1000 births which compares with a value of 19 in Egypt , 17 in Jordan and 9.7 in Kuwait .
An important result is that the sex - ratio , which in normal populations is always 1050 boys born per 1000 girls was seriously reduced in the group born immediately after 2005 , one year after the conflict : in this group the sex ratio was 860 .
Birth sex ratio is a well known indicator of genetic damage , the reduction in boy births being due to the fact that girls have a redundant X - chromosome and can therefore afford to lose one though genetic damage ; boys do not .
Sex ratio was similarly reduced in the Hiroshima survivors children .
" This is an extraordinary and alarming result " said Dr Busby , who is visiting Professor in the University of Ulster and Scientific Director of Green Audit , an independent environmental research organization .
He added : " To produce an effect like this , some very major mutagenic exposure must have occurred in 2004 when the attacks happened .
We need urgently to find out what the agent was .
Although many suspect Uranium , we cannot be certain without further research and independent analysis of samples from the area . "
Malak Hamdan , who organized the project said : " I am so glad that we have been able to obtain proper scientific confirmation of all the anecdotal evidence of cancer and congenital birth defects .
Maybe now the international community will wake up " .
Contact : Chris Busby ( France ) +44 7989 428833
Malak Hamdan ( London ) +44 7903 153163
Richard Bramhall : +44 1597 825771
Chris Busby , Malak Hamdan and Entesar Ariabi , Cancer , Infant Mortality and Birth Sex - Ratio in Fallujah , Iraq 2005 �2009 Int. J. Environ .
Res. Public Health 2010 , 7 , 1 - x ; doi:10.3390/ijerph707000x
MEXICO CITY — Brimming corn fields ready to harvest were ripped to shreds .
Water pipes supplying entire villages were shattered .
Key roads and bridges were shattered to pieces .
As the waters unleashed across northern Mexico by Hurricane Alex and Tropical Storm Bonnie finally receded this week , officials have begun to measure the scale of the damage .
The destruction , they concluded , would set the local economy back by years .
“ This has devastated the economy in one of the most important regions of Mexico , ” said Gov. Rodrigo Medina of Nuevo Leon state .
“ We cannot afford to leave this destroyed .
We have to start rebuilding now . ”
Juan Francisco Molinar , the federal transportation minister , said a calculation of the total damages would be released Tuesday .
Officials fear it could rival Mexico ’s 1985 earthquake as the most costly disaster in the nation ’s history .
When Hurricane Alex first hit the coast on June 30 as a category - 2 hurricane , the winds caused little problem .
But the storm unleashed torrential rain throughout the first half of July that was made worse by the arrival of Tropical Storm Bonnie .
News footage emerged of towns and cities under water and streets turned to rivers , sweeping away cars and trucks .
Mexican authorities said at least 15 people were killed in the flooding .
In Nuevo Leon ’s industrial hub of Monterrey , most of the city was submerged .
Hundreds of thousands were still left without water or electricity and key roads lay shattered days after the water subsided .
Gov. Medina on Friday asked the federal government for $ 1 billion to reconstruct Nuevo Leon , a key industrial state that borders Texas .
Across the neighboring states of Coahuila and Tamaulipas , dozens of roads were severed and villages cut off , paralyzing much of northeastern Mexico .
The devastation heaped problems on the U.S. - Mexico border ports , stopping thousands of trucks from reaching the crossing .
Cargo railroads connecting Mexico and the United States were also smashed to pieces .
Nuevo Laredo is normally the busiest port on the entire border with 8,000 trucks crossing its bridges daily .
But damage pushed traffic to a crawl .
“ A lot of merchandise , including fruit and vegetables , from both sides of the border , is being stuck in trucks and is going bad , ” said Ricardo Zaragoza , secretary of the Nuevo Laredo Association of Border Agents . ”
The economic effects also spread to the United States .
General Motors Company on Wednesday temporarily closed its Arlington , Texas assembly plant because the flood damage prevented parts from from being delivered .
Another General Motors plant as far as Flint , Mich. , and a Chrysler operation in Ohio were temporarily shuttered due to the same problem .
Down in Mexico City , market venders worried about the supply of fruit , vegetables and cereals from destruction of both crops and supply routes .
“ Prices on many key products have already gone up by about 10 percent .
And we are worried they will go up by more for the rest of the month .
The devastation comes as Mexico ’s economy in 2009 suffered its worst year since the Great Depression , contracting by 6.8 percent .
It had bounced back considerably in the first half of this year , but analysts now fear that recovery could be stalled .
Nuevo Leon state alone accounts for 8 percent of Mexico ’s total economy — even though it has only 4 percent of the population .
The governors of the three affected states — all members of the opposition Institutional Revolutionary Party — have demanded that the federal government tap into reserves to pay for the clean up operation .
The federal administration promised to pay but has not signaled yet how much relief funds it will give or where those funds will come from .
Mexico has a special budget for storm damage with the country particularly prone to Pacific and Atlantic hurricanes .
But exhausting that money completely could leave relief funds empty very early in the hurricane season , which stretches from June to December .
The damage from Alex and Bonnie may not even be over yet , with the Rio Grande having swelled to its highest level in decades , threatening further flooding .
Furthermore , experts at the National Hurricane Center in Miami have predicted some hectic weather in 2010 with 16 to 18 named storms , compared to 11 in an average year .
“ This year has the chance to be an extreme season , ” said Hurricane Forecaster Joe Bastardi .
Here is a theme we 've been discussing for a few years - when a homeowner is underwater , it is difficult to make a career move ...
From Rana Cash at the Atlanta Journal - Constitution : Real estate market stalls recruiting , promotions ( ht Ann )
When executive Wade Ledbetter leaped at the opportunity to move up in his company , the shackles of relocation snatched him back down to earth .
That fabulous promotion came with a price :
The $ 30,000 he ’d invested in home improvements , the 20 percent he ’d put down on his house and the extra payment every year for 7 1 / 2 years would be a wash , along with settling on a selling price well below what he ’d paid for the home and just about all its contents .
Add living away from his family in a one - bedroom apartment for eight months while his home languished on the market and his frustration accrued .
“ It was horrible , ” said Ledbetter , who relied in part on relocation assistance from his company .
“ It was constant , horrid stress .
There were a number of times I said to myself , ‘ What have I done ? ’ ”
Negative equity is impacting one of the historic strengths of the U.S. labor market - the ability of households to easily move from one region to another for a better employment opportunity .
The Iraqi Ministry of Electricity has issued an edict that " all trade union activities at the ministry and its departments and sites " and authorizes the police " to close all trade union offices and bases and to take control of unions ' assets properties and documents , furniture and computers . "
Police raided and shut down electricity unions across Iraq in mid-July , carrying out an order from the Minister of Electricity that could have been lifted from Saddam Hussein ’s rule book .
The order prohibits " all trade union activities at the ministry and its departments and sites " and authorizes the police " to close all trade union offices and bases and to take control of unions ' assets properties and documents , furniture and computers . "
The leader of Britain 's Trades Union Congress has called upon the Iraqi government " to withdraw the order , and allow unions to operate freely , underpinned by a fair , just and ILO - compliant labour law . "
The Iraqi trade union movement is calling on trade union members everywhere to raise their voices in protest .
Image caption
The scientists tagged the gene with a fluorescent marker to ensure it had been inserted
Scientists in the US have succeeded in genetically engineering a malaria - resistant mosquito .
The researchers , from the University of Arizona , introduced a gene that affected the insect 's gut , meaning the malaria parasite could not develop .
They report the advance , which also reduced the insects ' lifespan , in the journal PLoS Pathogens .
They say that the ultimate goal is to introduce malaria - resistant mosquitoes into the environment .
" Before we do this , we have to somehow give the mosquitoes a competitive advantage over the disease - carrying insects , " explained Professor Michael Riehle from the University of Arizona a principle investigator on the project .
In the study the researchers altered a gene that codes for a " signalling molecule " .
This molecule , a protein , enables the mosquito's cells to communicate with each other , and is crucial for parasite development inside the mosquito .
What happens next ?
This is a key step in a long genetic battle against a global killer .
The ultimate aim is to tackle the root cause of malaria 's spread by releasing the parasite - proof mosquitoes into the environment .
For that to be successful , the genetically modified insects would have to " take over " from the naturally occurring , disease - spreading mosquitoes .
This means giving the GM insects a competitive advantage - something that has not yet been achieved .
Researchers are investigating a number of genetic " tricks " in pursuit of this .
One of these is to ensure that the gene that blocks the parasite 's development is guaranteed to be passed down to the modified mosquitoes ' offspring - thereby making sure that the gene eventually spreads throughout the population .
The other is to give the malaria - resistant mosquitoes an additional genetic boost , such as a gene that makes them resistant to toxins that could be used against unmodified mosquitoes .
But there are serious ethical concerns about releasing a genetically modified insect into the environment .
Once the science is pinned down , the risks and benefits to the environment , and to human health , will have to be properly assessed .
The genetic tweak artificially increased its production , disrupting the whole process , and also shortened the insect 's lifespan .
The team was able to add a fluorescent tag to the gene , to ensure that it had been successfully " expressed " by the mosquito larvae .
Professor Riehle said : " This is the first time that we 've been able to completely block the parasite from developing in the mosquito . "
Gareth Lycett , a malaria researcher from Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine in the UK , said it was an important advance .
" They have tested it on the most harmful of the malaria parasites , Plasmodium falciparum , " he told BBC News .
" It is another step on the journey towards potentially assisting malaria control through GM mosquito release . "
But Dr Lycett pointed out that the this work had not been carried out specifically on the Anopheles gambiae mosquito .
" That is the major vector of malaria in Africa where the disease is most prevalent , " he explained .
This study was a collaborative project with the University of California Davis and the University of Georgia funded by the National Institutes of Health .
Our practice is based largely in the area of medical malpractice ; however , we also represent victims of nursing home abuse and neglect as well as people who have suffered catastrophic injuries through nearly any type of negligent act .
Our medical malpractice group helps clients who have been injured in emergency rooms and operating rooms due to delayed diagnosis , and through hospital negligence .
We provide legal representation to parents and their newborns who have sustained a birth injury .
Sadly , medical mistakes often result in fatalities .
We provide a compassionate environment for family members to discuss their loss and find effective resolutions to their wrongful death claims .
FTC Workshop Tomorrow on Future of Journalism to Consider Controversial Recommendations
Just a reminder that tomorrow the Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) will be hosting the 3rd workshop in its ongoing event series , “ Will Journalism Survive the Internet Age ? ”
This workshop will feature various experts discussing the FTC ’s 47 - page “ staff discussion draft , ” which outlines “ Potential Policy Recommendations to Support the Reinvention of Journalism . ”
In these two recent essays , I discussed the controversy surrounding some of the recommendations in that discussion draft :
According to this press release announcing the event , ” The workshop is free and open to the public , but space is limited and attendees will be admitted on a first - come basis .
The workshop will be held at : The National Press Club , 549 14th Street NW , 13th Floor , Washington , DC .
Members of the public and press who wish to participate but who cannot attend can view a live webcast .
A link will be available on the day of the workshop at : http://www.ftc.gov/opp/workshops/news/index.shtml.”
Unless I am missing something , the FTC has still not posted an agenda or list of speakers , which is a bit strange .
But apparently Rick Edmonds of the Poynter Institute will be participating .
He ’s got a nice piece up over at Poynter Online ( “ FTC Future - of - Journalism Inquiry Wraps Up With Little Momentum for Major Intervention “ ) summarizing some of what he ’ll say tomorrow .
I particularly liked his conclusion , which echoes the call Berin Szoka and I have made for allowing continuing marketplace evolution and experimentation :
Right now is a great time , though , for letting nature , creative destruction and innovation take their course .
Will newspapers and other traditional media recommit to an adequate news effort and find new revenue streams as advertising budgets continue to move to all things digital ?
Which of the start - ups will demonstrate financial stability and success with news audiences and marketers ?
With these free market dynamics playing out at warp speed , later is the better time for deciding whether government invention is needed and if so , what kind .
Amen , brother .
[ For more background about what the FTC and FCC have been up to on this front , see this ongoing series list of essays about , “ Should Government Bailout Media , Subsidize the Press & Seek to “ Save Journalism ” ? ]
1. Thong Man
This is just begging for a wedgie .
2. Narcissistic Shirt Guy
Yo dawg I heard you like yourself ...
3. Draenei Leg Man Umm ...
4. WTF Couple
Do not get stuck alone in a room with these two .
5. Tetris Hair
This is the coolest haircut I have ever seen .
6. Popped Collar Mullet Clan Someone give this family their own reality show please .
7. Apple Fanboy
This is actually normal casual wear for an Apple fanboy .
8. Orange Bro
This is what I imagine when I think of LA .
9. Hipster - Bro Hybrid
This guy is sporting an ironic stash with a hipster mullet , a popped collar , and a matching chihuahua .
Is this what it takes to be cool these days ?
When we put up a link to last week 's CFTC hearing webcast little did we know that it would end up being the veritable ( physical ) gold mine ( no pun intended ) of information about what really transpires in the commodities market .
First , we obtained direct evidence from Andrew Maguire ( who may or may not have been the target of an attempt at " bodily harm " as reported yesterday ) of extensive manipulation in the silver market .
Today , Adrian Douglas , director of GATA , adds to the mountain of evidence that the commodities market , and the CFTC , stand behind what is potentially the biggest market manipulation scheme in the history of capital markets ( we are assuming for the time being that all allegations of the Fed manipulating the broader equity and credit markets are completely baseless ) .
Using the testimony of a clueless Jeffrey Christian , formerly a staffer at the Commodities Research Group in the Goldman Sachs Investment Research Department and now head and founder of the CPM Group , Douglas confirms that the " LBMA trades over 100 times the amount of gold it actually has to back the trades . "
Christian , who describes himself as " one of the world ’s foremost authorities on the markets for precious metals " yet , in the words of Gary Gensler , said " that the bullion banks had large shorts to hedge themselves selling elsewhere - how do you short something to cover a sale , I did n’t quite follow that ? " and proves that current and former Goldman bankers are some of the most arrogant people alive , assuming that everyone else is an idiot and will buy whatever explanation is presented just because the CV says Goldman Sachs .
Yet Christian confirms that the gold market is basically a ponzi : " in the “ physical market ” as the market uses that term , there is much more metal than that …there is a hundred times what there is . "
And there you have it : as Douglas eloquently summarizes : " the giant Ponzi trading of gold ledger entries can be sustained only if there is never a liquidity crisis in the REAL physical market .
If someone asks for gold and there is n’t any the default would trigger the biggest “ bank run ” and default in history .
This is , of course , why the Central Banks lease their gold or sell it outright to the bullion banks when they are squeezed by high demand for REAL physical gold that can not be met from their own stocks " and concludes " Almost every day we hear of a new financial fraud that has been exposed .
The gold and silver market fraud is likely to be bigger than all of them .
Investors in their droves , who have purchased gold in good faith in “ unallocated accounts ” , are going to demand delivery of their metal .
They will then discover that there is only one ounce for every one hundred ounces claimed .
They will find out they are “ unsecured creditors ” .
For those of you who missed the CFTC hearing , here are two of the must - watch clips .
In the first one , Adrian Douglas introduces the underlying concerns about the Ponzi nature of the LBMA hedging situation , in which a wholesale rush to " physical delivery " would result in a one hundred fold dilution of gold holdings , and a 99 % result of unsecured creditor claims ( good luck collecting on that particular bankruptcy ) .
We also meet Jeffrey Christian , formerly of Goldman and currently of CPM , in which not only does the " expert " state that a bullion bank short is hedged by further shorting , but confirms Douglas ' and GATA 's previous claims that the " physical " market , as defined , is a joke , as the OTC market treats gold purely as a financial asset , essentially conforming to the precepts of fractional reserve banking .
As Douglas notes " He confirms that the LBMA trades hundreds of times the real underlying physical .
This is even a higher estimate than I have previously made !
It is , as I asserted before the Commission , a giant Ponzi Scheme . "
Here is running commentary from Douglas based on a transcript of this part of the hearing :
S. O’MALIA : Both Mr. Organ and Mr. Epstein in the second panel , raised the concerns that short positions exceed the physical supply .
The second panel kind of argued that that was n’t a concern .
Are you concerned that the shorts will not be able to deliver if called upon ?
J. CHRISTIAN : No .
I am not at all concerned .
For one thing it has been persistently that way for decades .
Another thing is that there are any number of mechanisms allowing for cash settlements and problems and a third thing is as many people who are actually knowledgeable about the silver market and the gold market have testified today that almost all of those short positions are in fact hedges , the short futures positions are hedges , offsetting long positions in the OTC market .
So I do n’t really see a concern there .
[ Note : It is interesting that Mr. Christian is not concerned about the ability of the shorts to deliver because they can cash settle !
He clearly has no understanding that when someone wants to buy precious metals giving them cash instead is a failure to deliver .
It is a default !
But he is not concerned !
He says that the short position is actually hedged by a long position on the OTC but we will see later in this testimony how he describes the “ OTC Physical Market ” and we will see that the long position is not bullion but is in fact an unbacked ( or only partially backed ) I.O.U. bullion . ]
S. O’MALIA : Mr Organ would you like to respond ?
H. Organ : I do see a risk on this , and I think it is a risk that we have to be very , very careful of .
As countries like China , South Korea and Russia start demanding and taking physical delivery of their gold and moving it offshore to their shores and putting pressure on the Comex , and we will probably come to a point in time where we will have a failure to deliver .
A DOUGLAS : Mr. Chairman , could I make a comment ?
CHAIRMAN GENSLER : No !
Who are you ?
A DOUGLAS : I would …
CHAIRMAN GENSLER : No !
I said “ No ! ”
A DOUGLAS : Oh !
You said “ No ” ?
CHAIRMAN GENSLER : I do n’t know who is this ?
A DOUGLAS : I am Adrian Douglas ; I am assisting Harvey .
CHAIRMAN GENSLER : Alright , Sir. Yes .
A DOUGLAS : I would just like to make a comment .
We are talking about the futures market hedging the physical market .
But if we look at the physical market , the LBMA , it trades 20 million ozs of gold per day on a net basis which is 22 billion dollars .
That ’s 5.4 Trillion dollars per year .
That is half the size of the US economy .
If you take the gross amount it is about one and a half times the US economy ; that is not trading 100 % backed metal ; it ’s trading on a fractional reserve basis .
And you can tell that from the LBMA ’s website because they trade in “ unallocated ” accounts .
And if you look at their definition of an “ unallocated account ” they say that you are an “ unsecured creditor ” .
Well , if it ’s “ unallocated ” and you buy one hundred tonnes of gold even if you do n’t have the serial numbers you should still have one hundred tonnes of gold , so how can you be an unsecured creditor ?
Well , that ’s because its fractional reserve accounting , and you ca n’t trade that much gold , it does n’t exist in the world .
So the people who are hedging these positions on the LBMA , it ’s essentially paper hedging paper .
Bart Chilton uses the expression “ Stop the Ponzimonium ” and this is a Ponzi Scheme .
Because gold is a unique commodity and people have mentioned this , it is left in the vaults and it is not consumed .
So this means that most people trust the bullion banks to hold their gold and they trade it on a ledger entry .
So one of the issues we have got to address here is the size of the LBMA and the OTC markets because of the positions which are supposedly backing these positions which are hedges , but it is essentially paper backing paper .
[ 8 seconds of silence ]
CHAIRMAN GENSLER : Oh !
I guess I get time .
Errr…Umm .
I do n’t have any other questions .
Commissioner Dunn .
M. DUNN : I appreciate the difficulty of trying to do this by remote but at the end of your testimony you start talking about bona fide hedge exemptions for commercial traders and must be part of position limits and not to grant hedge exemptions to swap dealers would be devastating for liquidity of exchanges and the price discovery capacity , and we got into who determines what is legitimate , but could you amplify on that a bit and what you see as a danger there ?
J. CHRISTIAN : Yes I can amplify on it ; but amplify on it a bit is more difficult because it is a very big subject .
The first thing is that precious metals , copper , other metals , energy these are all traded internationally and are fungible commodities by and large .
There are a lot of strange things that have been misspoken about the difference between the wholesale and the retail market and we do n’t really have the time to go over those , I think .
But the fact of the latter is …
[ The lights go off ]
J. CHRISTIAN : Oh excuse me .
I am in a building with motion sensitive lighting and it does n’t recognize what I do as human activity .
CHAIRMAN GENSLER : Those were your words not anybody ’s here .
J. CHRISTIAN : No , they were my wife ’s !
If you start putting position limits on bona fide hedgers for example , the bullion banks , and the previous fellow was talking about hedges of paper on paper and that is exactly right .
Precious metals are financial assets like currencies , T - Bills and T - bonds they trade in the multiples of a hundred times the underlying physical and so people buying them are voting and giving an economic view of the world or a view of the economic world and so when you start saying to a bank I have a number of people … [
Note :
This is mind blowing .
He openly admits that the LBMA OTC market is not trading in physical gold or silver ; it is trading in paper promises .
Gold is not intended to be a “ financial asset ” like T - Bills and currencies .
That is the whole point of owning it .
Actual physical bullion is a tangible asset with intrinsic value that does n’t have counterparty risk .
He believes the purpose of trading paper promises in gold is for investors to “ vote ” on their view of the economic world !
He confirms that the LBMA trades hundreds of times the real underlying physical .
This is even a higher estimate than I have previously made !
It is , as I asserted before the Commission , a giant Ponzi Scheme . ]
J. CHRISTIAN : well , actually let ’s go back to a concrete example of Mr. Organ when he was talking about August of 2008 when there was an explosion in the short positions in gold and silver held by the bullion banks on the futures market and he seemed to imply that that was somehow driving the price down .
If you understand how those bullion banks run their books the reason they had an explosion in their short positions was because they were selling bullion hand over fist in the forward market , in the physical market , and in the OTC options market .
Everyone was buying gold everywhere in the world so the bullion banks who stand as market makers were selling or making commitments to sell them material and so they had to hedge themselves and they were using the futures market to do that .
So if you place position limits on the futures market they will have to find some other mechanism to hedge themselves … and they will .
And someone else will provide that market …
M. DUNN : Jeffery , I am going to cut you off because I want to ask another question of Mr. Organ .
[ It is hard to imagine more inane drivel than this .
He conjures up the image of bullion bankers selling bullion like crazy to the general public who are in a feeding frenzy and the bullion bankers are “ hedging themselves ” by selling gold short on the COMEX !!!
Did he get that idea from a blonde ?
A little while later Chairman Gensler also realized that this was the biggest baloney ever concocted as a cover for massive gold market manipulation by JPMorgan and HSBC in 2008 and so poses a follow up question ] ……
And here is the second must watch clip :
CHAIRMAN GENSLER : I would like to follow up on Commissioner Dunn ’s question for Mr. Christian , if I might , because I did n’t quite follow your answer on the bullion banks .
You said that the bullion banks had large shorts to hedge themselves selling elsewhere , and I did n’t understand ; I might just not have followed it and you ’re closer to the metals markets than me on this , but how do you short something to cover a sale , I did n’t quite follow that ?
J. CHRISTIAN : Well , actually I misspoke .
Basically what you were seeing in August of 2008 was the liquidation of leveraged precious metals positions from a number of places and the bullion banks were coming back to buy it , and they were hedging those positions by going short on the COMEX and that is really what it was .
[ Even on a second attempt Mr. Christian invents the most ridiculous poppycock to explain away the blatant manipulation of the precious metals in 2008 .
If , in his own words , investors were buying gold hand over fist everywhere in the world why would leveraged long holders dump all their long holdings ?
They would have ordinarily been making a fortune .
The bank participation report of August 2008 shows that 2 or 3 bullion banks sold short the equivalent of 25 % of world annual silver production in 4 weeks and the equivalent of 10 % of world annual gold production .
There was simultaneously a decrease in their long positions , which were almost non-existent anyway , which is incoherent with a notion the bullion banks were mopping up dumped leveraged investments .
For an intelligent and coherent explanation of what happened in August 2008 read my CFTC written testimony here ]
CHAIRMAN GENSLER : So I am glad I asked because I really did n’t follow that .
But if I think of the earlier charts of the positions of the bullion banks that Mr. Sherrod had these concentrated shorts have been , well you know , reasonably consistent , they are not exactly the same on every day , but his charts showed a similarity across a couple of years .
So what are bullion banks , I mean I am just trying to understand , what are bullion banks hedging on the other side , we heard from other panels , but you seem to be familiar , is it warehouse receipts , what is it ?
J. CHRISTIAN : Well it ’s a tremendous number of things .
You were at Goldman shortly after me and we had an MIS system that kicked out a daily gold book .
CHAIRMAN GENSLER :
That ’s really remarkable because we do n’t seem to have a lot of similar views , but you know , a lot of people were at Goldman Sachs .
J. CHRISTIAN : Well I did n’t like the trends at Goldman so I left in 1986 .
But honestly , and bad jokes aside , if you look at a bullion bank ’s book , its gold book for example , you will see an enormous number of things ; there will be gold forward purchases from mining companies , there will be forward purchases from refineries , there will be gold that has been leased out to electronics manufacturers , component manufacturers , and countless manufacturers and jewelers .
As gold flows through the beneficiation process and again these are all long complex issues that are hard to reduce , but you know , a lot of producers will sell their gold the moment it leaves their possession at the mine .
It might be in concentrate form or it might be in dore form .
It then goes to a smelter or a refinery .
The bullion bank buys that and it agrees a price at the time it is buying it but it wo n’t be allowed to sell that metal until the refinery outturn which maybe two weeks but it could be six months .
So they will go into the market and short the market in order to cover the commitment they have made to buy at that price and then when they get the metal in the physical market then they can either sell that metal in the physical market and unwind the hedge in the futures market or the forward market or do something else .
There are all sorts of other derivative contracts that investment banks and bullion banks will sell to investors , to other banks , pension funds , to insurance companies and each of those will often have a long exposure in gold which will be hedged with an offsetting short position [ note :
There he goes again with that blonde idea that when you sell gold to someone you hedge that with a short position ! ] .
So if you look at a bullion bank ’s gold book or silver book you would find a large range of topics .
One of the things that the people who criticize the bullion banks and talk about this undue large position do n’t understand what is the nature of the long positions of the physical market and we do n’t help it ; the CFTC when it did its most recent report on silver used the term that we use “ the physical market ” .
We use that term as did the CFTC in that report to talk about the OTC market in other words forwards , OTC options , physical metal and everything else .
People say , and you heard it today , there is not that much physical metal out there , and there is n’t .
But in the “ physical market ” as the market uses that term , there is much more metal than that …there is a hundred times what there is .
If I look at the large short positions on the COMEX my question is where are the other shorts being hedged ?
because the short position , that I believe the bullion banks use to hedge their physicals , is larger than their short position on the COMEX and the answer is that they hedge it in the OTC market in London .
CHAIRMAN GENSLER : I thank you for that detailed discussion
END
The CFTC position limits hearing was supposed to usher in a new era of transparency and honesty into the dealings of the gold market .
In a very ironic way , it did just that .
Here is Douglas ' must read conclusion - and a warning for anyone who believes that following a wholesale run on commodities , investors will be able to have access to what is contractually theirs .
This is a stunning revelation .
Mr. Christian confirms that the “ physical market ” is not in fact a physical market at all .
It is a loose description of all the paper trading and ledger entries and some physical metal movements that occur each day on behalf of people who believe they own bullion in LBMA vaults but in fact they do n’t .
They are told they have “ unallocated gold ” or “ unallocated silver ” but that does not mean the LBMA has physical metal set aside for those customers and has just not given specific bar numbers to the customers .
No , it is the most cynical and corrupt definition of “ unallocated ” … the customer has NO bullion allocated to him .
NONE !
The LBMA defines the owners of “ unallocated accounts ” quite clearly as “ unsecured creditors ” .
That means they have NO collateral .
NONE .
Can it be any clearer ?
It is a giant Ponzi scheme .
Mr. Christian confirms what many analysts and GATA have been alleging that there is not much REAL physical metal , but testifies that there is actually one hundred times the REAL Physical metal being sold based on the much more “ loose ” definition of what “ physical ” means to the bullion banks .
The last sentence of his statement is mind - blowing .
He says the “ physical ” positions of the bullion banks are so huge that they are much bigger than the COMEX short position .
He says the “ physicals ” are hedged on the OTC market in London !
Did you get that ?
Let me walk you through it .
The bullion banks are selling what is supposed to be vault gold but it is just a ledger entry if the customer never asks for delivery .
They must balance their exposure with a ledger deposit entry .
This has to be some paper promise of gold from a third party , or some derivative , or even some real gold bullion .
If all the ledger entries balance out then the bullion bank has no net exposure in exactly the same way the futures market works with a short offsetting a long .
A futures market can never default if no one asks for delivery as only paper contracts are traded .
The loosely defined “ physical ” London market is an identical scheme .
As long as everyone is prepared to buy and sell “ ledger entries ” for imaginary gold in the vault no one will ever discover the fraud .
The LBMA does , however , buy and sell some real physical metal as well .
But we now know form Mr. Christian ’s testimony that this is one one - hundredth the size of the paper gold trading .
The LBMA states on its website that it trades 20 million ozs of gold each day on a net basis .
We can calculate the net trade of REAL physical gold should be about 200,000 ozs each day ; that is 6.25 tonnes per day or 1625 tonnes per year .
This is very much in line with the size of total global mining output of approximately 2200 tonnes per year .
So the giant Ponzi trading of gold ledger entries can be sustained only if there is never a liquidity crisis in the REAL physical market .
If someone asks for gold and there is n’t any the default would trigger the biggest “ bank run ” and default in history .
This is , of course , why the Central Banks lease their gold or sell it outright to the bullion banks when they are squeezed by high demand for REAL physical gold that can not be met from their own stocks .
Almost every day we hear of a new financial fraud that has been exposed .
The gold and silver market fraud is likely to be bigger than all of them .
Investors in their droves , who have purchased gold in good faith in “ unallocated accounts ” , are going to demand delivery of their metal .
They will then discover that there is only one ounce for every one hundred ounces claimed .
They will find out they are “ unsecured creditors ” .
GATA has long advocated the ownership of real physical bullion .
The “ bombshells ” dropped in the CFTC Public Hearing have only served to reinforce that view .
We believe we have made significant new inroads into exposing the fraud , and the suppression of precious metals prices and it is documented in the CFTC ’s own hearing .
March 27 , 2010
Adrian Douglas
Director of GATA
Proprietor of Market Force Analysis
www.MarketForceAnalysis.com
info@marketforceanalysis.com
h/t MarketForceAnalysis
Jerusalem ( CNN ) -- Israel plans to ease its blockade of Gaza , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Sunday following an Israeli Security Cabinet meeting , a step commended by major powers and brushed off by a Palestinian organization and government .
" The government position is that Israel should open all the crossings of Gaza in accordance with 2005 AMA agreement , and end the closure regime , " Palestinian government spokesman Ghassan Khatib told CNN .
Tony Blair , envoy for the Middle East Quartet -- the U.S. , Russia , the European Union and the United Nations -- said in a statement Israel would publish a list of weapons and war items not permitted into Gaza rather than those permitted , and allow full access of civilian goods .
The Security Cabinet said last week it planned to revamp its policy , paving the way for a vote Sunday .
" This comes as a partial manner due to international pressure but does not meet the minimal needs of the people in Gaza to live in dignity , " said Hanan Ashrawi , member of the Palestine Liberation Organization executive committee .
Ashraw said the steps were an improvement but the blockade should be completely lifted and the Israeli occupation ended .
Israel 's announcement comes three weeks after ships in Israel 's naval blockade sparred with a flotilla of aid ships heading to Gaza .
Nine Turkish activists were killed in the incident , which drew international criticism .
Israel 's military stopped the flotilla and boarded the ships .
Israel says its troops were attacked with knives , metal poles and other objects on one of the boats , and the flotilla passengers say they were fired upon without provocation .
The latest step is among six the Israeli government will begin implementing as soon as possible , including expanding operations at the existing operating land crossings and streamlining the permitting process of international aid groups the government recognizes , the prime minister said .
The naval blockade of Gaza remains in place , and military officials will continue to inspect goods on Gaza - bound ships , Netanyahu said .
" Israel will continue to facilitate the expeditious inspection and delivery of goods bound for Gaza through the port of Ashdod . "
Blair , who met with Netanyahu on Sunday , said the move should radically change the exchange of goods in the area .
" Plainly there are still issues to be addressed and the test of course will be not what is said , but what is done , " Blair said in a statement .
" But I welcome strongly this statement of policy and the Office of the Quartet Representative looks forward to working closely with the Government of Israel and other partners on its implementation . "
The White House also commended the policy , saying in a statement it will improve conditions for Palestinians in Gaza while preventing the entry of weapons .
" We will work with Israel , the Palestinian Authority , the Quartet and other international partners to ensure these arrangements are implemented as quickly and effectively as possible and to explore additional ways to improve the situation in Gaza , including greater freedom of movement and commerce between Gaza and the West Bank , " the statement said .
" There is more to be done , and the president looks forward to discussing this new policy , and additional steps , with Prime Minister Netanyahu during his visit to Washington on July 6 . "
" Over these coming months we therefore need : to improve life in Gaza ; continue the growth in the West Bank and the PA development of its institutions for statehood ; and ensure that the indirect talks , led by Senator Mitchell , turn into full direct negotiations , " Blair said .
The White House said , " there is no need for unnecessary confrontations , and we call on all parties to act responsibly in meeting the needs of the people of Gaza . "
Israel , the United States and Blair all called for the release of Gilad Shalit , an Israeli soldier who has been held in Gaza for nearly four years .
" We will redouble our efforts to secure his freedom , " Blair said .
Separately , Germany criticized Israeli officials for denying Dirk Niebel , German minister of economic cooperation and development , entry into Gaza .
" The goal of the federal government remains the complete end of the blockade Gaza Strip , " German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle said in a Sunday statement .
" That is not only Germany 's stance but also that of our partners in the European Union . "
Yigal Palmor , spokesman for the Israeli foreign ministry , said Neibel was not allowed to enter Gaza because " Hamas uses visits of this kind for purposes of manipulation and misrepresentation of international legitimacy and normal relations with the international community . "
Israel 's policy of denying high - ranking diplomats access to Gaza -- in place since last year 's Israeli incursion into Gaza -- has angered European governments which finance various programs in Gaza .
Israel made an exception earlier this year , when it allowed United Nations Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon and Baroness Catherine Ashton , EU foreign policy chief , to visit Gaza .
CNN 's Guy Azriel , Kareem Khadder , and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .
Adding this PPA to your system
You can update your system with unsupported packages from this untrusted PPA by adding ppa:tualatrix / ppa to your system 's Software Sources .
( Read about installing )
sudo add - apt - repository ppa:tualatrix / ppa sudo apt - get update
Technical details about this PPA
This PPA can be added to your system manually by copying the lines below and adding them to your system 's software sources .
Display sources .list entries for : Choose your Ubuntu version Trusty ( 14.04 ) Saucy ( 13.10 ) Raring ( 13.04 ) Quantal ( 12.10 ) Precise ( 12.04 ) Oneiric ( 11.10 ) Natty ( 11.04 ) Maverick ( 10.10 ) Lucid ( 10.04 ) Karmic ( 9.10 ) Jaunty ( 9.04 ) Intrepid ( 8.10 ) Hardy ( 8.04 ) Gutsy ( 7.10 ) deb http://ppa.launchpad.net/tualatrix/ppa/ubuntu
YOUR_UBUNTU_VERSION_HERE
main deb-src
http://ppa.launchpad.net/tualatrix/ppa/ubuntu
YOUR_UBUNTU_VERSION_HERE
main Signing key : 1024R/ FE85409EEAB40ECCB65740816AF0E1940624A220
( What is this ? )
Fingerprint : FE85409EEAB40ECCB65740816AF0E1940624A220
For questions and bugs with software in this PPA please contact Ding Zhou .
The Way We Live Now : gracefully submitting to our new overlords .
There 's no use trying to fight it any longer .
As our jobs disappear , our investors flee , and our populace falls victim to scams , one thing is clear : Canada rules .
The LA Times reveals what we all have been thinking : " Canada 's economy can teach the U.S. a thing or two . "
That 's right .
Chew that one over .
Suck its meaty flavor .
Our humble neighbor to the north has not just one thing , but at least two , that it can teach us , econometrically .
Canada ?
They do n't even have many machine guns per person up there .
What in the world could they teach us ?
Well , they could teach us how to make maple syrup now that all of our census jobs are gone .
They could teach our mom and pop shops how to stop falling victim to lottery scams .
They can teach our small investors to stop fleeing the fucking stock market at every sign of trouble , which destroys their long - term returns .
Money managers are optimistic about stocks , after all .
Probably Canadian money managers .
So grab your hockey stick , don your poutine hat , and make your way to our northern border , where all your fellow American will be kneeling prostrate before our new gods .
If these Canadians can't save us , then we have to try Mexico .
And then we have to try the ocean .
I recently watched WNBC ’s Fun City documentary on John Lindsay ’s tenure as Mayor of New York City ( 1966 -73 ) .
It got me thinking why , with all the progressive urban activists and heavy Democratic concentration in cities , so few progressive mayors have been elected in high - profile urban America since the late 1960s .
And why the few elected have not maintained popularity .
Lindsay and David Dinkins ( 1989 - 93 ) are New York ’s only ostensibly progressive mayors in the past 45 years .
Chicago ’s only progressive mayor was Harold Washington ( 1983 - 87 ) , who died after serving five years .
Los Angeles elected progressives Tom Bradley in 1973 and Antonio Villaraigosa in 2005 , but Bradley moved to the center after his first ( or second ) term , and Villaraigosa has greatly disappointed the left .
San Francisco ’s last progressive Mayor , Art Agnos ( 1987 - 1991 ) , lost re-election .
Here ’s what I think is the problem .
The Feds Abandonment of Cities
The federal government ’s failure to provide sufficient resources to major urban centers has created major obstacles to progressive mayoral candidates and mayors .
Here ’s why .
First , progressive candidates develop a laundry list of public programs that energize the progressive base .
But this agenda is seen as economically unrealistic by the business community and more moderate voters , who are then easily persuaded that the progressive mayoral candidate will increase their taxes to achieve their goals .
Second , the lack of federal funding reframes major city mayoral races into contests over which a candidate can best get the private sector to do what the government will not .
In a campaign over which candidate can best effectuate “ private - public partnerships , ” the business and corporate - backed candidate is best positioned to prevail .
Third , as Agnos learned in 1991 and Villaraigosa in his narrow - reelection win in 2009 , when federal money is not available during economic downturns , city services take a terrible beating .
And the person blamed is the progressive mayor who took office promising to enhance these services , but fails to do so due to the lack of funds .
True , non-progressive incumbents are also hurt by the lack of federal funding in touch times , as Agnos ’ successor Frank Jordan learned when he lost to Willie Brown in 1995 .
But progressive candidates and mayors raise high hopes for change among their followers that political moderates do not , and then face a much greater backlash .
Absent federal funds , progressive mayors preside over public transit cuts , rising homelessness , angry city workers , rising joblessness , vacant storefronts , abandoned development projects , and the perception that the city is going backward .
And due to the coalition that elected them , progressives cannot engage in the slashing of public services used by the conservative mayors ( see Giuliani , Rudolph ) that follow them .
Internal Conflicts in Progressive Coalitions
On Mayor Lindsay ’s first day on the job , the New York City Transit Workers Union went out on strike , shutting down the city ’s subway system .
This was soon followed by a Sanitation Workers strike , which left trash stockpiling on city streets , and then a racially - divisive teachers strike .
Lindsay , a former Upper East Side Congressmember , had won election as a Republican in a three - way race and lacked much union backing .
But he was a vocal critic of the Vietnam War , was strongly supported by the city ’s African - American community , and was the most progressive major candidate in both his 1965 and 1969 campaigns .
Lindsay never won 50 % of the vote , so he never had a “ majority ” base .
But the attacks on the idealistic Lindsay from working - class groups that should have recognized that he was the best they were going to get is striking , particularly when we know what happened to city workers after New York City was forced to declare bankruptcy in 1975 .
The progressive base also splintered under San Francisco ’s Agnos .
The Mayor bears much of the responsibility , but the Agnos years revealed a disappointing truth about the city ’s progressive base : it includes many people whose evaluation of a mayor depends on how much power and influence he gives them .
Agnos ’ insistence that government should not be run through progressive power brokers cost him dearly .
The Board of Supervisors was still elected citywide in those years , and did not have enough independent progressive members to help keep Agnos ’ progressive base from fracturing .
Future Prospects
San Francisco picks a new mayor next year , and New York City in 2013 .
One would think that both are well positioned for progressive victories , but many wrongly anticipated that San Franciscans would prefer an entirely new direction in 2003 after eight years of Willie Brown .
Progressive mayoral candidates in both cities will face massive spending against them by the real estate industry , which is another critical factor in why so few progressives become big -city mayors .
San Francisco is small enough for a truly grassroots campaign like that waged by Matt Gonzalez in 2003 to prevail , but New York City is so big that major dollars are needed to compete .
Richard Daley is Chicago ’s Mayor as long as he wants , and it will take a dramatic economic turnaround for a true progressive to win the 2013 Los Angeles Mayor ’s election .
Boston ’s Thomas Menino is now in his fifth term as that city ’s progressive mayor , and cities like Portland , Oregon have also elected progressives .
But since the War on Poverty was cutback in 1966 , our most nationally recognized , high profile urban mayors have only rarely come from the progressive ranks .
Perhaps by acknowledging and understanding this political reality we can help change it .
Randy Shaw
Republished with permission from Beyond Chron
This is the most recent item in a debate about humanitarian intervention .
Click here to read the previous contributions by Richard Just , David Rieff , Leon Wieseltier , and Michael Kazin .
In 1940 , as the Wehrmacht marched into Paris , Simone Weil wrote in her journal , “ [ T ] his is a great day for the people of Indochina . ”
The remark is generally greeted with horror , by respectable opinion in Western Europe and North America , anyway , and mocked as an emblematic instance of the European ( and by extension , American ) self - hatred that the French writer Pascal Bruckner had in mind in his book , The Tyranny of Guilt : An Essay on Western Masochism .
At first glance , even allowing for the fact that Weil ’s observation did not impede her from trying to volunteer to fight for the Free French against the Nazis , the scorn heaped upon her by writers like Bruckner seems warranted .
Weil was indeed filled with self - hatred , and like the medieval Christian mystics fetishized suffering , writing in Gravity and Grace that it “ saves existence . ”
But there is a problem with such dismissals :
As a matter of historical fact , Weil was also incontrovertibly right .
The collapse of the French empire in Indochina made independence possible .
Anyone doubting this need only look at the fact that when the Nazis were defeated one of the first things the French did was re-establish their rule , successfully demanding at the Potsdam Conference in 1945 the return of their possessions in Southeast Asia .
This was not India , where to Churchill ’s discomfiture , by the end of the 1930s , British elite opinion was increasingly coming to the view that independence was inevitable .
To the contrary , when a French army under General Leclerc — the same General Leclerc who had been one of France ’s great heroes in the fight against Nazism , and whose 2nd Armored Division had liberated Paris in 1944 — arrived in Saigon in October , 1945 , it was with the intention of definitively crushing the Vietnamese independence movement .
It would take nine years of war , hundreds of thousands of Vietnamese and tens of thousands of French dead , and General Giap ’s victory at the Battle of Dien Bien Phu , for Vietnam to secure its independence .
Had Simone
Weil not starved herself to death ( whether intentionally or unintentionally is not clear ) in Kent in 1943 , refusing the extra food she needed because it was more than the official ration for her fellow - citizens in Nazi- occupied France , she would have been within her rights to say that the victory over Nazism was a black day for the people of Indochina .
The questions raised by Weil ’s almost obscene historical dispassion — and surely it is the most extreme argument against interest any philosopher has ever advanced , with the possible exception of Nietzsche ’s atheism of the abyss — are anything but matters of historical curiosity .
The world does not just look different depending on where you are from , what nation , people or tribe ( or in many cases , gender ) you belong to , your social class , or your faith or the lack of it , it is different .
I have chosen to begin with Weil ’s example because of its ferocity and the discomfort and unhappiness it must necessarily evoke ( I certainly feel it ) .
But the same could be said of practically every great historical conflict with global implications .
If you are a Navajo , you would have to be insane not to feel differently about the establishment of the United States than , say , an Italian - American .
If you are a South Asian with any historical memory at all , you are hard - pressed to accept the narrative of the conflict between Britain and Japan in World War II as one between good and evil .
When Mingjun Zhang was watching his son play in the yard , he was hit with a burning question : " What makes the ivy in his backyard cling to the fence so tightly ? "
That simple question has led to a pioneering discovery that the tiny particles secreted from ivy rootlets can be used in many breakthrough applications in items such as military technologies , medical adhesives and drug delivery , and , most recently , sun-block .
Zhang , an associate professor of biomedical engineering at the University of Tennessee , Knoxville , along with his research team and collaborators , has found that ivy nanoparticles may protect skin from UV radiation at least four times better than the metal - based sunblocks found on store shelves today .
" The discovery of ivy nanoparticles ' application to sunscreen was triggered by a real need .
While hearing a talk at a conference about toxicity concerns in the use of metal - based nanoparticles in sunscreen , I was wondering , ' Why not try naturally occurring organic nanoparticles ? ' "
Zhang said .
Zhang speculated the greenery 's hidden power lay within a yellowish material secreted by the ivy for surface climbing .
He placed this material onto a silicon wafer and examined it under an atomic force microscope and was surprised by what they found -- lots of nanoparticles , tiny particles 1,000 times thinner than the diameter of a human hair .
The properties of these tiny bits create the ability for the vine leaves to hold almost 2 million more times than its weight .
It also has the ability to soak up and disperse light which is integral to sunscreens .
" Nanoparticles exhibit unique physical and chemical properties due to large surface - to - volume ratio which allows them to absorb and scatter light , " Zhang said .
" Titanium dioxide and zinc oxide are currently used for sunscreen for the same reason , but the ivy nanoparticles are more uniform than the metal - based nanoparticles , and have unique material properties , which may help to enhance the absorption and scattering of light , and serve better as a sun-blocker . "
The team 's study indicates that ivy nanoparticles can improve the extinction of ultraviolet light at least four times better than its metal counterparts .
Furthermore , the metal - based sunscreens used today can pose health hazards .
Zhang notes some studies have shown that the small - scale metal oxides in sunscreen can wind up in organs such as the liver or brain .
Ivy nanoparticles , on the other hand , exhibit better biocompatibility with humans and the environment .
The team 's studies indicate that the ivy nanoparticles were less toxic to mammalian cells , have a limited potential to penetrate through human skin , and are easily biodegradable .
" In general , it is not a good idea to have more metal - based nanoparticles for cosmetic applications .
They are a significant concern for the environment .
Naturally occurring nanoparticles originated from plants seem to be a better choice , especially since they have been demonstrated to be less toxic and easily biodegradable , " Zhang said .
Sunscreens made with ivy nanoparticles may not need to be reapplied after swimming .
That 's because the plant 's nanoparticles are a bit more adhesive so sunscreens made with them may not wash off as easily as traditional sunscreens .
And while sunscreens made with metal - based nanoparticles give the skin a white tinge , sunscreens made with ivy nanoparticles are virtually invisible when applied to the skin .
Zhang worked with assistant professor Zhili Zhang , graduate student Lijin Xia , and post - doctoral research associates Scott Lenaghan and Quanshui Li in the Department of Mechanical , Aerospace and Biomedical Engineering .
Why choose American Recordable Media ?
Now in our 30th year of business , American Recordable Media has sold to over 20,000 clients in the United States and Canada .
Originally a manufacturer of audio cassettes in 1982 , and VHS cassettes in 1987 , our business has moved into optical CD and DVD media .
While we manufacture over 3 dozen types of CD and DVD packaging we also represent some of the best names and brands in the industry , including Philips , JVC , Falcon , and Sony .
WHY STOCKCHARTS
Investing is hard .
We make it easier .
See the markets more clearly , improve your portfolio management , and find promising new opportunities faster than ever before .
Trusted by thousands of online investors across the globe , StockCharts makes it easy to create the web 's highest - quality financial charts in just a few simple clicks .
Create bigger , better , more advanced charts and save them to your account .
Run custom scans to find new trades or investments , and set automatic alerts for your unique technical criteria .
Plus , with daily market commentary from industry - leading technicians , you can follow the experts and see the latest charts they 're watching .
Se expande m�s all � de sus mercados naturales : Buscaglia .
Aumentan operaciones de c�rteles aztecas en EU , Canad� , la UE y Asia
Mi�rcoles 28 de julio de 2010
Doris G�mora | El Universal
Scientists are reporting the first identification of a chemical basis for people ’s preference for certain brands of vodka .
Premium vodka 's popularity among social drinkers may rely upon the high - end liquor 's internal chemical structure , researchers say .
People can apparently detect such subtleties despite vodka appearing both colorless and tasteless .
Chemists analyzed the composition of five popular vodka brands , and found that each brand had different concentrations of certain clusters of molecules , called ethanol hydrates .
Brand preference essentially translates into a preference for a certain distribution of these molecular clusters within the liquor .
" Even in the absence of ' taste ' in the traditional sense , vodka drinkers could express preference for a particular structure , " the researchers wrote in the Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry .
Vodka represents a solution of 40 percent pure ethanol and 60 percent pure water , so that all brands should theoretically have the same faint or undetectable taste .
But the popularity of premium vodka brands in recent years may suggest otherwise .
The puzzle compelled chemistry sleuths at the University of Cincinnati in Ohio to team up with Moscow State University in Russia and try to pinpoint the source of vodka 's appeal .
The new study started with the past work of Russian chemist Dmitri Mendeleev , known for developing the Periodic Table of Elements .
Mendeleev 's 1865 doctoral dissertation had observed that clusters of molecules called hydrates appear in solutions of 40 percent ethanol and 60 percent water .
That proportion of alcohol in classic vodka became enshrined as the legal standard near the end of the 17th century , based upon the Russian Czar 's edict of 1698 .
About a century later , Nobel Prize - winning chemist Linus Pauling suggested that hydrate clusters may consist of an ethanol molecule surrounded by a hydrogen - bonded framework of water molecules .
To follow up on those ideas , in the new study researchers ran tests on vodkas that included Belvedere , Grey Goose , Skyy , Stolichnaya , and OVAL , so that they could get the chemical fingerprints of each brand .
They found that how the different clusters align depends on the proportions of three main players :
Water molecule clusters , ethanol molecule clusters , and temporary , cage - like clusters of ethanol molecules surrounded by water molecules .
Vodka brands with a higher proportion of water molecule clusters may be perceived as watery .
By contrast , other vodka brands had more cage - like clusters of ethanol molecules surrounded by water molecules .
So - called pure ethanol clusters proved rarest of all , because they only appeared when the proportion of alcohol was 44 percent or greater .
The results show that vodka 's legally prescribed 40 percent alcohol content strikes a balance where neither the pure water nor pure alcohol molecular clusters dominate .
Instead , the cage - like structures of ethanol and water represent the most common clusters by far .
Just why each vodka brand differs in terms of these molecular clusters still remains unknown .
But in a toast - worthy development , the researchers have begun using computer simulations to investigate whether trace impurities affect the hydrogen - bonding that forms the links within molecular clusters , which could alter the distribution of the different clusters
Funding for the study came in part from OVAL Getrankproduktions und Vertriebs GMBH , one of the vodka brands examined by the researchers .
The private sector can manage .
Freed from the constraints of an unaffordably large public sector , the economy has the wherewithal to create more than 2 m jobs in the next five years .
That was the gist of the report from the Office for Budget Responsibility ( OBR ) brought forward yesterday in response to the Guardian 's story about the employment losses from George Osborne 's spending cuts .
The OBR 's figures differed slightly from those in yesterday 's Guardian , but not materially so .
It estimates that public - sector employment will drop by 490,000 by 2014 - 15 and by 601,000 by 2015 - 16 .
That is broadly in line with the range of 100,000 - 120,000 jobs lost each year in the leaked Treasury impact assessment .
It gave no specific numbers for the private - sector jobs that would be lost as a result of the knock - on effects of the chancellor 's budget , but the figures in the Guardian story of 120,000 - 140,000 a year have not been challenged .
Despite that hit to jobs , the OBR said that overall employment would pick up in every year from now , rising from 28.89 m to 29.97 m by 2015 .
That 's a net increase of 1.08 m even after the impact of the budget is accounted for , and well over 2 m jobs in all .
If the OBR is right , the economy will be creating jobs at a rate of 400,000 - plus on average in each of the next five years .
This is not impossible , but looks severely testing .
In the recovery of the 1990s , when interest rates were cut aggressively and the pound depreciated by 25 % , it took seven years for employment to grow by 1 m .
In the 13 years of Labour government after 1997 , 2.5 m jobs were created in a period that included a housing boom , a bubble in the City and the creation of 800,000 jobs in the public sector .
Quite rightly , Osborne thinks that the economy should be less dependent on consumer spending and financial services over the coming years , and is seeking a rebalancing of the economy over the next five years .
Even if – and it is a big if – we are about to witness the long - awaited renaissance of British manufacturing , there is unlikely to be a big increase in employment in industry .
Productivity is typically higher in manufacturing than the rest of the economy , and , thanks to the increasing use of hi-tech kit , needs to employ fewer and fewer people for the same amount of output .
So where would the 2 m jobs come from ?
Financial services were never a big generator of employment even in the boom years , and the City is as likely to get smaller as bigger over the next five years .
Construction is also unlikely to expand , as any pick - up in house building and commercial property will be matched by the drying - up of public - sector work .
That leaves only three real motors of growth – retailing , business services , and personal services .
Yet a big increase in two of these sectors – retailing and personal services – requires consumers to have plenty of money in their pockets to hit the high street or to pay for gym - club memberships , beauty treatments and the like .
Yet the OBR 's breakdown of national output shows that consumer spending will grow far less rapidly than in the boom years .
Osborne has been advised that the need to finance big public - sector deficits is crowding out investment in the private sector and that paring back the state will lead to lower interest rates .
It will be cheaper borrowing , the chancellor believes , that will deliver the jobs growth .
The opposing economic camp says crowding out by the public sector is only a factor when the economy is operating at full capacity , when the public and private sectors are competing for resources .
After the longest and deepest recession since the second world war , Britain has plenty of spare capacity .
For the OBR 's forecasts to come good , Osborne needs three things .
He needs interest rates – short and long - term – to stay low .
He needs the international environment to remain benign .
And he needs a lot of good fortune .
To be fair to the chancellor , though , he never said it would be easy .
It would n't have been easy under Labour either .
BERLIN — German flags have sprouted like red , black and gold wildflowers across Berlin this summer .
They 're appearing on balconies , cars , bicycles , storefront windows , even painted on children 's cheeks .
Few can match Youssef Bassal's .
Eager to show his enthusiasm for Germany 's soccer team during the World Cup , Mr. Bassal , a 38 - year old Lebanese immigrant , unfurled a 60 - by - 15 - foot German flag a few weeks ago , on the facade of the building that houses his cell - phone store .
Mr ....
A third raid took place in the city of Leuven , where police officers searched the office of the Adriaenssens committee , an independent body set up by the Church to collect and investigate abuse allegations .
Over 450 files detailing abuse allegations were confiscated .
Mr Ma urged Beijing to adopt " a brand new approach to human rights issues and [ to ] convince the world that the rise of mainland China was peaceful and would embody the universal values of freedom , democracy and human rights . "
Elsewhere another of the leading figures of the 1989 movement , the student activist Wu'er Kaixi who was listed as number two on the government 's " most wanted " list , was arrested trying enter the Chinese embassy in Tokyo .
Research professor Jonathan Jones says his verdict on a potato trial in Norfolk will not be influenced by his past commercial ties to Monsanto
The scientist in charge of a taxpayer - funded trial that may determine whether genetically modified crops will be grown in the UK has been attacked for his close links to the US biotech giant Monsanto .
Professor Jonathan Jones , head of the Sainsbury Laboratory at the John Innes Centre , the UK 's leading plant research centre , has shrugged off the controversy , insisting he has never tried to hide his business relationship with Monsanto or the GM industry .
But as the scientist overseeing the first UK trials of a GM potato , Jones has found himself at the centre of a storm after anti-GM campaigners used social networking sites such as Twitter to highlight the close links between a company he founded , Mendel Biotechnology , and Monsanto .
Mendel 's website states : " Mendel 's most important customer and collaborator for our technology business is Monsanto , the leading agricultural biotechnology company in the world . "
Jonathan Matthews , spokesman for GM
Watch , which campaigns against the technology , said : " The frontman for the latest GM push in the UK is being portrayed as a dedicated public servant doing science in the public interest , but it now appears he not only has vested interests in the success of GM but even commercial connections to Monsanto . "
Helen Wallace , of GeneWatch UK , a scientific campaign group critical of Monsanto , said the US company 's " PR strategy relies on seemingly independent scientists making empty promises about the future benefits of GM crops " .
Jones made no reference to the links in an article he wrote recently for the BBC website that attacked anti-GM campaigners as " fussy eaters " .
He wrote : " Some fear the domination of the seed industry by multinationals , particularly Monsanto .
We need smart , sustainable , sensitive science and technology , and we need to use every tool in our toolbox , including GM . "
In a statement to the Observer , Jones insisted : " It is not true to suggest I have attempted to hide my role as co-founder and science advisory board member of Mendel Biotechnology , which has contracts with Monsanto , Bayer and BP .
The information that I am co-founder … of Mendel has been in the public domain on the Mendel website for at least 10 years . "
He also defended the GM trial in Norfolk , aimed at creating varieties of potato that would not need to be sprayed with fungicides to protect them from blight .
Critics claim the trial , the results of which are likely to be used to " sell " GM technology to the British public , is a waste of money because blight - resistant potatoes have already been produced through other techniques .
" Given the availability of viable alternatives , the GM potato trial increasingly looks like nothing more than a PR stunt , " Matthews said .
But Jones said it would be for the government to decide whether the trial had been a success .
" At the end of the trial we will be able to tell you whether the blight resistance genes we are trialling work , " Jones said .
" I will not be ( and do not want to be ) in a position to dictate whether or not that affects UK policy towards the technology . "
Friends of Jones said that it was unfair to attack him for not stating his links to the GM industry .
" If he does n't restate any links every time he writes a piece , that does n't mean he has n't highlighted them , " said one , pointing to the close links between the organic food lobby and anti-GM campaigners .
" It is frustrating for scientists that journalists only look at scientists ' links and do n't look at other vested interests . "
Experts said there was little alternative for those researching GM crops to work with the likes of Monsanto because the Plant Breeding Institute , the public body that used to research new crops , was privatised under the Thatcher government , meaning scientists working in the field had to develop relationships with the private sector .
It has been claimed that the first GM potatoes could be available to commercial UK growers within five years , if the Norfolk trial is successful .
A 13 - year - old Plymouth boy is facing motor vehicle charges after he crashed his parents ’ van into another vehicle and a building in Braintree yesterday while trying to elude an officer , police said .
Braintree police said in a statement that an officer spotted a white Dodge Caravan at about 9 a.m. at the corner of Union and Washington streets with the hood pushed up .
When police approached , the boy fled in the van .
The youth ran a red light when the officer tried to stop him , police said , and accelerated to about twice the 30 - mile - per - hour speed limit before crashing into the Braintree Rug Co. building at 944 Washington St .
The building suffered damage to its foundation and front entrance , according to the statement .
There was no answer at a number listed for the store last night .
Police said a 49 - year - old woman later told the officer that the van bounced off her vehicle on the passenger side before crashing into the building .
The woman , whose name was not released last night , was taken to South Shore Hospital in Weymouth with a minor injury to her arm , according to the statement .
The boy , who did not appear to be injured , was also taken to South Shore Hospital , police said .
His condition was not known last night .
The boy ’s parents told police that he had taken the van without their permission , Deputy Chief Russell Jenkins said in an e-mail .
The teenager was charged with using a motor vehicle without authority , unlicensed operation , operating to endanger , failure to stop for police , a red light violation , and speeding .
The teenager will be arraigned at the next juvenile session in Quincy District Court , Jenkins said .
It was not immediately clear last night when the next session will be held .
Travis Andersen can be reached at tandersen@globe.com .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Alfred Molina : Reveling In Villainy Again
When I was on my Sorcerer ’s Apprentice set visit last summer for Fandango , I spotted a dapper Alfred Molina ( in Victorian garb as the villainous Maxim Horvath ) and exclaimed to a fellow journo , “ It ’s Doc Ock ! ” Given his dramatic pedigree , that ’s not what my peer would have first thought of , but hey , when I saw Nicolas Cage , I immediately thought , “ Vampire ’s Kiss ! ” I often enjoy people in roles that are not famous or their trademark .
Regardless , Alfred Molina is a first - rate thespian who first came to public attention playing the deceptive guide in the opening of Raiders Of The Lost Ark .
Since then he has amassed an impressive resume with wide - ranging roles in films like Prick Up Your Ears , Maverick , Chocolat , Frida , The Da Vinci Code and , yes , Spider - Man 2 .
He ’s not only an erudite interview but a jokester as well , as I discovered when chatting him up with the press gaggle on set .
This is a very different look than you had in Prince Of Persia .
Shorter hair , no turban , decent suit , an interesting tie .
And the scarab [ broach ] .
My character has different insects .
There ’s this , there ’s a beetle , there ’s a spider on one of the hats .
It ’s kind of a running motif in the movie .
Does he use them in his magic ?
Yeah , he does .
Without giving too much away , there ’s a little moment when he forms out of this massive , roiling pile of beetles .
It ’s a running idea in the movie ; that ’s his way of morphing into this [ me ] .
“ My daughter said , ‘ Wow , Dad , that must have been an amazing day . ’
I said , ‘ A day ?
That took three weeks ! ' ”
Do your character and Nic ’s character have a backstory ?
Yeah , very much so .
They were very old friends , very good friends at one time .
The three of them — the triumvirate of Balthazar , Maxim and Morgana — were the three favorites of Merlin , and at one point they were on the same side .
Something happened , there ’s a terrible cleaving of their friendship , and Balthazar continues to be Merlinian and looking after the good side of things , and my character becomes what we describe as Morganian , which is the dark side .
They ’re in this struggle for power , which has been going on for 1,000 years .
This is the latest manifestation of that crisis between them .
So they go way back .
How does it feel to return to big budget villainy ?
Do you revel in that ?
I love it .
It ’s a very exciting way to work , in a way .
The stories are usually very , very good — if you choose the right ones — and there is a real sense of excitement and fun in this kind of material .
Also , the fact that we ’ve got as our producer Jerry [ Bruckheimer ] , and this is my second movie for him , I ’m getting to know the way he works and operates .
There is a real enthusiasm on that side of the business for this movie and this kind of material , which is very satisfying and supportive because there ’s nothing worse than working your ass on on a film and then finding out that the producers really could n’t give a shit .
They might as well be selling cars .
But here you ’ve got a whole team of people who are really , really committed not just to this material but to this very kind of genre .
This for them is important , worthwhile cinema , so it ’s a good environment to be working in .
It seems like there ’s more humor in this movie .
There ’s a lot of humor in these stories .
I think there has to be because you can ’t… it ’s like a diet of broccoli .
Broccoli is good for you and it ’s really nice , but broccoli all the time is really , really boring .
You ’ve got to have some Mac and cheese now and again .
I think the same thing applies to movies .
If my character spends all his time going “ Grr , ” you ’d get bored after a while .
You have to give it a nice balance , and also these stories lend themselves to a playfulness that keeps them alive and fresh .
Amazon.com Widgets
What ’s it like shooting in New York again ?
It ’s great .
This is one of the most film - friendly towns in terms of facilities and the generosity of the city .
We ’re standing here in the middle of a very large space downtown , just off of Battery Park , Wall Street ’s just over there , and this is in the middle of the working week .
So it ’s pretty amazing .
What do you do in your downtime ?
You ca n’t get bored in New York .
I live here while I ’m shooting .
You ca n’t get bored in this city .
If anyone says to me that they were in New York for three works and were really bored , you start questioning a person ’s intelligence or their capacity to have fun .
It ’s great to be here .
What ’s your favorite place in New York ?
It depends on what I ’m doing .
What did you have in mind ?
If you ’re asking me out on a date …
Night life ?
I ’m in my fifties , so I do n’t have much of a nightlife .
My idea of nightlife is two beers and a newspaper .
But there are some great restaurants here .
What I like finding out is all of the ethnic places to eat — small , little , formica top places .
A nice place where you can get a nice Cuban meal or Vietnamese food .
I find those sorts of places .
In my spare time I go out and check out all the other boroughs to see what ’s going on .
The only one I have n’t been to Staten Island .
I ’ll bet there ’s loads interesting things there .
“ There ’s nothing worse than working your ass on on a film and then finding out that the producers really could n’t give a s**t .
They might as well be selling cars . ”
You mentioned Spider - Man before .
Has there been any talk of bringing back Doc Ock ?
No one ’s mentioned it , and I think it ’s highly unlikely seeing that he died .
Mind you , when the movie came out and we were at the [ SM2 ] premiere in London , I turned around to one of the producers and said , “ It ’s a real shame that I die because I would love to have done another one of these . ”
He did say , “ Oh , characters do n’t die in this universe , they simply disappear . ”
Which I thought held out some hope , but they have n’t called me since , so maybe that was just bullshit .
Could you talk about working with Monica Bellucci ?
She complemented you earlier .
That ’s because I paid her .
I gave her $ 50 to say something nice .
No , she ’s great , she ’s wonderful .
It ’s a testament to the class of this cast .
There ’s a wide range of not just actors and acting styles but actors who are coming in with very , very different backgrounds and very different kind of histories .
I always think that mix is really , really good for a movie .
And she ’s fantastic .
She ’s very beautiful and has got a fantastic way of playing a great combination where she can play sexy and scary at the same time , which is really quite brilliant .
I think we ’re going to exploit that to the max in this movie .
As far as your stunt work , have you been surrounded with fire yet ?
We ’ve done some of that .
I believe we are going to do more of that tonight .
It has to do with when the Wall Street bull comes alive .
There are going to be some great stunts with Nic and I flying through the air and crashing into cars and all that stuff .
You know what it ’s like .
You shoot these sequences in increments .
I remember my daughter being so shocked when she saw a movie fight sequence I was in that did n’t take up much time .
She said , “ Wow , Dad , that must have been an amazing day . ” I said , “ A day ?
That took three weeks ! ”
Related Posts :
Neocons Join The Tea Party
The facts are not entirely clear , but it appears that Dogan was born in the United States to Turkish parents who returned to Turkey not long thereafter .
( The ABC story says he was two years old . )
Apparently Dogan had lived in Turkey with his family since that time .
He apparently was , in other words , a " birthright citizen , " solely by virtue of the fact that his parents were residing in the U.S. when he was born .
If that is the case -- and , again , the facts are not yet entirely clear -- it is silly to call him an " American of Turkish descent . "
He , like the other members of his family , was a Turk .
The idea that his presence among the dead raises a special diplomatic problem is absurd ; if it does , it should n't .
Coincidentally , Scott Rasmussen published a poll this morning that found 58 percent of voters favor the abolition of birthright citizenship .
I think the majority is right on this issue .
Birthright citizenship is an anachronism , and in some respects a dangerous one , in an era when millions of people travel internationally and millions more enter the U.S. illegally , some for the specific purpose of having a baby here .
As for Dogan , it is reported that he was shot five times at close range , four times in the head .
If that is correct , it is reasonable to infer that he was one of those attacking Israeli soldiers with a club , knife or other weapon and was shot in self - defense .
The Times quotes his brother saying , on behalf of the family , " we were not sorry to hear that he fell like a martyr . "
dangerous
four times in the head .
Ratcheting up the debate over immigration in his state , a candidate for the Arizona utilities commission is threatening to cut off power and gas to illegal immigrants if he 's elected .
" It is not a right .
It is a service , " Barry Wong , candidate for the Arizona Corporation Commission , told The Arizona Republic .
The Republican candidate argues that the policy would be a cost - saving measure for consumers .
Though it would cost money for power companies to check immigration status , he said it would ultimately save money because power companies would not have to build new plants to serve the illegal immigrant community , presumably passing on that savings to consumers .
His plan , if elected to the five - person commission , would be to require utilities to check immigration status .
" There is a cost ratepayers should n't have to bear because of the illegal immigrant population , " he said , while acknowledging the idea would probably attract " criticism about human - rights violations . "
More On This ... Obama Immigration Speech Draws Complaints on Both Sides , May Not Move Needle
Though Arizona has drawn praise and criticism alike from all corners of the country for its new law making illegal immigration a state crime , support was hard to come by for Wong 's proposal .
None of the other candidates for the commission would endorse his idea .
The CEO of the Arizona Chamber of Commerce and Industry also blasted Wong in a column in the Republic , accusing him of trying to " score cheap political points " while marking a " new low " in the state 's immigration debate .
" To deny someone access to electricity based on his or her immigration status is not only a wrongheaded policy proposal , it 's just cruel , " Glenn Hamer wrote , calling the candidate 's economic argument " absurd . "
Wong , who was born in the United States , is the son of Chinese immigrants .
He previously served in the Arizona House of Representatives .
It 's not the first time the issue of Arizona 's power supply has come up in the immigration debate .
After the Los Angeles government decided to boycott Arizona in May over its law , Corporation Commissioner Gary Pierce wrote a letter to Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa threatening to cut off power to the city .
Los Angeles and Arizona officials later acknowledged that the state could not unilaterally sever those power contracts .
Live Scores Schedule Players Stats Rankings Money Leaders Photo Wire On TV Gear Instruction Daily Spin Forums Home About Steve Tignor Contact RSS Follow on Twitter Categories Archive The Extraordinary Age 07/12/2010 - 2:52 PM
There are many perverse elements to the tennis season .
We know them well :
It ’s too long , it starts too early , and in the end , rather than rising to a crescendo , it fizzles into obscurity .
But what seems strangest to me at the moment is how , despite that meandering length , the core of the year remains so compressed .
The tournaments that will largely define 2010 in the future , Wimbledon and the French Open , came and went , as they always do , in six short weeks .
Right now it feels as if the year ’s results were decided at one long Paris - to - London , clay - to - grass super - event .
So let ’s take a moment and look at what happened on the men ’s side during that time .
Unlike in the women ’s game , a definitive change took place at the top of the ATP .
Roger Federer went to Paris as the No. 1 player in the world and defending champion at both the French Open and Wimbledon .
He left London ranked No. 3 , and lost in the quarters at both tournaments .
Rafael Nadal went in ranked No. 2 , with virtually nothing to defend .
He came out with both titles and the No. 1 spot likely secured for the rest of the season .
This flip - flop at the top has a couple of noteworthy aspects to it .
First , the Channel Slam — the French - Wimbledon double — has suddenly been rendered routine .
Before 2008 , it had been considered one of the Holy Grails of the men ’s game , a feat only the immortals of old were capable of pulling off .
The last player to do it had been Bjorn Borg , who won the French and Wimbledon back to back from 1978 to ’ 80 .
As the years went by and no one managed to match Borg even one time , his triple - double grew to mythic proportions —
“ How did he possibly do that ? ” was all we could ask after a while .
Now it ’s been done three straight times again : Nadal in 2008 , Federer in ’09 , and Nadal in 2010 .
On the one hand , the improved grass at Wimbledon has played a role in making this possible .
The jump from slow clay to slick , unpredictable turf is not as extreme as it was in Borg ’s day .
Players no longer have to develop their games in one direction or the other , the way Pete Sampras did ; you can succeed on both surfaces with the same power - baseline style .
Still , the fact that two guys have done it in such rapid succession , after such a long dry spell , ca n’t merely be chalked up to a better brand of grass .
To me , their Channel Slams are an example of the extraordinary moment we ’re witnessing in tennis .
We have a male player , Federer , who has won 16 majors and been touted as the best player , both from a statistical and an aesthetic standpoint , in history .
Federer , for good measure , just went six years without losing before the semis at a Slam .
We have another man , Nadal , who is likely the best clay - court player ever ; he won a record 81 - straight matches on the stuff , and has won five French Opens in six tries .
Together Federer and Nadal have locked up the No. 1 and 2 spots for longer than any other pair of men , and , even more remarkably , they 've won 20 of the last 22 majors .
Beyond their rivalry , in the last year we ’ve seen Ivo Karlovic hit a then - unthinkable 78 aces , only to have that record shattered a few months later , by two players , in a single match that lasted five hours longer than any in history .
You might say all of this is just part of the evolution of the sport , and that records are made to be broken .
But you would also have to say that any of the numbers above , taken separately , would be considered outliers .
Put them together and it ’s clear we ’re seeing something special .
The other noteworthy element to this year ’s Channel Slam is that Nadal won both of them in fairly similar fashion , while Federer lost at both of them in very similar fashion .
Nadal has never been more versatile .
He won tactically ( the Wimbledon final ) .
He won with raw consistency and speed ( the French Open final ) .
He won by taking it straight at his bigger - hitting opponent ( against Soderling at Wimbledon ) .
Overall , it appeared that he did n’t believe he could lose , and that ’s a mindset that ’s closer to Federer ’s in his prime than it is to Nadal ’s own normal way of looking at his game .
It ’s clear that Nadal has reached some kind of peak .
It 's not every day that you get to bite the World Cup .
Two questions emerge : Is Nadal the new Federer ?
And if so , can he catch his major - title count ?
I ’ll start by acknowledging that neither of these is in any way answerable , or even semi-predictable .
One thing we know about Nadal is that he has typically peaked around this time in a season , and that he gradually falls off from here .
Up to this point , he has also lacked Federer ’s ability to cruise into the semis at Slams .
It ’s harder work for Rafa all around , and he ’s never gotten as many free points with his serve as Federer has .
He ’ll need to change some part of that equation if he wants to own the sport the way his rival has .
It ’s not beyond the realm of possibility .
In 2005 , it would have been difficult to imagine Nadal ever winning a Wimbledon final , let alone winning one without being broken .
As for Federer , we know that he has recovered from a defeat at Wimbledon in 2008 and come back to win the next Slam , the U.S. Open .
We ’ll know more after this Open , and at the end of the year , about whether these patterns are ready to be broken , and new ones more favorable to Nadal put in place .
I ’d be surprised to see Rafa dip precipitously this time , and I 'd also be surprised if Federer does n’t revive himself and play better tennis in the second half of the year .
Losing to guys he ’s owned for years should provide some of the motivation that may have been missing after his record - breaking 2009 .
Will it be enough for Federer to significantly add to his Slam total over the next few years , and put it out of reach of Nadal ?
Federer has said he ’ll play at least until the 2012 London Olympics , and likely beyond .
He ’ll be 31 that summer , which means he could potentially play for three or four years after that .
A lot will depend on his status in the game at that point .
If he ’s a perennial quarterfinalist , overpowered by the big men on a regular basis , I do n’t see him sticking around for long ; it would be tough for someone of his stature to swallow .
But I also do n’t see his game dropping off as quickly as Sampras ’ did after 30 , or Edberg ’s did in his late 20s .
The only player who has , as of this moment , surpassed him is Nadal .
Murray and Djokovic have been treading water , del Potro seems to be fragile , and while Soderling and Berdych have beaten Federer , they ’re not marching past him in the rankings anytime soon .
There ’s also no teenager on the horizon who appears ready to blow the whole thing up .
I 'd say Federer will win between one and five more majors .
It 's hard to be more specific than that , but for the sake of this article , I ’ll guess that , barring serious injury , he 'll retire with 19 Slams .
Can Nadal get to 19 ?
It ’s seems unlikely that , at 24 , he has 11 more majors in him .
OK , can he get to 16 ?
Federer turned 24 one month after Wimbledon in 2005 .
Notice that that tournament represented a peak moment for him as well ; Federer blitzed Andy Roddick in the most one - sided of his Wimbledon final wins ( he would play Nadal in that round for the first time in ' 06 ) .
It ’s hard to believe , but that was only Federer ’s fifth major title .
From that point until the beginning of 2008 , from ages 24 to 26 , he would go on a serious tear , one that no one had seen since Borg ’s glory years of ’ 78 to ’ 80 .
Federer won seven of nine majors and vaulted into contention for Sampras ’ Slam record .
Nadal , who is ahead of Federer ’s pace by three at the moment , does n’t need to match that run .
Which is a good thing , because it ’s borderline - unmatchable , even for a normal , clear - cut No. 1 . Nadal is virtually assured of winning more French Opens — I ’ll say three more ; if that seems conservative for a guy who ’s lost one match there in his career , it ’s only because he ’s made winning in Paris look easier than it is , and easier than it ’s going to be even for him in the future .
With the other Slams , it ’s harder to say .
Based on his past results , which have until now been more up - and - down than dominant , I ’d give him two more each in Australia and at Wimbledon , and two at the U.S. Open .
That brings Nadal to a total of 17 .
Somehow that number seems high when you put all the Slams together — can the guy really win nine more ?
It took him five years to win the eight that he has .
But individually , 3 , 2 , 2 , 2 sounds reasonable for his future at 24 , does n't it ?
And like I said , all bars have been raised in this era .
Recurring knee injuries could make this number much lower ; we ’ve always said Nadal 's style was hard on him , and it ’s already robbed him of potential major titles .
But so far it has n’t sidelined him for an extended period .
He keeps getting back up , and I ’d expect this pattern to continue .
At the same time , Nadal could be entering a period of Federer - like , two - Slams - per- season period of dominance , which would make his career total higher .
Whatever his final number , I think it will be lower than Federer ’s final number .
No matter how young he is , eight is going to be a tough number to erase .
Judging from the past , the one thing we can count on from Federer and Nadal is that the guy who is being counted out is the guy we need to watch out for .
In July 2010 , that guy is Federer .
In the race for Grand Slam supremacy , it ’s Nadal .
If they ’ve taught us anything , it ’s to look forward to the extraordinary .
Tweet 496
Comments 1 2 3 4 5 >>
Posted by MZK
07/12/2010 at 03:36 PM
I think Federer has altered the landscape of what is ' normal ' in tennis .
Nadal would still be an all - time great even if he never lifted another Slam trophy .
( Just look at who he 's pulled even with : Lendl , Connors , and Agassi . )
I 'm confused at all the talk now about whether he can get to 16 - or the 19 that you 've extrapolated .
Why should he have to ?
I 'm just concerned that somehow it will look as though Nadal underachieved if he does n't meet these pie - in - the - sky predictions , when in fact he 's achieved more than many of us imagined just a few years ago .
Let 's give credit on that basis .
He does n't have to exist in the same breath as Federer all the time - it's bad enough certain people still compare their records as they stand now as though there were n't a five - year age difference .
Just my thoughts , anyhow .
Not actual criticism about this otherwise nice post .
First sentence of the last paragraph is golden , by the way .
Posted by miri
07/12/2010 at 04:31 PM
MZK - I could n't agree more .
Rafa 's already won more Majors than some of the all - time greats of the game .
Samprass and Federer are clearly the exceptions to the rule here .
It only kind of feels otherwise because Fed came so soon after Samprass .
If we'd have to wait the same difference between Fed breaking the Samprass Major as , say the repeat of the Channel - slam , I think it would be easier to see that .
Posted by Sherlock 07/12/2010 at 04:47 PM
Nice article , Steve .
With all apologies to the FOOPs out there , it 's nice to take a step back from all the Fedal sniping and ponder the greatness of these two guys .
" I 'd say Federer will win between one and five more majors .
It 's hard to be more specific than that , but for the sake of this article , I ’ll guess that , barring serious injury , he 'll retire with 19 Slams . "
I agree .
Fed 's not done by a long shot .
But as you say , so much depends on health .
Fed 's , Nadal's , and Delpo's , especially .
Posted by Game Lover 07/12/2010 at 05:26 PM
Yay Stevo !
I like what you said about Rafa !
Even about Roger ... Vamos !
And when was the last time you 've played ?
Posted by reckoner
07/12/2010 at 05:45 PM
i plead the 5th Posted by reckoner
07/12/2010 at 05:46 PM
i plead the 5th ( comment ) Posted by lilscot
07/12/2010 at 05:49 PM
Wow , great piece Steve .
Actually gave me some goose bumps in parts . :)
Posted by heythereman
07/12/2010 at 05:51 PM
The only thing I can be certain about is that all these predictions will be wrong .
But it 's fun to think about what these two - as you say , Steve - extraordinary men can do .
I think at the end of the day , these are the two best tennis players in history .
Yes , I really think Nadal will reach that status .
Posted by Andrew 07/12/2010 at 05:55 PM
Nadal and Federer are two greats of the Open Era , and we 've been lucky that for a period of about 5 years they 've played some of their best tennis at the same time .
That said , the first half of 2010 has been a bit disappointing , because I hoped we were really in for a Golden Era : if Nadal , Federer , Djokovic , Murray , Soderling , Del Potro , Davydenko and Roddick were playing close to their best , what a feast !
But of these guys , only Nadal has been reasonably consistent ( and outstanding since the clay season began ) .
Federer and Murray looked the part in Melbourne , but not since ; Del Potro and Davdenko have had long injury breaks ; Djokovic is more volatile than Greek government bonds , Roddick had one bright spell in the US , and Soderling repeated the F spot at Roland Garros , but has n't won a big title .
Ah , what might have been ...
Posted by David 07/12/2010 at 05:59 PM
I 've thought for a few years now that Federer and Nadal may very well be the two best players of all - time , by whichever criteria you employ to solve that particular hypothetical conundrum .
How lucky are we that their careers have overlapped ?
Posted by Carolinagirl 07/12/2010 at 06:05 PM
Very nice article , but Rafa is not the new Federer .
He and his accomplishments stand alone .
Posted by TheMightyFunk 07/12/2010 at 06:06 PM
Thanks for this Steve .
Crystal ball - gazing blended with a balanced perspective and a dash of eloquence makes for excellent reading .
I 'm really looking forward to the HC season the rest of the year .
So many interesting storylines to follow and not just surrounding Federer and Nadal ...
Andrew -
Left a comment for you on the last post ...
Posted by Carolinagirl 07/12/2010 at 06:07 PM
Sorry I realize my statement was ambiguous .
Rafa and his accomplishments stand alone !
Posted by Corrie 07/12/2010 at 06:25 PM
" But I also do n’t see his game dropping off as quickly as Sampras ’ did after 30 , or Edberg ’s did in his late 20s . "
But Federer 's game already has dropped considerably over the last year and particularly the last few months , whereas I seem to remember Sampras had a long slow decline with one great breakout when he won his last USOpen .
Inconsistency is the name of the game now , for Federer , with increasing injuries , like Sampras , complicating things .
I can't see either him or Nadal reaching 19 , and really , what does it matter ?
They 've both achieved great and amazing things and given us an incredible era .
Posted by Andrew 07/12/2010 at 06:26 PM
The MightyFunk ( should I call you TMF .... hmm , lese majeste ) - reply posted on prior thread .
Posted by Osegura 07/12/2010 at 06:43 PM
I have a feeling that Nadal is starting to think about his place in history , the way Federer started few years ago and this will give him tremendous motivation .
And definitively see Nadal more focused on GS rather than MSs to avoid extra load in his knees .
I´m a Nadal fan , but I do n't see him surpassing Federer 's record at the end of their careers .
However , I see him very close to Federer ( probably with 3 or 4 GSs fewer ) .
Then the discussion will start : who is the greatest ?
the guy with 16 GSs ( so far ) or the guy that defeated Mr. 16 2 out of 3 times they played each other ?
Then we will talk ......
Posted by Nam1 07/12/2010 at 06:44 PM
Will Nadal cathch Federer 's 16 ( maybe more slams ) ; I dont think so but he doesnt have to .
He is already established as one of the Greats of the game ; and very unique in his own way ; when was the last time we had a No. 1 player , threatening to bite into the FIFA World Cup ?!!
This guy appeals to a much larger audience than tennis followers and for that reason tennis is lucky to have him to popularize the sport .
Posted by Nam1 07/12/2010 at 06:54 PM
" Based on his past results , which have until now been more up - and - down than dominant , I ’d give him two more each in Australia and at Wimbledon , and two at the U.S. Open .
That brings Nadal to a total of 17 . "
I think this is way overestimated but for Rafa 's sake I hope Steve is right .
I think that Rafa may win a total of 12 slams max if he stays injury free , I should say if he manages his injuries well .
Posted by latino
07/12/2010 at 06:54 PM
Vamos Rafa ! VAMOS ESPAÑA !
WORLD CHAMPIONS !!
Posted by tim
07/12/2010 at 06:58 PM
I 'm a huge Fed fan and love to watch him play .
I think he still might have 1 or 2 more slams left .
The reason being is the competition level is getting tougher .
However I think Rafa has a great chance of winning enough slams to surpass Federer .
He is beating players that have already beaten the Federers , the Jockovics , the Roddicks , and so on .
Just when I start to doubt him he just continues to dominate all players .
his athletic skills coupled with his tennis skills were fully evident in the last 2 slams .
I look forward to watching these 2 players for years to come .
Posted by wilson75
07/12/2010 at 07:00 PM
Corrie : I do n't know about Sampras going into a slow decline .
Did n't he go a year without winning a title before winning his last Grand Slam .
At this point , Federer has won a title every year since his first title in 2001 .
Steve :
All I have to say is that if we could predict the future we would be multi-millionaires .
I do n't know how many Nadal or Federer will win by the time they both end their careers .
But I 'm going to enjoy watching them .
Presumably both may retire around the same time as Rafa is on record saying that he can't see himself playing after 30 and Federer says he wants to play until 35 .
We 'll see .
Posted by court1234
07/12/2010 at 07:10 PM
It 's funny but it really was n't until the Sampras Era that anyone thought the ultimate measuring stick was total of Majors won .
I mean , Roy Emerson had the record for 30 plus years at 12 and nobody realistically put him on the short list of the all - time greats .
The reality is that it 's only been since the late ' 80s that it became deregeuer for ATP players to play all 4 Majors ..
There are actually several ways that Nadal could get into legitimate contention with Federer for GOAT honors without equaling 16 Majors .
The catch is they might be even more difficult then getting 16 Majors ...
One way would be to win all four Majors in a row or a calender Grand Slam .
If 's he's healthy the big issue is if he 's finally overcome his USO Hard court demons .
Hard to tell until Rafa actually does it .
The other way , would be " IF " he finally conquered the USO and could win a couple of them and won the AO and Wimbledon once or twice more .
Winning ALL the Majors twice or Three times is something not even Federer has on his resume .
Of course if Federer wins the French Open one more time all bets are off .
Posted by tk 07/12/2010 at 07:24 PM
Great article .
Finally , an article that raises both men instead of choosing one over the other .
I enjoy watching both players and regardless of who ends up with more slams , they will both be considered as two of the greatest .
Earlier this year , there were many articles written about who the greatest tennis player of the past decade , man and woman , was .
One writer actually chose Venus over Serena .
His distinguishing criteria was what that player did to change the sport , not how many statistics they finished first in .
Having said that , I would , eventually , choose Roger over Rafa .
Roger has done more to raise the level of the sport and the level of the game .
Rafa is as good as he is because he had to be to beat Roger .
Tennis , as a brand , has also been elevated because Roger was comfortable in his role as a representative of the brand .
Roger has extended the reaches of tennis beyond the courts , farther than any other tennis player in history .
Greatest of all time ?
That 's debatable .
Most influential of all time .
No debate .
That 's Roger Federer .
Posted by ladyjulia
07/12/2010 at 07:29 PM
Great post , Steve .
Its an intriguing question and its fun to predict the career arc of both players .
I would n't put it past Rafa to exceed Roger 's total slam count in the end .
Confidence is a brutal thing ... when you have it , you can conquer anything and the world ... when its not there , it drags you down worse .
Right now , Rafa is on a huge confidence wave .
I think Roger will win atleast three or more majors by 2012 .
2009 was remarkable in more ways than one for Fed , coz he was in the finals of ALL the four slams .
If you put yourself in contention that many times , you are bound to win once or twice .
It was n't the first time for him , but as he gets older , this does mean quite a lot .
Posted by Sherlock 07/12/2010 at 07:29 PM
" Roy Emerson had the record for 30 plus years at 12 and nobody realistically put him on the short list of the all - time greats .
The reality is that it 's only been since the late ' 80s that it became deregeuer for ATP players to play all 4 Majors . "
Great point .
Poor Roy can't even get a seat at the round table . :)
Influence is tricky to measure .
Arthur Ashe was fairly influential .
Posted by Euphemism
07/12/2010 at 07:31 PM
I think Nadal 's mentality has been interesting to watch evolve .
At the beginning , he played with the kind of brash , heedless confidence reserved for the very young or the very foolish - I remember watching him play the early rounds of his first Roland Garros and thinking he had the same kind of " hey , this is actually pretty easy , why the hell could n't I win ? " attitude that Becker had in Wimbledon in ' 85 .
And that happy - go - lucky philosophy carried him through for a couple of years .
But then his body started to break down , he lost matches to inferior players who could simply overpower him ( Youzhny , Blake ) , and he realized that maybe it 's not all that easy after all .
Now , finding his best form again after coming through that ( relatively ) rough patch , he's in a position to appreciate it more , and his confidence comes not from ignorance , but from well - deserved pride in his accomplishments , which is a lot more endearing and impressive .
( And I say that as a Federer fan . )
Posted by ladyjulia
07/12/2010 at 07:38 PM
I doubt if you can say that Fed was the most influential of all .
Sure ..he showed that for a physique ( where his rib cage shows ) with anorexic arms .. having a genius mind , and a magician like ability ... and determination ... can make you one of the greatest athletes in the world .
Fed will be known for his mind - boggling consistency ... but most influential , I doubt .
Influential in what way ?
To encourage youngsters to fly above the court ... to glide effortlessly ?
To take ridiculous amount of risk when the biggest moment comes ?
Who gets away with that ?
Sure ... he has shown that things can be done ... things that are hard to imagine ( 23 SF ) can be done .
But he is most likely going to be a player to be revered rather than copied .
I have a feeling that its hard to copy him .
At least , that is why I do n't find him an influential figure ... from the perspective of emulating .
Posted by Vie 07/12/2010 at 07:39 PM
Euphemism , your post resonates with me .
Posted by Frances
07/12/2010 at 07:42 PM
I need to read this tonight !
Posted by Nick 07/12/2010 at 08:00 PM
Here 's the issue about all of these predictions .
Right after this year 's Australian Open , how many people predicted that : * Federer was now on course to reach what had eluded him : The Calendar Grand Slam ?
* Nadal was clearly not over the knee issue , and after the awful indoor campaign last fall , was finished ?
And here we are 5 months later , and many such predictions like this and others have proved worthless .
Federer has n't won since Australia - and his losses get uglier ; Nadal has resurrected himself from the abyss - again - but how sustainable is that knee he keeps telling us needs " treatment " between events ?
Murray has discovered his grand - scale junkballing is gonna be real hard to sustain to win 7 Best of Five Set Matches in two weeks , and is even more dour than he already was ; Del Potro has n't played since Australia and might not again this year - and who knows what he 'll play like when he gets back ?
Roddick proved he can put up a short run of good results and then flame out again ; ditto Soderling - who can reach Major Finals as easily as he can lose his opening match - which he 's done in 4 tournaments this year alone ; and Djokovic keeps finding ways to flatter , only to deceive , the fire in his belly clearly now down to a flicker .
Predicting at this point for this group ?
Go right ahead .
But ask yourself who would have predicted , or did predict , anything we 've seen so far this year ?
Let 's see a show of hands ...
Posted by doogansquest
07/12/2010 at 08:04 PM
I was in a class with a die - hard Nadal fan the other day who has the greatest respect for Federer .
He said he feels their h2h is overblown and dramatically skewed by their clay meetings .
( ie : Fed 's up 5 - 4 on all other surfaces , and 4 - 1 after the month of June )
This gentleman had a great knowledge of the sport .
When I asked him what he thought of Federer 's recent trend , to which he replied , " I just think he 's lacking for motivation right now .
But I suspect he 'll win 3 - 4 more majors through 2012 and then hand them up . "
It was a great discussion .
I personally think Nadal will get to 12 - 13 .
A healthy Del Potro will wipe Nadal out of several events each year , and we know Djokovic and Murray own the Spaniard on hard courts .
Nadal 's a shoe in for more victory on the red stuff , however , hence the high prediction .
Federer will still be the GOAT even when Nadal is done .
Posted by CPM
07/12/2010 at 08:10 PM
ladyjulia , I think both Federer and Nadal broke their respective molds , but one place they could prove influential on the development of the men's game going forward is showing how potent an advantage good footwork can be .
To my mind , it 's what sets them apart from every other player on tour , and why Federer is , and I 'd bet Nadal will eventually be , considered among the very best to have ever played the game .
Is that kind of footwork teachable ?
Well , you could 've taken me as a wee babe and worked with me for my entire young life , and I 'd still be a graceless oaf , I 'd wager ; but I think it 's more teachable than , say , growing up to be 6 ' 7 " .
------
Steve , Great post -- the reason why fans have Fedal spats and not Fedpo or Nadurray or whatever spats is because these two have made , and are still making , a profligately excellent patch of tennis .
And to toss my hat into the speculative ring , I 'd guess Nadal will end up in the Borg - Sampras range of majors .
Not Federer level ( and 19 - 20 sounds about right to me for his final tally ) , by any means -- but not too shabby , either .
So if Nadal 's gonna make the GOAT issue a fight worth having ( and it 's so obviously not , but if we can't argue about useless things in sport , what useless things can we argue about * ? ) , he 's going to need to do things like make the Clay - GOAT argument air - tight ; win one or two more channel slams ; finish the career slam , preferably twice over ( so two USOs & another AO ) ; and pulling of a calendar slam makes him an instant contender , in my book .
Those are going in roughly decreasing order of likelihood .
* Suggested answer : art .
Posted by John
07/12/2010 at 08:21 PM
I personally think Nadal will get more than 13
Sorry to say but Del Potro is going to have a hard time to play enough well after his bad wrist injury and of course he wont wipe Nadal out in the future and we know that Djokovic and Murray have a very hard time to beat a healthy Nadal on any surface
Nadal plays so great on clay as on grass
To Federer will be very dificult to be a GOAT , alway there is someone else Posted by CPM 07/12/2010 at 08:23 PM
" A healthy Del Potro will wipe Nadal out of several events each year , and we know Djokovic and Murray own the Spaniard on hard courts . "
The first part looks overblown to me -- not least because how long it 's going to take Delpo to get back on form , how well he can stay fit and injury - free , and whether he can match his USO form consistently are all very much open questions .
If the answers are " not long , " " quite well , " and " yes , he can " -- well , I 'd say all the guys on tour are on notice on the hard courts .
But it 's a pity he's not around currently ; I 'd like to see both guys on form going at it .
( And by " at it , " I mean play tennis .
This is n't a slashfic site yet , people . )
Second part : some facts , and a suggested conclusion .
Nadal 's H2H on HC vs Murray : 4 - 3 , Nadal .
Nadal 's H2H on HC vs Djokovic : 7 - 5 , Djokovic .
This word , " owning " -- it does not mean what you think it means .
Posted by Prakash Sri 07/12/2010 at 08:39 PM
Steve , Great article and realistic and meaningful predictions .
Here is one difference that I thought should share with you folks .
When Fed. was in fire for few years there was no close 2 to my knowledge and it was a pure domination and I recall folks getting board of seeing Fed. rolling over barring RG .
But with Rafa that is not the case .
Clearly Murray , Dvjockvic and Del Patro ( in the future ) are younger than him and have all the weapons to be a contender for Nadal .
Nadal would probably be coming very close to Fed I think but the next couple of years time will surely tell depending upon how the Mighty Fed. will perform .
Even in Clay Nadal 's dominance has come down to a good level compare to the last few years .
So it is going to be an interesting next couple of years and the rest of the season may provide some good leads .
Posted by TheMightyFunk 07/12/2010 at 08:45 PM
Thanks Andrew @ 6:26 pm. he he ... TMFunk and TMF2 have been used in the recent past if you do n't want to type the whole thing :)
Posted by lilscot
07/12/2010 at 08:45 PM
Man , it is soooo refreshing to see such harmony on this story .
These two great men will forever be tied together and it's so nice to see some celebrating of the two of them , not one against the other .
I mean , how frikkin ' lucky are we to be witness to not just one , but two geniuses in the same era .
We should stop all the bickering and get down on our hands and knees and thank the tennis gods for what we have . :)
Posted by john10 07/12/2010 at 08:46 PM
1 . If Nadal ends his career with more slams than Federer , its a done deal , hes the GOAT .
2 . If Federer ends his career with , lets say , 4 - 5 more slams , you have to give him GOAT status .
Even though i think you can't really compare generations , i think people will spit out Federer , just like they do for Jordan .
2 . But if Nadal ends within 1 - 2 or tied , i think Nadal gets the edge .
If you think Federer still is the Goat , you have to look at the slams Nadal has won so far .
He had to beat Federer ( the GOAT ) in 6 of the 8 slams hes won .
Thats impressive any way you look at it .
Posted by lilscot
07/12/2010 at 08:48 PM
Man , there 's nothing worse than typing a nice post and then have it disappear !
Anyway , what a refreshing thing to see such harmony here on such a nice story .
To sum up my last post , we should all get down on our hands and knees and thank the tennis gods that we have been blessed with not one , but two great maestros of the sport .
They will forever be tied together , for better or worse , in tennis history .
It 'll be a sad day when they both hang up their rackets .
Posted by TheMightyFunk 07/12/2010 at 08:49 PM
doogansquest - " and 4 - 1 after the month of June " - Now that 's the kind of thinking I like ... a fresh new perspective on the H2H debate ...:)
Posted by Sher 07/12/2010 at 08:56 PM
oh man , typed a post up , inclueded the dreaded g- o-d word , and poof .
So basically the answer to your question , Steve , is no .
Nadal is different from Federer , and he does n't need to be the new Federer .
He can be the Rafael Nadal .
Posted by ladyjulia
07/12/2010 at 09:02 PM
CPM , Sure , learning the footwork .. it will make some difference .
We will have to see ... if there is somebody who comes along and dominates like them .
A pair together , for five years , for 20 / 22 slams .
Posted by aussiemarg [ Madame President in Comma Rehab for 2009 ]
07/12/2010 at 09:05 PM
Steve
Thanks .
Interesting post as usual .
Well in essence one has to have a " crystal ball " to determind how many slams these 2 great tennis athletes will have .
I prefer to sit and wait till each retire from the game and then to ascess their preformances which I feel is fair to both players .
At the present time Roger with his impressive GS titles of 16 is by far head and heels above the rest .
In saying that Rafa at just 24 years of age also has a impressive resume .
He has at present made " history " in a lot of his tournaments as we have all witnessed .
We have all had the pleasure of watching these 2 fine men playing one another .
We are indeed lucky to have them in our game .
I think we will appreciate them more for what they have brought to the game when they both hang up their racquets .
In the meantime lets just sit back and watch both Roger and Rafa .
Posted by Rockin' Robin
07/12/2010 at 09:16 PM
Steve , I think your estimates about Nadal 's slam winning capabilities is right on , but saying Fed will win 3 more may be a bit high ( I think he wins two more ... and maybe , only one more ) .
My final guess is Fed finishes with 18 slams .
Ok. Onto Nadal .
Nadal will win 4 more french opens I think , 3 more wimbledons , 2 australians , and 1 U.S. That would put Nadal 's total at ...... 18 . They could very well TIE for most grand slams , which would set off a huge HUGE debate bout which is the GOAT .
And I think most tennis analysts would have to say Nadal , due to the H2H against Federer .
The point is , there has never been a greater time to watch tennis because when all the dust clears and the two of them retire we will all say these were the 2 greatest tennis players of all time .
and THEY PLAYED IN THE SAME ERA .
Absolutely incredible .
Posted by Voltaire
07/12/2010 at 09:21 PM
Steve - Nice contemplative piece .
Especially the sign - off is excellent ' If they ’ve taught us anything , it ’s to look forward to the extraordinary . '
Roger / Rafa made extraordinary look routine ... that 's as concrete a sign of true greatness as they come !
Like Fed 's fans always insist that everyone needs to look beyond h2h with Rafa and appreciate GOATness of Fed ... methinks
Rafa should also be not be weighed down who won more slams logic .
These two are so special in their own , most unique ways that we need really , really to stop the tabulated comparison and enjoy the ' extraordinary age ' that they begot us .
Rafa 's resurgence is almost like a partial rebirth for folks like me who are so gladdened by the reaffirmation of belief that Rafa belongs to the very special category of true greats who have incredible achievements magnified even more by their incredibel humility !
We should be just greatful that Roger and Rafa can still keep winning GSs by playing their outta world brand tennis .
Posted by Blake 07/12/2010 at 09:26 PM
Welcome back Steve , you were missed .
Posted by I Come From Anon
07/12/2010 at 09:33 PM
Oh come on , guy peaks during this time of the year all the time .
If he changes his style more ( or his tournament planning ) , maybe he'd get that far .
But if not , just judging him based on the previous years , he 'd peak for half the year and crap out for the rest of the year ( whether it 's earlier like the Australian or his normal time around the French .. ) .
How much longer will his knees last ?
Either he 's making excuses all the time , or he 's playing through a lot of pain which does n't bode well for his longevity , I do n't see Nadal winning 3,2,2,2 . ... Unless he goes through some more " knee injection treatments . "
Posted by thooz
07/12/2010 at 09:36 PM
I do n't see Nadal winning more Majors than Sampras , unless he gets bionic knees .
And if he does n't win the US open this year or the next , he 'll never win it , in my humble opinion .
As for Fed , he needs to get hungry again real fast and put the family on the back burner .
The mark of a great champion is to be ruthless .
Posted by John
07/12/2010 at 09:45 PM
Shér +10000000 Posted by Rafa Rules
07/12/2010 at 09:48 PM
good post Posted by SwissMaestro 07/12/2010 at 09:57 PM
Can Nadal match Federer 's Grand Slam Record ?
To me it is highly unlikely just because I do n't think anyone could ever possibly play to a such high level for such an extended period of time .
No player can soar higher than Federer in 2006 , I mean going 92 - 5 ?
I mean , come on , pleaaaaase ....
Posted by Evelyn
07/12/2010 at 09:59 PM
I actually am tired of all the pre-occupation on these men .
Let 's remember , Margaret Court holds 24 Grand Slams , Steffi 22 , and Steffi won a 1988 Golden Slam , Margaret a 1970 Grand Slam
Steffi won at least 4 of each Grand Slam So , congratulations Roger .
You are only 6 Grand Slams behind Steffi and 8 behind Margaret
Congratulation Rafa .
You are only 2 behind Chris Evert at the French , and 5 behind Steffi at Wimbledon Posted by aussiemarg [ Madame President in Comma Rehab for 2009 ]
07/12/2010 at 10:08 PM
Evelyn He He Yes people all tend to forget Margaret Court and her career 62 GS titles in total 24 singles titles still holds the record today .
The other titles a combination of doubles amd mixed doubles titles .
Has won more titles than any man or women current Okay lets go back to the men .
Posted by kym
07/12/2010 at 10:14 PM
All the talk about Federer - Nadal and Maradona - Pele as the two biggest rivals in tennis and soccer always comes to the final question :
Who are the better of the pairs ?
This question is harder to answer for soccer because Maradona and Pele can never play in a same match .
But for tennis fans , we have the answer for the Federer - Nadal pair because they have played against each other .
Bearing in mind that Nadal was born five years later than Federer .
If he is of the same age of Federer , would Federer win 16 grand slams ?
We can answer this question quite clearly : No , Federer would probably win 12 grand slams or stick at the unlucky number of 13 .
If Federer and Nadal were born in same era of Agassi - Sampras , will the American pair win 8 and 13 grand slams ?
The answer is no : Agassi would have won 1 and 2 for Sampras .
In tennis , we cannot only compare the number of grand slam titles but also the Master cup 1000 titles .
It is true that a grand slam title is harder to win because one has to win 7 matches and the best of five sets .
But a grand slam title is played for two weeks , not one , and every other day not every day .
So if we count the number of Master cup 1000 titles , then we know who the best tennis player of all the time is : Rafael Nadal .
Half - way though his career , he already leads in this category .
Sampras got to number 13 because he did not play a lot to get an injury .
He did not win the French title .
Agassi was lucky to win his Wimbledon .
Can anyone dare to say that Nadal will not win the US title ?
To win in a competition , one needs to have weapon .
Sampras can only serve , and his serve is nothing compared to today 's standard .
Ivo Karlovic serves better than him , and of course so do John Isner and Nicolas Mahut .
As for the jealous American , Agassi has no weapon .
The weapon of Federer is he can play his backhand as well as his forehand .
He can hit a running backhand easily , and he can hit a winner from everywhere on the court .
Because he plays the one - handed backhand and he is not as muscular as Nadal , his backhand only has precision not strength .
So his game is vunerable to Nadal 's game .
Nadal is a southpaw with strength and heavy top spin ball is a killer for Federer 's backhand .
So Nadal can beat Federer easily .
As for other players like Murray , Djockovic , Del Potro , Berdych , Soderling , these players also do not have special weapon .
So they might be lucky to win one or two grand slams , but they will not dominate .
With today 's standard , to win one slam is not an easy chore either .
You have to hit thunderous forehands from the baseline like Del Potro .
He won one grand slam and got sidelined for a year with a wrist surgery .
The other players - Murray , Djockovic , Berdych , Soderling - have not tried these thunderous forehands yet ; so no grand slams for them .
Like Berdych said : Nadal 's weapon is his left hand .
To win more grand slams , however , Nadal ’s game has to change and it has .
His serve is now much better .
He can win more free points easily , without taxing his body .
So we hope that we wo n't see his injury flares up again .
Posted by TheMightyFunk 07/12/2010 at 10:23 PM
Bollettieri in Fed 's corner - who wudda thunk it !
http://tinyurl.com/26aekex
Posted by aussiemarg [ Madame President in Comma Rehab for 2009 ]
07/12/2010 at 10:31 PM
TMF
That was posted on Petes current post
As I stated then if anyone was watching the final at Halle one could see Rogers movement wasnt there .
He was not making excuses he was just stating the obvious in his press interview .
Posted by TheMightyFunk 07/12/2010 at 10:43 PM
oh , ok , thanks AM , did n't realise that .
I just found it amusing that Nick was standing up for the Fed .
I have this image of Bollittieri as Elaine Benice 's dad to Federer 's Sienfeld in Sienfeld - did n't think he'd care much for Fed 's " whining " :)
Posted by CL 07/12/2010 at 10:45 PM
" Sampras can only serve , and his serve is nothing compared to today 's standard . "
Is this a serious statement ?
Because is is just so wrong in so many different ways it would be hard to list them all .
This one is pretty good too : " Agassi has no weapon .
" I mean , ' cuz , worse case scenario ?
There is always Steffi .
Posted by David 07/12/2010 at 10:48 PM
Speculation , while fun , is IMO irrelevant .
As previously stated , who would have imagined 5 months ago Rafa would be dominating mid-season while Federer would slip to # 3 in the rankings !
By the end of the 2010 Nadal may be injured again and Federer could be the reigning USO champion .
Let the season , and these two wonderful champion 's careers , play out AND then let the debate begin is the true " GOAT " .
As a die - hard Nadal fan I just want him to stay healthy and complete the career slam .
As an admirer of Roger and his amazing accomplishments , I would like him to stay near the top of the game until the unfortunate day he retires .
As fans of tennis , we all should keep our heads in the present and enjoy what we are blessed to witness from these two !
Posted by aussiemarg [ Madame President in Comma Rehab for 2009 ]
07/12/2010 at 10:52 PM
THM LOL !
see even Italians like Nick can be observant Posted by CL 07/12/2010 at 10:53 PM
TMFunk - I was the one who posted the link over at Pete's ... found it , as with most , if not all things Federelated , at RF.com .
What I found interesting ... besides what Nick , ( not one of my favs ) , had to say , was that the author of the piece acknowledged that there had been a certain amount of ' silly season ' stuff written about Fed 's remarks after he lost .
I was glad about that , because judging by some of the remarks that flew around here and at Pete's , I was concerned that I had indeed slipped into tin foil hat wearing territory and was seeing criticism ... unfair criticism imo , where there was none .
Nice that someone esle ... not a poster here , saw some of the same things .
Posted by aussiemarg [ Madame President in Comma Rehab for 2009 ]
07/12/2010 at 10:54 PM
Thank goodness NP or Imjimmy arent around to hear that statement about Pistol Pete lol !
Posted by TheMightyFunk 07/12/2010 at 11:01 PM
AM , CL , agreed .
I too was pleasantly surprised to find that rare article that went beyond the indignation at Federer bringing up injury as a factor in his loss to acknowledging that it may actually have been a factor ...
Posted by Jai 07/12/2010 at 11:10 PM
" Nadal 's H2H on HC vs Djokovic : 7 - 5 , Djokovic . "
CPM : it 's 7 - 3 in Djokovic 's favour actually .
And many of his wins have been comfortable straight - sets wins .
Interestingly they 've never played a best - of - 5 match on hard - courts .
I 'd be interested to see how that would go .
One can imagine a scenario where Djoker goes up 2 sets to love but Rafa then comes back to win the match .
Posted by Carol ( Rafa / Contador )
07/12/2010 at 11:12 PM
Great players Nadal / Federer Federer / Nadal , please no more Fedal war !!!!!!!
Guys , watch this vid , it 's really fan .
WC Champions in the airplane back to Spain http://www.rtve.es/deportes/20100712/roja-lia-avion-a-ritmo-merengue/339362.shtml
Posted by TheMightyFunk 07/12/2010 at 11:21 PM
Thanks for the vid Carol .
Now this is probably a stupid question , but that 's a private jet for the team right ?
Early on in the video there were some passengers who looked like just ... everyday passengers who happened to be on the same plane as the spanish football team !
There was even one guy who seemed like he was trying to get some sleep amid the commotion around him ... :)
Posted by ashok
07/12/2010 at 11:26 PM
I am willing to bet Nadal will never win the US Open - for the same reason Borg never did - hard courts are totally unforgiving of all that topspin , and Roddick , Del Potro and Berdych are all capable of beating him at the US Open - not to mention the Fed ..
Posted by Colette ( On Cloud 8 ) 07/12/2010 at 11:28 PM
Fedal ??
Let 's bring Paul out of retirement .
Posted by Carol ( Rafa / Contador )
07/12/2010 at 11:31 PM
TMF , it 's a private jet for all the team , not just the players but trainers , doctors physiotherapits , etc , etc .
The team takes a bunch of people around where ever goes http://www.rtve.es/mediateca/videos/20100712/tve-asiste-a-primeros-momentos-fiesta-avion/827346.shtml
Posted by aussiemarg [ Madame President in Comma Rehab for 2009 ]
07/12/2010 at 11:32 PM
Colette No can do Paul has had a fine career .
Lets leave him to enjoy his retirement .
Posted by Carol ( Rafa / Contador )
07/12/2010 at 11:33 PM
Colette , hehe , maybe we have to ask Paul who is going to be the GOAT Posted by aussiemarg [ Madame President in Comma Rehab for 2009 ]
07/12/2010 at 11:35 PM
Carol I see you are backing Contador to defend his title at the Tour this year Sorry I have bad news for you lol !
Aussie Cadel Evans hopefully will win the title this year .
He has come soo close and is the World Campion My other fav is Andy Schleck from the USA who was 2nd last year .
Posted by Carol ( Rafa / Contador )
07/12/2010 at 11:36 PM
Colette , hehe , maybe we have to ask Paul who is going to be the GOAT Posted by Carol ( Rafa / Contador )
07/12/2010 at 11:41 PM
Sorry for the double post AM , hehe , no way , wait and you 'll see who is going to me on the podium
This week is comming the mountains ....... Contador knows what he is doing Posted by aussiemarg [ Madame President in Comma Rehab for 2009 ]
07/12/2010 at 11:49 PM
Carol Stop being soo greedy ok They have already started climbing Andy Schleck won that one he is a brillant climber We Gonna See No? Posted by Carol ( Rafa / Contador )
07/12/2010 at 11:50 PM
Sorry again , I meant * to be * not * to me * hehe .
I think that I 'm too tired , time to go to bed Nite everyone Posted by Carol ( Rafa / Contador )
07/12/2010 at 11:53 PM
I 've seen your comment AM , hehe
Still there many days to ride .........
Nite !
Posted by Geellis 07/12/2010 at 11:57 PM
Such an interesting post and so many interesting comments .
Must say , I think the comment with which I agreed the most was the one about Team Nadal managing his knee problems better .
Along with that , I agree with the comment about his taking the MS events less and less seriously .
Of course , as I 've said before , there is a value to winning these shields beyond just collecting hardware .
The more you beat the world 's best players on relatively large stages , the more likely you are to be in the heads of not just them , but all the competition in the locker - room .
For this reason , Rafa cannot totally blow off the ATP 1000 events cause he 'll lose the locker room psychological advantage that Federer has clearly lost .
And Rafa is not as prepared as the Fed to handle everyone gunning for him .
That said , I think Steve 's predictions re slams makes sense .
Assuming Rafa manages his knee problems , it 's clear he has the game to win the number of slams Steve suggests for exactly the reason Steve suggests .
People keep talking about Delpo , but did n't we talk about Safin in exactly those terms ?
There 's no reason to think even a healthy Delpo runs Rafa off the clay or the grass .
Rafa 's just too good on those surfaces and 4 consecutive Wimbledon finals would seem to have emphatically made that point .
Delpo just does n't have that much more game than the likes of Berdych or Soderling and I think Rafa beats him in either str8s or max four on the grass ( Rafa 's low BH slice would be murder on Delpo and his out wide lefty slice serve ...... ditto ; Delpo is just not quick enough ) .
Rafa beats him in str8s at RG .
The AO is a toss up and Delpo would clearly beat him at the USO .
But that 's assuming both their games as they are now .
Quite frankly , I believe Rafa 's game still has more upside than Delpo 's because there 's no player I can think of who 's so methodically plugged the holes in his game .
And I expect Rafa to continue to do this in order to get off the court sooner and preserve those ......... knees .
But hey , I 'm looking fwd to a rivaly with Delpo .
In a sense , it will be similar to the rivalry btwn Rafa and Roger given the age diff ( a little over 2 years ) .
Posted by charlie
07/13/2010 at 12:04 AM
Besides everything , Nadal owns Federer ... and there 's no reason to think that the sign of this domination could change in the future .
This particular fact would make Federer an eventual GOAT with an *... Posted by Babyrafa
07/13/2010 at 12:08 AM
Two things might stand out !!!
Nadal has won Olympic Singles Gold and has been part of Davis cup Victory team twice !!
Fed has neither of these !!
Posted by espnalanaldo
07/13/2010 at 12:23 AM
Yes , we look forward to some extraordinary from Nadal from now on and ordinary from Roger in no time .
And Rafa does not have to equal 16 ; when he gets 11 like Borg , there is no question that Rafa will be regarded in greater esteem than Roger .
Good as Roger is , unfortunately that nagging but legitimate comparative stat of 14 - 7 just trumps everything .
The same could not be said of Sampras .
Alas , poor Yorick or Roger , that pesky stat will forever be his Waterloo .
And when Rafa amasses more Masters , he may yet surpass Roger with more TOTAL of Slams and Masters .
More worthy titles than what --- 23 semis which means sorry to say , is another way of saying DID NOT WIN .
hah , see there is always two sides or more than one side to interpret things .
Apologies if this causes so much pain for FED KADs .
NOT .
As I have said before , there is a distinct pattern to Rafa 's strategy .
Master Clay , then Grass and now on to mastering Hardcourt even if at 17 , Rafa already defeated Roger in his so - called hardcourt turf .
But then , clay is the hardest surface , and Olympic Gold --- singles --- mind you , only comes once in 4 years , so concentrate on those first .
Just like Borg , getting more accolades and aura than JMac , quantity is less of a criterion than QUALITY .
And Rafa 's play are more of QUALITY > Quantity .
A double clay - grass after getting injured ?
Imagine that !
Quality indeed , and with a healthy Roger to boot .
OOps , I am not sure how " to boot " will be interpreted .
Oh , well .
But hey , Roger has 16 Slams , right ?
He is the " greatest " , right ?
Right ?
Right ?!
Right ?!?
Posted by aussiemarg [ Madame President in Comma Rehab for 2009 ]
07/13/2010 at 12:35 AM
Hmmm
Borgs records still stand today
Lets see if they are going to be broken Borg was a " visionary " to the game A true tennis fan acknowledges that .
Indeed Rafa has too .
As I have always stated Rafa 's career will depend on his match scheduling and the ongoing management of his knees .
Thank goodness his team has finally woken up to that .
Rafa has been playing " smarter " tennis .
His RG and Wimbledon victories are a testament to that fact .
The Channel Slam is indeed difficult to achieve just ask Borg who still holds the record and did it by the way in consecitive years .
Rafa has made the s/finals twice now at the USO .
In 08 after winning the Gold Medal at the Olympics he arrived mentally and physcially exhausted .
The weather also played a issue in that s/ final to both players .
One could see Rafa was making bad shot selections in that game which normally he would not do .
Though all credit to Murray for his win USO 09 Rafa limped into it .
He was physcially spent and one could see the problems .
He played that s.final with a ruptured ab muscle at what cost may I add ?
the rest of the season told its story once again .
Presently he has under gone more treatment for his knees .
Which may I add will always be ongoing .
His serve will be most vital in the up coming h/ court season .
Giving him free easy points .
There are a lot of other players in the mix .
Both the up coming Masters Series will be interesting .
Cinncy being the fastest h/ court besides the USO will be a telling factor .
Posted by Statitician
07/13/2010 at 12:44 AM
Yes , very nuanced post about the most polarizing figures since the aforementioned Borg and McEnroe .
Very insightful , I really enjoyed the thought put into it , especially the last few paragraphs .
I wo n't bother predicting major tallys for these men ; whatever they end up with wo n't be enough for this tennis fan .
I thought Nadal needed Federer to win big , but after cleaning up the channel for the second time with Federer out of the picture , I was clearly wrong .
So the next phase of this rivalry has to be jump started by Federer .
The onus is on him .
I do not feel he is satisfied with all he has accomplished , the problem will be the daily grind of the 8 - 5 .
He can do it , of course , but it may not all be in his hands any longer .
I do hope he remains in contention , if only so we get more five set master finales .
Excellent write - up Tignor .
Posted by camelot is about to end 07/13/2010 at 02:00 AM
Anyone with general sports knowledge who follows tennis closely and is n't emotionally invested in Nadal has GOT to feel awfully uncomfortable about his suspicious behavior and results .
His wins come in manic cycles during which he is drastically more powerful and muscular than during intervening periods .
And we can be 100 percent sure we are not being told the truth about his injuries .
Consider what we are being expected to believe : he told us during Wimbledon that his knee had been bothering him even during the clay season .
What did he do after the clay season ?
Rushed to England the next day and practiced in the RAIN .
When Federer won the channel slam last year , he skipped Halle to rest despite claiming no injury .
Murray has missed tournaments to rest , angering the tournament organizers .
Roddick has done it .
Everyone does it , but Nadal apparently has no need to take a break even when carrying a serious chronic injury .
That 's not possible , folks .
It also is n't possible that this sort of repetitive stress injury forces an MTO early in Wimbledon and then gets better and better with more and more pounding for hours and hours , performing feats of strength and dexterity that no one else can match , that wear down his " uninjured " opponents , all while carrying more muscle mass than they do and thus incurring more stress on the knees .
It 's just not possible .
The man is juiced .
The people who should be asking tough questions about these things ( tennis journalists ) look the other way because Nadal butters their bread .
But eventually someone will get fed up .
Federer recently requested that drug - test samples be kept for 8 years to allow for reevaluation when more sophisticated testing is developed .
Nadal opposes even the inadequate drug testing they have now , and complains about it whenever he has the opportunity .
If he is clean , he should be begging for more testing to justify his highly suspicious results .
It happened with swimming , track , cycling , and baseball , and it is happening in tennis now .
Too bad the man at the top is the most likely culprit .
Posted by camelot is about to end 07/13/2010 at 02:04 AM
Rules
Are
For
Amateurs Not
Awesome
Drug
Abusers
Like me .
Posted by yesyourright
07/13/2010 at 02:13 AM
i second that ... totally agree with you ... use to love nadal .... but after the court coaching .... and the time between points .... and he gets bigger everytime he comes back from injuries ..... Nadal= Cheater ......
Federer =
Pure talent .... beauty .... at his finest Posted by btaylor
07/13/2010 at 02:46 AM
Camelot and Yesyourright , About time that SOMEONE ELSE noticed these occurances by Nadal and posted about them instead of " oohing and ahhing " about " How does he do it ? "
Whatever he's on oughta be illegal IF it ain't already illegal ...
Posted by jewell - Make tea , not war .
07/13/2010 at 02:57 AM
Hey everyone . :)
Really liked this . :)
It is extraordinary , and I feel privileged to have been able to watch two of the all - time greats of the game on the men's side play , and play at the same time .
I think it 's a bit of a pity that Rafa and Roger have n't been playing their best tennis at the same time much for the past 18 months or so .
It did n't look to me as though Rafa did n't believe he could lose at all !
I thought he looked doubtful and nervy all through the FO , except the final , and all through Wimbledon , again , maybe excepting the final .
Is Nadal the new Federer ?
Is brown , or navy blue or grey , * ever * the new black despite people saying it is practically every season ? :)
Does it matter ?
Does Rafa really have to do everything in comparison with Roger ?
I guess I 'm glad really that Rafa has forced himself into the conversation and since Roger is the gold standard at the moment comparison is inevitable - but sometimes I wish that Nadal 's achievements were n't always discussed in relation to Roger's .
For that reason part of me is glad that this year 's Channel Slam came against entirely different opponents , and players who have given Rafa some trouble in the past in a different way than Federer has .
As for Paul , I would rather he could predict the lottery numbers for next week than which player is going to be considered GOAT in 10 or 20 years time .
;-)
Posted by Jai 07/13/2010 at 03:01 AM
It shall all start this summer at the US open ..!!
If Nadal 's able to win ... he's surely gonna get to at least 14 - 15 and from there on 1 or 17 should not be tough !!!
At the same time if Federer wins US ( highly unlikely ) ... he is the all time leader in GS for the next 2 decades at least ... and Nadal will not be able to get that far !!!!!
Posted by remain anonymous
07/13/2010 at 03:01 AM
Posted by kym 07/12/2010 at 10:14 PM
What are you on ???
" If Federer and Nadal were born in same era of Agassi - Sampras , will the American pair win 8 and 13 grand slams ?
The answer is no : Agassi would have won 1 and 2 for Sampras . "
If Nadal played in Sapras ' era , he currently has ZERO titles at SW19 .
* Rafa '06 vs Sampras '06 - Pete at 80 % takes out Rafa in the 4th grass court touney in his life
* Rafa '07 vs Sampras '07 - Pete held 116/118 gms in 1997 ... bye bye Rafa
* Rafa '08 vs Sampras '08 - Pete 's worst final still had 63 winners , 19 unforced , and was broken twice , Fed in '08 final 89 winners , 52 unforced , was broken for times , and Nadal prevailed 9 - 7 in the 5th
* Rafa ' 10 vs Sampras '00 - On one leg Pete held 118/123 service gms ( incl. last 85 ) and ....
" Sampras can only serve , and his serve is nothing compared to today 's standard .
Ivo Karlovic serves better than him , and of course so do John Isner and Nicolas Mahut . "
Tells me all I need to know !!!
Posted by Prashant Sharma 07/13/2010 at 03:16 AM
@ CORRIE
Federer has become inconsistent ?
23 consecutive slam semis and 25 consecutive slam quarters is inconsistent ?
I think this was a place for tennis lovers and knowledgable tennis enthusiasts .
Dissapointing .
Posted by Prashant Sharma
07/13/2010 at 03:21 AM
@OSEGURA
Buddy what is Federer 's fault if Nadal doesnt seem to meet him as often on hard courts as Federer meets him on clay ?
Check the lopsided record that they have on clay .
Nadal is a clay court animal and Federer the 2nd best on that surface .
That is why this record is 14 versus 7 .
And by the way Maths is an important part of adult life .
So please calculate your ratios again buddy .
Nadal is NOT winning 2 out of 3 matches against Federe .
Posted by Rafalito 07/13/2010 at 04:04 AM
2 am must be the witching hour when all the creeps come out of their holes to post .
Saw some are here already .
Time to get the silver bullet , some garlic , and a wooden stake .
ha ha Always some killjoys around .
Anyway , great article , Steve , and let 's all just enjoy this incredible time when we get to see these guys play .
No GOAT arguing , no Fedal wars , just sit back and enjoy .
And Vamos Rafa !
Posted by Tak 07/13/2010 at 04:04 AM
Funny ... Nadal is half way to 16 .
All he have to do is keep in good shape and win all four grand slams for the next two years which should n't be hard for him .
Beside if he master the u.s open ..it 's over for everybody .
This guy is a true tennis player .
Never give up and always working hard .
Fed ..is not bad himself but to say he can win more slams .. is crazy .
Dude is busy with his own life .. He have a family .
Nadal could easily be at 16 at the age of 27 , if he work hard .
Posted by javed
07/13/2010 at 05:03 AM
I guess Nadal 's weeker point is his backhand .
He tries to take shots in front hand even if he gets that on back hand side .
Its good if you are young and agile to move your body at this age but may be later it wont work .
He is definately better competitive player than Roger and does n't gives up sometimes even if in the loosing side .
But Federer is more complete in a sense of taking shots on backhand and moving around the court .
But now for many players , Roger is quite predictable .
Specially he faces trouble if someone plays power game with him .
After getting a single powerful shot , federer goes on defence instead of offense and try to survive the point .
Federer has to come up with something new to gain the glory the same way as Muhammad Ali did with Geroge Foreman .
Posted by javed
07/13/2010 at 05:04 AM
I guess Nadal 's weeker point is his backhand .
He tries to take shots in front hand even if he gets that on back hand side .
Its good if you are young and agile to move your body at this age but may be later it wont work .
He is definately better competitive player than Roger and does n't gives up sometimes even if in the loosing side .
But Federer is more complete in a sense of taking shots on backhand and moving around the court .
But now for many players , Roger is quite predictable .
Specially he faces trouble if someone plays power game with him .
After getting a single powerful shot , federer goes on defence instead of offense and try to survive the point .
Federer has to come up with something new to gain the glory the same way as Muhammad Ali did with Geroge Foreman .
Posted by Ashwin Rajagopal
07/13/2010 at 05:08 AM
While there is little doubt that Nadal is probably the no : 1 player ( Rankings & otherwise ) in the World he will never be the next Federer !
I agree with Steve that Federer can still win a few more slams .
I will not be surprised if he wins the US open this year and am optimistic about his 2011 season .
But then I am a Federer fan and we tend to be overly biased in our belief in his abilities !
Posted by Servus 07/13/2010 at 05:15 AM
Posted by espnalanaldo
07/13/2010 at 12:23 AM
Yes , we look forward to some extraordinary from Nadal from now on and ordinary from Roger in no time .
And Rafa does not have to equal 16 ; when he gets 11 like Borg , there is no question that Rafa will be regarded in greater esteem than Roger .
Good as Roger is , unfortunately that nagging but legitimate comparative stat of 14 - 7 just trumps everything .
The same could not be said of Sampras .
Alas , poor Yorick or Roger , that pesky stat will forever be his Waterloo .
And when Rafa amasses more Masters , he may yet surpass Roger with more TOTAL of Slams and Masters .
More worthy titles than what --- 23 semis which means sorry to say , is another way of saying DID NOT WIN .
hah , see there is always two sides or more than one side to interpret things .
Apologies if this causes so much pain for FED KADs .
NOT .
As I have said before , there is a distinct pattern to Rafa 's strategy .
Master Clay , then Grass and now on to mastering Hardcourt even if at 17 , Rafa already defeated Roger in his so - called hardcourt turf .
But then , clay is the hardest surface , and Olympic Gold --- singles --- mind you , only comes once in 4 years , so concentrate on those first .
Just like Borg , getting more accolades and aura than JMac , quantity is less of a criterion than QUALITY .
And Rafa 's play are more of QUALITY > Quantity .
A double clay - grass after getting injured ?
Imagine that !
Quality indeed , and with a healthy Roger to boot .
OOps , I am not sure how " to boot " will be interpreted .
Oh , well .
But hey , Roger has 16 Slams , right ?
He is the " greatest " , right ?
Right ?
Right ?!
Right ?!?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Obviously there is plenty of room for tax cuts .
Just look at the above post .
I mean , the government must be awash in money as they have meanwhile provided Internet access even to mental institutions .
What a waste of taxpayers ' money !
It is time to send my congressman a nasty letter ...
Posted by Mike 07/13/2010 at 05:28 AM
Geez ... man , I can't it .
I 'm going to have to take a hiatus from this blog if I 'm going to see the same biased , nonsense stats brought up over and over , ad nauseum , the same pie in the sky predictions whenever one of the 2 is on a tear and the other is down ... enough to make you sick and pull your hair out at the same time ... adios !
Posted by sharon
07/13/2010 at 05:32 AM
Steve , I used to look forward to your articles because you usually bring such a fresh perspective and it caused readers to think and to be introspective and to consider situations from a different point of view .
You 've really disappointed with this one .
I am so very tired of the overdone comparison of Nadal and Federer based on numbers of grand slams ( and Fed 's age and Nadal 's knees ) .
First of all , who decreed that major titles should be THE criteria upon which we base who is a better tennis player ?
No tennis players are the same , they do n't play against the same opponents under the same conditions , and therefore one can not be best by any objective valuation .
One or another may have better results during a particular time continuum but the conditions under which they compete are continuously changing and therefore fair comparisons are nebulous at best and are pretty much useless in the long run .
Every player is different .
Every player has different strengths and weaknesses , different styles , different mentalities , different attitudes , different physical attributes , different levels of maturity , different moments of good and bad fortune .
It is impossible to make rational and logical comparisons .
Each player should be lauded for their accomplishments .
Some players have a longer list of accomplishments at one moment in time than another but it certainly does n't mean that Player A is ' better ' than Player B , just different .
If Player A's strengths are more evident on hard courts , and two out of four majors are played on hard court , does that give Player A an unfair advantage in this ' who's the best discussion ' that counts number of majors won ?
Enough with this totting up the number of grand slams won .
Yes , winning them is a highly laudable accomplishment but does the number of Master 's Tournaments deserve to carry more weight than they 're currently given in this specious argument ?
I would certainly think their level of competition should be acknowledged as top notch as well .
How about Olympic gold medals .
The Olympics are generally considered the epitome of most sports .
The whole picture is important , not just one facet of the discussion , a discussion for which there will never be one purely defined answer .
1 2 3 4 5 >>
We are no longer accepting comments for this entry .
< Wimbledon from Sublime to Ridiculous >>
A Little Less Life and Death
Playing Ball : Good Luck to a Partner
Playing Ball : Losing Them All
Keeping Tabs : August 8
Quick - Change Artists
Hard Landing
Part of the Action
This blog has 1484 entries and 99627 comments .
More More Video Daily Spin
Michael Beasley used " too much marijuana " in the past but Minnesota 's new power forward is maturing and was worth acquiring from Miami despite his off - court issues , the president of the Timberwolves said Thursday .
After one year at Kansas State , Beasley was the No. 2 overall draft choice of the Heat in 2008 .
Just 21 years old , he was traded two weeks ago to the Wolves , who hope a change of scenery and a move to a young team will bring out his considerable talents .
" He 's a very young and immature kid who smoked too much marijuana and has told me that he's not smoking anymore , " team president David Kahn said in an interview on 1500 ESPN Twin Cities , " and I told him that I would trust him as long as that was the case . "
At his introductory news conference July 15 in Minnesota , Beasley said because of his spotty past -- he got kicked out of the NBA rookie symposium , was fined for breaking Heat rules and last summer entered substance - abuse treatment in Houston -- he might be a bit misunderstood .
" I feel like I did good my last two years in the NBA playing for Miami , " said Beasley , who averaged 14.3 points per game and 5.9 rebounds in two seasons with the Heat .
" But I feel like there 's a lot that the world do n't know about me .
A lot of my game has n't been shown .
A lot of my personality has n't been shown .
I feel like it's a new beginning and a fresh start and I 'm ready to start my life . "
Kahn said he believes Beasley has made strides working to eliminate some of his past problems .
Were Beasley in his late 20s , the Timberwolves ' president said he might not have considered trading for him .
It cost the Wolves only two second - round draft picks and cash considerations to acquire Beasley .
" He has developed a really good support system around him this past season in Miami , " Kahn told 1500 ESPN Twin Cities .
" He has hired people to help him grow up .
He is growing up -- he 's not grown up .
He 's 21 ... and if you think back , as I do all the time , to when I was 21 , and if you had given me this kind of money and put me in this kind of world with these kinds of pressures attached to it and some of the demands , I do n't know how well I would have handled it , any easier than , say , he has . "
" I think that if Michael was 25 or 26 , maybe I would have felt differently , " Kahn said .
" Some of these kids simply deserve the opportunity to make mistakes and grow up . "
A Student Protests
In Iran Posted on July 28 , 2010 in Images A student protests against Iranian President Ahmadinejad before a speech in Tehran .
The sign reads “ Fascist President , Polytechnics [ University ] Is Not Your Place ”
[ tags ] iran , student protests , university student , president Ahmadinejad , fascism , fascist , dictatorship , foreign policy , picture , photograph , iranian government , dissent [ / tags ]
Related Posts On PBH & The Web No related posts .
From The PBH Network Hot On The Web
" It ’s déjà vu all over again , " said Yogi Berra .
The Hall of Fame catcher could easily have been predicting the coming resurgence of natural gas – fired generation .
Yes , a few more coal plants will be completed this year , but do n’t expect any new plant announcements .
A couple of nuclear plants may actually break ground , but do n’t hold your breath .
Many more wind turbines will dot the landscape as renewable portfolio standards dictate resource planning , but their peak generation contribution will be small .
The dash for gas in the U.S. has begun , again .
" Holy cow , there ’s a lot of gas . "
That was the reaction of Penn State geologist Terry Engelder , as reported in the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ’s Technology Review last October .
Three years ago , Engelder was asked to assess the natural gas potential of Marcellus shale deposits in the U.S. Midwest and Mid-Atlantic regions .
It now appears that deep shale beds — the Carboniferous ( 350 million years ago ) Barnett shale deposits in the Texas and the enormous Devonian ( 400 million years ago ) Marcellus shale deposits in the East — could be game - changers in the U.S. energy and power generation markets for years to come .
Shale formed in those deposits contained methane bound so tightly into the rock formations that conventional drilling technology could not get at it , according to the geologists .
That ’s changed .
Deep drilling , horizontal drilling , and hydraulic fracturing ( pumping water down the borehole at great pressures to shatter the shale strata , releasing the methane from the rock ) make the gas accessible .
Both shale finds are providing drillers with gas bonanzas .
Record Gas Reserves Discovered
Last June , the U.S. Potential Gas Committee ( PGC ) issued a report ( links to this and other resources are provided in the sidebar at the end of this article ) that estimated total U.S. natural gas reserves at over 1,800 trillion cubic feet , the highest in the committee ’s 44 - year history , and 40 % above its 2006 estimate .
John Curtis of the Colorado School of Mines , head of the PGC , said that the estimate " reaffirms the committee ’s conviction that abundant , recoverable natural gas resources exist within our borders , both onshore and offshore , in all types of reservoirs . "
Prices fell , reflecting the optimistic supply predictions .
Exploration in shale deposits continued growing .
The PGC is an independent , industry - funded technical group that examines natural gas reserves in the U.S. Said Curtis , " Our knowledge of the geological endowment of technically recoverable gas continues to improve with each assessment .
Furthermore , new and advanced exploration , well drilling , and completion technologies are allowing us increasingly better access to domestic gas resources — especially ‘ unconventional ’ gas — which , not all that long ago , were considered impractical or uneconomical to pursue . "
That ’s a reference to shale gas , as well as gas in deep deposits .
Significantly , the shale gas deposits are close to , and in some cases , directly underneath , natural gas pipelines and gathering hubs and near large markets .
Bringing the gas to market could be easy and cheap ( see the sidebar , " Say Goodbye , LNG ? " ) .
In a press release , the PGC noted , " When the PGC ’s results are combined with the U.S. Department of Energy ’s latest available determination of proved gas reserves , 238 Tcf [ trillion cubic feet ] as of year - end 2007 , the United States has a total available future supply of 2,074 Tcf , an increase of 542 Tcf over the previous evaluation . "
That ’s a stunning figure — an increase of over 25 % above previous estimates .
The Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) defines " proved reserves " as " those volumes of oil and natural gas that geological and engineering data demonstrate with reasonable certainty to be recoverable in future years from known reservoirs under existing economic and operating conditions . "
In other words , they are real .
The supply optimism is good news for existing and potential electric generators , as the projections , bolstered by successful drilling in shale , have resulted in dramatically lower natural gas prices .
The most recent reports from the EIA found natural gas prices at the Henry Hub at $ 2.76 per million Btu ( mmBtu ) .
Futures prices at the New York Mercantile Exchange for September 2009 contracts were at $ 2.91 per mmBtu .
A couple of years ago , the NYMEX price was in the $ 9 range for short forward contracts ( Figure 1 ) .
1. Gas prices expected to stabilize in 2010 .
The U.S. Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) predicts natural gas prices will fluctuate less and be more predictable in the future given the significant increase in gas reserves .
Source : EIA November 2009 Short - Term Energy Outlook
Say Goodbye , LNG ?
Among the implications of the optimism about shale gas recovery in the U.S. is a crash landing for plans to build imported liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) terminals in the U.S.
Three years ago , LNG was all the rage , with predictions of terminals across the coastal U.S. Daniel Yergin ’s Cambridge Energy Research Associates ( CERA ) was bullish on LNG , predicting a worldwide LNG boom .
No longer .
No recent publicly available material on LNG has shown up on the CERA web site , although there was reporting available to paying customers ( the price tag is very high ) .
Could the consultancy ’s enthusiasm for LNG have cooled considerably on current and projected natural gas prices ?
The guess here is that it has .
On the other hand , CERA ’s web site now touts shale gas , saying , " Some call it a revolution , " adding that shale gas " could change the global natural gas balance . "
To date , according to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ( FERC ) , four new LNG terminals are under construction in the U.S. , with just under 4 billion cubic feet of gas capacity .
Three of the four are in the Southeast or Southwest , where they serve petrochemical plants .
FERC has approved another 14 LNG projects for the U.S. , but analysts expect few of those will actually see the light of day .
Summarizing its most recent data , the Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) said , " In 2008 , increased U.S. natural gas production led to reduced demand for natural gas imports .
The drop in total imports occurred despite a 2007 - to - 2008 increase in domestic consumption — a factor that typically requires higher levels of imports to meet consumer demand .
Total exports to Mexico and Canada via pipeline and Japan via LNG tanker were higher in 2008 .
Consequently , net imports to the United States fell more than 20 percent from 2007 totals to the lowest level since 1997 .
The decline in U.S. natural gas imports had a larger impact on LNG imports than Canadian pipeline imports .
Given the ease of transporting gas to alternative markets , some LNG that historically landed in the United States went elsewhere in 2008 . "
The EIA went on to say that " The increased supply of LNG brought about by the start - up of several large LNG supply projects in late - 2009 and in 2010 contributes to an increase in the outlook for U.S. LNG imports next year .
However , the timing of these new liquefaction additions is extremely difficult to judge . "
Favorite Fuel Returns
For 2010 , gas sees its prospects gaining in the power market , bolstered by new technology and large new supplies .
The leader of the generating pack in the 1980s and early 1990s , gas went into a deep decline on high prices and diminishing reserves in the first part of the 21st century .
Many analysts said the days of gas as a major generating fuel were over .
No more .
Given that gas is less polluting than coal ( by any measure ) , produces half as much carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) per unit of energy output , and requires plants that are quick to build and not capital - intensive , new gas reserves appear to position the fuel as a winner in generating markets .
The U.S. , once seen as a declining gas producer , may be a world leader in gas .
In November , The Energy Daily ( a sister publication of POWER ) reported that the North American Electric Reliability Corp. ( NERC ) has found that " Electric utilities are increasingly showing an ‘ overwhelming ’ preference for building natural gas – fueled plants , a trend that is expected to drive gas past coal as the dominant North American fuel for on - peak power production by 2011 . "
According to the newsletter , " NERC said both regulated utilities and merchant generators are increasingly favoring gas plants because the fuel has been discovered in more abundance and is cheaper than in the past .
In addition , gas plants are easy to site , can be built quickly and produce less carbon emissions than other types of traditional generation . "
This overabundance of natural gas reserves may also have a downside , according to a report released by NERC on October 29 .
NERC ’s " 2009 Long - Term Reliability Assessment 2009 – 2018 " notes that natural gas – fired on - peak power production may push past coal - fired generation by 2011 , portending system reliability problems .
NERC also cited cyber - security concerns , the integration of fast - growing renewable resources into the grid , and uncertainties created by the economic slowdown as emerging reliability worries that it faces ( Figure 2 ) .
2. Demand for electricity will rise in 2010 .
The top pie charts describe the expected growth of capacity that will be available during peak hours .
The bottom pair describe the expected growth of installed capacity .
Coal and gas will continue to be the fuels of choice during peak generating hours .
Wind generation will continue to grow faster than any other type but will contribute little to peak supplies .
Source : NERC
NERC recognized that existing reserve margins are adequate across the U.S. for the next few years , but the first priority must be to expand the grid and increase the capacity of existing transmission and distribution systems to handle the expected growth of renewable generation .
The report concluded , " More than 11,000 miles ( or 35 % ) of transmission ( 200 kV and above ) proposed and projected in this report must be developed on time to ensure reliability over the next 5 years .
32,000 miles of transmission ( 200 kV and above ) are projected for construction from 2009 to 2013 overall . "
NERC strongly believes that transmission siting and construction is the most urgent issue for the power generation industry , now and well into the future .
Electricity growth has stalled over the past two years , given the chaos in the global economy .
However , NERC projects that demand will increase 15 % between 2009 and 2018 , compared to its 17 % forecast in last year ’s report .
The projected demand increase has steadily decreased over the past several years .
Once again , NERC underlined the need for grid expansion and new transmission capacity to handle renewables and ensure reliability , with particular urgency seen in areas of the Southwest .
" These competitive advantages have resulted in an overwhelming preference for [ gas ] over the ten - year period , as installed natural gas capacity is projected to increase 38 percent over the ten - year period , while coal is projected to increase by only 6 percent , " NERC ’s assessment said .
Its predictions of demand for new generation have been overly generous in the past but now appear to be more realistic ( see table ) .
The EIA predictions of electricity demand growth do not include peak demand growth as a separate category , but rather predict energy consumption will grow 8.2 % through 2018 .
Together , the NERC and EIA data clearly show that the need for additional , dispatchable load during on - peak hours will be a primary focus for electricity system planners .
Expect more gas - fired reciprocating engine and combined - cycle plants designed for intermediate peaking service to be announced in the coming year .
Electricity use increases , slowly .
The North American Electric Reliability Corp. ( NERC ) expects the rate of peak demand and energy consumption growth to slow in coming years .
Source : NERC
Further , NERC said that " on-peak natural gas capacity is projected to grow by more than double the amount of any other resource , and by more than five times any other resource when dual fuel resources ( primarily fired by natural gas and another , alternate fuel ) are excluded . "
NERC said a " plausible " future scenario involves flat or negative power demand growth for the next seven or eight years , followed by an " abrupt change to normal or high demand growth . "
From NERC ’s perspective , however , that trend is not all good .
NERC said the growing reliance on gas could create grid problems if gas usage strains the infrastructure that delivers gas to power plants .
" The projected growing reliance on natural gas increases the potential for adverse reliability impacts due to fuel supply and storage and delivery infrastructure adequacy issues , " NERC said .
Increased gas demand this past summer already put a strain on existing gas transmission infrastructure .
Chesapeake Energy Corp. admitted that it briefly slowed production because natural gas pipelines and gathering systems were already operating at maximum capacity ( Figure 3 ) .
3 . Gas storage and pipelines full in 2010 .
An excess of natural gas is packing gas lines and storage facilities .
Shown is the predicted rate of natural gas storage for 2010 compared to historic amounts .
Source : EIA November 2009 Short - Term Energy Outlook
I Told You So
" I used to say we were awash in gas , " crows Oklahoma petroleum geologist and gas guru Bob Hefner .
" Now I say we are drowning in it . "
The ebullient Hefner , 74 , with a long tradition of gambling big on gas , is now a bastion of the eastern energy establishment .
He is associated with the Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs at Harvard ’s Kennedy School of Government .
He wears bow ties and tuxedo jackets with his Levis and cowboy boots , and underwrites Asian cultural projects with his Singaporean wife , Meili .
In the 1960s , Hefner , a technological optimist of the first degree , proposed deep drilling for natural gas , arguing that the gas resources in the U.S. had barely been touched .
In 1969 , according to Oklahoma State University , Hefner ’s " Number One Green well , drilled to a depth of 24,454 feet in Beckham County , blew in at the highest pressure ever recorded . "
Since then , oil and gas exploration and drilling technology have evolved so that seismic analysis can provide a clearer view of the subterranean landscape .
Directional drilling technology and hydro fracturing can reach and exploit the most promising strata .
There ’s a stunning amount of gas down there , say the experts , and it ’s getting easier to develop .
Gas - rich shale deposits are not confined to North America .
A recent New York Times article noted that petroleum engineers from around the world have come to the U.S. to learn about exploiting natural gas from shale .
Amy Myers Jaffe , an energy expert at Rice University in Texas , told the newspaper , " It ’s a breakout play that is going to identify gigantic resources around the world .
That will change the geopolitics of natural gas . "
Little Will Be Built in 2010
As we enter the second decade of the 21st century and a second year of avoiding an economic collapse , the U.S. business climate seems to have become more positive .
A growing sense of cautious optimism is appearing .
A mid-October survey by the National Association for Business Economics concluded that the largest recession since the 1930s Great Depression is over , and economic growth is likely for the U.S. economy in 2010 .
The government announced that third - quarter 2009 economic growth hit 3.5 % , the first positive growth in five quarters , suggesting an end to the recession ( Figure 4 ) .
4. Electricity growth resumes in 2010 .
After a two - year contracting market , total electricity consumption in the U.S. in 2010 is expected to increase .
Source : EIA , November 2009 Short - Term Energy Outlook
The implications for electric generation are mixed .
What gets built depends on a complex stew of credit markets , regulatory responses , economic growth , technology , and national politics .
Some of those are leading economic indicators , some lagging , some not clear at all .
Advocates of renewable generation appear not to have made a convincing economic case in the market .
But they have politically .
Coal and nuclear continue to take a political battering at the hands of the renewables advocates .
The politics of energy appear not to have factored in to the new implications of natural gas .
The political and regulatory landscape is a dog ’s dinner ( a Britishism for an undigested mess ) .
The need for new generation to supply load appears less urgent than in previous years .
According to the EIA , demand for electricity has fallen since the economy tanked in 2008 .
The demand down - tick is the first since the EIA has accumulated these statistics , when it was created in 1977 .
Facing a sluggish economy , consumers have lowered thermostats , cut off air conditioning , and dialed down appliances , leading to the decline in electricity demand .
A cool 2009 summer in most of the U.S. helped to reduce air conditioning load .
Net electric generation dropped 6.8 % from June 2008 to June 2009 .
That was the 11th consecutive month that electric generation slid downward , compared to the same month in the prior year .
Analysts say they expect the declining demand trend to reverse when economic growth shows up at the beginning of 2010 or thereabouts .
But they have been wrong before and may be wrong again .
The EIA , the U.S. Department of Energy ’s statistical agency , says it suspects the decline in demand will continue into early 2010 , despite what appears to be a bottoming - out of the recession .
Many electric power company long - term capital spending plans have been built on the dire forecasts of the past decade , particularly from NERC .
For years , the conventional wisdom in the generating industry was that the U.S. was running out of generating capacity .
Year after year NERC had the same message :
It ’s time to build baseload , particularly nuclear and coal , and make major investments in high - voltage transmission .
Maybe not .
Intermediate - load and peaking units , suggesting new gas plants , may be the ways to hedge big investment bets on future baseload units .
A recent Washington
Post article quoted anonymous sources as saying that new nuclear plants are n’t economical until natural gas prices are above $ 7 / mmBtu .
That ’s more than double the current price .
The urgency for long - distance , high - voltage electric transmission investment , premised on optimistic estimates of growth in demand , also seems to have declined .
Capital requirements for the big transmission projects , along with the political risks , have scared off investors , including conventional utilities and free - standing investment companies .
Those who want to build large transmission systems linking areas of surplus power generation ( West Virginia , for example ) to big markets in New Jersey and New York are facing not only citizen opposition but also indifference from Wall Street investors , who do n’t see an acceptable market return on investment ( Figure 5 ) .
5 . New transmission is key in future years .
The North American Electric Reliability Corp. predicts that expanding critical transmission capacity will be a national priority over the next five years .
Source : NERC
The bullish generating market in late 2008 — despite signals of a worldwide economic crisis — turned into a financial quagmire .
Today , lenders are unwilling to pony up cash for new generation and transmission without guaranteed returns , regulators are reluctant to bless projects without iron - clad promises of stable prices , and customers are unwilling to support new projects that threaten rate hikes and environmental impairment .
Governments at the federal and state level are demonstrating distinct ambiguity about generation and transmission projects .
Where does that land us ?
Overall , the generating market has slowed .
Raising credit has become difficult for major projects of any kind , from new nuclear reactors to petroleum refineries to coal mines .
Money was n’t a problem a decade ago .
Today , it ’s a big problem .
Tomorrow , meaning 2010 and beyond , that may change .
But do n’t bet the company .
It ’s a jungle out there .
The Political Environment for Power After a year with a new political crew in Washington — Democrats in the White House and controlling both the House and Senate — how has the political landscape for electric generation changed ?
It ’s not clear .
Democrats have said they want substantial reforms in the way the nation addresses energy , including the alleged specter of climate change .
The party , including the Obama administration , is pushing legislation in Congress that appears unlikely to be enacted this year .
Complicating the administration ’s policy agenda , the political clock has already started ticking toward the 2010 mid-term elections , when all of the U.S. House and a third of the Senate seats are up for election .
Traditionally , the party in power loses seats in off - year elections .
The Obama administration likely will take heroic steps to prevent that outcome , particularly to ward off losing the Democrats ’ 60 - 40 margin in the Senate , where it takes 60 votes to avoid a filibuster .
Ducking a filibuster is a prerequisite for passing Senate legislation in these days of total partisan warfare .
In that context , what has changed since 2009 when it comes to energy legislation and the economic prospects for energy development ?
Paradoxically , very little .
The administration promised new directions in energy , with an emphasis on controlling greenhouse gas emissions and increasing energy efficiency , without much in the way of specifics .
The Obama administration attempted to create a dramatic picture of how it differed from the Bush administration .
The optics succeeded , but the reality is far less than meets the eye .
The Obama administration ’s position on energy legislation is not very different from that of its predecessor .
Both offered generalities and platitudes but not much practical red meat .
The current administration has largely stayed away from the legislative details of climate legislation ( as it has done with health care ) .
The House passed a cap - and - trade bill ( Waxman - Markey ) that takes the approach that if the policy causes you any pain , we will pay to make you feel better .
Republicans correctly call the House bill " pork " but have had nothing to offer in response .
The Senate Environment and Public Works Committee bill is not much different than the House - passed measure and leaves many details to be fleshed out in markup in the committee , chaired by California Democrat Barbara Boxer , an enthusiast for measures to control greenhouse gas emissions .
Republicans have indicated that they will be unanimous in attempting to block the bill .
The GOP may be able to pick a few Democrats to oppose the Boxer bill , dooming the legislation .
In November , the Democrats reported out the committee bill , without Republican participation , as the GOP boycotted the committee markup session .
That does not bode well for legislation anytime soon .
The Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee , chaired by New Mexico Democrat Jeff Bingaman will also have a powerful legislative and political oar to dip into energy policy waters .
Bingaman ’s state is a major producer of coal , natural gas , and uranium , but it is a minor state when it comes to electricity production .
How he will approach the greenhouse gas issues is not clear .
Four more Senate committees will have a say in the final legislation .
Energy politics tend to be regional , not ideological , as both parties are prepared to spend taxpayer dollars for fuels and technologies that touch their constituents .
The legislative fight could carry deep into 2010 without resolution .
The Nuclear Godot
Nuclear power remains the last best hope for zero - carbon emissions from baseload generating plants and was many analysts ’ early pick for a generating revival in the first decade of the 21st century .
If one accepts the conventional view of climate change , the rational case for nukes appears unassailable .
If you want low - carbon generation , you must go nuclear .
The first decade of our new century has passed .
After years of waiting for the nuclear renaissance , it does n’t look as if the second decade will bring the nuclear industry closer to revival .
Indeed , the horizon may be receding .
Literature Nobel laureate Samuel Becket could not have had U.S. nukes in mind when he wrote his iconic 1953 play Waiting for Godot .
But some of its dialog is eerily on target .
The character Vladimir in the second act comments , " What are we doing here , that is the question .
And we are blessed in this , that we happen to know the answer .
Yes , in this immense confusion one thing alone is clear .
We are waiting for Godot to come . "
In the U.S. , we are into the second decade of the 21s century , waiting for the nuclear renaissance , after the market collapsed in the 1970s .
Waiting and waiting .
Nuclear power plants wo n’t pick up U.S. generating market share in 2010 , by all accounts .
That ’s despite prior federal government policy aimed at jump - starting new nuclear generation , including allegedly streamlined federal regulations and a longed - for candy jar of additional subsidies , such as major loan guarantees , pledged in the Republicans ’ Energy Policy Act of 2005 .
Those have yet to materialize .
Some in the Obama administration and Congress are contemplating additional loan guarantees and other nuclear subsidies , to be included in pending climate change legislation .
Arguing for $ 50 billion in additional federal loan guarantees , Exelon CEO John Rowe told a Senate committee in late October , " Deployment of new nuclear plants simply will not happen , given the large up - front capital costs , without a much more robust federal loan guarantee program than currently exists . "
There does n’t seem to be much enthusiasm on either side of the partisan aisle for committing that kind of money to nuclear power .
The 2005 congressional vision ( perhaps a hallucination ) was of a modest new fleet of nukes — a dozen or so — that would come into the U.S. market and revitalize the stagnant industry .
New reactor designs from U.S. , Japanese , and French companies ; interest from multiple utilities ; applications for more than 30 units under the streamlined approach of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission ’s ( NRC ) licensing reforms of the 1990s ; and the Energy Policy Act of 2005 all led to irrational exuberance among nuclear power developers .
The 2005 loan guarantees would jump - start the market , the legislation assumed and the industry agreed .
More than four years later , the presumably vibrant market for new nukes in the U.S. is becalmed at best .
That ’s a factor of the worldwide economic collapse of 2007 – 2009 , combined with U.S. regulatory and technical difficulties afflicting the new , putatively safer and more efficient nuclear reactors , plus the industry ’s inability to deliver on promises of new reactor designs that will be easier , quicker , and cheaper to build .
Then there is the unwillingness of anyone with real money to finance new plants .
The NRC has been unable to certify the latest new reactor designs under its " combined operating license " reform , for reasons indicting both the industry and the regulators .
The French AREVA evolutionary design is facing its first round of NRC scrutiny while experiencing major cost overruns and schedule delays in construction of a new unit in Finland .
U.S. regulators at the end of the year rejected a modified advanced reactor design from Westinghouse for the AP1000 that they had earlier approved .
Westinghouse made changes in the shield building to protect the reactor from airline strikes , earthquakes , hurricanes , and tornadoes .
The NRC said those changes raised new licensing issues .
General Electric , according to the NRC , never provided design details for its advanced boiling water reactor sufficient to judge the safety of the machine ( Figure 6 ) .
6 . New nuclear queue grows .
The location of planned new nuclear plants in the U.S. Source : U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission
Given regulatory uncertainty and the conditions of current capital markets , no rational investor is likely to commit major private - sector resources to building new nuclear plants , according to several investment bankers who talked to POWER on background .
If new nukes are to be built , they argued , the effort will require large commitments of federal dollars , probably in the form of loan guarantees vastly exceeding those in the 2005 act .
That ’s an unlikely prospect .
Even with much larger federal loan guarantees , it is n’t clear that Wall Street will commit the capital necessary to build units at $ 8 billion to $ 10 billion a pop , the latest estimates .
In Congress , feckless Republicans are calling for a fleet of 100 new nukes within 20 years , at a $ 700 billion price tag .
That ’s pure politics , or else they are smoking some powerfully atomic wacky - weed that induces weird policy visions .
There is no U.S. capacity to license or build that many plants .
Maybe the system could support three , or six , new nukes , but that ’s a guess .
A hundred ?
Fugetaboutit .
Waste Storage Discussions : A Waste of Time .
Another blow to the prospects for U.S. nukes was the White House decision last year — no surprise — to euthanize the Yucca Mountain , Nev. , project for permanent underground storage of spent nuclear fuel and other high - level nuclear wastes .
The Obama administration , fulfilling a deal with Senate Democratic Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada , zeroed out Yucca in its budget submission early in 2009 .
The funding decision will stick .
Sic transit gloria Yucca .
The U.S. finds itself in the embarrassing position , not for the first time , of having no practical idea about nuclear waste storage .
Spent fuel rods will remain at reactor sites for the unforeseeable future , probably past the lifetime of anyone reading this article .
In the wake of the administration ’s decision , the NRC last September began a rulemaking that would give regulators the authority to approve at - reactor waste storage for 40 years , up from the current limit of 20 years .
The administration says it will appoint a " blue - ribbon " commission to study options for nuclear waste disposal .
That ’s classic D.C. talk for , " We are clueless . "
Nuclear Merger .
The only positive glow for nukes was the NRC decision last October to allow Electricité de France ( EDF ) to buy a major share of Constellation Energy ’s two - unit Calvert Cliffs nuclear plant .
Baltimore - based Constellation , swimming upstream against most energy analyses , and burdened with a heavy load of debt , wants to build new ( merchant ) nuclear capacity at its existing Calvert Cliffs , Md. , site .
The only way that can happen , Constellation admits , is if it has access to EDF ’s deep financial pockets , which reach into the French government ’s endless treasury .
The Constellation - EDF deal won Maryland Public Service Commission approval at the end of October , but with caveats , including a commitment to invest $ 250 million in the company ’s distribution company , Baltimore Gas and Electric ( BG&E ) , and a $ 100 rate rebate to every BG&E customer , a one - time , $ 110 million hit for the merged company .
Constellation has agreed to those conditions .
Other than the Constellation - EDF parlay , U.S. nuclear projects appear to be waiting for the nuclear Godot that will lead them into a new day of robust construction and profitable prospects .
We ’ve seen that play before .
As Becket ’s Vladimir says to Estragon , " On the other hand what ’s the good of losing heart now , that ’s what I say .
We should have thought of it a million years ago , in the nineties . "
Skyrocketing Costs Dampen Enthusiasm .
At the end of October , the San Antonio City Council was stunned to learn that the price tag of the two new reactors at the existing South Texas Project ( STP ) had increased by $ 4 billion .
The two existing reactors at STP are owned by NRG Energy ( 44 % ) ; CPS Energy ( 40 % ) ; and Austin Energy , the municipal utility of Austin , Texas ( 16 % ) , although the San Antonio municipal utility had recently reduced its share in the two new nuclear projects to 20 % , effectively leaving 20 % of the plant unsold .
CPS
Energy is responsible for finding a buyer for that 20 % slice of the project .
According to a knowledgeable source , the new cost estimate from the project ’s primary contractor , Toshiba , is up to $ 4 billion higher than estimates made public by CPS in late July , which predicted a project cost of $ 10 billion , or $ 13 billion including financing .
The fate of the new units at STP is being closely followed by the industry as the STP new addition is one of only three nuclear projects that the Energy Department selected in 2009 to receive a federal loan guarantee , which will cover a good portion of the plant financing costs .
NRG
Energy has said it also will seek financing help from Japanese export agencies due to the role of Toshiba and other Japanese firms in the project .
The STP project would also benefit from a legislative change that the Nuclear Energy Institute ( NEI ) is pushing to Congress .
That change would let municipal nuclear plant owners ( like CPS ) transfer nuclear production tax credits to private sector partners ( like NRG Energy ) .
Because munis are tax - exempt , the credits would otherwise go to waste .
The San Antonio City Council is n’t the only prospective plant owner struggling with jaw - dropping cost estimate increases .
Florida Power & Light ’s Turkey Point addition of two new 1,100 - MW units is said to cost between $ 12 billion and $ 18 billion , Duke Energy ’s Lee Nuclear Plant was last estimated at $ 11 billion for two 1,100 - MW units at a " greenfield " plant ( the estimate , by Duke in June 2009 , was quoted in 2008 dollars ) , and Georgia Power ’s two new units at Plant Vogtle are estimated at $ 14 billion .
The rising construction costs for new nuclear power do not necessarily translate into rates that are uncompetitive with other technologies in the future .
In a commentary published in The Energy Daily , Richard J. Myers , vice president of policy development at the NEI , made the case that new nuclear plants can be cost competitive :
The National Research Council ’s recent analysis shows a 6 – 13¢/ kilowatt - hour ( kWh ) cost range for new nuclear plants .
The low end represents a nuclear plant financed through the DOE ’s loan guarantee program .
This is better than coal - fired capacity with carbon capture and storage ( CCS ) at 9 – 15 ¢ / kWh , and significantly more stable than gas - fired combined - cycle generation , which could be the lowest - or the highest - cost option , with a range from 4¢ / kWh ( unrealistically low gas prices , no carbon controls ) up to 21¢ / kWh with high gas prices and CCS .
Using the capital cost assumptions built into its annual energy outlook , the Energy Information Administration calculates that new nuclear will have a levelized capital cost of $ 107.30 / MWh in 2016 .
Advanced coal with CCS is at $ 122.60 / MWh ; gas - fired combined cycle at $ 115.70 / MWh ; onshore wind at $ 141.50 / MWh ( cost of gas - fired back - up power not included ) .
In the 2009 update to its 2003 report , The Future of Nuclear Power , the Massachusetts Institute of Technology shows nuclear energy at 6.6¢ / kWh absent the " technology risk premium " ( i.e. , when the first few plants have been built ) .
Coal - fired and gas - fired plants are at 6.2¢ / kWh and 6.5¢ / kWh without CCS , 8.3¢ / kWh and 7.5¢ / kWh with carbon controls , respectively .
Slow but Steady : King Coal Keeps on Keepin’ on
Then there is coal , the Rodney Dangerfield of generation :
It just does n’t get any respect .
Surprise : New coal - fired projects , unlike the nukes , are actually under construction in the U.S. , and some are likely to start pushing out power soon .
Despite deep political opposition from environmentalists and competing technologies , coal still generates more than half of all U.S. electricity .
It ’s a reminder of Billy Joe Shaver ’s 1950s bluegrass hit , " I ’m just an old lump of coal ( but I ’m going to be a diamond someday ) . "
According to the Department of Energy ’s National Energy Technology Laboratory , in June 2009 , 36 coal - fired plants were either under construction ( 23 ) , near construction ( 4 ) , or permitted ( 9 ) , for a total of 19.4 GW of new capacity .
That ’s in the face of a heavy assault on coal by environmental groups concerned with carbon dioxide emissions .
Also joining the no-coal chorus in Appalachia are local opponents of mountain - top mining and others challenging coal ash waste disposal at power plants , in light of the Tennessee Valley Authority ’s 2008 major ash dam collapse .
Not all of those coal plants the EIA identified will actually join the grid .
It ’s not a walk in the generating park .
For example , in November , MDU Resources Group Inc. announced it was canceling its planned 600 - MW Big Stone II coal project in South Dakota .
The reason was that its partners in the project were unwilling to pony up the cash for the plant .
But some new coal projects will succeed , as coal continues to be the pragmatic least - cost approach to baseload power .
Financial results demonstrate coal ’s staying power .
West Virginia – based Massey Energy Co. , the fifth - largest U.S. coal producer , and the largest producer of central Appalachian coal , at the end of October reported profits for the third quarter of 2009 of $ 16.5 billion ( 19 cents per share ) on revenues of $ 536 million , a bit below third quarter 2008 figures .
For the first nine months of 2009 , Massey ’s EBITDA ( earnings before interest , taxes , depreciation , and amortization ) was $ 374 million , compared to $ 242 million for the first three quarters of 2008 .
This is not the picture of a dying industry .
Coal has many overt enemies but also lots of grassroots support .
Miners and other union workers in the industry support the dusky diamonds ( " dirt that burns , " as some have described the mineral ) .
Coal mining , both underground and on the surface , creates high - paying jobs in places where there often are few other opportunities for work .
Those jobs translate into economically viable communities , as miners and their families support local businesses from grocery stores to car dealers to dentists .
In southwestern West Virginia and eastern Kentucky , flat land is hard to find , and mountain - top removal has plenty of friends , not just miners but also business folks and local consumers .
That translates into political power for coal - state politicians .
Will generating and anti-pollution technologies impact the coal equation ?
Industry hype about coal claims it can be " clean , " citing as - yet - unproven technologies for gasification , carbon capture , and CO 2 sequestration .
At the same time , environmentalists claim that " clean coal " is an oxymoron , akin to " military intelligence . "
Neither side has made its case .
Nor is it likely the verdict will come in 2010 .
The coal industry and the DOE are subsidizing projects to strip CO 2 out of coal - fired plants and stuff the greenhouse gas into places yet untested .
Carbon dioxide , of course , was once thought to be a beneficial byproduct of burning coal .
Now , quite the opposite .
So far , nothing in the world of capturing CO 2 from coal and storing it somewhere else approaches commercial scale .
Indeed , some analysts are suggesting that coal plants should not be the major focus of attempts to reduce U.S. CO 2 emissions .
Instead , they argue , as reported in a fine New York Times article , there are more emissions bangs for the buck in working on capturing CO 2 at " oil refineries , chemical plants , cement factories and ethanol plants , which emit a far purer stream of it than a coal smokestack does . "
Look for further carbon capture technology research in 2010 .
This technology is a long way from commercial development and may slow investment in further large - scale coal plant projects in the year ahead .
Congressional energy legislation in 2010 could pressure coal , as Congress searches for ways to reduce greenhouse gases .
Those political moves against coal may prove quixotic .
Coal is too powerful in Congress to take a major hit .
In addition to generating 55 % of U.S. electricity , coal is found ( although not necessarily mined ) in more than half of the U.S. states and used to generate electricity in far more than those .
Coal has major political muscle in both business and labor camps .
The new head of the AFL - CIO , Rich Trumka , former chief of the United Mine Workers of America , is a western Pennsylvania coal miner who worked his way through college and law school with a miner ’s helmet and lamp on his head .
It ’s unlikely coal will see its business or political position eroded in the year ahead if the savvy Trumka has anything to do with it .
There ’s a good bet he will be behind the political stage and helping to direct the drama .
The Green Machines
It is n’t clear these days which technologies — coal or nukes or water — are the environmental movement ’s true bête noir ( dark beast ) .
Nukes are out of the question for some because of waste .
Coal attracts loathing because of conventional pollution , CO 2 emissions , and land - use issues .
Hydro kills trout and smaller fish you have never heard of .
What ’s left are wind , solar , biomass , geothermal , and conservation ( and who can argue with conservation ? ) .
Niche generation , widely known as " renewable energy , " a term without a rigorous definition , accounted for about 8 % of U.S. energy consumption in 2008 , according to the EIA .
That portion of the market should grow in 2010 .
Renewables may be able to increase their market share through state renewable energy portfolio standards and various state and federal subsidies .
Any federal legislation mandating a renewable standard would be unlikely to have any impact in 2010 or 2011 .
The self - proclaimed " green " generating technologies will continue to occupy small market opportunities , not supplanting conventional baseload generation such as coal and nuclear , or dispatchable generation such as coal , hydro , and gas .
That ’s clear from government statistics .
What is renewable ?
The definition is important .
Many environmentalists conveniently ignore large hydropower as " renewable , " an omission that makes some political - correctness sense ( the opponents of hydro do n’t like turbine blades that kill fish ) .
Historically , some of the environmental movement ’s deepest roots — those connected to John Muir and David Brower — are intimately bound to opposition to hydroelectricity dams .
Hydro is , for these folks , out of the question when it comes to substantial energy generation .
Eschewing water power is nonsense in terms of renewable electric capacity .
The EIA says that of the 372 billion kWh of generation from renewables in 2008 , 248 billion kWh came from " conventional " hydroelectricity , meaning big water such as Hoover Dam , Glen Canyon , the Missouri River system , the Columbia River system , the Lower Colorado River Authority , and others .
By contrast , wind , the next - largest contributor to renewable generation , provided only 52 billion kWh .
Solar checked in at a tiny 843 million kWh , last place among the EIA renewable technologies .
Wind and solar will continue to grow exponentially in 2010 .
That ’s easy .
They start from a very low base , so exponential growth remains trivial .
Will wind and solar make major contributions to electric generation and electric supply in 2010 and displace statistically significant amounts of fossil generation ?
The chances are slim and none .
Slim just left the room .
Which Way Is Wind Blowing ?
The American Wind Energy Association ( AWEA ) , the Washington lobby for wind power , reported that its industry installed some 1,200 MW of new capacity in the U.S. in the second quarter of 2009 .
That ’s a solid performance , bringing the wind total for the first six months of 2009 to 4,000 MW , well ahead of the first six months of 2008 .
In a press release , AWEA acknowledged that it is " seeing a reduced number of orders and lower level of activity in manufacturing of wind turbines and their components . "
AWEA said this is " troubling in view of the fact that the U.S. industry was previously on track for much larger growth . "
However , translating pure installed capacity into useful generation leaves much to be desired .
The Electric Reliability Council of Texas ( ERCOT ) , where wind turbine construction leads the world , now sports 10 % of its installed capacity as wind against 65 % natural gas .
ERCOT ’s annual summer assessment noted that there are 8,135 MW of installed wind capacity .
However , when calculating the portion of that capacity that is available to help manage peak demand , ERCOT takes a very pragmatic view : " For summer peak capacity , ERCOT counts 8.7 percent of wind nameplate capacity as dependable capacity at peak in accordance with ERCOT ’s stakeholder - adopted methodology . "
So for every 1,000 MW of wind power installed , only 87 MW are predicted as available to trim the summer peak .
ERCOT ’s installed generation capability is 72,700 MW .
A summer peak demand of 64,056 MW is predicted for 2010 .
The wind supply chain , noted AWEA , is experiencing troubles as companies " have stopped hiring or have furloughed employees due to the slowdown in contracts for wind turbines .
Wind turbine component manufacturing investment was one of the bright spots in the economy in 2008 , with over 55 facilities added , expanded or announced that year . "
No more , it appears .
Denise Bode , AWEA ’s CEO , said , " Manufacturing investment is the canary in the mine , and shows that the future of wind power in this country is very bright but still far from certain .
The reality is that if the nation does n’t have a firm , long - term renewable energy policy in place , large global companies and small businesses alike will hold back on their manufacturing investment decisions or invest overseas , in countries like China that are soaring ahead . "
Deconstructing Bode ’s canary metaphor , if the future of the U.S industry is bright , the canary must be doing quite well , and singing gleefully .
It does n’t appear that the canary is gasping for air in her scenario , although the implication of her statement is that Tweety Bird has a raspy cough .
The windy canary , it seems , is neither a positive nor a negative indicator .
One of Bode ’s previous jobs was serving as head of a lobbying group promoting natural gas , a product that will kill canaries quite quickly ( and people , too , under the right circumstances ) .
Her AWEA statement is further evidence that Washington lobby - speak is often incoherent .
Scoping out wind ’s prospects , Shane Mullins of Industrial Info Resources ( IIR ) said in late September , " After a record - setting year in 2008 , wind power is on target for a mediocre 2009 , but prospects for 2010 and beyond are extremely bright .
Last year was a great year for wind power installations , so good , in fact , that a lot of projects scheduled for construction in 2009 were pulled into 2008 .
But last year ’s collapse of the tax equity market cut new wind construction in half . "
In 2008 , said Mullins , construction began on more than 9,000 MW of new wind power capacity in the U.S. , but through mid-September 2009 , construction had begun on only 4,162 MW of new wind projects , according to data collected by IIR .
" For all of 2009 , we ’ll be lucky if we see construction begin on a total of 4,500 MW of new wind projects , " said Mullins .
For 2010 , who knows ?
Slow Slog on the Solar Road .
Solar electric generation has become the stepchild of politically correct renewables .
While wind has boomed , relative to its starting position , solar has seen a much slower path to gaining market share and much less attention in the news media .
Solar ’s consistent problem has been cost .
With generous subsidies and tax benefits , wind has reduced its nominal ( including subsidies ) upfront costs to below those of coal and nuclear .
No so for sun power .
Solar energy , both photovoltaic ( PV ) and thermal , has seen capital cost reductions .
A recent Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory study of grid - connected solar PV technology found a substantial trend of cost reductions , averaging over 3 % per year for a decade , mostly driven by government subsidies .
But the starting point was so high that the solar generating technologies remain uneconomical for most uses .
A McKinsey and Co. analysis of solar ’s prospects is cautiously bullish about the sun .
Says the review , " A new era for solar power is approaching .
Long derided as uneconomic , it is gaining ground as technologies improve and the cost of traditional energy sources rises .
Within three to seven years , unsubsidized solar power could cost no more to end customers in many markets , such as California and Italy , than electricity generated by fossil fuels or by renewable alternatives to solar .
By 2020 , global installed solar capacity could be 20 to 40 times its level today . "
But the McKinsey report , featuring its conditional verb — " could " — notes that the technology is starting from a tiny base and " is still in its infancy .
Even if all of the forecast growth occurs , solar energy will represent only about 3 to 6 percent of installed electricity generation capacity , or 1.5 to 3 percent of output in 2020 . "
The places that McKinsey projects solar could be competitive are already extremely high - priced markets .
Unexpected Trend : Fuel Switching
When the Acid Rain Program under the Clean Air Act took effect in 1995 , utilities searched for ways to avoid installing expensive flue gas desulfurization systems .
One approach much favored by plants in the eastern U.S. was to perform a boiler fuel switch from high - sulfur eastern bituminous coal to low - sulfur Powder River Basin coal .
A side benefit was that the coal was significantly less expensive to purchase , even if the delivery charges were much higher given where the coal is mined .
Today , with the nation expected to be awash in natural gas , several utilities have announced plans to , in essence , fuel switch from coal to natural gas .
A good example is Progress Energy Carolinas ’
August announcement of its plans to permanently shut down three coal - fired power plants near Goldsboro and , in exchange , construct a new , high - efficiency , gas - fired 950 - MW combined - cycle power plant .
The business case for the fuel switch is compelling .
The utility gets bragging rights , not to mention emissions credits , for shuttering three coal plants totaling almost 400 MW at the H.F. Lee Plant in Wayne County .
The utility makes a compelling case that its plan will reduce overall emissions ( including those of CO 2 , should carbon controls eventually become law ) , increase the efficiency of electricity production in its system , and , if natural gas prices remain low , lower the cost of electricity production .
The cost of the new intermediate - load plant , expected to be in service by 2013 , is estimated to be around $ 900 million .
A final advantage to Progress Energy : Adding a natural gas – fired plant will broaden the company ’s fuel resource base away from coal and nuclear .
As a side benefit , shuttering the older three plants sidesteps the requirements of North Carolina ’s Clean Smokestacks
Act , which established very aggressive emission - reduction targets in 2013 .
Instead of cleaning up the old plant , Progress Energy decided it was wiser to invest the money in a new plant .
" This is an important milestone for our company and for our state , " said Lloyd Yates , president and CEO of Progress Energy Carolinas .
" The Lee Plant has been producing electricity reliably and cost - effectively for our customers for more than 50 years , but as emission targets continue to change , and as legislation to reduce carbon emissions appears likely , we believe in this case , it ’s in the best interest of our customers to invest in advanced - design , cleaner - burning generation for the future . "
Yates went on to say , " Our objective is to maintain the right balance of resources — nuclear , natural gas , coal , hydroelectric , solar , biomass , and energy efficiency — to make our company and state more energy independent and to minimize the risk of customer price spikes due to volatility in cost or supply of any single fuel source . "
The economic advantage to Progress Energy is apparent , but in an unusual display of hegemony , North Carolina regulators have disarmed all the explosives in the usual regulatory minefield encountered when permitting a new gas plant .
The North Carolina General Assembly recently approved legislation to fast - track a fuel or technology replacement project as Progress Energy has proposed .
Senate Bill 1004 established a streamlined certificate process ( 45 days versus the standard six months or more ) to enable Progress Energy to shut down the coal units and replace them with natural gas – fueled technology .
The shorter certification period was needed to enable the company to replace the coal - fired plants by 2013 , when the stricter statewide emission targets come into effect .
Expect additional state legislatures to quickly open an express lane for permitting gas - fired combined - cycle plants that replace older , less - efficient ones .
Utilities will respond to this economic carrot much faster than to a swing of the regulatory stick .
The second emerging fuel - switching trend is retooling a coal plant to burn other fuels in order to help meet state renewable portfolio standards and to avoid costly emissions equipment retrofits .
The most interesting project in this genre of plant makeovers is FirstEnergy Corp . ’s plan , announced in April , to repower two units at its R.E. Burger coal - fired power plant to burn biomass .
Those two coal - fired units , totaling 312 MW , would become the largest biomass power plants in the U.S .
Burger Units 4 and 5 were targeted by the Environmental Protection Agency for alleged violations of the Clean Air Act ’s New Source Review provisions .
A consent decree signed in 2005 settled those charges but gave FirstEnergy until midnight March 31 to decide whether to shut down the units or agree to retrofit with expensive air emission control equipment estimated to cost $ 330 million .
Instead , the utility decided to invest $ 200 million to convert the two units to burn biomass .
The fuel switch also furthers FirstEnergy progress toward meeting Ohio ’s standard that requires utilities to obtain 25 % of their power from renewable resources — at least half of which must be generated within Ohio .
According to First Energy , the two Burger units will use wood wastes and other biomass to fuel the facility .
FirstEnergy ’s goal , however , is to operate the plant as a " closed loop " or carbon - neutral biomass plant , which means it will use fuel derived from trees grown to serve as feedstock for the biomass plant .
The energy crop trees would act as a carbon sink , storing carbon in the trees ’ tissues and roots .
When harvested and burned , the stored carbon would be released , but the net carbon footprint would be zero .
Fast - growing , bioengineered cottonwood trees and grasses grown in Ohio will be harvested and pressed into cubes before delivery to the plant .
The plant will then pulverize and blow the biomass fuel into the boiler in much the same way as coal plants burn pulverized coal .
A number of other utilities have announced similar plans to retrofit fossil - fueled plants to burn biomass fuels .
Over the past three years , Southern Co. , Northeast Utilities , Dynegy , Xcel Energy , and DTE Energy have either converted plants or are in the process of doing so .
The Bottom Line : What You See Is What You Get
Where does all that leave generating markets in 2010 ?
Looking not very different than they did in 2009 , with the exception that natural gas has jumped onto the fuel stage in a big way .
Coal perks along , with new plants under construction and some likely to come online .
New nukes are ephemeral .
Renewables can nicely fill generating niches but wo n’t dent the big generating market .
They will make money but wo n’t change the U.S. generating mix .
Only gas looks likes a game - changer , given the emphasis on drilling in shale in the U.S. and elsewhere .
The new exploration and production technologies and new gas reserves in shale probably wo n’t make a big impact in 2010 , given lead times .
They might in 2011 .
If they do , gas could alter the way the world looks at energy and electric generation .
Stay on board for what could be a wild ride .
For More Information
For even more details about some of the issues addressed in this article , see the following websites : Potential Gas Committee : http://tinyurl.com/mw9nh3
North American Electric Reliability Corp. " 2009 Long - Term Reliability Assessment " : http://www.nerc.com//files/2009_LTRA.pdf
New York Times , " New Ways to Tap Gas May Expand Global Supplies " : http://tinyurl.com/yz6y945
National Association for Business Economics , " NABE Outlook : Recession Is Over , but a Muted Recovery to Follow " : http://www.nabe.com/publib/macsum.html
Electric Reliability Council of Texas , " ERCOT Expects Adequate Power Supply for Summer : Update " : http://tinyurl.com/yjkm88u
— Kennedy Maize is a contributing editor and Dr. Robert Peltier , PE is editor - in - chief of POWER .
Editor ’s note : Professor Terry Engelder ’s name was misspelled in the print version and an earlier web version of this story but has been corrected .
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
BP says it has reinstalled an oil - siphoning cap on its blown - out well in the Gulf of Mexico and has resumed collecting crude after an accident led to oil flowing unhindered into the ocean for several hours yesterday .
The political risks from the disaster were underscored by a poll showing Barack Obama 's job performance rating has dropped to the lowest level of his presidency .
The Obama administration is appealing a court ruling blocking a six - month moratorium on deepwater drilling .
The worst spill in US history has been thrust to the top of Obama 's crowded domestic agenda but the Wall Street Journal / NBC News poll found half of those surveyed disapproved of his handling of the spill .
Overall Obama 's rating stood at 45 % in the poll , down five points from early last month .
For the first time in the survey , more people , or 48 % , said they disapproved of his job performance .
The administration sought to keep its responses to the catastrophe in play as it appealed against the lifting of a deep - water drilling ban .
A judge had said the moratorium was too far - reaching and not adequately justified despite the spill .
The government also asked district judge Martin Feldman in New Orleans to put his ruling against the moratorium on hold pending the outcome of the appeal or until the appeals court can consider a request for a stay .
The justice department said the temporary moratorium affected only 33 active deepwater drills in the Gulf of Mexico .
In addition to the appeal , interior secretary Ken Salazar said he would revise his original order suspending drilling 500ft below sea level to make it more flexible and thus address the court 's concerns .
The government imposed a six - month moratorium on deepwater drilling after the offshore rig exploded on 20 April killing 11 workers and rupturing BP 's well .
A fire in B.C. 's Okanagan Valley has been contained , but not before destroying at least one home , two garages , a police car and a boat .
A state of emergency has been declared in both Peachland and West Kelowna communities because of the rapidly growing wildfire at Seclusion Bay .
The blaze , sparked from a small grass fire , was first reported at 10:30 a.m. in the Drought Hill area , between Peachland and West Kelowna .
Fanned by winds of up to 70 kilometres an hour , the fire had consumed 15 hectares by 3 p.m. local time and that had doubled by 5 p.m .
More than 20 guests and staff were evacuated from the Seclusion Bay Resort by RCMP rescue boat .
Some vacationers were still in bed when they got word they had to leave .
" I just said ‘ come on you guys have to get down to the lake ' because the flames were right there .
Like huge flames , " evacuee Adrienne Smith told CTV News .
" I was hysterical , " evacuee Eva Rose said .
" When you can see flames you become very afraid . "
Police initially attempted to escort evacuees by land but had to change their plan once the fire picked up speed .
" It cut off the land route for a lot of the residents and police personnel so they were relegated to go down to the water and we called out a number of boats , " Kelowna RCMP Const .
Steve Holmes said .
Highway 97 , the main route through the area , was temporarily closed to traffic at the Okanagan Connector as a precaution while fire crews from both districts battled the flames .
A single lane had reopened by 5 p.m .
An evacuation centre for affected residents has been established at the Lions Hall in neighbouring Westbank .
The Ministry of Forests has brought in two helicopters and air tankers to aid the eight firefighters on the ground .
The Regional District of Central Okanagan has ordered boaters to stay away from the Seclusion Bay area so as not to interfere with water and aerial firefighting operations .
Fire Information Officer Michaela Swan said all of the 10 new wildfires in the Kamloops region this weekend were human caused .
Nested Words
aka Visibly Pushdown Languages
What are nested words ?
hierarchically nested matching
calls
returns
open - tags
close - tags
Nested word automata --- finite - state acceptors for nested words , define the class of regular languages of nested words .
This class has all the appealing theoretical properties that the classical regular word languages enjoys : deterministic nested word automata are as expressive as their nondeterministic counterparts ; the class is closed under union , intersection , complementation , concatenation , Kleene -* , prefixes , and language homomorphisms ; membership , emptiness , language inclusion , and language equivalence are all decidable ; and definability in monadic second order logic corresponds exactly to finite - state recognizability .
These results generalize to infinite nested words also .
How do they relate to context - free languages of words ?
We argue that for algorithmic verification of structured programs , instead of viewing the program as a context - free language over words , one should view it as a regular language of nested words ( or equivalently , a visibly pushdown language ) , and this would allow model checking of many properties ( such as stack inspection , pre-post conditions ) that are not expressible in existing specification logics .
In general , pushdown automata serve two distinct purposes : discovering the hierarchical matching , and processing / querying the matching .
In applications where only the second purpose is relevant ( as in program analysis ) , one can replace pushdown automata with NWAs with many benefits .
How do they relate to ordered trees ?
For document processing , nested words do have many advantages over ordered trees .
Tree - based representation implicitly assumes that the input linear data can be parsed into a tree , and thus , one cannot represent and process data that may not parse correctly .
Word operations such as prefixes , suffixes , and concatenation , while natural for document processing , do not have analogous tree operations .
Second , tree automata can naturally express constraints on the sequence of labels along a hierarchical path , and also along the left - to - right siblings , but they have difficulty to capture constraints that refer to the global linear order .
For example , the query that patterns p1 , ... pk appear in the document in that order compiles into a deterministic word automaton ( and hence deterministic NWA ) of linear size , but standard deterministic bottom - up tree automaton for this query must be of size exponential in k .
NWAs can be viewed as a kind of tree automata such that both bottom - up tree automata and top - down tree automata are special cases .
These results imply that a query can be more succinctly encoded in the nested words view with complexity benefits A nested word automaton reads the word from left to right , processing the nesting edges as and when they arrive .
This matches with the SAX API for XML , and thus has a natural use in streaming algorithms .
References
The purpose of this page is to keep track of the extensive follow - up research on this topic .
Email me with comments and / or suggested additions .
Tools
OpenNWA : A nested - word automaton library ; Driscoll , Thakur , and Reps ; CAV 2012 .
Ultimate Automata Library ; Heizmann , Nutz , and Schilling , 2017 .
Additional Decision Problems for VPAs / NWAs
Visibly pushdown games ; Loding , Madhusudan , and Serre ; FSTTCS 2004 .
Visibly pushdown automata : From language equivalence to simulation and bisimulation ; Srba ; CSL 2006 .
Regularity problems for visibly pushdown languages ; Barany , Loding and Serre ; STACS 2006 .
On the membership problem for visibly pushdown languages ; La Torre , Napoli , and Parente ; ATVA 2006 .
Symbolic visibly pushdown automata ; D'Antoni and Alur ; CAV 2014 .
Congruences and Minimization
Congruences for visibly pushdown languages ; Alur , Kumar , Madhusudan , and Viswanathan ; ICALP 2005 .
Minimization , learning , and conformance testing of Boolean programs ; Kumar , Madhusudan , and Viswanathan ; CONCUR 2006 .
Minimizing variants of visibly pushdown automata ; Chervet and Walukiewicz ; MFCS 2007 .
Minimization of Visibly Pushdown Automata Using Partial Max - SAT ; Heizmann , Schilling and Tischner ; TACAS 2017 .
Minimization of visibly pushdown automata is NP - complete ; Gauwin , Muscholl , and Raskin ; LMCS 2020 .
Temporal and Fixpoint Logics ; Expressiveness
A temporal logic of nested calls and returns ; Alur , Etessami , and Madhusudan ; TACAS 2004 .
Regular languages of nested words : Fixed points , automata , and synchronization ; Arenas , Barcelo , and Libkin ; ICALP 2007 .
First - order and temporal logics for nested words , Alur , Arenas , Barcelo , Etessami , Immerman , and Libkin ; LICS 2007 .
Alternating automata and a temporal fixpoint calculus for visibly pushdown languages ; Bozzelli ; CONCUR 2007 .
A grammatical representation of visibly pushdown languages ; Baran and Barringer ; WoLLIC 2007 .
Weighted logics for nested words and algebraic formal power series ; Matissen ; ICALP 2008 .
Visibly rational expressions ; Bozzelli and Sanchez ; FSTTCS 2012 .
Visibly linear temporal logic ; Bozzelli and Sanchez ; IJCAR 2014 .
Specifications for Program Analysis
VPA - based aspects : Better support for AOP over protocols ; Nguyen and Sudholt ; SEFM 2006 .
Instrumenting C programs with nested word monitors ; Chaudhuri and Alur ; SPIN 2007 .
Synthesizing monitors for safety properties --
This time with calls and returns ; Rosu , Chen , and Ball ; RV 2008 .
Temporal reasoning for procedural programs ; Alur and Chaudhuri ; VMCAI 2010 .
Nested interpolants ; Heizmann , Hoenicke , and Podelski ; POPL 2010 .
Checking compatibility of a producer and a consumer ; Drscoll , Burton , and Reps ; FSE 2011 .
Secure programming via visibly pushdown safety games ; Harris , Jha , and Reps ; CAV 2012 .
XML Processing and Tree Automata
Visibly pushdown expression effects for XML stream processing ; Pitcher ; PLAN -X 2005 .
Visibly pushdown languages for streaming XML ; Kumar , Madhusudan , and Viswanathan ; WWW 2007 .
Marrying words and trees ; Alur ; PODS 2007 .
Rewriting of visibly pushdown languages for XML data integration ; Thomo and Venkatesh ; CIKM 2008 .
Streaming tree automata ; Gauwin , Niehren , and Roos ; Information Processing Letters 2009 .
Earliest query answering for deterministic nested word automata ; Gauwin , Niehren , and Tison ; FCT 2009 .
Query automata for nested words ; Madhusudan and Viswanathan ; MFCS 2009 .
From regular expressions to nested words : Unifying languages and query execution for relational and XML sequences ; Mozafari , Zeng , Zaniolo ; VLDB 2010 .
High - performance complex event processing over XML streams ; Mozafari , Zeng , Zaniolo ; SIGMOD 2012 .
Streamable fragments of forward XPath ; Gauwin and Niehren ; CIAA 2012 .
Early XPath node selection on XML streams ; Debarbieux , Gauwin , Niehren , Sebastian , and Zergaoui ; 2012 .
Transducers
Visibly pushdown transducers for approximate validation of streaming XML ; Thomo , Venkatesh , and Ye ; FoIKS 2008 .
Visibly pushdown transducers ; Raskin and Servais ; ICALP 2008 .
Equivalence of Deterministic Nested Word to Word Transducers ; Staworko , Laurence , Lemay , Niehren ; FCT 2009 .
Properties of Visibly Pushdown Transducers ; E. Filiot , J.-F. Raskin , P. - A. Reynier , F. Servais and J.-M. Talbot ; MFCS 2010 .
XEvolve : An XML Schema Evolution Framework ; F. Picalausa , F. Servais and E. Zimànyi ; SACSVT 2011 .
Streamability of Nested Word Transductions ; E. Filiot , O. Gauwin , P. - A. Reynier , F. Servais .
FSTTCS 2011 .
Streaming tree transducers ; R. Alur and L. D'Antoni ; ICALP 2012 .
Visibly Pushdown Transducers with Look - Ahead .
E. Filiot and F. Servais .
SOFSEM 2012 .
Nested Trees
A fixpoint calculus for local and global program flows ; Alur , Chaudhuri , and Madhusudan ; POPL 2006 .
Languages of nested trees ; Alur , Chaudhuri , and Madhusudan ; CAV 2006 .
Visibly pushdown languages and term rewriting ; Chabin and Rety ; FroCos 2007 .
Visibly Tree Automata with Memory and Constraints ; Comon - Lundh , Jacquemard , Perrin ; Logical Methods in Computer Science 2008 .
Words with Multiple Nestings
A note on nested words ; Blass and Gurevich ; Microsoft Research TR ; 2006 .
A robust class of context - sensitive languages ; La Torre , Madhusudan , and Parlato ; LICS 2007 .
2 - Visibly Pushdown Automata ; Carotenuto , Murano , and Peron ; DLT 2007 .
Realizability of concurrent recursive programs ; Bollig , Grindei , and Habermehl ; FoSSaCS 2009 .
New Results Using Visibility of Calls / Returns
Third - order Idealized Algol with iteration is decidable ; Murawski and Walukiewicz ; FoSSaCS 2005 .
Synchronization of pushdown automata ; Caucal ; DLT 2006 .
Propositional dynamic logic with recursive programs ; Loding and Serre ; FoSSaCS 2006 .
Height - deterministic pushdown automata ; Nowotka and Srba ; MFCS 2007 .
An infinite automaton characterization of double exponential time ; La Torre , Madhusudan , and Parlato ; CSL 2008 .
A Challenging Open Problem ( Now Solved ! )
Recently , Eryk Kopczynski has proved undecidability of this problem : see Invisible pushdown languages , LICS 2016 .
So , an indie rock band chooses a 26 - year - old photo of a unsuspecting mom from Connecticut for its new album cover , in which she looks like a schoolgirl about to be attacked by a vampire .
So what ? , XL Recordings , the label for Vampire Weekend , has said in response to a $ 2 million lawsuit by former fashion model Ann Kirsten Kennis , whose sultry 1983 photo graces the cover of the bands newest album , Contra .
The ...
Afghanistan war logs : our selection of significant incidents
The full leaked database contains 92,201 records of individual events or intelligence reports .
This is our selection of 300 of the key ones .
We have ensured none includes information identifying intelligence sources or putting Nato troops at risk
• Download the full data behind this interactive
• Interactive guide to every IED attack
• How our datajournalism project worked
This library defines an embedded language for regular , multi-dimensional array computations with multiple backends to facilitate high - performance implementations .
Currently , there are two backends : ( 1 ) an interpreter that serves as a reference implementation of the intended semantics of the language and ( 2 ) a CUDA backend generating code for CUDA - capable NVIDIA GPUs .
To use the CUDA backend , you need to have CUDA version 3.x installed .
The CUDA backend still misses some features of the full language ; in particular , the array operations replicate , slice , and foldSeg are not yet supported .
Known bugs in this version : http://trac.haskell.org/accelerate/query?status=new&status=assigned&status=reopened&status=closed&version=0.7.1.0&order=priority
Fireweed Collective offers mental health education and mutual aid through a Healing Justice lens .
We help support the emotional wellness of all people , and center the needs of those most marginalized by our society .
Our work seeks to disrupt the harm of systems of abuse and oppression , often reproduced by the mental health system .
We strive to cultivate a culture of care , free of violence , where the ultimate goal is not just to survive , but to thrive as individuals and as communities .
We envision a world in which all communities get to self - determine the source of their care , medicine , and wellness .
http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/LampshadedDoubleEntendre
aka : If You Know What I Mean
Arthur Nudge , Monty Python 's Flying Circus " Your wife .
Is she a a goer ?
Eh ?
Know what I mean ? "
Advertisement :
A character , after delivering a Double Entendre , adds a remark to their statement to ensure that the audience spots the hidden meaning .
Alternatively , after hearing somebody else deliver a double entendre , appends it for them to much the same effect .
Typical phrases used for this purpose include :
See also Do n't Explain the Joke .
If the person did n't mean to make a double entendre but realizes it , they may say That Came Out Wrong .
Has a distinct familiarity with Does This Remind You of Anything ?
and Intercourse with You .
If the person being talked to still does n't get it , see Entendre Failure .
Compare Heh Heh , You Said " X " .
Advertisement :
NOTE : This trope is about pointing out a Double Entendre .
If you find a double entendre sinkholed to this article or one of its former titles , remove the sinkhole .
Use Euphemism Buster for when the Double Entendre is made clear .
heh , sink hole .
Examples :
open / close all folders
Anime & Manga
The dark anime Paranoia Agent was not without its humor : Maniwa :
For girls like her , who subconsciously act so fragile and sensitive , you have to be patient and treat her gently .
Like the way you peel a ripe peach .
Ikari :
So you wanna peel her peach ?
Maniwa : Ya'know , women hate dirty jokes .
Comedy
George Carlin discussed sex in commercials , both subliminal and open back in the early 70s .
He brought up the tagline for Tiparillo cigars : " Should a gentleman offer a lady a Tiparillo ? "
Carlin : " The big scene in the commercial is a train going into a tunnel .
You do n't have to be Fellini to figure that one out ! "
Advertisement :
Comic Books
Finbarr Saunders of the controversial " adult " comic Viz was a parody of this .
He would react to any even marginally suggestive line with spluttered laughs ( written " Fnarr fnarr " ) eyeball rolling , nudges ( " Eh? Eh ? " ) , and silly catchphrases ( " As the actress said to the bishop " ) , but would put innocent interpretations on the words of his mother and Mr Gimlet the lodger as they went off to have sex .
Mrs. S : How about a little shag , Mr Gimlet ?
Mr. G : Righto , Mrs. Saunders , I 'll just get me pipe out .
Finbarr assumes she 's offering him some tobacco .
Comic Strips
My Cage features a strip were Norm mentions to Rex that even though he was n't able get a dinner reservation he and Bridget still have " plans " for the night ( complete with ribbing and winking )
Rex correctly guesses that said " plans " are eating mac and cheese in front of Heroes .
Boner 's Ark , a strip with cartoon animals , had Dum - Dum the gorilla dating Priscilla Pig , always standing on the deck holding hands .
Panel 1 [ Hyena ] : " Man , if I was dating Priscilla Pig I would n't just hold her hand ! " [ Dum - Dum ] : " Really ?
What would you do ? "
Panel 2 Hyena grins and nudges Dum - Dum in the ribs .
Panel 3 [ that evening ]
Dum - Dum grins and nudges Priscilla in the ribs .
Fan Works
Films — Live - Action
Subverted in BASEketball , in which Baxter Cain repeatedly utters this line , but each time is referring to the purely literal meaning of the Double Entendre , rather than the lewd one .
Baxter :
My hallway could use a good buffing , if you know what I mean
Yvette : I think I know exactly what you mean
( cut to Yvette struggling to control an electric buffer in a hallway )
Or it could be that his intended double entendre went right above Yvette 's head .
Nobody catching Cain 's metaphors is one of the film 's running jokes , after all .
The murder - mystery spoof Murder by Death : Twain :
No , do n't look at each other !
Look at me !
I ? m the greatest !
I 'm number one !
Sam Diamond :
To me , you look like number two .
Know what I mean ?
Dora Charleston : ... What does he mean , Miss Skeffington ?
Miss Skeffington : I 'll tell you later .
It 's disgusting .
In Spider - Man 3 with Eddie Brock / Venom and Mary Jane Venom : Oooh , my spider sense is tingling ... if you know what I 'm talking about .
In Harry Potter and the Half - Blood Prince , Cormac McLaggen asks Ron if he can introduce him to Hermione , stating " I 'd like to get to know her on a first name basis , know what I mean ? "
In Shelter , Jeanne is concerned because her brother Zach has been surfing with Shaun , who 's gay .
She talks to Zach about it , saying : " I do n't think that he 's the best guy to be hanging out with all day half naked , if you know what I mean . "
Easy A : Rosemary Penderghast : No , your father is as straight as they come .
A little too straight , if you know what I mean , girlfriend .
Olive Penderghast : I do n't .
RoboCop ( 1987 ) : " I got a date .
Couple " models " comin ' to my place .
You know what I mean ? "
" I 'd buy that for a dollar ! "
Scotty 's smarmy talk about the Enterprise in Star Trek ( 2009 ) qualifies as a Nudge : Scotty : So , the Enterprise has had its maiden voyage , has it ?
She is one well - endowed lady .
I 'd like to get my hands on her " ample nacelles , " if you pardon the engineering parlance ...
Chinatown : Loach :
What happened to your nose , Gittes ?
Somebody slammed a bedroom window on it ?
Jake : Nope .
Your wife got excited .
She crossed her legs a little too quick , you understand what I mean pal ?.
Combines with That Came Out Wrong in F/X 2 .
Brian Dennehy 's cop character is explaining to a female character how to use a pistol .
His lesson ends with , " And that 's how you cock the sucker ... " ( * he realizes what he 's just said * ) " ... in a manner of speaking . "
Played with in the Stanley Kubrick adaptation of Lolita .
Humbert and Lolita turn up at a hotel and discover There Is Only One Bed .
Claire Quilty overhears this and later corners Humbert with a long rambling conversation about his beautiful ' daughter ' and how he'd love to have one like her , " you know what I mean " .
Humbert is unaware that Quilty is also a paedophile and so the conversation just leaves him disturbed and confused .
In Iron Man 2 when Pepper Potts states that Christine Everhart " did quite a spread on Tony " , Tony Stark replies that " she wrote a story as well " .
In Dr. Strangelove , Ambassador Sadeski gives President Muffley Premier Kissov 's phone number when his line at the Kremlin could not be reached : Sadeski :
You would never have reached him there , Mr. President .
Premier Kissov is a man of the people but he is also a man , if you get my meaning .
Literature
" As the actress said to the bishop " is actually the Catch Phrase of the Gentleman Thief , The Saint .
Occasionally he turned it around , using " ... as the bishop said to the actress . "
Oddly , since the author is American , in Gene Wolfe 's Book of the New Sun , one character an android Jonas is fond of inserting " as x said to y " comments in his speech , although unlike most examples , they do n't always have a bawdy connotation .
Justified Trope , in that this habit reveals an important point about his background .
Jonas is fond of inserting " as x said to y " comments in his speech , although unlike most examples , they do n't always have a bawdy connotation .
Nanny
Ogg quite often used double entendres ( though , as the books note , hers were single entendres and proud of it . )
" Just twist the first thing you can grab " , as the High Priest said to the vestal virgin .
Nanny
Ogg 's actions are occasionally described like this .
For example , she often likes to sing about how fortunate the hedgehog is compared to an unbelievable number of other animals .
While doing humorous gestures
Sam Weller of The Pickwick Papers has a Catch Phrase of " Wellerisms " , all of which are of the " As the X said to the Y " type .
Total says this in Max , before walking away with Akila .
Total : Gotta go .
Timmy's in the well .
If you know what I mean .
The Dresden Files : Harry and Thomas both occasionally point out double entendres uttered by themselves or by other people .
Thomas : Heh. " Exposed " .
American anthropologist Clifford Geertz actually pulled off several academic double entendres in his 1972 book , The Interpretation of Cultures .
In chapter 15 , which is all about cockfighting in Bali , Geertz makes an obvious double entendre , and lampshades it by saying that the double entendre is entirely intentional in Balinese culture .
He then seemingly proceeds to pepper in as many cock - based double entendres as he can .
For example , on page 418 : But the intimacy of men with their cocks is more than metaphorical .
Balinese men ... spend an enormous amount of time with their favorites , grooming them , feeding them , discussing them ... or just gazing at them with a mixture of rapt admiration and dreamy self - absorption .
Live - Action TV
Music
" Physical " by Olivia Newton - John .
The music video adds either another layer of entendre ( the first verse shows a bunch of built men working out with gym equipment wearing tiny briefs ) or funny moments ( the bulk of the song shows Olivia as the gym instructor to a group of very overweight guys ) or both ( Olivia returns to room of the skimpily - dressed muscle men , who all turn out to be gay ) .
" by Olivia Newton - John .
The music video adds either another layer of entendre ( the first verse shows a bunch of built men working out with gym equipment wearing tiny briefs ) or funny moments ( the bulk of the song shows Olivia as the gym instructor to a group of very overweight guys ) or both ( Olivia returns to room of the skimpily - dressed muscle men , who all turn out to be gay ) .
" Love Sex Magic " by Ciara .
" So let me drive my body around you / I bet you know what I mean "
Likewise , " Shut Up And Drive " by Rihanna .
" Got you where you wanna go , if you know what I mean
Got a ride that 's smoother than a limousine ... "
Spinal Tap has a song called " Big Bottom , " where a few blindingly obvious Double Entendres are punctuated with " You Know What I Mean ! "
Stephen Lynch 's song " If I Were Gay " .
" It 's not that I do n't care ; I do / I just do n't see myself in you /
Another time , another scene / I 'd be right behind you , if you know what I mean !
Peaches , when she bothers with double entendres instead of single ones .
" ' Cause I wanna take you downtown / Show you my thing ... "
" Do n't you know it 's supposed to feel better for boys ... "
Right Said Fred , " I'm Too Sexy . "
" I 'm a model , you know what I mean ... "
" Oh Yeah " by Yello .
AC / DC : " See me ride out of the sunset , on your colour TV screen .
Up for all that I can get , if you know what I mean . "
- T.N.T
The Beatles ' " I Saw Her Standing There " : " Well she was just seventeen / You know what I mean " Reportedly , this was unintentional : Paul McCartney just thought the original ( " never a beauty queen " ) was a Painful Rhyme .
And from " I Want to Hold Your Hand " there is this phrase which lead many people to believe that ' handholding ' was a metaphor for something ... saucier : " Yeah you 've got that somethin / I think you 'll understand / when I say that somethin ' / I wanna hold your hand
Wolfmother 's " Woman " " She 's a woman , ( If ) YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN ! "
" I 'd Rather Be Lucky " by Brad Johner : " And your girlfriend can't keep her hands off you /
If you know what I mean "
Ingrid Michaelson 's
" You and I " " Maybe I wanna do what bunnies do with you /
If you know what I mean . "
Tone Loc 's " Wild Thing " : " Took her to the hotel / She said , ' You 're the king ? '/
I said , ' Be my queen , if you know what I mean , and let us do the wild thing ! ' "
Mountain's " Mississippi Queen " " Mississippi queen , if you know what I mean "
" Take a Little Ride " by Jason Aldean : " I hope you re wearing those frayed out cut - offs / Makes me want to get lost down in the moonlight /
Drop the tailgate down on a turn road /
Watch the corn grow , baby that s a good night /
Anyone from the heartland is gonna understand /
What I m talking about right now "
Legendary Bluesman Robert Johnson muttered a sly : " You know what I 'm talkin ' about " after the line : " You can squeeze my lemon ' til the juice runs down my leg " .
The line was later appropriated by Led Zeppelin in " The Lemon Song "
George Strait's Cajun - flavored " Adalida " has this one :
The way that you 're lookin ' , you got me a - cookin '
And I ain't talkin ' ' bout étouffée
" Downtown " by Lady Antebellum .
" by Lady Antebellum .
" Pontoon " by Little Big Town .
" by Little Big Town .
" I'll Always Come Back " by K.T Oslin is about her bed buddy as it is revealed in the line " ' Cause you 've got the touch that turns me into a toy " .
From Ozzy Osbourne's " Mr. Crowley " : Mr. Crowley
Wo n't you ride my white horse ?
Mr. Crowley
It 's symbolic , of course
Theater
Sweeney Todd : The Demon Barber of Fleet Street contains the following discussion of what to do with a dead body .
Note that the script manages to use " if you get it " as a non-sexual double - entendre : Mrs. Lovett :
Think of it as thrift , as a gift , if you get my drift !
Todd : No .
Mrs. Lovett : Seems an awful waste ...
I mean , with the price of meat .
What it is , when you get it , if you get it ...
Todd : Ahh ...
Mrs. Lovett : Good you got it .
Think of it as thrift , as a gift , if you get my drift !
No .
Seems an awful waste ...
I mean , with the price of meat .
What it is , when you get it , if you get it ... Ahh ...
The introduction to one translation of Aristophanes ' plays gives an example of the difficulties a translator faces : jokes were made about people from the island of Salamis , because they had to row to the mainland , and the ancient Greek word for ' row ' had a double meaning .
Since modern audiences would n't pick up on this , the translators had to add a Lampshaded Double Entendre : " She 's from Salamis , need I say more ? "
Video Games
Web Animation
Homestar Runner : Parodied in the Strong Bad Email " lackey " , when Strong Bad makes excessive use of quotation marks when describing , in increasingly explicit terms , why The Cheat is such a diligent lackey .
Strong Bad :
The Cheat is a good lackey because he " knows what 's best " and " does n't want to get left by the side of the road during a thunderstorm " or " taped to Pom - Pom again . "
It probably also has to do with the fact that I " treat him like a brother that 's not Strong Sad " instead of a " little yellow squeaky thing that some - the - times steals my lady - types . "
Red vs. Blue has Tucker and his catchphrase " bow- chika - bow - wow ! "
He 'll say it in response to himself or someone else .
Once , this causes him to be caught , when he and Church are spying on Carolina and Washington 's conversation .
After one too many phrases , Tucker can't help but say his catchphrase and nearly gets shot for his efforts .
YouTube Poop has used Hotel Mario 's line " Get the hint ? " for various purposes ranging from very subtle to completely blatant .
The G Mod Idiot Box episode 7's " Extenze " scene , with lines from an actual advertisement : Woman :
What 've you got there , honey ?
Man : I ordered a male enhancement product .
Called Extenze .
Woman : Male enhancement ...
You mean like building more muscles ?
Man : No !
You know , like ... [ ridiculous look on face ]
Male enhancement .
Web Comics
Web Original
Western Animation
“ A method to produce the perfect book . ”
The perfect book .
This is how designer - genius Jan Tschichold described this system .
Not the ok book , nor the pretty good book , but the perfect book .
This method existed long before the computer , the printing press and even a defined measuring unit .
No picas or points , no inches or millimeters .
It can be used with nothing more than a straight edge , a piece of paper and a pencil .
And you can still use it .
This is a system which is still as valid , beautiful and elegant with ultra-modern design as it ever was for the work of the scribes , Gutenberg and Tschichold .
The Secret Canon & Page Harmony
Books were once a luxury only the richest could afford and would take months of work to be brought to fruition .
And they were harmoniously beautiful .
The bookmakers knew the secret to the perfect book .
They shared among themselves a system — a canon — by which their blocks of text and the pages they were printed on would “ agree with one another and become a harmonious unit . ”
So elegant is this method of producing harmony that a few designers saw to rediscover it .
Even though it was considered a trade - secret , they all came to the same conclusion , hundreds of years apart , independent of one another , but each supported by the other .
They found the way to design a harmonious page .
A perfect page .
There ’s a dance to all this
Let ’s look at this dance , shall we ?
In its simplest form , here is the canon , without the guides .
And here it is with them ( using the Van de Graaf Canon and Tschichold ’s recommended 2:3 page - size ratio , which we ’ll get into next ) .
The beauty of the textblock begins to soar through its position , size and the relationship it holds with the page upon which it rests .
Not only does the ( Tschichold ) canon and its rules lead the textblock to having the same ratio of the page , but it also positions it in perfectly whole units .
This is where the harmony is found .
Without anything more than a straight edge and a pencil , this process will give you — every single time — a textblock which is in a relatively exact position and size , with echoed margins , all of which are elegantly rational .
No matter the page size , you will always end up with a 9×9 grid , with the textblock 1/9th from the top and inside , and 2/9ths from the outside and bottom .
How is this dance beautiful ?
Oh , let me count the ways !
A module is to a grid , as a cell is to a table .
Firstly , our 2:3 ratio is back !
Right there !
The inner margin is 2 to a 3 of the upper margin .
Our outer margin and bottom margin ?
Double those !
4 to the outer and 6 to the bottom !
And the modules ?
Oh how wonderfully the modules of our grid echos the 2:3 ratio !
Then there is the fact that on a spread , the textblocks on both pages will be the same distance apart , over the gutter , as they are from the outer edge of the page .
“… because we hold the book by the lower margin when we take it in the hand and read it ” — Paul Renner .
And yet another piece of practically beauty ?
The textblock sits in the upper section of the page , which is more inline with where our eyes rest on a page , as well as giving space at the bottom for our hands to hold the book open without covering any content .
Small , but lovely .
And my favourite aspect of this page block ?
Where I believe the harmony comes to a wonderful climax ?
The height of the textblock is equal to the width of the page .
Oh how my heart leapt when I learned this !
This simple , almost insignificant fact gives such joy that I understand why Tschichold spent years pouring over the manuscripts of the scribes !
It brings a smile to my face because of the logic and reason it puts forth .
It ’s a logic which gives way to grace , which leads to beauty — graphic design at its most beautiful .
The Canons of the Elegant
… Or how I learned to stop worrying and love four answers to the same question .
Earlier I made mention of a few designers who stumbled over this canon of page design and that they did that independently .
What ’s of real interest is that they came to the same conclusion differently .
Let ’s dive into the minds of four creatives , shall we ?
The J. A. Van de Graaf Canon
The easiest to draw and possibly the first to be explicitly used for the book , the Van de Graaf canon is the one most often seen when page canons are discussed .
Van de Graaf ’s canon is the result of looking and understanding .
He gave his attention to the books printed over a fifty year period beginning with the first — Gutenberg ’s Bible in 1455 .
Looking at the books of this time , Van de Graaf came to the conclusion that many books used some system in determining the position and size of the textblock .
The brilliance of the system that was used by these early book designers is that they had virtually no standard measuring unit .
Yet the pages of their books were always laid out with the same spirit .
What Van de Graaf discovered was that no matter the size of the page , or the ratio it took , his canon will always result in the top left corner of the textblock being 1/9th form the top and 1/9th from the inside margin , ensuring that the textblock will be positioned consistency and with balance and harmony .
Villard de Honnecourt ’s Diagram
Practicing in 13th century France , Honnecourt was an architect who used a similar principle to design the pages of his Workshop Record Book that he did when working on his structures .
It is n’t a diagram that Villard devised that ’s of special mention , but the system he developed — known as Villard ’s Figure — to divide a straight line into logical and harmonious parts consisting of thirds , fourths , fifths and so on , infinitely .
I mentioned earlier that you can always come to a 9×9 grid using these canons .
This is an instance where you can also come to a grid of sixths , ninths , twelfths and so on .
Shown here is a reproduction of Villard ’s Figure applied to a 2:3 page , and as expected , the textblock has the same features as the other canons .
Beautiful , no ?
If you were to apply the same practice that ’s here on its self again , you would end up with a margin of 1/12th , and if again , 1/15th .
This is a moment in which the boundaries separating graphic design and architecture were blurred , showing that the development of pleasing ratios , shapes and sizes is not dependent on the medium , but the mind .
Raúl Rosarivo ’s Gutenberg Canon
Much like Van de Graaf , but much more recently in 1947 , Rosarivo looked at the books of Gutenberg and his contemporaries , including Peter Schöffer and Nicolaus Jenson , to find what secrets their pages held .
Using a compass , ruler ( and , obviously , measuring units that were standard ) , Rosarivo found that there was a system to Gutenberg ’s book that can be seen , understood and applied to any other page .
In short , the system works by dividing the height and width of the page into 9ths .
The diagonal rules and circle helps to establish text block width and height , which is really a support system , should you use the 2:3 ratio .
This is of benefit because it shows how closely Gutenberg followed the lead of the scribes of the time , not only in texture of page and shape of letters , but in the design of the page too .
Tschichold ’s Secret Canon
As well as a talented and passionate graphic designer and typographer , Tschichold was a skilled calligrapher who practiced throughout Europe during the early 20th century .
So passionate he was that he sought a new understanding “ of book page construction as it was used during late Gothic times . ”
The culmination of his work in 1953 resulted in Tschichold ’s Golden Canon …
Which through further research he found mirrored those which had come before .
But rather than be discouraged , he found reassurance .
Tschichold even described Villard ’s figure as “ the final and most rewarding confirmation of my results . ”
And more than just stumble over repetitive results , he realised that a number of people , those mentioned here , had all come to the same conclusions through different means .
He saw the string that ran through this history .
Tschichold had the benefit of modern tools and drawing systems , so his diagram is n’t obviously drawn like those of Graaf or Honnecourt , though they do support his findings .
In The Form of the Book , he expresses that “ the key to this positioning of the type area is the division into nine pans of both the width and the height of the page [ much like using Rosarivo ’s canon ] .
The simplest way to do this was found by J. A. van de Graaf . ”
So while Tschichold had established the blue - print of the Gothic manuscripts , he happily turned to the work of others to show how to draw it , seeing that their ideas and his own aligned perfectly .
However he did establish a new rule — the page ratio is best at 2:3 .
This was the magic bullet that the other canons were missing .
His reasoning was that it sits within the Fibonacci Sequence , as well as the Golden Ratio , and establishes that the textblock will be harmonious and proportional to the page — it ’s how the height of it equals the width of the page .
He reveled in this elegance , as well as that of the margin proportions of 2:3:4:6 ( inner , top , outer , bottom ) , equated to the margins of 9ths found by Honnecourt , Graaf and Rosarivo .
It ’s all so neat and holds reason .
Tschichold gave a harmony to the elegant .
The Dance of the Four Canons
Modern Examples
Though largely forgotten today , methods and rules upon which it is impossible to improve have been developed for centuries .
To produce perfect books these rules have to be brought to life and applied .
— Jan Tschichold —
A PDF of all that ’s found below is also available .
While I do find a certain kind of beauty in the diagrams above , they are n’t much without a little aesthetic sensibility thrown in , are they ?
I quickly pulled together three examples of how the diagram might be used , in the hope of getting your mind ticking .
Minimal Magazine Spread
One with which I truly had some fun .
I worked to have the text play within the guides , rather than be manipulated by them .
The baseline of the intro paragraph sits near the 1/6th intersection , the tower sits so the island upon which it stands is at the bottom of the textblock but the cross -page diagonal shoots right through the middle of it .
Annual Report Spread
Alright , so a fairly dull bit of content , but it shows how the grid can be used .
The outer margins work so nicely for subheads and notes that I could n’t pass up the chance to lay this out .
It is the empty space that works for this layout , as it often does for typography , especially as we have a bit of room to comfortably hold our hanging numbers — something always worth being happy about !
I also tried to stick to Tschichold ’s idea of holding about 10 words on average to a line , which I think works quite nicely here .
Those with keen eyes will notice the title Global Locations sits on the 1/12th line , while our textblock starts at the 1/9th .
Even keener ones will notice the margin between the subhead and the textblock is equal to our leading .
It ’s this kind of little touch that helps separate ourselves from amateur and take a step toward professional .
Illustrated Title Page for Magazine
Almost purely by accident did this happen .
Notice how the text sits within the rules , especially the N of No and the E of ate ?
While I had the textblock guides showing , I did n’t have the Villard Diagram on — I simply placed the title text within the textblock in a way that felt balanced and even , with a little over hang here and there .
Then when I turned the Diagram on , I was so pleased to see how it all landed !
I also really enjoy the way the intro text sits tightly between the bottom of the textblock and the 1/3rd vertical line .
You ’ll also notice that I tried to have the main features of the face sit comfortably in the textblock also and so that the title text was balanced .
Gently Evoking
I look at these lines — these systems — and I hear the gentle sliding of a string quartet dancing from note - to - note .
This layout slides smoothly into position , much like the notes , gently evoking and beautifully striving so the heart of the content may dance .
Today , all this is far easier — but that is n’t the point , is it ?
The point is to have some sort of balance .
Yeah , that ’s it .
Running through Tschichold ’s Golden Canon or the Villard Figure is of little meaning , right ?
Well .
Maybe .
Though …
I do like the elegance and process of doing it as if I were using a pencil and straight edge digitally .
It ’s a lovely routine that gives me joy .
But , this is also of little meaning in the end .
So then , what is of meaning ?
Simply put — what goes into the text block .
What goes around it .
What directs the eye to it and what we as designers and copy writers and illustrators do with this space .
Putting the text in the right place does n’t make the text right to look at .
It ’s only the first — balanced and harmonious — foot forward .
I am here to debunk a myth .
People think baseball is boring but they are oh so wrong .
I admit it does n’t seem thrilling to watch 18 semi - in - shape men play a slow - paced game that involves 30 second spurts of action with 3 minute breaks between each play .
I admit it ’s the only sport where every single player can call as many time - outs as he wants .
I admit that one o
I admit that the strategy of sacrifice bunting is n’t exactly a made - for - television event .
I admit that hitting a ground ball to the right side so a runner on second base can advance to third does n’t exactly compare to 300 - pound football giants smashing into each other on every single play .
I admit that having an annual award named the Gold Glove is n’t exactly insp
I admit that pitchers spend too much time chatting with catchers rather than just throwing a fucking pitch already .
I admit that pitchers spend too much time looking at , then shaking off signs rather than just throwing a fucking pitch already .
I admit that pitchers spend too much time throwing over to first base rather than just throwing a fucking pitch already .
A
Should the usual application of effort and the standard application of the law not provide a ready course , the attorneys at Higgins Law will propose creative solutions to protect our clients ’ interests .
In the past 20 years , the lawyers at Higgins Law have , through advocacy on their clients ’ behalf , had a direct hand in changing and developing the law as it pertains to the removal of children from the state , the rights due a citizen in contempt actions and protection orders , fathers ’ rights and the role of guardians ad litem — among others .
Located in Omaha , , we handle cases in Douglas County , Sarpy County and surrounding areas .
To contact an experienced Nebraska family law attorney , please call our firm at 402-933-7600 .
Image caption
Shell said the business was recovering from the lows seen in 2009
Second - quarter profits at oil giant Royal Dutch Shell have almost doubled after the firm completed a year - long corporate restructuring programme .
The firm reported profits of $ 4.5 bn ( £ 2.9bn ) on a current cost of supplies basis , up from $ 2.3 bn a year ago .
Chief executive Peter Voser also defended deep sea oil drilling in the wake of rival BP 's massive oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
Meanwhile , US oil giant Exxon Mobil reported quarterly profits of $ 7.6bn .
This was a rise of 85 % on the $ 4.1 bn it posted a year earlier .
Revenue rose to $ 92.5bn , 23 % higher than the $ 72.5 bn it made a year ago .
The profits are in sharp contrast to crisis hit rival BP who earlier this week reported a record $ 17bn second - quarter loss .
This included a provision of $ 32bn to cover the costs of the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
Shell 's chief executive said the explosion on BP's Deepwater Horizon oil rig in April and the subsequent oil spill had been a tragedy .
However , he added : " Worldwide deep water production has an important role to play in the global energy supply equation , with potential for production growth with supply diversity and sustained investment in technology , jobs and services . "
Revamp
In contrast to BP , who suspended dividends for the rest of the year , Shell said it would pay a second quarter dividend of $ 0.42 per share .
Excluding one - off items , Shell 's profit was $ 4.2bn , compared with $ 3.1 bn last year .
Shell said that its restructuring programme had achieved cost savings of $ 3.5 bn , beating its target by about 15 % and some six months ahead of schedule .
It added that as a result of the changes , 7,000 employees would leave the company 18 months earlier than planned .
Shell also said it expected to sell $ 7 bn - $ 8 bn of assets in 2010 - 11 as it refocuses its portfolio on projects with higher growth potential .
" We continue to see mixed signals in the global economy , " Mr Voser said .
" Oil prices have remained firm so far this year , but refining margins , oil products demand and natural gas spot prices all remain under pressure .
" Our earnings and cashflow have rallied from 2009 's lows , but the outlook remains uncertain . "
The price Shell received for its oil was 41 % higher than the same period a year ago , while gas prices were 15 % higher .
' Focused strategy '
Richard Hunter , head of UK equities at stockbrokers Hargreaves Lansdown , said Shell 's update underlined the " stark difference in fortunes of the UK's two oil majors " .
" Whereas its fierce rival BP has been the subject of forced introspection , Shell has continued to drive its own prospects forward , " he commented .
" Refining margins are improving , the restructuring programme continues apace and the proposed sale of assets will enable a more focused strategy in the future . "
“ I honestly could n’t say more good things about The Law Offices of Bailey and Burke .
I was in an accident years ago .
It was the first time I had ever been in the situation , and my brother referred me to The Law Offices of Bailey and Burke .
Shawn Bailey was my lawyer , and I honestly could n’t ask for a better lawyer to work with for my case .
During such a uncomfortable process , he made it manageable and was so caring throughout .
There were times when I wanted to move on with my life , but he demanded that I make sure that my body was taken care of first and foremost , prior to taking the next step of the case .
They genuinely care about you not just as a client , but as a person as well .
I absolutely feel like I was taken care of for the whole process and have told them they can use me as a reference anytime .
Thank you so much , for everything ! “
Jose Gomez ( Google )
Microsoft has discontinued the Kin phones line , just six weeks after it launched the devices .
The company blamed low sales numbers , and was reluctant to say how many it sold exactly .
But the Kin 's failure comes as no surprise , with a troubled Microsoft playing catch - up in the mobile world .
The Kin phones were too pricey from the beginning .
They were n't exactly smartphones , but they were priced like one .
The Kin One cost $ 130 , and the Kin Two cost $ 150 with a two - year Verizon contract ( before a mail - in rebate ) .
Verizon dramatically slashed Kin prices earlier this week by $ 100 , with the Kin Two at a mere $ 50 and Kin One at $ 30 .
But Verizon 's price cuts were not enough .
Microsoft targeted the Kin at teenagers , as an always - connected device for their social lives on Twitter and Facebook .
This Internet connectivity however , came at a cost : Verizon 's data and voice charges for the Kin ranged up to $ 70 per month , an amount most teenagers working at fast - food counters would struggle to meet for their phone alone .
Microsoft and Verizon did n't want to give any indication as to how many Kins they sold in the first six weeks of availability , leaving plenty of room for speculation .
A rumor from Business Insider said that Microsoft sold only 500 Kins , while a CNet source was much more generous , placing the figure " south of 10,000 . "
Nevertheless , such reports point to a low number .
Although cool for a teenager , the Kin phones arrived perhaps a year too late .
An interesting revelation in this area came from Engadget 's Joshua Topolsky , who claims that the device should have made it to the market 18 months ago -- but the Kins were delayed , as Microsoft allegedly wanted the operating system on the phones to be based on Windows , instead of the Sidekick platform , which Microsoft acquired with Danger in 2008 .
Plus , the Kin OS had no apps or maps , and paired with a price tag too steep for its target audience , the Microsoft Kin was pretty much dead on arrival .
Why would a teenager want Microsoft 's expensive hipster phone , when they could get , for $ 99 , an iPhone 3GS with iOS 4 and join the iParty ?
Alternatively , Palm's Pre and Pixi Plus phones carry pricing similar to the original pricing for the Kins , but have more software features -- making them a better deal than a Kin .
Microsoft said it would continue to sell the Kin through Verizon ( it probably has plenty of the initial stock left over ) , but the company said that it is now focusing exclusively on the Windows Phone 7 operating system , arriving later this year .
Let 's hope Microsoft has better luck with that product .
We normally talk about two ways to price carbon : a carbon tax or a cap - and - trade system .
These policies would be imposed on producers , but it 's easier to think about them as if they focused on you .
Imagine the government added 75 cents to every gallon of gasoline .
You 'd strongly consider using less of it .
That 's the carbon tax .
Now imagine the government limited every American 's driving privileges to 100 miles per week .
That 's a cap .
If I needed to drive more , I 'd " buy " extra miles from my friend who drives less .
That 's the trade .
Both policies raise the price of carbon in the hopes that producers shift toward cleaner technologies and consumers use less dirty energy .
The Debate
There are basically three arguments against carbon pricing that enclose each other like Russian nesting dolls .
The Big Doll objection is that global warming is not real .
The Medium Doll objection is that global warming is real , but we 're exaggerating its negative consequences -- or we 're not sure emissions are to blame .
The Small Doll objection is that global warming is real , and we 're not exaggerating its negative consequences , but we should focus on less ambitious solutions , like targeted subsidies for low - carbon technologies ( e.g. , cash for wind farms , sun panels , grassy roofs ... ) .
The Big Doll objection is almost certainly wrong .
The Medium Doll objection is serious , but at the very least , climate change policy should be considered as social insurance against the likelihood of global climate catastrophe .
The Small Doll objection is misguided because it assumes the government knows which technologies to fund .
It 's better to assume the government knows nothing about technology , period .
Carbon prices send a price signal but allow the private economy to determine how to save money and create the smartest energy technologies without the government 's big thumb on the scale .
There are some legitimate arguments about setting a carbon price that is too high , especially if other countries continue to pursue cheap and dirty energy .
But an appropriate carbon price can achieve two goals .
First , we nudge the private economy toward green tech in anticipation of rabid worldwide demand for clean energy in the next century .
Second , government can use any profits from carbon prices to pay down the deficit and even reduce other taxes on Americans .
_______________________________________________________________________
For more Flashcard posts :
The Value - Added Tax
The Contagion Effect
Deficit Spending ( Stimulus )
The Oil Spill Liability Cap
Carbon Pricing
Arizona Police Officer Says SB 1070 Violates the Constitution
Over at Cure
This my Twitter friend los anjalis blogged this video of Phoenix , Arizona police officer Paul Dobson talking about his opposition to SB 1070 .
" This law is - pure and simple - a racist law , " Dobson says .
Thanks to los anjalis for also transcribing important portions of Officer Dobson 's statement :
So under SB1070 I know that people will not call officers in the case of a real emergency .
I could see this type of scenario : a woman is being beaten by her husband or her significant other .
And , if I show up , and I develop reasonable suspicion , or LESS , even , that the person that is a perpetrator in this case , is in this country extralegally , i'm going to start heading in the direction of asking the victim of the case , are you here illegally ?
I will have to arrest both of them --- I 'll be required to --- and both will be deported .
It violates our calling to serve and protect .
It violates , under our Constitution , the requirement to serve and protect .
That the racist law will deter women from seeking needed protections against domestic violence and could result in victims of abuse being deported with their abuser is an important point .
My Physicians for Human Rights colleagues Kathleen Sullivan and Erin Hustings have made a similar point about how the law will affect asylum seekers who have fled abuse and torture in their home countries .
In 2009 , J - H- was an asylum seeker living in Phoenix , Arizona .
J-H- is a survivor of female genital cutting ( FGC ) in her African homeland .
As a victim of and activist against FGC , J - H- was targeted and violently attacked in her country , and her home was burned to the ground .
Fearing for her life and safety , J - H- fled to the US without good immigration documents , and with almost no material possessions .
In Arizona , J - H- was fortunate to find a volunteer lawyer who helped her apply to the federal government for asylum .
Physicians for Human Rights was able to find a physician from our Asylum Network who was willing to evaluate J - H - in support of her claim to legal protection in the US .
Based on their experiences as advocates for immigrants , Kathleen and Erin elaborate on the type of concern expressed by Officer Dobson :
Past experience with campaigns of immigration raids has shown that legally present immigrants and US family members are more reluctant to take part in civic activities , visit family members , or seek medical help for which they are legally entitled if doing so exposes them to potential questioning and arrest .
If SB 1070 had been in force last year , fear of accessing community services may have prevented J - H- from seeking the legal help she needed to obtain asylum in the US .
A life of fear and insecurity could have added to the physical and mental suffering she endured due to FGM .
SB 1070 is scheduled to be enacted on July 29 .
Earlier in July , the US Department of Justice filed a lawsuit against the state of Arizona to invalidate SB 1070 .
This past week , a coalition of civil rights groups filed a separate lawsuit to block enforcement of SB 1070 while its constitutionality is assessed in the DOJ lawsuit .
Further Reading
Atomium is a stunning monument designed by the engineer Andre Waterkeyn for the International Exhibition of Brussels , that took place here in 1958 .
The Atomium , which is a structure that is half way between sculpture and architecture , symbolising a crystallised molecule of iron by the scale of its atoms , magnified 150 thousand million times .
Side Atomium by Leo | Click to Enlarge :O
Tubes which connect the spheres along the 12 edges of the cube and all eight vertices to the centre enclose escalators connecting the spheres which contain exhibit halls and other public spaces .
The top sphere provides a panoramic view of Brussels .
Each sphere is 18 metres in diameter .
Three spheres are currently ( 2008 ) closed to visitors , others are easily reachable with escalator .
The vertical vertex contains a lift which was considered very fast and advanced at the time of building .
Atomium Vivid Photography by Ludovic | Click to Enlarge :O
Winter Atomium by Qaiser | Click to Enlarge :O
Inside the Elevator of Atomium by Harrie | Click to Enlarge :O
Spring Atomium by John | Click to Enlarge :O
HDR Atomium by Van | Click to Enlarge :O
Close up Atomium by Belcan | Click to Enlarge :O
Brownish Atomium by Qaiser | Click to Enlarge :O
Micro Atomium by Fernando | Click to Enlarge :O
Bottom Up Atomium by Leo | Click to Enlarge :O
Stunning Atomium by Sigfus | Click to Enlarge :O
Creative Atomium by Morton Scott | Click to Enlarge :O
From the Top Atomium by Morton Scott | Click to Enlarge :O
Inside Atomium by Morton Scott | Click to Enlarge :O
Night Atomium by Earth Hour | Click to Enlarge :O
During Earth Hour Atomium by Earth Hour | Click to Enlarge :O
Inside the Elevator of Atomium by Musicfreak | Click to Enlarge :O
Bottom tor of Atomium by Dutch | Click to Enlarge :O
Stairs of Atomium by Sigfus | Click to Enlarge :O
Front Atomium by Leo | Click to Enlarge :O
Category : Europe , Headline
Valeria ’s Potatoe Torte
This is the cake part of the recipe .
We used Russet potatoes , which worked great .
The recipe calls for three eggs , but our eggs were small so we used 4 .
You can experiment with the filling .
We tried to mix cocoa and chocolate into the potatoes and we layered that with chunky cherry preserves .
The results were ok but not great .
I think the original filling is more suitable .
You can also try any ordinary buttercream frosting but then forget about the cake being good for people watching their weight !
You can also eat it without filling like a coffee cake .
In that case add some vanilla and more walnuts .
Ingredients for the cake
Method
1 . Cook the potatoes until soft , then mash them or put them through a ricer .
2 . Let them cool a bit , but while they are still warm add the egg yolks , sugar , and ground walnuts .
Mix well .
3 . Beat the egg whites to form soft peaks , and gently fold into the previous mixture .
4 . Pour it into 2 nine - inch round pans and bake it at 350 F for 20 - 25 minutes .
You wll see that the top is getting a bit golden .
5 . Cool on a rack for 10 minutes , then turn out from the pan and frost as desired .
The recipe for filling :
Cook the potatoes until soft , mash them in a medium bowl , beat in the other ingredients .
Enjoy !
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Adam Ozimek is obviously trying to make my head explode this morning .
Today he points to a new paper from the Boston Fed that investigates the consequences of credit card interchange fees .
The basic background is this : ( 1 ) card companies charge merchants a 1 - 2 % interchange fee on all credit card purchases , ( 2 ) merchants raise the prices of all their products slightly in order to cover this cost , and ( 3 ) because most merchants charge everyone the same price , regardless of whether they use cash or credit , cash users end up paying a little more than they should while card users pay a bit less than the actual cost of the interchange fee they incur .
So what does it all mean ?
On average , each cash - using household pays $ 151 to card - using households and each card - using household receives $ 1,482 from cash users every year .
Because credit card spending and rewards are positively correlated with household income , the payment instrument transfer also induces a regressive transfer from low - income to high - income households in general .
On average , and after accounting for rewards paid to households by banks , the lowest - income household ( $ 20,000 or less annually ) pays $ 23 and the highest - income household ( $ 150,000 or more annually ) receives $ 756 every year .
Is n’t that peachy ?
This is the result of allowing an effective monopoly in the card business , thus giving network providers the power to force merchants to keep interchange fees hidden instead of charging them directly to card users .
Vast masses of poor and middle income families end up paying a few dollars into the system every year while a small number of upper income families reap the benefits .
This is why I do n’t like hidden fees : there ’s rarely much point in keeping something hidden if it ’s fair and equitable .
You only do that if someone is getting screwed .
And guess who gets the shaft more often than not ?
Itchy & Scratchy is funny on The Simpsons ; not so much when they 're raising a ruckus in your nether regions .
Heat my shorts ?
Just the opposite , thanks to Japanese ingenuity in the form of Delicare - M's cream .
Delicare M's ( the " M " is for Men ) is a topical cream from Japanese pharmaceutical company Ikeda Mohando that features an added cooling ingredient .
Sort of like Icy
Hot without the hot part ; something that should keep users singing a happy tune and not Great Balls of Fire .
Though by no means confined to Japan , the irksome inflammation and irritation Delicare M's is designed to soothe is exacerbated by the wearing of traditional " salaryman " business suits in overcrowded subway trains during Japan 's rainy season and humid summer .
In other words , the country 's weather provides a Perfect Storm for what some like to call Jock Itch .
You may have thought the Japanese government 's annual adoption of the Cool Biz informal clothing campaign was driven by fears of global warming ... more like fears of warmer globes .
Not only business types are affected , either ; this sweaty summer scrotal scourge is suffered by sportsmen , professionals , everyday Joes and more who are all desperately seeking some relief .
Do n't believe it ?
Check out this somewhat bizarre TV commercial for Delicare M's , c/o Japan Trends :
As mentioned , neither personal itchiness nor the various remedies for it are exclusive to Japan ; what 's interesting ( and often amusing ) is the way different cultures deal with issues that are seen by some to be , well , sensitive .
( via Japan Trends and Le Japon et le Néant )
By Farooq Tariq
July 16 , 2010 --
On July 6 , while Mustansar Rindhawa was listening to a worker who had not been paid his wages by a textile boss , an unknown person with a Kalashnikov rifle entered the front room and fired .
Mustansar tried to save his life by running to the next room .
I met Mustansar Rindhawa ( 32 ) briefly on June 19 , 2010 , in Faisalabad , less than a month before his murder .
He was one of 30 participants in a trade union leadership training course at the Labour Qaumi Movement ( LQM ) office .
The LQM is a community - based labour organisation established in 2004 .
It has become the main labour organisation in Faisalabad , and is now spreading to other cities .
I had been invited by the Labour Education Foundation , the organisation conducting the program , to speak on " globalisation and its impact on the working class in Pakistan " .
Mustansar Rindhawa and Hamid Shah were introduced to me as two newcomers to the movement .
Both have been active in the small - scale industrial zone of Faisalabad .
Latif Bawa , the LQM vice - president told me , " They are doing an excellent job .
They have set up an office on Sargodha Road and have put up over 5000 posters asking workers to contact the office about any labour issue and raise the demand that there should be a social security card for every worker . "
Latif added that Mustansar was to be " our next candidate for Punjab Assembly constituency 64 .
We are expecting another MPA [ member of the Punjab Assembly ] to be disqualified because he has also used a fake graduation degree ; the case is pending in the courts . "
Mustansar told me that he had read a lot about me and heard me speak at public meetings during Mian Abdul Qayum 's recent election campaign : " I want you to come for my election campaign .
You will see the response of the working class and peasantry in my constituency .
I have a good reputation and will fight courageously . "
Mustansar was very enthusiastic about the workshop and was eager to participate in future training .
We need well - educated worker activists but there are too few opportunities to attend such workshops .
At his request we took a group photo .
Later , while driving to Sarghoda Road , I saw the Labour Party Pakistan ( LPP ) election symbol -- an apple -- on the back of a car just ahead .
As I passed the car , I looked over and saw it was Mustansar driving with Mian Abdul Qayum .
We exchanged smiles -- and that was the last time I saw Mustansar .
On July 6 , 2010 , while Mustansar was listening to a worker who had not been paid his wages by a textile boss , an unknown person with a Kalashnikov rifle entered the front room and fired , hitting Mustansar 's younger brother , Naseer .
Mustansar tried to save his life by running to the next room and locking the door but some 10 people were determined to finish him off .
They broke the glass , the assailant fired at him and killed him on the spot .
The workers sitting next to him at the beginning of the attack said it all happened within a minute .
It was 1 pm and the news spread like wildfire .
Mustansar had become a popular leader of the LQM .
He was not a factory worker but a community leader in his village , which was adjacent to Faisalabad .
On the eve of the LPP 's fifth congress , he attended the LQM gathering at the famous Dhobi Ghat ground and decided to become part of the movement .
Gangsters
Mustansar was asked to start work in an area of Faisalabad dominated by gangsters .
There was no union and the LQM did not have much influence in the area .
The bosses use gangsters to terrorise the workers , who are very poorly paid .
Some gangsters even terrorise the owners of small factories and power looms to demand kickback money .
After meeting the leaders of LQM , Mustansar prioritised building trade unions .
While showing Rana Tahir , the president of LQM Faisalabad , the office he rented for trade union work , he remarked , " You do not have to worry about the gangsters , we will deal with them .
We are just asking workers to form unions and join the LQM .
I am not afraid of any bloody bugger . "
And he was not .
Despite all the threats , he posted flyers all over and distributed thousands of leaflets asking workers to come to the newly established office of National Trade Union Federation ( NTUF ) and the LQM .
Within three months of joining the movement , he was elected president of the NTUF Faisalabad division .
When I attended his funeral and the protest demonstration I noticed these flyers everywhere .
In fact it was the only poster to be found in his village .
At a time when religious posters dominate walls all over Pakistan , a poster inviting workers to join a trade union was very refreshing to see .
Ashfaq Butt , one of main LQM leaders in Faisalabad , told me on that Mustansar was with him the day before .
He had called to say he needed help in processing several labour cases at the labour department .
The two spent two hours dealing with several cases in which workers had not been paid minimum wages .
Mustansar successfully argued the case of five workers whose employment had been terminated .
Although the powerloom boss accused them of taking advance money and not returning it , he agreed to take the five back .
Strike
After hearing the news of Mustansar 's death as well as the death of his younger brother , thousands of workers left their factories .
Almost all factories in Faisalabad closed and two days later were still not open .
Mustansar was loved by many .
He was the rising star of the new leadership of the LQM and its influence spreading to other cities .
Jhang , an adjacent district , saw the largest workers ' rally in protest against the killing .
Workers gathered in Pansra , 20 kilometres from the Faisalabad city centre , and started a solidarity action .
It was mainly young powerloom workers who marched .
When they arrived in Faisalabad more than four hours later they were more than 5000 .
With wooden sticks in their hands they asked shopkeepers to close their businesses in memory of the two labour leaders .
Hardly anyone resisted .
The famous eight bazaars of Faisalabad around Ghanta Ghar were also closed for a while .
Workers wanted to settle scores with those who argued against closing the shops .
Then the LQM leadership intervened to keep emotions under control .
When the driver of one of the public vans abused the marchers three public vans had their glass smashed .
The police were silent spectators -- they realised any attempt to intervene would only aggravate the situation .
The leadership of the LQM gave the police a 24 - hour deadline to arrest the 10 people mentioned in the first investigation report .
The police chief assured us he would do his best to arrest the murderers .
We decided to keep the office open where the two lost their lives in the struggle to build a labour movement .
Anwar Awan from the area has taken responsibility to mobilise workers to staff the office 's security .
While having some rest after a whole day of activities at Anwar 's home in the afternoon , we learned that Anwar had once been one of the main leaders of Anjman Sapa Sahaba , a fanatical religious group banned by the government .
He left them two years back to join the LQM .
In his late 20s , Anwar gave me a glimpse of the days to come .
People from all different traditions and backgrounds will join us as we become a mass force .
In this way Mustansar will remain alive in the shape of Anwar Awan , Hamid Shah and other comrades .
Anwar told us that the gangsters cannot defeat us .
Certainly we have come out in thousands and both gangsters and working people must have realised the power of the working class .
We will not sit idle but will defend ourselves if attacked .
[ Farooq Tariq is spokesperson for the Labour Party Pakistan .
This article first appeared at Viewpoint . ]
" Douglas Macgregor , a retired colonel , decorated Gulf war veteran and adviser to the Pentagon until 2004 , says he is disturbed by the " modern deification " of generals .
" Most Americans have no military experience , " he tells me .
" They tend to impute to anyone wearing stars a degree of competence and courage associated with battle - hardened leaders of the Second World War or the Korean conflict .
Nothing could be further from the truth . "
According to this view , the Rolling Stone debacle is an example not just of a single general exercising bad judgement , but a microcosm of how the top brass as a whole - arrogant , hubristic , overmighty - have overreached themselves .
It illustrates the urgent need to recalibrate the relationship between democratic politicians and military commanders .
“ Certainly , if President Obama had not fired McChrystal , our civil - military relations problems would have become significantly worse , " says one former Pentagon official who served under George W Bush .
" But what few people recall is that when the Bush administration first came in , they were determined to rectify what they saw as very serious problems with civilian control , and determined to redress the imbalance .
Ironically , because of how the Iraq war turned out , Bush left office with civil - military relations arguably in a far worse state than when he came in .
General Petraeus had become the face not only of the military campaign , but of the strategy and policy of the war in Iraq . " "
Hasan
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Douglas Macgregor
Is a friend .
He is a fighting soldier , and not a politician , Like those whom I respect the most , he was " sacrificed " by the promotion system to the collective ambition of the soldier / politicians who control the system .
We Americans love military leaders too much and seek them as a corrective in a society too much given to commercial greed .
" Greed is good , " Gordon Gecko said .
A lot of us do not really believe that and thus we seek the men who have given all for the Republic .
We should look to find someone like George Marshall , one of the most disinterested men who ever lived .
We are failing in that search .
pl
http://www.newstatesman.com/north-america/2010/07/iraq-military-war-petraeus
Setting aside the naming confusion , this Nokia prototype procured by Negri Electronics just keeps attracting our attention .
Though we saw plenty of it in an earlier video , this latest rendezvous between Finnish hardware and camera lens includes a few familiar suspects to offer us the best size comparison we 've had so far .
Squaring up against a 3.5 - inch iPhone 4 , the QWERTY slider from Nokia seems barely any larger from the front though quite a bit thicker from the side -- an expansion justified by its inclusion of a physical keyboard .
It does a lot better when compared to the EVO 4G and the departing iPhone 3GS , looking only marginally chunkier than those keyboard - less devices .
Do n't take our word for it though -- skip past the break and see for yourself .
P.S. --
The UI on this device looks to us a lot more like Symbian^3 than the S60 the narrator believes it 's running , leading us to think that this is most likely a keyboard - equipped variant of the N8 .
[ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ]
Both established major parties are on the nose .
Diving popularity for Abbott and Rudd and a rejection of their parties by nearly one in four voters have led some , including former Democrat leader Natasha Stott - Despoja to muse whether it ' might even be time for a new political party ? '
So far however , the Greens have been the beneficiary and are proving more electorally effective than their Democrat predecessors which they replaced on the cross - benches .
The surge in the Green polling to up to 16 per cent , along with the party 's recent 20 per cent record in the Tasmanian election , shows that criticism suggesting the party would be unable to attract a broad base of support has proven to be unfounded .
As a former national president of the Australian Democrats , I was among such critics , arguing that the Greens would struggle to replace the Democrats in pulling enough votes from both major parties to threaten the two - party system .
I was wrong , and the proof is not just in the polling but the election results .
The Greens are already surpassing the electoral achievements of the Democrats by entering into a coalition government in Tasmania , and are serious contenders on current polling to win a senator in every state and even seats and the possible balance of power in the House of Representatives .
These are achievements the Australian Democrats , for all their legislative work in the Senate , never made in 30 years - and the Greens have reached this point in half the time .
Critics of the Greens have pointed to perceptions of the party as ' too radical ' and ' left of Labor ' to attract a broad coalition of voters disaffected by the major parties .
The successful if nonetheless misleading campaigns run by the Herald Sun and Family First tarred the Greens with being radical on drugs policy , or ' Watermelons ' who were ' green on the outside and red inside ' .
Scare campaigns can work against the unknown , but the ongoing success and proliferation of Greens representatives in local government as well as local campaigns mean that less of this will stick over time .
The Greens risk is not radicalism , but timidity .
Far from being radical , Greens representatives have been remarkably centrist in their politics .
In terms of the perception of the party as being a collection of ' radical greenies ' , the firm foundation of the party and identification with environmentalism has given the Greens a clarity and continuity of meaning , message and purpose that the more centrist Democrats never had .
By contrast , the Democrats oscillated between messages as they oscillated between leaders , playing centrist one election and progressive the next , as a result eroding voter trust in the brand .
In the end , the Australian Democrats could not even agree what colour their logo should be .
The Greens face no such problem of an ongoing identity crisis that tore their predecessor asunder .
A new party however , would face such a crisis from day one .
Would the new party be ' liberal ' or ' democratic ' , ' Left ' or ' Right ' or ' Centre ' ?
What role would the members play and what powers would they have ?
How would its leaders be chosen ?
Where would the money come from ?
There is simply no time or capacity to resolve such issues several months out from an election .
This is something many potential leaders of such a party , from Malcolm Turnbull to Natasha Stott - Despoja , would factor into their thinking .
It would take a remarkable event and a public groundswell such as that which accompanied the establishment of the Democrats in 1977 , for a new party to attract the necessary talent and resources to challenge established parties , including the Greens .
Whatever the sizable dissatisfaction with the state of politics in Australia , there is no groundswell for a new political party today .
Australians want their political parties to be better , not for there to be more of them .
The Greens have been the beneficiaries of both a protest vote , and a growing awareness among Australians of the environmental crisis our civilisation has reached .
Australians who vote Green do so not merely because they may want a ' Green ' government , but to send an effective message to the ' old parties ' that they want change - and change in environmental policy in particular .
Green party philosophy has so far proven durable and flexible .
While there are no doubt divisions in the party between ' light ' and ' dark ' greens , the Greens are part of a global movement towards ecology and sustainability that touches on all aspects of economic and democratic life as well as ' run of the mill ' conservation issues .
Far from driving voters away , the Greens consistency of message , as well as its deep relevance , is what makes it the third force in Australian politics today .
Political parties , like all organisations , have their time and reason - and the Greens are proving that this is their time .
Aron Paul is a former national president of the Australian Democrats .
I ’m happy to present this essay created from both sides of the aisle , courtesy of the two gentlemen below .
Be sure to see the conclusion .
I present their essay below with only a few small edits for spelling , format , and readability .
Plus an image , a snapshot of global temperatures .
– Anthony
By Zeke Hausfather and Steven Mosher
There are a variety of questions that people have about the calculation of a global temperature index .
Questions that range from the selection of data and the adjustments made to data , to the actual calculation of the average .
For some there is even a question about whether the measure makes any sense or not .
It ’s not possible to address all these questions in one short piece , but some of them can be addressed and reasonably settled .
In particular we are in a position to answer the question about potential biases in the selection of data and biases in how that data is averaged .
To move the discussion onto the important matters of adjustments to data or , for example , UHI issues in the source data it is important to move forward on some answerable questions .
Namely , do the methods for averaging data , the methods of the GISS , CRU and NCDC bias the result ?
There are a variety of methods for averaging spatial data , do the methods selected and implemented by the big three bias the result ?
There has been a trend of late among climate bloggers on both sides of the divide to develop their own global temperature reconstructions .
These have ranged from simple land reconstructions using GHCN data
( either v2. mean unadjusted data or v2.mean_adj data ) to full land / ocean reconstructions and experiments with alternative datasets ( GSOD , WDSSC , ISH ) .
Bloggers and researchers who have developed reconstructions so far this year include :
Roy Spencer
Jeff Id
Steven Mosher
Zeke Hausfather
Tamino
Chad
Nick Stokes
Residual Analysis
And , just recently , the Muir Russell report
What is interesting is that the results from all these reconstructions are quite similar , despite differences in methodologies and source data .
All are also quite comparable to the “ big three ” published global land temperature indices : NCDC , GISTemp , and CRUTEM .
[ Fig 1 ]
The task of calculating global land temperatures is actually relatively simple , and the differences between reconstructions can be distilled down to a small number of choices :
1. Choose a land temperature series .
Ones analyzed so far include GHCN ( raw and adjusted ) , WMSSC , GISS Step 0 , ISH , GSOD , and USHCN ( raw , time - of - observation adjusted , and F52 fully adjusted ) .
Most reconstructions to date have chosen to focus on raw datasets , and all give similar results .
[ Fig 2 ]
It ’s worth noting that most of these datasets have some overlap .
GHCN and WMSSC both include many ( but not all ) of the same stations .
GISS Step 0 includes all GHCN stations in addition to USHCN stations and a selection of stations from Antartica .
ISH and GSOD have quite a bit of overlap , and include hourly / daily data from a number of GHCN stations ( though they have many , many more station records than GHCN in the last 30 years ) .
2. Choosing a station combination method and a normalization method .
GHCN in particular contains a number of duplicate records ( dups ) and multiple station records ( imods ) associated with a single wmo_id .
Records can be combined at a single location and / or grid cell and converted into anomalies through the Reference Station Method ( RSM ) , the Common Anomalies Method ( CAM ) , and First Differences Method ( FDM ) , or the Least Squares Method ( LSM ) developed by Tamino and Roman M .
Depending on the method chosen , you may be able to use more stations with short records , or end up discarding station records that do not have coverage in a chosen baseline period .
Different reconstructions have mainly made use of CAM ( Zeke , Mosher , NCDC ) or LSM ( Chad , Jeff Id / Roman M , Nick Stokes , Tamino ) .
The choice between the two does not appear to have a significant effect on results , though more work could be done using the same model and varying only the combination method .
[ Fig 3 ]
3. Choosing an anomaly period .
The choice of the anomaly period is particularly important for reconstructions using CAM , as it will determine the amount of usable records .
The anomaly period can also result in odd behavior of anomalies if it is too short , but in general the choice makes little difference to the results .
In the figure that follows Mosher shows the difference between picking an anomaly period like CRU does , 1961 - 1990 , and picking an anomaly period that maximizes the number monthly reports in a 30 year period .
The period that maximizes the number of monthly reports over a 30 year period turns out to be 1952 - 1983 .
1953 - 82 ( Mosher ) .
No other 30 year period in GHCN has more station reports .
This refinement , however , has no appreciable impact .
[ Fig 4 ]
4. Gridding methods .
Most global reconstructions use 5×5 grid cells to ensure good spatial coverage of the globe .
GISTemp uses a rather different method of equal - size grid cells .
However , the choice between the two methods does not seem to make a large difference , as GISTemp ’s land record can be reasonably well - replicated using 5 ×5 grid cells .
Smaller resolution grid cells can improve regional anomalies , but will often result in spatial bias in the results , as there will be large missing areas during periods when or in locations when station coverage is limited .
For the most part , the choice is not that important , unless you choose extremely large or small gridcells .
In the figure that follows Mosher shows that selecting a smaller grid does not impact the global average or the trend over time .
In his implementation there is no averaging or extrapolation over missing grid cells .
All the stations within a grid cell are averaged and then the entire globe is averaged .
Missing cells are not imputed with any values .
[ Fig 5 ]
5 . Using a land mask .
Some reconstructions ( Chad , Mosh , Zeke , NCDC ) use a land mask to weight each grid cell by its respective land area .
The land mask determines how much of a given cell ( say 5×5 ) is actually land .
A cell on a coast , thus , could have only a portion of land in it .
The land mask corrects for this .
The percent of land in a cell is constructed from a 1 km by 1 km dataset .
The net effect of land masking is to increase the trend , especially in the last decade .
This factor is the main reason why recent reconstructions by Jeff Id / Roman M and Nick Stokes are a bit lower than those by Chad , Mosh , and Zeke .
[ Fig 6 ]
6. Zonal weighting .
Some reconstructions ( GISTemp , CRUTEM ) do not simply calculate the land anomaly as the size - weighted average of all grid cells covered .
Rather , they calculate anomalies for different regions of the globe ( each hemisphere for CRUTEM , 90 °N to 23.6 °N , 23.6 °N to 23.6 °S and 23.6 °S to 90 °S for GISTemp ) and create a global land temp as the weighted average of each zone ( weightings 0.3 , 0.4 and 0.3 , respectively for GISTemp , 0.68 × NH + 0.32 × SH for CRUTEM ) .
In both cases , this zonal weighting results in a lower land temp record , as it gives a larger weight to the slower warming Southern Hemisphere .
[ Fig 7 ]
These steps will get you a reasonably good global land record .
For more technical details , look at any of the many http://noconsensus.wordpress.com/2010/03/25/thermal-hammer-part-deux/different
http://residualanalysis.blogspot.com/2010/03/ghcn-processor-11.html models http://rankexploits.com/musings/2010/a-simple-model-for-spatially-weighted-temp-analysis/
that have been publicly http://drop.io/treesfortheforest released http://moyhu.blogspot.com/2010/04/v14-with-maps-conjugate-gradients.html
] .
7. Adding in ocean temperatures .
The major decisions involved in turning a land reconstruction into a land / ocean reconstruction are choosing a SST series ( HadSST2 , HadISST / Reynolds , and ERSST have been explored http://rankexploits.com/musings/2010/replication/ so far ) , gridding and anomalizing the series chosen , and creating a combined land - ocean temp record as a weighted combination of the two .
This is generally done by : global temp = 0.708 × ocean temp + 0.292 × land temp .
[ Fig 8 ]
8. Interpolation .
Most reconstructions only cover 5 ×5 grid cells with one or more station for any given month .
This means that any areas without station coverage for any given month are implicitly assumed to have the global mean temperature .
This is arguably problematic , as high - latitude regions tend to have the poorest coverage and are generally warming faster than the global average .
GISTemp takes a somewhat different approach , assigning a temperature anomaly to all missing grid boxes located within 1200 km of one or more stations that do have defined temperature anomalies .
They rationalize this based on the fact that “ temperature anomaly patterns tend to be large scale , especially at middle and high latitudes . ”
Because GISTemp excludes SST readings from areas with sea ice cover , this leads to the extrapolation of land anomalies to ocean areas , particularly in the Arctic .
The net effects of interpolation on the resulting GISTemp record is small but not insignificant , particularly in recent years .
Indeed , the effect of interpolation is the main reason why GISTemp shows somewhat different trends from HadCRUT and NCDC over the past decade .
[ Fig 9 ]
9. Conclusion
As noted above there are many questions about the calculation of a global temperature index .
However , some of those questions can be fairly answered and have been fairly answered by a variety of experienced citizen researchers from all sides of the debate .
The approaches used by GISS and CRU and NCDC do not bias the result in any way that would erase the warming we have seen since 1880 .
To be sure there are minor differences that depend upon the exact choices one makes , choices of ocean data sets , land data sets , rules for including stations , rules for gridding , area weighting approaches , but all of these differences are minor when compared to the warming we see .
That suggests a turn in the discussion to the matters which have not been as thoroughly investigated by independent citizen researchers on all sides :
A turn to the question of data adjustments and a turn to the question of metadata accuracy and finally a turn to the question about UHI .
Now , however , the community on all sides of the debate has a set of tools to address these questions .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Ca n't take it any longer .
My side is hurting from all the laughing .
Maybe more tomorrow !
POKER legend Doyle Brunson has managed to upset almost every poker player in the world in less than 24 hours .
The 76 - year - old , who is renowned for cracking jokes about blondes and terrorists , inadvertently sent Twitter into meltdown when he cracked a lesbian gag yesterday .
He told his 345,000 followers : “ World 's shortest books : ' To all the men we have loved before , 'by Ellen de Generes and Rosie O'Donnell . ”
Texas Dolly , who has won 10 World Series of Poker Bracelets , was then inundated with hilarious suggestions for other titles of the world 's shortest books .
Several mocked other poker pros , but the debate rapidly deteriorated to encompass celebrities , politicians and other sportsmen .
Brunson instantly retweeted dozens of them to his hundreds of thousands of followers .
“ Getting hundreds of different versions of Worlds Shortest Books , ” he said .
“ I 'm picking out the ones i think are funny .
Sorry , but u do n't have to read . ”
Poker suggestions included titles such as ' Caucasian Women I 've Dated ' , by Barry Greenstein , ' Beauty tips ' by Vanessa Selbst , ' The Integrity of Online Poker ' by Russ Hamilton , ' How to Stay Sober ' by Gavin Smith and ' My success as a poker pro ' , by Jaime Gold .
Despite 300 people deciding to protest at the endless jokes by ' unfollowing ' him on Twitter , Texas Dolly kept going .
Next came ' Childcare ' by Michael Jackson , ' Born in America ' , by Barak Obama and ' Making Your Marriage Work ' by Tiger Woods & Jesse James .
Eventually , even Brunson got tired and told his followers : “ Ca n't take it any longer .
My side is hurting from all the laughing .
Maybe more tomorrow ! ”
And , sure , enough , they started again just a few hours later with the classic : ' Paying taxes for Dummies ' , by Michael Mizrachi .
Dolly , we salute you .
You 're clearly hugely offensive to millions of people .
But you just do n't do dull .
home / content / format / download / contact
forall x is available is several formats :
as a PDF file [ download ]
PDF readers are available for all operating systems .
The book is not an e-book or an on - line course .
Anyone using it is best advised to make a hardcopy for reading and to work through practice exercises with pencil and paper .
as a course reader Instructors using forall x as a textbook are welcome to have the book printed at a local copy center , which may sell it to students for the cost of printing .
This is typically more efficient than having every student print it themselves , and copy centers also offer extras like binding .
as a print - on - demand book [ link ] forall x is a available through Lulu , a print - on - demand publisher .
They charge a price that covers printing and shipping .
I offer it for individuals who would like a nicely bound hardcopy ; for an entire class , the course reader option would probably be more economical .
as LaTeX source and GitHub repository [ link ]
The raw LaTeX source files are maintained on GitbHub .
If you are interested in making changes , you can download the files or fork the project .
As an example : I use the arrow for the conditional and the ampersand for conjunction .
These are my aesthetic and pedagogical preferences , but perhaps your tastes or curricular needs are different .
Changing one line will change the symbols throughout the book , because the logical symbols are defined commands in the style file for the book .
E -mail me if are interested in a variant of the book but are daunted by LaTeX .
other formats ?
I do not foresee the book ever being available in HTML or as a Word document .
Logical notation is is just too hard to represent reliably , and I have no interest in maintaining multiple versions .
The license being what it is , you are welcome to convert it to any format you like .
If you do , let me know ; I will link to you .
This page is © P.D. Magnus and is offered under the Creative Commons license .
Some rights reserved .
( Attribution 4.0 )
Remember Octavia Nasr ?
She ’s been the chief Middle East correspondent at CNN for twenty years .
Or she was until yesterday .
Over the weekend she tweeted “ Sad to hear of the passing of Sayyed Mohammed Hussein Fadlallah …
One of Hezbollah ’s giants I respect a lot .
” Doing a little sleuthing it seems like it may be slightly overstating things to say he was a member or leader of Hezbollah , more like a spiritual mentor or a cleric closely associated with the movement .
In any case , given CNN ’s record of running for the hills over a lot less , I ca n’t say I ’m completely surprised at their decision .
And I ’m a little surprised she ’d tweet that myself .
And in the internal memo CNN circulated explaining her termination , a CNN VP wrote , “ she fully accepts that she should not have made such a simplistic comment without any context whatsoever . ”
But a twenty year run down the tubes over 140 characters ?
That just does n’t seem right to me .
Share it
There ’s news out of the traditional submission grappling tournament the ADCC , which is about to kick off the tryouts stage for the 2011 event .
Changes have been made to the competition rules .
Traditionally , weigh - ins would be held the day before competing .
As the finals are on the second day of competition , some of the competitors would make it to the final well over the weight limit .
Now weigh - ins are to take place shortly before the athletes take to the mats for their first bout .
But , even after the first match , the athletes will not be able to stray from their diets .
The referees shall have the authority to request a second weight in at any time .
In this case , the fighter has wiggle room of 2 kg ( 4.4 lbs ) .
Should the athlete be heavier than that , they will be disqualified .
“ I think it ’s great , ” said three - time champion of the tournament Marcelo Garcia over Twitter .
The 170lb division champion , otherwise , did not like the change .
Pablo Popovitch , who defeated Garcia in Barcelona , last September , commented the new rule also on Twitter : “ With this change , the 170 lb division is over for me .
It is impossible for me t compete right after making the weight .
Next year , I will compete at the category above .
I ’d really liked to have a forth final in a row against Garcia to make history . ”
About the rivalry with Garcia , Popovitch has a suggestion for the ADCC : “ They could put Marcelo and myself in a superfight .
We sure deserve it as we closed out the last three 170 lb division finals . ”
Another reason for the change is to preserve the athletes ’ physical integrity , by avoiding extreme and dangerous weight cuts .
[ Tony Woodlief ]
Any parent will tell you children are difficult , and they wear you out , and they likely will just break your heart in the end .
And who knows -- maybe when we believe we are feeling deep joy from parenthood ( usually over a glass of wine , after all the little stinkers are finally in bed ) , we are simply sentimentalizing the whole ordeal to keep ourselves from rooting out our unused passports from the sock drawer and dashing off to Europe , never to be heard from again .
Or perhaps we just feel too guilty to admit that , while we could n't bear losing them now that we have them , we very well could have been delightfully satisfied had we never met them .
And here 's where I wonder if we ought to re-examine our commitment to happiness .
It seems to me that there 's possibly some merit -- if we persevere and have the sense to learn from it -- in the other - orientation that is ( good ) parenting .
It 's fine to go through life happy , in other words , but I suspect we also want to go through life without becoming big fat self - absorbed jackasses .
Children really help in that regard .
To be sure , there are too many parents who , despite their children , remain narcissistic nimrods .
But the nature of parenting is to beat that out of you .
There 's just no time to spend on ourselves , at least not like we would if we did n't have babies to wash and toys to clean up , usually in the middle of the night , after impaling our feet on them .
People are inherently self - centered , and especially in a peaceful , prosperous society , this easily leads to self - indulgence that in turn can make us weak and ignoble .
There 's something to be said for ordeals -- like parenting , or marriage , or tending the weak and broken -- which push us into an other - orientation .
When we have to care for someone , we get better at , well , caring for people .
It actually takes practice , after all .
I 'm still trying to get it right .
I suppose an economist could make this all fit .
What I 'm really saying , the economist might contend , is that one element of my self - interest , in addition to enjoying a leisurely meal , and plenty of sleep , and the ability to go away on vacations without worrying about who will watch the youngsters , is not becoming ( remaining ? ) a jerk .
Kids certainly do n't guarantee that wo n't happen , but they help mitigate the risk .
And if we conceptualize that self - interest , in turn , as happiness , we 're right back where we started .
But I wonder if the questions would change .
Instead of asking parents and non-parents whether they are happy right now , we might ask whether they are becoming more like the people they want to be .
And then we might see children not as factors that may or may not be contributing to our happiness , but as opportunities to practice what most of us -- perhaps me most of all -- need to do more often , which is to put someone else before ourselves .
Elizabeth Warren may be the best choice to head the new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau .
Or she may not be .
As I wrote previously , I really do n't know .
But I do have one more thought about what 's apparently the main argument against her candidacy :
Her relative lack of managerial experience .
Warren 's critics say that she 's never run an organization like the new consumer bureau .
She may be brilliant , charismatic , and passionate , but she has n't demonstrated that she has the chops to lead the agency .
All she has done is lead the Congressional Oversight Panel on the financial bailout .
She 's done it well , but it 's not the same thing .
As Neil Irwin wrote in the Washington Post , " Will Elizabeth Warren be as effective as a bureaucrat as she is as a guest on the Daily Show ? "
It 's the right question to ask .
People tend to evaluate executive branch appointments purely on philosophy and communications skills :
It 's all about what the appointee believes and how well he or she looks on camera .
But if you work in government or talk to somebody who does , you 'll discover that seemingly mundane job skills -- even something as simple as being well organized -- can make a huge difference in effectiveness , at least in the executive branch .
( With a judicial appointment , philosophy obviously is the most important issue , by far . )
Still , experience is n't everything , Particularly when it comes to a new agency , charged with carrying out a signature domestic policy initiative , there 's a case for appointing a relatively inexperienced visionary who can recruit the best staff and create an internal culture that will last long after the appointee is gone .
Obama himself seems to agree , since that 's basically what he did a few weeks ago , when he named Donald Berwick to head the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ( CMS ) .
All the adjectives I used to describe Warren - - brilliant , charismatic , and passionate -- apply to Berwick .
The difference is that Warren 's cause is protecting consumers from abusive financial practices while Berwick 's is improving the quality of medical care .
Berwick has never run an agency as large or influential as CMS , just as Warren has never run anything as powerful as the new regulatory board .
This latest one is just gross .
It seems kids have found a new way to get high by inserting vodka soaked tampons into the vagina .
And just so the boys wo n't be left out , it works rectally as well .
This is one of those awful things that no one wants to believe is possible , but read on .
If you search the Internet , you will find some dispute about whether this is a real occurrence or a rumor .
Keep in mind that many vaginal medications are routinely administered via tampon , and that the unprotected membranes of the vagina and anus would allow alcohol to enter the bloodstream faster than the acid protected gastrointestinal tract .
The truth is it does n't matter how it started , kids may try it when they hear about it .
It 's important to stay one step ahead of your kids when it comes to drugs and alcohol .
Just look at all the forum activity I found by googling vodka soaked tampon .
Yahoo Answers
The Poop Report
DVD Talk Forum
Usually when a rumor starts flying , there 's at least a little truth to it .
So whatever you believe to be the truth , there 's no excuse for not at least acknowledging this might be a possibility .
Remember when no one believed kids were really having all that oral sex ?
Intoxication by alcohol soaked tampon is thought to be undetectable by parents and others .
Kids think it prevents the smell of alcohol on the breath , but they 're wrong .
Because alcohol is partially eliminated from the body through the lungs , when alcohol is in the blood , it will always be present in expired air , and therefore detectable by smell .
This is how breathalyzer tests measure blood alcohol content .
It has nothing to do with how the alcohol is taken in .
Another perceived benefit is that the user gets high without the stomach upset associated with drinking .
While this may be true , putting ethanol into contact with the highly sensitive vaginal or rectal mucosa likely causes burning discomfort in the short term and a drying effect over the long term .
This could lead to bleeding during normal functioning .
Though this may be the first you 've heard of this unusual way to catch a buzz , Oxford University scientific journals first reported the practice in the 1990s .
In 2002 , the University of Bristol organized seminars " Alcohol , Education and Young People " , including a session on the practice of young females inserting tampons soaked in alcohol .
Apparently it 's very popular in Europe and South America , especially Columbia .
Read more here .
PARIS , France —
The two spherical structures mounted on the rooftop of a building high on a hill at the city ’s northeastern edge look more like pieces of modern art .
The miniature wind turbines are in fact part of a yearlong experiment that aims to generate enough wind power to reduce the building ’s electricity bill while culling lessons about clean energy production .
Paris , like other European cities seeking to raise the public ’s awareness about green energy , initiated the project at the Maison de l’Air , or House of Air , a small and child - friendly space dedicated to educating the public about the importance of fresh air in daily lives and the dangers of pollution .
The experiment will measure indicators like the turbines ’ noise level , their integration into the landscape and their output in order to determine their viability for future use on a wider scale , according to Michel Giry , who runs the museum space overlooking a modern park in the multi-ethnic , working class Belleville neighborhood .
( Check out GlobalPost 's video series on renewable energy ideas that might just save the world . )
Aptly , the Maison de l’Air was chosen as the site for the city ’s first mini windmills not only because of its relation to the subject but also because of its elevated height — one of the highest in Paris , and thus a location susceptible to wind .
The pilot project , launched with local government fanfare , was a core piece of the city ’s environmental sustainability week in April , and consists of colloquia about the environment , urban walks and activities like a Saturday workshop to teach children how to create their own paper windmills .
It also factors into Paris ’ Climate Plan , which seeks to go 10 percentage points beyond the European objective of reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 20 percent before the year 2020 .
Overall , Paris ranks 10th in the European Green City Index , an environmental sustainability barometer that measures 30 European cities in 30 countries and analyzes such data as CO2 emissions , water and air quality .
Each of the windmills , which can cost up to 25,000 euros ( about $ 32,000 ) , is expected to produce at least 15,000 kWh of electricity , according to Elena Energie , a year - old start - up in the southeastern city of Grenoble that manufactures the devices .
Through an agreement with Paris , the company provided and installed the equipment at no charge .
“ Currently an estimated 10 to 15 percent of the building ’s consumption is covered by the production of the wind turbines , ” according to Giry .
“ This percentage could be improved if the building was better insulated . ”
He estimated that if the production rate of 50 kWh per day — as seen since the April 1 installation — is maintained , in one year the turbines could produce up to 20,000 kWh or the equivalent of enough energy for six households consisting of two adults and two children ( but no electric heating ) .
A counter prominently displayed inside the museum building tells visitors how many kilowatts per hour have been produced .
Soon , another device will measure the amount of CO2 not released into the atmosphere .
And depending on the results , the city could install additional urban turbines at other elevated locations around Paris , such as in Montmartre , the neighborhood of the famed Sacre Coeur church and at the Parc des Buttes Chaumont , a hilly and sprawling expanse in north Paris with a lake , several cliffs , a grotto and restaurants .
Walkways between buildings in the city ’s outskirts are also being studied as potential sites .
“ The experience can and should be an incentive for Parisians who doubt the feasibility and effectiveness of this kind of energy production , ” Giry said .
Still , upon hearing about the impending wind turbines , some of the museum ’s neighbors imagined 100 - foot tall contraptions with blades whirling at deafening decibels and an offensive aesthetic that would visually pollute the skyline .
“ At first , I thought it was going to be ugly , ” said Terence Marshall , a retired American professor who has lived in Paris for over 30 years .
“ I did fear it would be one of these huge Aeolians . ”
On his way home one afternoon , he decided to stop for a closer look — and listen — at the site since , as a neighbor , he had witnessed the project ’s evolution from idea to installation .
They ’re not a terrible eyesore and produce little noise , he decided , but he was not convinced that the benefits would ultimately justify the costs .
“ It ’s a nice story , ” said Marshall , 67 , emphasizing that a tale about the environment may be heartwarming at best but it is not much more .
Energy from the windmills might cover only 2 percent of the city ’s electricity needs , he said .
Furthermore , about 80 percent of France ’s energy is nuclear , unlike in the United States , which worries about nuclear waste disposal , he said , and the bulk of Paris ’ pollution comes from cars .
Marshall , who as a lecturer on political philosophy and American politics often debated these issues with his students and colleagues , noted another influencing element at work : politics .
“ Ecology is a political party here , ” Marshall said .
“ Governments can stand or fall by virtue of their support . ”
As a case and point , the Socialists and the green party joined forces last month to hand the ruling Union for a Popular Movement party ( UMP ) a handsome defeat in the regional elections .
And governments , Marshall said , are looking for that support .
Check out GlobalPost 's video series on renewable energy ideas that might just save the world .
Gov. Bobby Jindal rejected a bill Friday that would have required him to make public and to preserve all his office 's documents involving the Deepwater Horizon oil spill .
In his veto letter , the governor said the legislation would have hurt the state 's position in future litigation against BP PLC , the oil giant that leased the rig which exploded April 20 in the Gulf of Mexico , killing 11 workers and causing the disaster .
" This bill would allow BP and other parties with potential liability to the state to obtain information retained by any state agency responding to this tragic event , " Jindal wrote , saying such access could jeopardize the state 's position in seeking legal remedy for the spill 's damage .
IN PICTURES : Gulf oil spill 's impact on nature
The Senate sponsor of the public records provision said Friday night that Jindal 's veto was expected .
He noted that the governor has repeatedly fought attempts to require preservation and open most of his office 's records to public scrutiny .
" This governor has opposed transparency for the three years he 's been in office , so that 's not a surprise .
What is sad about all this is it 's just another black eye on Louisiana internationally now , " said Sen.
Robert Adley , R -Benton .
Adley slipped the language requiring the governor 's oil spill records to be open for public viewing and preserved for at least 10 years into a measure by Rep. Gary Smith , D - Norco .
Smith accepted the addition to his bill , and both the House and Senate voted overwhelmingly for passage of the public records requirement .
Despite hefty support for the bill , Adley said he does n't think there 's a realistic chance of getting lawmakers to agree to override Jindal 's veto .
Adley also called it hypocritical for the governor to push BP to open some of its records to the state even asJindal refuses to release his own .
" How in the world would making our records public let BP off for what they 've done ?
That makes absolutely no sense , " Adley said .
Jindal has said he wants BP to open its claims database to the state to help ensure payments are being processed promptly .
In the recent legislative session , Jindal 's chief lawyer , Stephen Waguespack , opposed several public records bills .
He argued that tweaks made to the governor 's public records law last year afforded sufficient public access and that more sweeping proposals could squelch the free exchange of ideas in the governor 's office .
RELATED :
“ It is not enough to know an artist 's works .
One must also know when he did them , why , how , in what circumstances ... I attempt to leave as complete a documentation as possible for posterity .
” – Pablo Ruiz Picasso
If Harley - Davidson needs any more guidance on how to create Sportster range extensions for the future , this beautifully detailed XL 1200 custom from Nice !
Motorcycles should help .
Nice !
MC ( their exclamation mark , not mine ) is headquartered 500 km west of Tokyo , and a well - known name on the Japanese custom scene .
For this new bike — revealed in latest issue of Hotbike magazine — they ’ve taken a 2002 Sportster and revolutionized its looks with several well thought out changes .
The tank and seat unit are new , along with the wheels , brakes and Gold Wing - spec Dunlop Elite II tires .
The side covers are gone and the bike has been lowered , with new shocks at the back ; there ’s what appears to be a new triple clamp at the front , along with clip - on bars , a bobbed fender and a smaller headlight .
The result completely transforms the look of the XL1200 , giving it a racier stance and a classic 70s vibe .
There ’s no word on engine upgrades , other than an air filter — but power junkies can get up to 100 hp out of Harley ’s 1200 twin - spark lump with the help of specialists such as Zippers Performance .
Could this be the kind of Harley that people who do n’t like Harleys might buy ?
[ Images via Bike Bros Japan . ]
Defensive programmers anticipate what might go wrong .
Robust code handles the unexpected , partly by minimizing the surface area of potential problems .
The fewer things that can go wrong , the fewer things that will go wrong .
( Things will still go wrong , but you can write safer code if you 're clever . )
Yuval Kogman asked Are we ready to ditch string errors ?
I am ; there 's a general principle of API design beyond his question .
One problem with die " Some error ! " is how to identify what error that represents — not to a programmer or user , who ostensibly speaks enough English and problem domain jargon to have some idea of what the error means — but the rest of the program .
How does your code catch this error and distinguish it from some other type of error ?
Can you determine which of the two you can handle and which you must delegate ?
Break out split or the regular expression engine and prepare to write heuristics which guess , and woe to you if someone someday internationalizes your error messages or runs all of your exceptions through a logging mechanism which changes their formatting slightly or ....
The problem is that you can't take advantage of the structure of the exception data because it's not present in the string .
The same goes for DBI 's connection strings :
my $ dbh = DBI -> connect ( ' dbi:DriverName:database=database_name;host=hostname;port=port ' ) ;
As the documentation suggests in the very next sentence :
There is no standard for the text following the driver name .
Each driver is free to use whatever syntax it wants .
Compare this to a keyword argument form :
> my $ dbh = DBI -> connect ( driver => ' DriverName ' , database => ' database_name ' , host => ' hostname ' , port => ' port ' , extra => ' arguments ' , ) ;
This has several advantages .
The method does n't have to guess ( or parse ) the string .
The layout and vertical alignment makes the keyword form easier to read and to modify .
DBDs can decorate and augment this argument list without parsing and recreating a string .
Verification and default arguments are much easier .
The same argument goes for using a module such as File : : stat instead of parsing the output of `ls -l filename` .
The same argument goes for ... you get the point .
It 's far too easy to unfold the regex widget from the swiss - army chainsaw when a little bit of caution decomposing data into structured data makes your programs safer , easier to use , more flexible , and more robust .
( I consider sometimes how a language would look if it had only keyword arguments and how you could optimize them with immutable , internable strings and cached call sites and a zero - copy register allocation mechanism , but I made it as far as writing a self - hosting garbage collector before I had real work to do . )
The sweeping Capitol Hill support for the Jewish state is a rare bi-partisan consensus during the current US political polarization .
The active role played by Democratic leaders in the pro-Israel display , exposes the significant gap between President Obama ’s and Congress ’ attitudes toward Israel .
It sends a loud and a clear message from the Legislature , which is equal in power to the Executive and constitutes a systematic bastion of support of the Jewish state .
For example , Majority and Minority Leaders , Senators Harry Reid and Mitch Mcconnell , wrote a letter to the president , opposing Israel ’s condemnation by the UN and the establishment of an international board of inquiry to investigate the “ Gaza Flotilla . ”
They support Israel ’s seizure of the boats and the naval blockade of Gaza , condemning Hamas , the Turkish terrorist group IHH , the UN Council on Human Rights and the UN Nuclear Non-Proliferation Conference ’s “ efforts to isolate Israel . ”
The letter – which is endorsed by the vast majority of the Senators – defines Israel as “ our strongest ally in the Middle East and a vibrant democracy … a partner to the US on military and intelligence issues … . ”
The House Majority and Minority Leaders , Steny Hoyer and John Boehner , issued similar statements , joined by powerful committee and subcommittee chairmen in both Chambers .
US legislators express the state of mind of their constituents , who consider Israel one of the five most favorite nations , while the Palestinian Authority is ranked as one of the three least favored entities .
According to a June 4 , 2010 Gallup poll , Americans perceive terrorism as the top threat , more than unemployment , healthcare costs and the Iraq and Afghanistan wars .
Terrorism is identified with Muslim organizations and regimes and therefore is construed as a mutual threat to both the US and Israel .
The daily reports on US soldiers killed by Muslim terrorists in Iraq and Afghanistan , along with the murder of 13 soldiers by a Muslim terrorist in San Antonio and the foiled attempt to terrorize Times Square , have re-entrenched identification with Israel ’s predicament .
A June 7 , 2010 Rasmussen Report poll determines that only 19 % of Americans blame Israel for the deaths during the “ Gaza Flotilla , ” compared with 49 % who blame the terrorists on board of the ship .
Meanwhile , 49 % claim that the world is too critical of Israel , while 21 % claim that the world is not critical enough .
Israel is one of only five countries – in addition to Canada , Britain , Mexico and Germany - that most Americans are willing to defend militarily .
Most Americans distrust the UN , but view the Jewish state as a reflection of the American ethos : Patriotism , tradition , religion , defiance of awesome odds and serving as an outpost in the clash of civilizations between Western Democracies and Islamic terrorism .
The Jewish state is not regarded as a typical foreign policy issue .
It is also perceived as a value - driven domestic issue , related to the moral foundation of the American Story : Judeo - Christian Values .
President is not omnipotent
The most authentic representative of the American public is Congress , where all 435 House Members run every two years .
In contrast with the parliamentary system ( Knesset included ) , Congress is fully independent , benefiting from a total separation of powers and an elaborate system of checks and balances .
The president is not omnipotent and is not “ The Government , ” but only one third of “ The Government . ”
The Judiciary and the Legislature are equal - in - power to the Executive .
The US Constitution is representative in nature , designed to prevent dictatorship .
Therefore , it has transformed the People into the most critical factor of the political system , according the representatives of the People much power and denying the president absolute power , including in the areas of national security .
The President can exert pressure and deploy military forces , but Congress possesses the Power of the Purse and the capabilities to paralyze the President in the domestic and in the global arenas .
According the Article 1 , Section 8 of the Constitution , “ Congress shall have the power … to define and punish Piracies and Felonies committed on the high Seas… To declare War… . ”
According to Article 2 , “ The President shall be Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy of the United States … when called into the actual Service of the United State … . ”
In other words , Congress initiates and the president executes .
In 1993 , Congress established deadlines for US troops ’ withdrawal from Somalia , barring funding of the military operation following March 31 , 1994 .
In 1991 , the courts forced President Bush to seek congressional authorization for the war against Iraq .
In 1984 , 1976 and 1973 , Congress terminated US military involvement in Nicaragua ( the Boland Amendment ) , Angola ( the Clark Amendment ) and Vietnam ( the Eagleton Amendment ) respectively .
In 1991 , Israel requested emergency assistance following the Gulf War. President Bush and Secretary of State Baker opposed , but Israel received $ 650 million in cash and $ 700 million in military systems due to Congress .
In 1990 , Bush and Baker failed in their attempt to cut Israel ’s foreign aid by 5 % because of congressional opposition .
In view of the lethal threats facing the Jewish state , against the backdrop of President Obama pressure on Israel , while engaging enemies of the US and Israel , and in light of the inherent principle - driven congressional support for the Jewish state , it is incumbent upon Jerusalem to bolster its dialogue with the most faithful and very powerful representatives of the American People – Capitol Hill legislators .
Let 's hear it for the greatest cult computer of them all , which debuted a quarter - century ago today .
Twenty - five years ago today , a new personal computer was unveiled at a black - tie , celebrity - studded gala at the Vivian Beaumont Theater in New York ’s Lincoln Center .
It debuted to rave reviews and great expectations –heck , InfoWorld said it might be the “ third milestone ” in personal computing after the Apple II and the IBM PC .
The computer was Commodore ’s Amiga .
In an era in which the most common form of microcomputer was an IBM PC - compatible system with a text - only display and a tinny internal speaker , the Amiga had dazzling color graphics and stereo sound .
Its Intuition user interface looked like the Mac , but offered an advanced feature known as “ multitasking . ”
The machine was a stunner , especially given that it came from a company previously known for rinkydink home computers such as the VIC - 20 and Commodore 64 .
Over the next nine years , Commodore sold millions of Amigas .
People who liked the system really liked it , and its graphical chops were so potent that it was the first PC widely used by TV broadcasters and movie studios .
None of which was enough to keep Commodore from declaring bankruptcy and ceasing operations in 1994 .
The Amiga was one of the greatest computers ever made–and for my money , it was the greatest cult computer , period ( Macintosh users would come to be accused of cultlike tendencies , but when the Mac arrived eighteen months before the Amiga , its whole marketing message was that other computers were cultish–its TV commercials carried the slogan “ The computer for the rest of us ” and showed IBM PC owners as zombie slaves . )
Amiga users were indomitable .
They were outraged that obviously - inferior IBM PC clones dominated the market .
They rejoiced when the computer hit major sales milestones .
They petitioned major software companies to support the machine , and wrote angry letters to computer magazines that failed to give it its due .
And they kept on using their Amigas for years after Commodore went kaput :
The market for Amiga - specific magazines lasted into this century .
Other platforms and tech products would inspire similarly fanatical followings –most notably OS / 2 and Linux , both of which developed Amigaesque reputations for technical superiority .
But Amiga nuts of the 1980s and early 1990s – like , um , me–remain the ultimate fanboys , even though it had n’t yet occurred to anyone to hurl that word at computer users .
When the Amiga was born , consumers and businesses were still figuring out what computers were and why anybody would want one .
But you did n’t have to spend much time in the presence of an Amiga to get why it was cool–all you had to do was see and hear what it could do .
I bought mine after walking by a computer retailer and spying an Amiga in the window , where it was displaying a full - motion video clip .
And to this day , the system is synonymous with the “ Boing ” demo that its creators used to show off its capabilities even before it went on the market :
If you were n’t using computers in the 1980s , trust me : that bouncing ball was spectacular enough to sell Amigas by itself .
Amiga Origins
Even before it hit the market , the Amiga had an uncommonly checkered history .
It began as the project of an independent startup called Amiga Corporation .
( It was otherwise best known for the Joyboard , a game controller you stood on . )
Amiga cofounder Jay Miner was the man behind the potent graphics capabilities of Atari ’s 800 and 400 models ; Atari advanced the fledging Amiga company money in return for rights to the chips it was developing .
There ’s probably some alternate universe in which Amiga ended up being an Atari product .
But in September 1984 , it was Commodore that acquired Amiga Corporation and the computer it was developing ( which was code - named “ Lorraine ” ) for an estimated $ 30 million .
Atari CEO and Commodore founder Jack Tramiel–who had acquired Atari from Warner Communications after Commodore had fired in January of 1984–sued .
He also introduced the computer his company had been developing , the Atari ST , a low - rent Amiga rival that was known in the industry as the “ Jackintosh . ”
Commodore was a famously parsimonious outfit , but it splurged on the Amiga ’s introduction .
The highlight of that Lincoln Center product launch was a demo in which pop art legend Andy Warhol used an Amiga to “ paint ” Blondie ’s Debbie Harry .
The exercise did n’t prove much of anything other than that Warhol was able to use the paint program ’s fill command , but it was heady stuff :
The company also ponied up for TV commercials that looked like outtakes from 2001 : A Space Odyssey :
From the start , Commodore struggled mightily to position the Amiga in a way that made sense in the 1980s computer market .
An Amiga A1000 with 256KB of RAM and one floppy disk went for $ 1295 .
Even after you added $ 500 for a color monitor , it offered vastly better bang for the buck than a $ 2795 black - and - white Macintosh .
But as home computers go , the Amiga was pricey .
The Atari 520ST , which started shipping a couple of weeks before the Amiga was announced , packed double the RAM and cost $ 999 – with a color display .
So even though Amiga Corp . ’s original idea had been to build the ultimate home computer , Commodore spun the Amiga as a business machine , and talked up an option that let the system run IBM PC compatible software .
It turned out to be a tough sell , especially few major business applications were available and most of the major computer retail chains refused to sell it .
( The machine ended up being sold mostly by mom-and - pop stores such as The Memory Location , where I bought my Amiga in 1987 . )
A Depressing , Exciting Machine
Why would n’t big computer retailers carry an impressive computer like the Amiga ?
Commodore itself was part of the problem .
It was famous for selling undistinguished home computers at bargain - basement prices at stores such as Toys “ R ” Us .
The very idea of it launching a computer as slick and powerful as the Amiga was jarring –it was as if Yugo had bought out DeLorean .
And without Jack Tramiel , Commodore lacked the ambition , heart , guerilla tactics , and raw nervous energy that hade made the Commodore 64 the best - selling computer of its time .
In July of 1985 , computer magazines had talked about the Amiga overtaking the Mac ; within a few months , they were questioning whether Commodore had a future .
Like Mac owners of the mid-1990s , Amiga users had to deal with constant predictions of the imminent demise of their platform .
Except in the case of Commodore , the naysayers turned out to be right .
Read more :
Amid the Father 's Day festivities , many of us are privately asking a Scroogely question : " Having kids — what 's in it for me ? "
An economic perspective on happiness , nature and nurture provides an answer : Parents ' sacrifice is much smaller than it looks , and much larger than it has to be .
Most of us believe that kids used to be a valuable economic asset .
They worked the farm , and supported you in retirement .
In the modern world , the story goes , the economic benefits of having kids seem to have faded away .
While parents today make massive personal and financial sacrifices , children barely reciprocate .
When they 're young , kids monopolize the remote and complain about the food , but do little to help around the house ; when you 're old , kids forget to return your calls and ignore your advice , but take it for granted that you 'll continue to pay your own bills .
Many conclude that if you value your happiness and spending money , the only way to win the modern parenting game is not to play .
Low fertility looks like a sign that we 've finally grasped the winning strategy .
In almost all developed nations , the total fertility rate — the number of children the average woman can expect to have in her lifetime — is well below the replacement rate of 2.1 children .
( The U.S. is a bit of an outlier , with a rate just around replacement . )
Empirical happiness research seems to validate this pessimism about parenting :
All else equal , people with kids are indeed less happy than people without .
While the popular and the academic cases against kids have a kernel of truth , both lack perspective .
By historical standards , modern parents get a remarkably good deal .
When economist Ted Bergstrom of the University of California , Santa Barbara reviewed the anthropological evidence , he found that in traditional societies , kids do n't pay .
Among hunter - gatherers , children consume more calories than they produce , and grandparents produce more calories than they consume virtually until the day they die .
Agricultural societies are much the same .
Only in recent decades did people start living long enough to collect much of a " pension " from their kids .
While big financial transfers from children to their parents remain rare , only in the modern world can retirees expect to enjoy two decades of their descendents ' company and in - kind assistance .
It 's also true that modern parents are less happy than their childless counterparts .
But happiness researchers rarely emphasize how small the happiness gap is .
Suppose you take the National Opinion Research Center 's canonical General Social Survey , and compare Americans with the same age , marital status and church attendance .
( These controls are vital , because older , married and church - going people have more happiness and more kids ) .
Then every additional child makes parents just 1.3 percentage points less likely to be " very happy . "
In contrast , the estimated happiness boost of marriage is about 18 percentage points ; couples probably have fewer highs after they wed , but the security and companionship more than compensate .
In the data , the people to pity are singles , not parents .
CMake is a sophisticated , cross-platform , open - source build system developed by Kitware in 2001 .
CMake is the name used to refer to the entire family of tools : CMake , CTest , CDash , and CPack .
These tools are used to …
CMake –
An intelligent build system used to build simple , to very elaborate projects .
CTest , CDash –
These are used to test and debug your projects .
CPack – A packaging tool that finalizes your project for distribution .
CMake simplifies the potentially monstrous build system into a few easy to write files .
It is targeted towards C and C++ and is usable with various compiler / OS support .
At the risk of over simplifying things , CMake looks at your project and sees a ‘ file system ’ .
You tell it where all your files are at , what you want it to do with them , and it does it .
In a nut shell it ’s really that easy .
More elaborately however , CMake is wonderful for it ’s design to support complex directory hierarchies .
When you use CMake it will locate include files , libraries , executables , other optional build directives , then link everything for you .
No more messy Makefiles .
CMake basically requires one thing , a CMakeLists .
txt file .
We ’ll start with a simple example .
Here is a very simple program I wrote in C called fib .c which lists the Fibonacci Sequence up to a given value .
That value is passed to the main function when it is called .
# include " stdio.h " # include " stdlib.h " int main ( int argc , char ** argv ) { if ( argc > 2 || argc == 1 ) { printf ( " Fibonacci takes one postitive integer greater \ than two as it's argument
" ) ; return EXIT_SUCCESS ; } int a , b ; a = 0 ; b = 1 ; printf ( " %d " , b ) ; for ( int i = 0 ; i + a < = atof ( argv [ 1 ] ) ; b = i ) { i = a + b ; a = b ; printf ( " , %d " , i ) ; } printf ( "
" ) ; return EXIT_SUCCESS ; }
So let 's say you 'd like to compile this and give it a go .
We could just compile it directly with one line ...
gcc - std=c99 fib.c
Notice we need a - std flag .
We set it to c99 because loop initial declarations are only allowed in c99 mode .
Alternatively you could just change that in your gcc compiler to use by default .
Another option would be to use a Makefile .....
Nah ...
Or we could use CMake .
I declare the winner to be CMake .
Download
Let 's make sure we have CMake on our systems , I 'm using Ubuntu 10.04 .
sudo apt - get install cmake cmake - curses - gui
The cmake - curses - gui provides a somewhat - helpful - gui ( a lot like the Windows version ) if that 's what you 're into .
There is pretty much no setup required here , we just need to make our CMakeLists .
txt file in the main directory of our project , then run CMake from our build folder .
Setup Project
fib is the name of the folder / main directory , where the fib . c file is , as well as the soon to be disclosed CMakeLists .
txt file .
It 's a good programming practice to do all of your builds in a build folder .
Not doing so clutters your project folder with a bunch of confusing files .
You 'll see this after we run cmake .
So let 's set this up .
mkdir / where / you / want / your / project / fib cd fib mkdir build
So this is what your project file system looks like .
fib / build
Now use your favorite text editor ( should be vim ) to create your own fib .c file , as well as a CMakeLists .
txt file in your fib directory .
CMake Syntax
Here is the CMakeLists .
txt file used to compile the fib .c program .
# Specify the version being used aswell as the language cmake_minimum_required ( VERSION 2.6 ) # Name your project here project ( fibonacci ) # Sends the - std=c99 flag to the gcc compiler add_definitions ( - std=c99 )
# This tells CMake to fib.c and name it fibonacci add_executable ( fibonacci fib .
c )
The basic syntax of CMake consists of three things ; comments , commands , and white spaces .
A comment is made by beginning a line with the ' # ' character
# Chocolate Curry is my favorite
And a command is constructed with the command name , opening parenthesis , whitespace separated arguments , and a closing parenthesis .
command ( arg1 agr2 agr3 ...)
The basic data type in CMake is a string .
You can even create lists of strings using the set command .
set ( VAR a b c )
This creates variable VAR which is composed of three strings a , b , and c. Referencing a variable should look familiar to most of you .
$ {VAR} is the correct syntax to refer to the list of strings VAR at a later time .
For instance these three command calls are the same .
command ( $ {VAR} ) command ( a b c ) command ( a ; b;c )
You can also separate strings with semicolons .
Placing quotations around anything will allow it to be read as a string .
For instance , the following command
command ( " $ {VAR} " )
will read in " $ { VAR} " not " a b c " .
CMake syntax also provides some useful flow control options .
First is the if else logic structure .
# some_command will be called if the variable 's value is not : # empty , 0 , N , NO , OFF , FALSE , NOTFOUND , or - NOTFOUND. if ( var ) some_command (...) endif( var )
They also provide looping commands , foreach and while .
set ( VAR a b c ) # loop over a , b , c with the variable f foreach (f $ { VAR} ) message ( ${f} ) endforeach ( f )
Simple function and macro constructions are also supported .
# define a macro hello macro( hello MESSAGE ) message ( $ { MESSAGE} ) endmacro( hello ) # call the macro with the string " hello world " hello ( " hello world " ) # define a function hello function ( hello MESSAGE ) message ( $ { MESSAGE} ) endfunction ( hello )
Lastly CMake also supports all of your common Regular Expressions
^ Matches at beginning of a line or string
$ Matches at end of a line or string
.
Matches any single character other than a newline
[ ] Matches any character (s ) inside the brackets
[^ ] Matches any character (s ) not inside the brackets
[-]
Matches any character in range on either side of a dash
* Matches preceding pattern zero or more times
+ Matches preceding pattern one or more times
?
Matches preceding pattern zero or once only
() Saves a matched expression and uses it in a later replacement
For a more detailed description of CMake syntax go here .
Building The Project
So back to the CMakeLists .
txt file to build our example
# Specify the version being used as well as the language cmake_minimum_required ( VERSION 2.6 ) # Name your project here project ( fibonacci ) # Sends the - std=c99 flag to the gcc compiler add_definitions ( - std=c99 )
# This tells CMake to fib.c and name it fibonacci add_executable ( fibonacci fib . c )
CMake is case insensitive , thus it does not distinguish between command ( ) and COMMAND ( ) .
I prefer all lowercase because it is faster to type .
so here is the breakdown of the CMakeLists.
txt
cmake_minimum_required ( VERSION
2.6 ) -
This signifies the version of CMake that you 're using and allows you to pass the language into documentation .
project ( fibonacci ) -
This allows you to name your project and you can later on refer to the project as a whole using this string .
add_definitions (-std=c99 ) -
This command sends arguments to the compiler , which CMake will choose for you unless otherwise told so .
add_executable(fibonacci fib.c ) -
This does the magic .
Here CMake takes fib.c , and using all of the libraries it was handed ( none in this simple example ) compiles it into the output file named fibonacci .
Beautiful , we 're almost done .
Now we want to compile things .
Once run for the first time CMake will configure itself to your system , and place the binaries ( your output files ) into the directory you called it from .
This is where we cd into the build folder , and run
cmake ..
The ' .. ' argument is the same as the one used in BASH , it tells CMake to execute from the CMakeLists .
txt in the previous directory .
This call just produced your Makefile , so let 's finish it off with the last command .
make
Now if you ls into the build folder you 'll see all kinds of stuff .
CMakeCache.txt -
Think of this as a configuration file .
It has many advanced settings to optimize the build process for large projects .
( Such as building the Linux Kernel ! )
) CMakeFiles ( directory ) -
This has a lot of the stuff CMake uses under the hood to build your project .
I recommend you poke around through there and take a look at stuff ...
cmake_install.cmake - Your install file .
We did n't use one in this program .
fibonacci - Hooray it 's our program !
Makefile - remember your last command ' make ' ?
This is the Makefile produced by Cmake , this is really what it all came down to .
You 've Now built a program using CMake .
If you 'd like to see a more sophisticated example of Cmake look for my series on OpenCV under the Computer Vision tab .
I use Cmake there to link all of the OpenCV libraries , and even make some of my own .
Strengthen Your CMake Muscles Here
This amplifies virulence as well : the Jew , for the anti-Semite , is not just a danger , but the greatest danger exerting the greatest powers .
In current paradoxical parlance , the Jew is , in essence , a Nazi .
The Jew does not just devour a Christian child ’s blood , but the blood of all innocent children , and more completely , the blood of all innocents .
Is any evidence needed ?
Appearances are irrelevant ; argument is illusion .
What use is visible fact when the power of the Jew is in the web woven below the surface ?
Jewish autonomy is itself evidence of Jewish threat .
Moreover , confrontation requires courage .
Anti-Semitism never sees itself as a hatred ; it views itself as a revelation .
An attack on the Jew is never offensive ; it is always defensive .
This is precisely how the Nazis portrayed it .
It is precisely how Islamist ideology does as well , evident , for example , in the principles and founding documents of Hamas and Hezbollah .
In a recent book , “ Nazi Propaganda for the Arab World ” ( Yale ) , the historian Jeffrey Herf shows how Nazi propagandists literally taught Arab audiences the language of anti-Semitism through popular radio programs in Arabic .
Nazi ideology bears many resemblances to that of contemporary Islamic extremism , some the consequence of careful teaching .
That teaching is still present in the Arab world , amplified by political leaders and imams , often annexed to denigrations of Jews taken from Islamic sources
The result , Mr. Julius and Mr. Wistrich recognize , has been one of the most historically noxious forms of anti-Semitic mythology , which has also fed into political debates in the West and cannot be overlooked or easily dismissed .
It is easy enough to discern when responsible criticisms of Israel veer into something reprehensible : the structure of anti-Semitic belief is not subtle .
There is a wildly exaggerated scale of condemnation , in which extremes of contempt confront a country caricatured as the world ’s worst enemy of peace ; such attacks ( and the use of Nazi analogies ) are beyond evidence and beyond pragmatic political debate or protest .
Israel ’s autonomy  it ’s very presence  is the problem .
Mr. Julius writes , “ Israel is the only state in the world whose legitimacy is widely denied and whose destruction is publicly advocated and threatened ; Israelis are the only citizens of a state whose indiscriminate murder is widely considered justifiable . ”
But even if we leave aside such manifestations , it is clear enough that anti-Semitism requires much deeper understanding than it usually gets .
Last week , for example , Hannah Rosenthal , the United States ’ special envoy to monitor and combat anti-Semitism , spoke in Kazakhstan , asserting the similarity of anti-Semitism and Islamophobia .
This is not an uncommon assertion ( and cases of unwarranted discrimination are always similar ) but Islamophobia is a concept developed within the last two decades by those who wish to elevate Islam ’s reputation in the West ; anti-Semitism was a concept eagerly embraced and expanded by haters of Jews .
One was constructed by a group ’s supporters , the other by a group ’s enemies .
Moreover , much of what is characterized as Islamophobia today arises out of taking seriously the impassioned claims of doctrinal allegiance made by Islamic terrorist groups and their supporters .
Anti-Semitism , though , has nothing to do with any claims at all .
Cuando voy a la clase de dibujo en capital me tomo el subte B . El trayecto Lacroze - Uruguay , dura unos 20 minutos .
Si logro conseguir asiento , uso el reverso de los subtepass , para hacer pequeños dibujos .
He aqui algunas muestras .
A veces a la vuelta , viajamos con y hacemos competencia ; vayan a molestarlo para que postee sus dibujos tambien .
When I take the subway to the art class , the communting lasts 20 mins .
I use the back of the subway tickets to sketch this little pieces .
I guess it´s true what they say " draw anywhere at any time " , so there you go .
Ivan was alone on the roundabout .
He had been left in charge of the banners while everyone else ate breakfast .
He slipped an empty bottle of red wine into a binliner and stretched .
At his feet was a chalk - drawn pyramid showing the structure of society , the word " pueblo " at the bottom , and the tip pointing up the hill towards Bilderberg .
It 's a short pyramid today , maybe half a heavily - armed mile from Rockefeller down to Ivan .
Ivan 's bed last night – is it had been the night before – was the scrub by the roadside .
" It 's not so cold in my bag , " he said .
" A lot of times I travel in the mountains – in the mountains , you can sleep anywhere . "
A lone Catalonian in green trousers , he clutched a leaflet and stood in the Sitges sun as , up the hill , billionaires and finance ministers ate kiwifruit patisseries .
The shame , the awful poignancy of Bilderberg , is that , for much of the time , there are more delegates up the hill than there are protesters at the foot of it .
On that point , there 's something I 'd like you to do .
I 'd like you to extend a grateful thought , a prayer of thanks , an idle nod of acknowledgment – a something , an anything – towards Ivan and all the others who have come to Sitges to bear witness to Bilderberg 2010 .
These people are on your side , they are fighting your corner .
And if you do n't think it 's a corner that needs fighting , or if it 's a corner you think is being fought by the people up the hill ... well , good luck to you .
I want you to know , though , that the people who are crawling around on pine needles with long lenses , trying to identify delegates ( and doing pretty well , by the way ) , the people who are being detained , searched , questioned , then heading out again into the hills , the people who are sitting late into the night at the campsite bar , talking about distracted populations and central banks , are not lunatics .
They are your very best friends .
They 're not feeble - minded or playing some kind of game .
They are deadly serious , and they are worried to death .
These people look at the state of the world and they pack a rucksack and sleep at the side of a roundabout .
The head of the IMF ( and Bilderberger ) , Dominique Strauss - Kahn , looks at the world and declares : " Crisis is an opportunity . "
He sees the precarious global economy and floats the idea for " a new global currency issued by a global central bank " .
Now , if you think that 's a good idea – if you think yet more centralisation of debt ( and interest payments ) , and more unelected financial control is a good thing – then good luck ( what are you ?
The chairman of Barclays ? )
We already have a world , says Daniel Estulin , the arch Bilderbotherer , " where unelected bodies like the IMF can tell sovereign nations like Greece what to do " .
Estulin is here in Sitges , wearing the fanciest trousers I 've seen in a long time .
He says the Bilderberg endgame is " one world company ltd " .
And the board of directors is sitting half a mile away .
And they 're being watched .
I can't say from where – I do n't know where the guerilla camerafolk are out crawling today .
And I can't ring them , because they 've turned their mobiles off and taken out the sim cards so they can't be triangulated by the signal .
They 're out getting sunstroke on your behalf , on my behalf .
I 'll publish some of their photos , and some of their spottings , tomorrow .
Later today , a bunch of Spanish activists are providing paella for everyone in a mountain restaurant .
Some of us wo n't make it .
Some of us will be under arrest , or lying in a ditch holding our breath until the footsteps pass .
One last time : if you think what they 're doing is ridiculous , you 're wrong .
It 's the fact they 're having to do it at all that 's absurd .
This morning , a policeman screeched up beside me as I went for a stroll and told me to take the recording device out of my pocket .
I did .
It was a bit of driftwood from the beach .
Yesterday , I had my car searched ( and was detained for 50 minutes while the Mossos d'Esquadra checked and rechecked my passport ) .
They asked me what was in the boot .
I dug them out a T - shirt .
The patrolman radioed the station and read out the slogan on the shirt in heavily accented English : " I went to Bilderberg 2010 and all I got was this lousy new world order . "
His partner asked me why I was laughing .
I could n't really explain .
BIlderberg is an absurdity .
The secrecy is absurd .
The lack of a relationship between the event and the mainstream media is absurd .
Ivan standing alone by his roundabout bed is absurd .
The paranoia of the participants is more than absurd – it 's pathetic .
This year , most of the delegates were whisked into the hotel through an underground entrance , dodging the lenses , like a bunch of James Bond baddies , like a dieter creeping downstairs at midnight to eat chocolate cake from the fridge .
But the good news is that not everyone has dodged the cameras ( John Elkann , the heir to Fiat , was spotted by the German blog Schall und Rauch looking particularly dapper this year ) .
And the even better news – the very best news – is that the press seems , finally , to have woken up to Bilderberg .
We have had camera crews from Spanish TV and Spanish newspapers both local and national ( Javier from El Mundo is currently up a tree with a camera ) .
French journalists , Portuguese documentary makers and al - Jazeera are picking up the story .
Russia Today has sent a film crew .
We 've had articles in the Independent and the Times , and on the Today programme on Radio 4 .
Daniel Estulin has been doing interview after interview .
He 's getting quotes from inside the meeting .
The veil of secrecy is looking decidedly tatty .
It might be time to bin it .
And yet the veil of ignorance is still holding up pretty well .
As Ivan says , handing me a leaflet from the Anwok collective , " it is difficult to talk about the Bilderberg agenda if people do n't even know about the group " .
I know what he means – I 've spoken to countless news agencies and outlets in the last few weeks , and the most common response , from journalists , editors and commissioners , is : " I 'm sorry , the Bilderberg what ? "
But seriously , if you work on the foreign desk of a major news corporation and you 're at the " Bilderberg what ? " level of political awareness , you need to think about getting a different job .
Take a sabbatical .
Take up carpentry , or read a book .
It 's like calling yourself a porn star and not knowing the reverse cowgirl .
" The reverse what ...? "
Get with the programme .
Shimmy up a pine tree .
Take a leaflet .
Resign .
You 're not helping anyone .
Left : A typical emulsion using surfactant only Right : An Emulsion formed with nanoparticles ( photo : Nasrin Ghouchi - Eskandar )
South Australian researchers have invented and patented a new technology for delivering cosmetics and drugs to the skin .
They are using nanoparticles of silica ( essentially sand ) to create longer lasting cosmetics and creams that control the delivery of drugs through the skin .
They already have a family of international patents on their technology , and are now actively looking for commercial partners to get their invention out of the lab and on to your skin .
“ We are using specially engineered nanoparticles of silica — so small that about a thousand of them could fit across a human hair — to create the emulsions on which many cosmetic and therapeutic products are based , ” says Nasrin Ghouchi - Eskandar from the University of South Australia ’s Ian Wark Research Institute .
The work is being presented for the first time in public through Fresh Science , a communication boot camp for early - career scientists held at the Melbourne Museum .
Nasrin was one of 16 winners from across Australia .
Many liquids we take for granted — milk , paint , salad dressings , skin creams — are actually emulsions , tiny droplets of oily compounds dispersed in water .
These are typically created using surfactants or detergents , but Nasrin and her colleagues have developed emulsions in which silica nanoparticles — miniscule grains of sand — coat the oil droplets instead .
“ Coating the tiny emulsion droplets with silica increases the stability of the mixture , and makes it less likely that the active compounds inside will degrade or be released until we want it to happen , says Nasrin .
“ These are two significant challenges for formulation scientists . ”
“ Using our method , we found that , from a clinical point of view , drug delivery can be improved by adjusting release through the thickness of the coating .
We can prepare both fast release , and slow or controlled release delivery systems . ”
An electron micrograph of the emulsion with nanoparticles ( photo : Nasrin Ghouchi - Eskandar )
This could be really beneficial if a drug has to be released at a specific time , or if releasing too much at once can lead to accumulation and toxic effects .
“ It turns out that silica nanoparticles interact with skin cells in a way which increases the delivery of drugs to specific skin layers significantly , ” says Nasrin .
“ Using the nanoparticles , not only was a higher concentration of the active ingredient delivered , but also leakage into the blood stream was limited .
This is a great advantage for skin creams like sunscreens , for instance .
It limits exposure of the rest of the body , and any consequent toxicity . ”
“ And nanoparticle - coated emulsions are cost - effective , because they are efficient at delivering drugs .
A smaller quantity of active compound can be used in a more stable form .
And we are working to ensure they are safe , ” Nasrin says .
“ We have shown that they will not pass through pig skin .
In the near future we will be moving to trials using human skin . ”
Explore further Emulsion with a round - trip ticket
Provided by Fresh Science
A few weeks ago , the market delivered its verdict on the relative future prospects of Apple and Microsoft .
Apple 's prospects are better , the market said .
And in the past few weeks , that vote has only become more decisive .
The market still thinks Microsoft 's long - term prospects are pretty good , though .
The stock is trading at a respectable 14X P/E .
The company has cash flow gushing out of its ears .
The consensus is that Microsoft will keep growing , just more slowly .
But the odds are increasing that even this will prove to be wishful thinking .
Before we begin , a quick review of where Microsoft 's revenue and profits come from .
Microsoft has a lot of different businesses , but as you can see from the chart below , the vast majority of its profits come from Windows and Office .
And now on to Microsoft 's predicament ...
The world has changed radically in the past few years .
The Internet has continued to free app- makers from dependency on Windows or any other desktop platform ( and , thus , from dependency on Microsoft ) .
Apple 's iPhone has revolutionized the mobile business , unleashing a whole new wave of personal computing devices .
Apple 's iPad seems on its way to supplanting the low - end PC business .
Importantly , none of these trends depend in any way on Microsoft 's original monopoly and cash cow , Windows .
None of these trends generate so much as a dollar of revenue or profit for Microsoft .
( Microsoft is nowhere in mobile .
Or tablets .
And it is reasonable to think that , in these two huge growth businesses , nowhere is where Microsoft will always be ) .
Google , meanwhile , is trying to do the same thing to Apple that Microsoft did to Apple 15 years ago : Separate software and hardware and create a ubiquitous software platform for the world 's developers to build on .
This is a smart strategy , and it 's resonating in the developer and consumer communities : Google 's Android and Chrome started slow , but they 're gaining momentum rapidly .
What 's more , Google is not just undercutting the alternatives on price -- it 's giving away its products for free .
Once again , the Chrome / Android momentum has nothing to do with Windows .
Once again , it does n't benefit Microsoft in any way .
Now take a look at what Microsoft 's biggest Windows customers -- Dell , HP , and the other big PC manufacturers -- are up to .
Dell is in talks with Google to begin developing devices designed to run Chrome ( and who can blame it -- if it does n't do this , it will be left behind in the next wave of consumer devices ) .
And HP just bought the wreckage of Palm so that it would have a better mobile operating system with which to compete against Apple .
From Microsoft 's perspective , these last two developments are disasters .
The Future Will Be PC - Centric ?
Only In Microsoft's Dreams
As recently as a few years ago , Microsoft was still arguing that the future would be Windows - centric .
Sure , there would be millions of connected devices , the company said , but they would all orbit around the desktop PC , which would remain the center of the personal tech universe ( and , thus , remain an ongoing source of immense " platform " profits ) .
The explosive uptake of iPhones , iPads , and Android - based devices is increasingly making this view seem preposterous .
The desktop PC is n't the center of anyone 's universe anymore .
The Internet is .
And the Internet does n't require Windows .
In fact , it 's not hard to envision a future in which the " desktop PC , " as Microsoft currently defines it , becomes an oddity - - a strange throwback to a world in which a single local hard drive ( or a box of floppy disks ) constituted the center of someone 's work life .
( Consider the absurdity in today 's world of syncing a mobile device with a single desktop PC .
What about all your other devices ?
What about the inconvenient location and single - point - of - failure of that single PC ?
Why not just sync that PC -- and every other device you own -- with the cloud !
You do n't need a fancy operating system to do that ) .
In short , the monopoly platform characteristics that have protected Windows all these years are breaking down .
The PC 's relative importance in the world of personal technology is dwindling , and Microsoft has not been able to transfer Windows to other platforms .
Google will soon be offering a free alternative for remaining PC - like devices , which , at the very least , will put pressure on Microsoft 's margins .
Add all that together , and there 's little good to say about the future of the Windows platform .
And Now On To Office
And then there 's Office , the other huge source of Microsoft 's profits .
Google has launched an Internet - centric version of Office : Google Apps .
For now , Google Apps is inferior to Office for everything except collaboration .
But it has all the hallmarks of a classic disruptive technology .
Specifically , Google Apps is cheaper , easier , and more convenient to use than Microsoft Office .
How do we know this ?
Because Google Apps is taking over the low - end of the market .
Google Apps is also steadily improving its features and migrating toward the middle of the market , which is what disruptive technologies do .
And it is already causing Microsoft to have to offer its own free Internet - based version of Office and cut the price of its latest version of desktop one to remain competitive .
( Pause for a moment and consider that :
The only way Microsoft can compete with the free version of Google Apps is to offer a free version of Microsoft Office to match it .
Even if Microsoft Office were indisputably superior to Google Apps , which not one review we 've read has suggested , how is that going to help Microsoft preserve its massive Office profits ? )
Big companies are starting to ditch Microsoft Office for Google Apps .
If this becomes a trend , Microsoft 's second huge cash cow will be under immediate threat .
When will that happen ?
Maybe not this year or next year .
But in all likelihood soon .
So , Remind Us Again What There Is To Be Excited About In Microsoft 's Future ?
Take another look at the chart of Microsoft 's operating profit .
The vast , vast majority of that profit comes from two businesses that are under aggressive attack .
What 's more , Microsoft has no obvious way to parry that attack .
One of its two huge competitors , Apple , is miles ahead of it in the growth of the most exciting and fastest - growing segment of the market , mobile devices .
The other -- Google -- is giving away its competitive products for free .
Microsoft will NEVER be able to do that .
( Analysts are applauding and stomping their feet for the 4 percentage points of search market share Microsoft has clawed back in the past year .
What they 're overlooking is how much Microsoft has PAID to gain those share points .
The odds are that Microsoft will never be able to build a large , profitable search business of any kind , let alone one that could fund a complete transformation of its business model into giving away Windows and Office for free . )
Right now , the investors are concluding that Microsoft will gradually become the equivalent of a technology utility - - a boring but necessary provider of the software that runs the world 's business community .
A smaller , more optimistic crowd is still arguing that , one day , Microsoft will be able to turn its fortunes around , and fight its way back into an industry leadership position .
What almost no one is talking about is a third possibility , one that becomes more likely by the day :
The possibility that , a couple of years down the road , Microsoft 's business may just completely collapse .
See Also :
Microsoft's Real Problem : The Second Coming Of Apple
Microsoft In Denial : Google Threat Is Classic Disruption
Facebook users in the UK can now add a " panic button " onto their profiles to report and prevent malicious behavior such as cyber - bullying and sexual harassment .
The " panic button " -- which is a Facebook app that adds a tab onto your Facebook profile -- was created by the Child Exploitation and Online Protection Center ( CEOP ) , a British law enforcement agency , after the rape and murder of 17 - year - old Ashleigh Hall by a 33 - year - old convicted sex offender , posing as a teenage boy , who she met on Facebook , according to the BBC .
The CEOP 's app , called ClickCEOP , is a link not only to the CEOP Web site but also to nine other different sources of help including Childline and Beatbullying .
The CEOP hopes that awareness of its app will spread amongst teenaged Facebook users when they broadcast the installation on their news feeds and pass along " badges " to friends .
Viviane Reding , the European Commissioner for the Information Society and Media , called on social networking sites to improve child protection measures earlier this year .
Included in the 25 sites that needed an update were Facebook , YouTube , Xbox Live , MySpace , Flickr and more .
Facebook initially resisted the CEOP app , claiming its protection and reporting systems were adequate .
But once Bebo and MySpace complied , Facebook faced pressure from the government to follow suit .
Facebook quickly turned its story around and in March , agreed to cooperate with the CEOP .
The CEOP app is currently only available for those with a UK IP address .
U.S. Protection for Teens
Back in the States , Facebook in April updated its Safety Center to improve user controls and reportage .
The new Safety Center has an informational section for teens , but it 's very text - heavy and in order to access it , you have to click on " Account " then " Help Center " then " Safety " then " Safety for Teens " -- not exactly the smoothest channel .
Perhaps now that the UK has beefed up its child protection measures , the US will do the same .
Image : Flickr user " Star5112 " Creative Commons license .
Premier League official Howard Webb has been chosen to referee Sunday 's World Cup final between Netherlands and Spain in Johannesburg , Fifa has confirmed .
Webb , 38 , has impressed in the finals so far , as have his fellow English assistants Michael Mullarkey and Darren Cann , who will join him in the final .
Webb is the first Englishman to referee the final since Jack Taylor in 1974 .
He has refereed three World Cup matches in South Africa and has neither shown a red card nor awarded a penalty .
However , the Yorkshireman has handed out an average of 5.67 bookings per games - the second highest tally in tournament .
Webb made his World Cup finals debut in Spain 's shock 1 - 0 defeat by Switzerland .
606 : DEBATE Step forward Mr Webb !
Fully deserved .
I think he and his team have done a great job
Lady of the Bridge
He was also in charge for Slovakia 's 3 - 2 victory against Italy - a defeat which cost the defending champions the chance to reach the tournament 's knockout rounds - and was praised for his handling of a dramatic finale to the match .
In the last - 16 stage Webb refereed Brazil 's 3 - 0 win over Chile , only to miss out on the quarter - finals and semi-finals .
But he has been rewarded with Sunday 's Soccer City showpiece , prompting high praise from Taylor , referee for the 1974 World Cup final between the former West Germany and Netherlands , who said Webb had been " almost perfect " in the three games in which he has officiated to date .
" I 've known Howard for a long time , " Taylor told BBC Radio 5 Live .
" I 've seen him as a young referee and I 've seen him come through , I 've seen his ability .
" He 's had three games and he 's been almost perfect .
" He 's fit , he 's strong , he 's diplomatic , he reads the game terribly well , in my opinion they could n't pick a better man . "
It is great to see Howard and his team 's fantastic season topped off with the ultimate appointment
Premier League chief executive Richard Scudamore Premier League referee Chris Foy backed Webb to perform in the final and said the British refereeing fraternity were proud of their colleague .
" I 'm absolutely delighted and I 'm not surprised because the way he has performed at the World Cup up till now I think he 's been outstanding , " Foy told BBC Radio Merseyside .
" It 's a massive pat on the back for English refereeing .
" He refereed the Champions League final this season and did a wonderful job and this is the biggest accolade that can ever be bestowed on a match official and he must be immensely proud . "
Premier League chief executive Richard Scudamore also paid tribute to Webb and his team , adding : " We see the hard work and professionalism of Howard Webb , Darren Cann and Mike Mullarkey week in , week out when they are officiating in the Premier League .
" So , it is great to see their fantastic season topped off with the ultimate appointment . "
For Webb to be chosen to officiate the biggest game in football in his first World Cup finals is a superb achievement .
It comes after a highly successful season for him and his assistants Cann and Mullarkey , after they officiated the Champions League final in May when Inter Milan beat Bayern Munich 2 - 0 in Madrid .
Their performances have boosted English officials ' standing around the world after the debacle in the 2006 World Cup when referee Graham Poll handed out three yellow cards to Croatia 's Josip Simunic during the match with Australia .
Premier League referees ' chief Mike Riley has said those experiences mean all three men will be more than prepared for such a high - profile match .
The whole thing is jaw - dropping .
I just can't imagine my son reffing the World Cup Final
Howard 's father Billy " As a team they will be prepared for the challenges and I 'm sure they will be more than looking forward to the occasion , " Riley told the BBC .
Webb , a former police officer from Rotherham , started officiating in the Northern Counties League in the mid-1990s .
He has been a Premier League referee since 2003 and took charge of the 2007 Carling Cup final between Arsenal and Chelsea - won by the Blues 2 - 1 - and the 2009 FA Cup final , also won 2 - 1 by the men from Stamford Bridge , that time against Everton .
His father , however , revealed he encouraged his son to give up officiating after watching him take charge of his first match .
Billy Webb , a former miner who refereed for 35 years , told GMTV : " It 's in my blood .
I encouraged my son to take it up .
" I encouraged him to take his first game and then when I watched his first game , I encouraged him to pack up .
" My brother was with me at the time , he was a referee , and he said ' I can see summat in this young lad ' .
History has proven him right and me wrong .
" The whole thing is jaw - dropping .
I just ca n't imagine my son reffing the World Cup Final . "
Meanwhile , one of Webb 's assistants , Mullarkey , recently revealed how Fifa training sessions had included preparation for the noise of the vuvuzelas in South Africa .
Mullarkey stated : " When we 're doing our training exercises Fifa is actually playing recorded sounds of vuvuzelas through the speakers .
" For three hours a day we 're exposed to that sound which helps preparation . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Balanced Brawl is a mod project that improves
the character balance of Super Smash Bros .
Brawl
The foundation of this project is that Brawl is already a fun game .
We deliberately avoid changing any core elements that make Brawl what it is .
Balanced Brawl has the exact same physics as standard Brawl , and elements such as animation speed , hitbox size , or general character playstyle are rarely changed in any way .
No one should have any problem moving between standard Brawl and Balanced Brawl , even back - to - back !
Balanced Brawl has three primary goals in its design :
1. Increase Overall Character Balance
2. Remove Infinites and Inescapable Lockdowns
3. Increase Stage Viability
1. Increased Overall Character Balance
The primary goal of this project is to make every character tournament viable and every matchup winnable .
The ideal balance target is high ; only the very top tier saw nerfs , and everyone has some degree of buffs !
The changes were designed to fit into the existing playstyles of characters .
Meta Knight is still the super speedy swordsman with amazing gimping potential ; he merely does a less efficient job of shutting down the opponent ’s options and has less imaginary KO problems .
Samus is still a highly efficient zoner who focuses on leveraging her high survivability ; she is just much more likely to win now .
Of course , some changes will force some adjustments .
Ice Climbers players can no longer count on taking a stock per grab ; that does change things .
However , when such changes were necessary , the tweaks were always made to preserve as much of the non-degenerate behavior as possible , and a large focus was made to ensure the true fundamentals of every character remain in - tact .
The example Ice Climbers saw several significant buffs to compensate for their loss ; where abuses were lost , there was always a substitution of real gameplay of the nature that the character was always seeking in the first place .
No character was left out to dry .
For more details about changes to individual character changes , please visit click their names on the left - hand menu to visit their specific pages .
2. Removed Infinites and Inescapable Lockdowns
No one likes infinites .
We define infinites and inescapable lockdowns as any technique that in practice can remove a full stock or do at least 50 % through trivial execution , where there is no way for the victim to escape .
The following infinites have been removed :
- All “ jab lock ” style locks , including such locks with down tilts or projectiles
- All grab release chain grabs and most follow ups
- All footstool abuse , including the Zero Suit Samus infinite against R.O.B. or Diddy Kong ’s obscure infinite
- Zero Suit Samus down smash lock
- Sheik ’s forward tilt lock
- Pikachu ’s down throw and forward throw chain throws
- Falco ’s down throw chain throw
- King Dedede ’s down throw infinite and chain throw
- All Ice Climbers infinites
- Wario ’s down throw chain throw against Bowser etc .
- All banana locks
- Almost all wall locks
We took great care to make these changes as non-intrusive as possible , and tried to best preserve the non-infinite combo options in all cases .
For example , Lucas can no longer infinitely jab lock with his down tilt , but he can still use jab lock set - ups to combo into his forward smash .
Diddy Kong can no longer chain characters across stages with banana locks , but he can still easily combo his banana peel toss into pretty much any of his moves .
Ice Climbers will have a harder time doing infinite chain throws , but can still get free smashes all day out of landing grabs .
It should be noted that several of the weaker chain throws are tweaked to be less effective .
This is largely for the benefit of characters such as Bowser and Ganondorf who were the primary victims of these throws , but oftentimes the tweaks have other benefits .
The most notable example comes in the form of Pit ’s forward throw ; he loses most of his low percent chain throw tricks but gains a great high percent KO option !
This style of tweak just makes the game more fun , more fair , and generally a better experience for everyone involved .
3. Increased Stage Viability
One of the biggest divisive points in the community has been stage policy .
Some players believe that most of the stages simply do not facilitate high level competitive play , and thus those players seek to minimize the stage list .
Other players believe that the diversity of stages is one of the driving points of the game ’s depth , and thus as many stages should be allowed as possible .
In standard Brawl , these positions are truly irreconcilable , but with the ability to change the game , we seek to find a middle ground .
We believe having more stages is fundamentally good , and we believe that stage specific abuse is fundamentally bad .
We can design the game around specific stages on which there is little abuse , and thus satisfy a wide variety of players while ensuring that everyone is playing the same game .
For specific stage changes , please visit the stages page .
These goals are the driving principles behind all of the changes made .
We believe that we have made Balanced Brawl into a game fundamentally true to Brawl but also fundamentally far more fair and far more balanced .
Now one can just play the game ; concerns about ridiculous tactics , divisive rules , and characters with bad matchups can be set aside .
Please enjoy Balanced Brawl !
A new Florida State University study is investigating how quickly the Deepwater Horizon oil carried into Gulf of Mexico beach sands is being degraded by the sands ' natural microbial communities , and whether native oil - eating bacteria that wash ashore with the crude are helping or hindering that process .
What oceanography professors Markus Huettel and Joel E. Kostka learn will enable them to predict when most of the oil in the beaches will be gone .
Their findings may also reveal ways to accelerate the oil degradation rate -- and speed matters , because toxic crude components that remain buried on Gulf Coast beaches may seep into the groundwater below .
" This enormous oil spill affects hundreds of miles of beaches in the Gulf of Mexico , " Huettel said .
" We can remove the oil from the beach surface , but oil is also carried deeper into the sand , and we need to understand what happens to that oil .
Preventing groundwater contamination is crucial not only to Gulf Coast residents but also to coastal management and local economies like fisheries and tourism that depend on water quality . "
" We will also study the effect of the dispersant known as Corexit on oil metabolism by natural microbial communities , " Kostka said .
" Through contacts in the field , my laboratory has acquired Corexit and source oil from the MC252 ( Deepwater Horizon ) well head for use in our experiments . "
St. George Island , Fla. , and Dauphin Island , Ala. , have served as the primary research sites since early June , when the one - year study began .
In addition , the researchers have obtained heavily oiled sand from Pensacola Beach , Fla. , and from a barrier island off the Louisiana coast .
If warranted by the oil 's movement , they will also collect near - shore water and sediment samples from other Gulf beaches .
Funding for their collaborative research comes from a " RAPID " ( Rapid Research Response ) grant from the National Science Foundation .
advertisement
Huettel and Kostka will analyze sediment cores collected from Gulf beaches to find out how much and to what depth oil washed onto the shore is carried into the sand ; how rapidly microbes in the sand are breaking it down ; and how the oil pollution may be impacting the structure and function of natural microbial communities that help to protect water quality on the coast .
" We 'll also show how the oil itself alters the transport and filtration of oxygen - rich water into the beach by clogging the sand -- and how this clogging and resulting reduced oxygen availability in the sand affects the microbial community and degradation of buried oil , " Huettel said .
Currents and winds carry the oil , and oil combined with dispersants -- chemicals that disperse the crude into very small oil droplets -- to the Gulf shores , where it washes up on sandy beaches .
Larger crude - oil accumulations such as pancake oil ( round , flat accumulations of heavy crude oil ) and tar balls ( weathered crude oil accumulations that have been formed into ball - shaped structures ) are deposited on the beach .
Meanwhile , liquid oil ( in the form of an oil sheen , or small dispersed droplets ) can penetrate many feet deep into the permeable beach sand .
" Oil - filled water that washes up on the beach filters through the porous sediment and carries the oil with it into the sand , " Huettel said .
" In addition , the water - level drop between high and low tide causes a water - level drop within the beach sediment that can transport oil that has penetrated into the beach into even deeper sediment layers . "
" Crude oil is a natural component that constantly seeps out of Gulf of Mexico sediments -- obviously in much smaller quantities than those now caused by the drilling accident -- so native microbes have evolved that consume this oil and thereby degrade it , " Kostka said .
" These microorganisms include bacteria and also some microalgae that live in the water column and the sediments of the Gulf of Mexico . "
advertisement
Kostka said oil accumulations deposited on the beach surface are easily removed by , for example , scraping off the top layer of sand .
However , the oil components that penetrate into the sand can only be removed by microbial degradation .
" If oxygen is present -- as it is in the water and in the upper layers of the beach sand -- the microbes decompose the oil aerobically ( by using oxygen ) , " Kostka said .
" This degradation process is much faster than the degradation under anaerobic conditions ( when no oxygen is available ) , such as those found in deeper sediment layers of the beach .
That 's why at the site of the Exxon Valdez oil spill in Alaska , oil can still be found deeply buried in the gravel beach sediments , because anaerobic microbial degradation is slow and , in Alaska , slower still because of the cold climate . "
" Unfortunately , said Huettel , " crude oil contains such harmful substances that even small amounts can kill fish larvae -- which means that oil stored in deep layers of beach sediment present a potential source of toxins to near - shore waters and groundwater . "
Their NSF - funded study ( " Rates and mechanisms controlling the degradation of crude oil from the MC252 spill in Gulf of Mexico beach sands " ) is the latest of several collaborations between Huettel and Kostka that have examined organic matter transport and degradation in Gulf sands .
AT&T is not actively limiting upload speeds for iPhone 4 users as some had feared , the company confirmed Wednesday .
Users who have experienced significant slowdowns on their HSUPA connections are apparently suffering the after - effects of a software defect in the equipment AT&T is using in some towers .
AT&T said that the problem should only be troubling less than two percent of wireless customers , and that a software fix is on the way .
Certain pockets of iPhone 4 users began reporting over the long weekend that their upload speeds were significantly reduced from the speeds they got when the iPhone 4 first launched .
As chronicled by MacRumors , many of these users noticed that their uploads seemed to be capped at 100 kbps — significantly lower than the several megabits they were getting a week prior — but that the problem appeared to be regional .
Not all users in every city were seeing the same issues , indicating that it was likely an equipment problem .
( We Ars staffers here in Chicago continually checked our own iPhone 4 data speeds and found no noticeable speed degradation .
As of Tuesday , I was consistently getting 1.2 Mbps or higher in upload speeds , according to the SpeedTest. net iPhone app . )
It turns out the equipment theory was pretty solid : the defect lies in the Alcatel - Lucent hardware that AT&T uses , the company said in a statement sent to Ars .
The problem itself is nebulous — AT&T merely said it was " jointly identified " by AT&T and Alcatel - Lucent , and that it was only triggered under certain conditions .
Still , the issue " impacted uplink performance for Laptop Connect and smartphone customers using 3G HSUPA - capable wireless devices in markets with Alcatel - Lucent equipment , " said AT&T .
" While Alcatel - Lucent develops the appropriate software fix , we are providing normal 3G uplink speeds and consistent performance for affected customers with HSUPA - capable devices . "
With that conspiracy theory laid to rest , affected users will just have to be patient and upload their YouTube videos at reduced speeds until they wait for a fix .
Almathea
Ashraq al - Awsat
Amalthea
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
One of the owners of the Libyan vesselheaded towards Gaza said on Tuesday that if Israel will only allow the ship to dock in Ashdod instead of reaching Gaza , the crew will instead unload the humanitarian goods in the Egyptian port of El - Arish .
The activists would then transfer the goods by land to Gaza .
"
If this is the only option put forward by the Israeli authorities , we will choose to sail to the port of El - Arish and transfer the assistance by ground to Gaza , " Greek businessman Aleksei Angeolopoulos said in an interview with the Arabic newspaperAngeolopoulos continued , " I say to the Israeli authorities that the ship is carrying humanitarian aid and food and there are no weapons or prohibited materials , as claimed by Israel . "
" If Israel wants , the Israeli navy is invited to board the ship and to search it so that they can see with their own eyes that it is only carrying food and allow it to continue to the port of Gaza .
" Activists aboard the Libyan aid ship headed for Gaza plan to arrive at their destination Wednesday , AFP news agency reported Monday .
Thedeparted on Saturday evening from a port southeast of Athens , carrying 2,000 tons of cargo , including sacks of rice and sugar , and corn oil and olive paste , mostly donated by Greek companies and charities , organizers said .
In addition to 15 volunteers – all from Libya , except for a Nigerian and a Moroccan – the ship has a crew of 12 from Cuba , Haiti , India and Syria .
Trying for glory a second time , Seagate is very soon to announce a hybrid solid state and spinning disk drive , the Momentus XT , with no operating system dependencies .
It marries a 2.5 - inch , 7200 rpm 250 , 320 or 500GB , 3 Gbit/s SATA hard disk drive ( HDD ) with a 4GB solid state drive ( SSD ) , presumably a Seagate Pulsar drive , with data cached in the SSD using a so - called Adaptive Memory algorithm .
This monitors data transfers to and from the drive , starting when it 's first installed and booted up , and copies the most active files and data into the SSD .
It continually does this and , says Mark Wojtasiak , a Seagate senior product marketing manager : " On the second boot it knows about 80 per cent of your activity and you 'll see dramatic increases in the speed of boot , application load and so forth .
By the third boot it 's nearly 100 per cent there . "
Over time as your activity profile changes so do the contents of the SSD .
He said that all writes go the hard drive first so that , should the SSD ever fail , the data is still on the drive .
The SSD uses single - level cell NAND and Seagate has tested it for five years ' worth of use and not seen any loss of performance .
It is a second - level cache as there is a 32MB DRAM cache which , Seagate says , improves write I/O speed with the SSD greatly increasing read I /O speed .
The caching operations do not require any support from the host operating system , a requirement which derailed the previous Seagate Momentus PSD drives of 2006 and 2007 .
They linked a 256MB SSD cache to the spinning disk and relied on Windows Vista making good use of the pair .
It did n't .
The pitch then was to save energy - PSD standing for Power Saving Drives .
This time around the focus is on performance .
How does it do ?
Momentus XT Performance Chart ; lower values are better .
Seagate tested the drive on the SysMark 2007 benchmark .
The chart shows that , generally , the Momentus XT is within striking distance of SSD performance , and well ahead of raw disk drive performance , both a basic 7200rpm 500 GB drive from Hitachi GST and a 10 K Velociraptor .
Adding up all the times on the tests in the chart , the SSD leads with 140.1 seconds .
Next is the Momentus XT with 153.8 seconds , WD's Velociraptor is third with 188.2 seconds and the HGST is fourth with a 7200 rpm drive at 225.6 seconds .
The market aim is to sell the drive into gamers ' workstations and high - end notebooks , offering near - SSD performance at much lower prices - a quarter of SSD prices , according to Seagate .
ASUS , a Seagate OEM , is to unveil a ROG G73JH system with two Momentus XT drives which should be well - received .
Seagate calculates that a notebook user with 2GB RAM and a 250 GB HDD , 5400 or 7200rpm , is best advised to upgrade to 4GB of RAM and the 250GB Momentus XT for the best combination of performance and value , compared to upgrading to a 250 GB SSD and / or going to 8 GB of RAM .
Toshiba is considering whether to put its own hybrid SSD / HDD product into production .
James Bagley , a senior analyst at Storage Strategies Now , said : " I can see applications in mobile clients like my laptop that only has one drive slot .
Using a caching algorithm for hot data , you could get SSD performance and spin the drive only when necessary .
I do n’t see it as an enterprise solution ; better to build a hybrid array . "
Claus Egge , an independent storage analyst previously at IDC , said : " This is about boosting throughput on a Notebook .
Users have certainly enjoyed the speed of SSD in netbooks .
So here is a way of similar performance at a better price .
Success ?
I expect certain high - spec machines to ship with this as standard , and lower down as a config option . "
Desktop users , beset by lengthy Windows and app load times may well look on with envy and hope that Seagate brings out SSD - enhanced Barracudas .
Seagate is also introducing a 750 GB , 7200rpm Momentus drive with a 16MB cache and the SATA 3 G bit /s interface .
There is no detailed information on Momentus XT pricing but our quick rule of thumb is to assume a price of about a quarter of WD 's 250 GB SSD for now . ®
Clearly , this is a map of the Midwest .
But what exactly is it showing us ?
Localized population densities ?
A hellmouth opening just south of La Crosse ?
Warning :
The real answer might bug you out .
Advertisement
It 's a radar image , sure .
A radar image of the millions of swarming mayflies taking over Wisconsin :
A mayfly hatch along the Mississippi River was caught on Doppler radar out of NWS La Crosse this evening .
The radar view below shows an image at 9:13 p.m. CDT on Saturday , May 29 , 2010 .
The bugs are showing up as bright pink , purple , and white colors along the Mississippi River mainly south of La Crosse , WI .
After the bugs hatch off the water and river areas , they are caught in the south - southeast winds while airborne for about 10 - 20 minutes .
Advertisement
That .
Is. Gross . [ NOAA via Neatorama ]
There may be a literal truth underlying the common - sense intuition that happiness and sadness are contagious .
A new study on the spread of emotions through social networks shows that these feelings circulate in patterns analogous to what 's seen from epidemiological models of disease .
Earlier studies raised the possibility , but had not mapped social networks against actual disease models .
" This is the first time this contagion has been measured in the way we think about traditional infectious disease , " said biophysicist Alison Hill of Harvard University .
Data in the research , in the July 7 Proceedings of the Royal Society , comes from the Framingham Heart Study , a one - of - a- kind project which since 1948 has regularly collected social and medical information from thousands of people in Framingham , Massachusetts .
Earlier analyses found that a variety of habits and feelings , including obesity , loneliness , smoking and happiness appear to be contagious .
In the current study , Hill 's team compared patterns of relationships and emotions measured in the study to those generated by a model designed to track SARS , foot - and - mouth disease and other traditional contagions .
They discounted spontaneous or immediately shared emotion – friends or relatives undergoing a common experience – and focused on emotional changes that followed changes in others .
In the spread of happiness , the researchers found clusters of " infected " and " uninfected " people , a pattern considered a " hallmark of the infectious process , " said Hill .
" For happiness , clustering is what you expect from contagion rates .
Whereas for sadness , the clusters were much larger than we 'd expect .
Something else is going on . "
Happiness proved less social than sadness .
Each happy friend increased an individual 's chances of personal happiness by 11 percent , while just one sad friend was needed to double an individual 's chance of becoming unhappy .
Patterns fit disease models in another way .
" The more friends with flu that you have , the more likely you are to get it .
But once you have the flu , how long it takes you to get better does n't depend on your contacts .
The same thing is true of happiness and sadness , " said David Rand , an evolutionary dynamics researcher at Harvard .
" It fits with the infectious disease framework . "
The findings still are n't conclusive proof of contagion , but they provide parameters of transmission rates and network dynamics that will guide predictions tested against future Framingham results , said Hill and Rand .
And whereas the Framingham study was n't originally designed with emotional information in mind , future studies tailored to test network contagion should provide more sophisticated information .
Both Hill and Rand warned that the findings illustrate broad , possible dynamics , and are not intended to guide personal decisions , such as withdrawing from friends who are having a hard time .
" The better solution is to make your sad friends happy , " said Rand .
Image : Morgan / Flickr .
See Also :
Citation : " Emotions as infectious diseases in a large social network : the SISa model . "
By Alison L. Hill , David G. Rand , Martin A. Nowak and Nicholas A. Christakis .
Proceedings for the Royal Society B , Published online before print , July 7 , 2010 .
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecological tipping points .
One of my crossover projects ^
^It began totally harmless with a doodle of a Donna that looked like Lois XDThe rest was History XDGotta love both shows !
Chris Griffin = The MasterMegan Griffin = Rose TylerLois Griffin = Donna NoblePeter Griffin = The Tenth DoctorBrian = Captain Jack HarknessStewie Griffin = DavrosHave fun ^ ^Family Guy ( C ) 20th Century FoxDoctor Who ( C ) BBC
Outrage and concern finally boiled over in Istanbul on Saturday as thousands took to the streets in protest of Turkey ’s Internet Censorship policy .
Physical protests of Internet policy are really a never - before - seen occurance , even with all the twists and turns of cyberspace regulation that have occurred in the past decade .
While the protests thankfully remained peaceful , they drove home a strong point of disapproval to the Turkish government that will hopefully be heard and acknowledged .
The direct law in question is number 5651 which is the foundation for Turkish Internet censorship policy .
This law has been a launching point for a concerning increase in censorship in the past few years .
From the initial ban of YouTube in 2007 all the way through the wide - spread IP blocking that crippled Google services in Turkey , politicians have used this law as a crutch to support any claim trying to limit Internet access for Turkish citizens .
This is not the first time though that this law has been met with challenges from within Turkey .
Earlier this summer , hackers launched an Internet attack against some government websites that represented the organizations responsible for the censorship .
The most shocking protest was actually just before that , when the President of Turkey himself Tweeted his disapproval of the ways that Turkey was censoring the net .
This rise in frequency of protests for Turkey is really unexpected and nothing quite like it has yet happened in other nations who practice Internet censorship .
There is substantial hope that this increase in the vocalization of dislike towards the current policies will incite some change and that other nations with similar policies will start to experience similar responses from their citizens .
Whether or not this most recent protest will catalyze change in Turkey is unclear , but the Turkish government needs to take this historic event seriously unless it wants to see its people get even angrier and take more rash means of protest .
As it stands though , the people of Turkey deserve substantial respect for their ability to continue to peacefully yet firmly express their anger through protest and we can only hope that the government becomes more realistic with its views on censoring the web .
A new documentary and the alleged rape of a homeless woman in New York both illustrate what happens when rape victims are n't " perfect . "
Advertisement
In the New York case , the Post reports that 18 - year - old Robert Gonzales is pleading not guilty to the attempted rape of a 23 - year - old homeless woman in Central Park , on the grounds that she consented — and that she was drunk .
His lawyer James Layton Koenig says , " The victim was intoxicated .
Once the facts are laid out , nothing forcible will be proven . "
The consent argument seems pretty specious given that Gonzales is accused of robbing the victim after he sodomized and attempted to rape her , but what 's really bizarre is the fact that Gonzales 's legal team is using drunkenness as an excuse .
New
York sex crime law turns out to be a little complicated on the issue of intoxication and consent — according to the New York City Alliance Against Sexual Assault , having sex with an intoxicated person is only classified as rape if that person is actually unconscious , or mentally incapacitated by alcohol or drugs " given to them without their consent . "
So having sex with a drunk person is n't always a crime in New York , but raping one still is , and there 's really no reason Gonzales 's alleged victim 's intoxication should work in his favor .
Except that defense lawyers are always trying to discredit rape victims — and Koenig may be gambling that a jury will care less about a woman who was homeless and drunk than about someone who behaved the " right " way .
This constant judgment of rape victims ' behavior is front - and - center in The Line , a 24 - minute documentary directed by Nancy Schwartzman .
The film chronicles Schwartzman 's quest to make sense of her rape : she went home with a man she knew from work , and consented to vaginal intercourse with him , but then he forcibly anally penetrated her and did n't stop when she screamed .
Her friends questioned whether she 'd really been raped ( one said , " just because it hurts does n't mean it was forced " ) , and when she confronted her rapist , he said , " we did everything from our free will , our free love , our passion . "
Perhaps the most telling part of the film , though , is her conversation with attorney Brett Sokolow , who specializes in sexual assault cases .
Sokolow says , " the jury system actually permits a rape - prone society , " and explains , " if you have done anything that places you in a position of vulnerability , that makes you something less than the ' perfect victim , ' [...] you 're doomed . "
Advertisement
Several others in the documentary — including another attorney — express distrust of the criminal justice system 's handling of rape cases , but no one really has an alternative .
Perhaps significantly , though , both rape victims depicted ( Schwartzman 's friend Netanya was also raped , by a stranger ) eventually contact their attackers to explain what the men did wrong .
Victims should n't have to do this , but their words make a powerful point — rapists themselves , not alcohol , revealing clothing , homelessness , or " bad choices " are responsible for victims ' pain .
As activist Don McPherson explains , " we do nothing to talk to men about not raping , but we do talk to men about how to protect themselves , which is [...] why we place the blame on women when something happens . "
The attitude that sex is something men are supposed to want and women are supposed to evade does n't just result in victim - blaming — it also creates a monolithic view of sex that denies the experiences of people like Schwartzman ( as Sokolow points out , " consent to one form of sexual activity is n't consent to every other form " ) .
Part of teaching men ( and women ) not to rape is the lesson that sex should be cooperative and communicative , not something , as McPherson says , that " we do to the Other . "
The Line also has a Tumblr where volunteers respond to the question , " where is your line ? "
The most recent entry :
Thanks for asking !
I will do what WE decide ( and it will be hotter because we agree )
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Drunk Rape Defense [ NY Post ]
Where Is Your Line [ Tumblr ]
Where Is Your Line ? [ Official Site ]
It began as little more than a spat between a group of nimbys and a fruit grower in a beautiful corner of the countryside immortalised by Wordsworth .
But a dispute snaking its way through the judicial system has been transformed into a battle for the British strawberry .
The epic confrontation – over the humble polytunnel – is pitching conservationists against farmers , nature against agriculture , man against the seasons , in a classic stand - off that could come straight from a script of The Archers .
The gauntlet was thrown down by a Herefordshire conservation group that challenged a decision by the local council to grant planning permission for polytunnels covering 54 hectares in the picturesque Wye Valley .
The Wye Valley Action Association ( WVAA ) claims the structures , adjacent to an area of outstanding natural beauty , are an eyesore , responsible for " landscape blight " .
It appealed against the decision in the high court , where a judge found the council had made an " error of law " by failing to ensure an environmental impact assessment ( EIA ) had been carried out at the site in compliance with a European Union directive .
Giving the background to his decision , the judge , Ian Dove , even quoted Wordsworth , whose walks around Tintern Abbey on the banks of the Wye , prompted him to write : " How oft , in spirit , have I turned to thee , O sylvan Wye ! "
Dove noted the case hinged on issues that concerned Wordsworth – " the natural landscape and those who tend it " .
He ruled the polytunnel site should be subject to an EIA because it was close to a conservation area and a site of special scientific interest overlooked by a historical monument , Goodrich castle .
The ruling raised eyebrows because it recognised the impact of the development on the surrounding countryside , not just on the farmland where the polytunnels were erected .
The National Farmers Union , which claims 90 % of strawberries grown in Britain are produced under the temporary structures , fears the decision will have wider implications if allowed to stand and will support a legal challenge in the Court of Appeal in November .
Much is at stake , not least the length of the farming year .
The British strawberry industry is worth almost £ 400 m a year and now stretches from early spring to late autumn .
" Polytunnels have been largely responsible for the success of the berry industry over the last couple of decades , " said Phil Hudson , the union 's chief horticultural adviser .
" They have extended the fruit - growing season from 12 weeks a year to six months , reducing the need for imports .
Without them we would be exporting jobs outside the UK .
They are going to become even more important as the UK seeks to ensure its food security . "
In 2008 a landmark planning inquiry heard evidence from a farmer who claimed that during the wet summer of 2007 he would have lost 50 % of his crops without polytunnels .
This would have had an impact on the catering at some of the UK 's most prestigious sporting and cultural events .
About 60,000lbs of strawberries are eaten during the Wimbledon tennis tournament alone .
The outcome of the appeal could have implications for fruit growers across Britain who use " Spanish " polytunnels – walk - in tunnels made of polythene sheets tied to arches – that are subject to planning permission from local authorities .
The structures are found in the fruit - growing counties of Gloucestershire , Somerset , Kent and Worcestershire , but are a common sight across the UK .
Conservation groups claim their use is more than simply an eyesore .
They say the structures deter tourists from visiting the countryside , affect water tables and increase traffic .
Polytunnel farms also rely heavily on migrant workers for fruit - picking , leading to the creation of unsightly temporary caravan parks .
But their success means they are now used in other areas of fruit production .
A submission to a parliamentary committee from one conservation association claimed : " Polytunnel operations are quasi - industrial processes now diversifying from strawberry growing to other high - value crops such as asparagus , raspberries and even dwarf cherries . "
Paul Stookes , the solicitor acting for the WVAA , said it was important the law recognised that polytunnels must be subjected to environmental assessments so that all in the surrounding community could comment on their construction .
" There are real tensions in food production , " he said .
" We should be producing food locally , but you have to question whether we should be producing summer fruits in February . "
This hot free indian xxx chat aunty is really amazing on the bed .
I went to her place as I used to whenever I wanted to relax .
She was so kind that she would let me fuck her anytime I wanted .
As soon as I locked her door , she took off all her clothes off and kept exposing her nude body as long as I was with her .
Just look at her amazing tits coming closer to my face .
I loved sucking and pressing those nipples and they looked like ripe fruits .
She lied on the bed flaunting her legs and tits with her tongue rolling all over the juicy lips .
This amazing porn shows an amazing kamwali bai coming to a home asking for job .
He looks at her body and she wears a saree which reveals her waist and red bra .
He recruits her and she begins to clean his bedroom .
Just look at the way she pulls the saree up and shows off her thighs and knees when she kneels and cleans the floor .
After a while , she removes her saree and begins to bath in the shower .
You can see her amazing ass and big boobs while bathing .
She cleans her pussy and hears her boss walking inside the room .
With the nude and wet body , she comes out of the bathroom and seduces her boss .
This lovely Marathi randi looked like a busty aunty .
She is really good when it comes to oral sex .
You should have made her suck your dick .
The best blowjob and you will feel out of the world .
She had removed the tops and wore just her pajamas .
I could see her big tits .
But she was shy enough to reveal her face .
Covering her face , she made me lie on the bed and stroked the cock .
Then , she bent down and took the shaft into her mouth and did that magical blowjob .
It was really great and watch her big boobs shaking when she rode my manhood on the bed .
See Here Now …
Indian Live Cams
Indian Girls On Cam
Googlism.com will find out what will find out what Google.com thinks of you , your friends or anything !
Search for your name here or for a good laugh check out some of the popular Googlisms below .
BRILLIANT way of finding out what your name means on the web by cross- referencing Google search results .
Mirror.co.uk
Who What Where When
Disclaimer : Googlism.com is not affiliated with , owned by , or connected to Google in any way .
The site Googlism.com is not endorsed by Google.com .
All product and company names are trademarks ™ or registered ® trademarks of their respective holders .
After breakfast at the hotel , we will caravan to Mount Washington .
Our ascent is broken down into three sections .
Our first objective is hiking through the forest along the Ammonoosuc Stream to beautiful Gem Pool .
The trail quickly steepens for 1,500 ' to the exposed Lake of the Clouds Hut at 5,100 ' , which is our second rewarding objective .
At this point we are likely to begin experiencing extreme and challenging weather conditions .
We assess current weather , climbing conditions , how the group is feeling , and if conditions are favorable , make a decision for a continued ascent .
From the Lake of the Clouds it is another 1.5 miles and 1,100 ' of elevation gain along the Crawford Path to the summit .
Once we reach the summit cone , expect to be greatly rewarded .
However , be prepared to experience the notorious cold and extreme weather Mount Washington is known for !
We descend and plan to return to Lincoln around 5:30 pm .
If you wish to extend your stay at the Holiday Inn Express , please book a room for this evening .
If you are flying out tonight , please leave plenty of time to reach the airport and note there could be winter driving conditions .
Breakfast Included .
Note :
The climb from Lake of the Clouds to the summit typically takes 3 - 4 hours .
Above tree line , travel in winter is extreme .
Expect high winds , arctic temperatures and ample opportunity to test your newfound skills and willpower .
As we ascend your guides will continue to offer coaching and instruction on climbing efficiently and safely .
Winter Mountaineering : 8 miles ; elevation gain 4,000 '
Gunmen armed with machine guns have shot dead at least 17 party - goers in a pre-dawn attack outside the northern Mexican city of Torreon , officials say .
Authorities say the heavily armed attackers have also wounded 10 others after spraying bullets through a recreation centre in Coahuila state , near Mexico 's northern border with the United States .
A source with the state police department said witnesses reported hearing members of the group yell " kill them all " before they opened fire .
The attack took place about 1.30 am on Sunday ( 0630 GMT , 1630 AEST ) at the recreation centre , a popular weekend retreat situated in an usually calm suburb among gardens and lakes .
Authorities said they found more than 200 bullet casings fired from automatic weapons following the massacre .
Officials said most of the shooting victims were in their 20s and 30s .
50 Iconic Book Covers
In no particular order , AbeBooks presents 50 iconic book covers that we love .
If you saw these particular editions in a bookshop window , then we believe you would stop and stare .
Most have been around for some decades , some are very famous , some were famous , and a few have been forgotten .
Every one is all worth a second look .
More to Discover
The switchover to digital radio is fast approaching , so it ’s essential the government and carmakers act now to avoid DAB becoming an expensive headache for car owners in the future .
I was delighted to hear last week that the BBC no longer plans to axe its excellent 6 Music digital radio station .
It ’s a personal favourite in the Headland house – and is greatly missed in my analogue - only car .
It ’s also frustrating tuning into the football on 5 Live when I ’m driving , with its patchy , scratchy AM quality ( when I ’ve grown accustomed to the noise - free DAB signal at home ) .
I ’m sure I ’m not alone .
Which raises the question – why have n’t more carmakers embraced DAB already ?
DAB in cars by 2013 ?
Culture minister Ed Vaizey announced last week that the new government is still fully committed to digital radio , stressing that the switchover ’s 2015 target date is not set in stone .
But that does n’t mean the government and carmakers can dawdle .
The sooner DAB radios are fitted as standard in new cars , the smaller the problem of converting radios on used cars will be when ( or if ) switchover finally happens .
Apparently only 1 % of UK cars can currently receive digital radio – a tiny proportion , mainly limited to more expensive models ( like the Audi A8 and Range Rover ) .
But the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders ( SMMT ) has indicated it would be ‘ challenging but achievable ’ for all new UK cars to have DAB radios by 2013 .
It argues that designing new cars takes around four years ( hence the ‘ challenge ’ of 2013 ) .
But fitting DAB is n’t about fundamental vehicle changes .
It ’s about getting a DAB receiver on board and fitting a suitable external aerial for the best reception .
Why DAB ’s not a good option
When Pure can offer its ‘ Highway ’ DAB conversion kit for around £ 100 , it suggests that DAB is n’t too costly for carmakers to build in .
And there are plenty of new cars with a DAB tick - box option ( usually for between £ 100 and £ 500 ) – so it ’s achievable on current production lines .
But the problem is , most car buyers wo n’t tick the DAB box – it ’s just a nice - to - have , rather than a must - have .
Which is fair enough , but it ’s storing up a massive problem for the used cars of tomorrow .
So I say the government and carmakers need to take this particular choice out of the hands of buyers and make DAB / DAB + radios standard - fit as soon as possible .
The prospect of converting all those old car radios ( 20 - 30 m of them , the SMMT reckons ) makes all of us twitchy , so it ’s time for some decisive and swift action .
( And with any luck , we wo n’t have to put up with Sports Report on AM for too much longer … )
We 've always thought maybe we 'd dedicate ourselves to learning cool things like origami and yo- yo tricks in our twilight years , but it 's starting to look like we might not have to bother , after all .
A team of researchers have created " programmable matter " -- essentially origami that folds itself .
Made from paper that 's edged with programmable actuators which cause it to ' fold itself , ' its creators hypothesize that it could be used to make things like cups that adjust to the amount of liquid they contain , but really , does something like this need to justify its existence ?
Check out the video below , and hit up the source for a full read of the research .
A Hydraulic Ram is water flow driven water pump .
It has no rotating parts and is only operated by two valves .
The Hydraulic Ram was invented in 1793 by the Montgolfier brothers in France .
The illustration here is not the design used today but the principles are the same .
How it works
The Hydraulic Ram pumps with the energy from high velocity water which is suddenly blocked by a valve ( the ball ) .
This blocking causes an impulse which presses the water up in a second champer .
Step by step
Look at the ball when it is in the lower position Water flows in with a high velocity at " water in "
The water flows out at " waste water " but at the same time it pushes the ball up the curve
When the ball hits the top point it blocks the water flow and a short impulse is build up behind the ball
The impulse presses a little amount of water through the one - way - valve at very high pressure
The impulse is very short and as air can be compressed very fast the air champer act as an energy buffer
The one - way - valve closes again
The air pressure pumps the water out at " water out "
The ball was forced up by the water flow but as the flow stopped it rolls back to the lower position
The cycle begins again
The cycle duration is between 1 and 2 seconds .
Links
Wikipedia Hydraulic ram
Great photos by Donald Burger dburger.tripod.com
More technical www.cat.org.uk/information/tipsheets/hydram.html
How Stuff Works www.howstuffworks.com/question318.htm
History of Hydraulic Rams lightning .prohosting.com/~billt/history.htm
Home- made Hydraulic Ram Pump virtual.clemson.edu/groups/irrig/Equip/ram.htm
Technical specifications www.lifewater.org/wfw/rws4/rws4d5.htm
Formula for designing inst.augie.edu/~memeisch/problem.html
More links www.artrans.com/rmsg/water/moving.htm
Feel free to copy and change the animation .
It is released under Creative Commons , Attribution - ShareAlike 1.0 .
Copyright © 2000 by Hans Schou
http://www.schou.dk
How can you believe there is n\'t a God ?
Look at the world around you .
Look at your body .
Who created you ?
If you do n\'t believe in God then how do you think the world was created ?
If you think it was chemicals , then who created the chemicals ?
We could n\'t be made of chemicals as we have feelings and we can think .
I believe in God .
We have very different views but believing in God has helped me to want to be a good person and I am actually afraid to do bad things as I am afraid of God .
If believing in God helps people then religion should stay .
If being an atheist helps you to be a good person then please could you tell me how , but I can not see how .
If you do not like the picture below then feel free to take it off ( if you put it as a comment on the blog ) but that is my veiw .
I 'm sure the parents of the self - identified 12 year - old girl who emailed me would be trilled to know that their daughter is browsing atheist blogs .
Here is what she had to say minus her name :
Unfortunately , the link to a picture you included took me to an error page on Photobucket , so I never got to see it .
I can believe there are n't any gods because there is no evidence that any gods exist .
The fact that I exist cannot be evidence that something was necessary to create me because then we would have to ask what created whatever you assume must have created me .
So if my existence suggests a god , then the existence of a god would suggest a creator of that god .
We 'd have to go on and on like that forever .
The universe simply is - there is no need to assume it was ever created .
I do n't think that believing in god has helped you to be a good person - I 'd give your parents , your friends , your school , and your culture credit for that .
If you are a good person , you would have been a good person with or without believing in gods .
Being an atheist does not help someone be a good person just like being a Christian does not help someone be a good person .
And yet , most atheists and most Christians are good people .
Morality ( our sense of right and wrong ) is independent of religious beliefs .
Look at it this way : if a boy really wants his friend 's bicycle and the only reason he does n't steal it is that he 's afraid of being punishment , we would n't consider him to be a very good person .
But if the boy really wants his friend 's bicycle and he does n't steal it because he knows the other boy would feel bad and he does n't want to make others feel bad , then we 'd consider him to be a good person .
Behaving well only to avoid punishment is not really being a good person
It is too bad that you are afraid of gods .
I remember feeling the same way as a child .
It was no way to live .
I hope you can outgrow it like I did .
Book of the Week Living Apart : South Africa Under Apartheid
by Ian Berry As South Africa celebrates Freedom Day on April 27 , Magnum looks back on the apartheid era of institutionalized racism and segregation .
“ Apartheid ” comes from the Afrikaans word meaning " apartness , " and photographer Ian Berry examines it in stark bluntness here , capturing a society “ living apart ” in the same space — but coming together in the end .
View selected images
Join the Fray © Marilyn Silverstone / Magnum Photos
What do you think of these photos ?
Join the Fray , our reader discussion forum .
Post a message Read messages
My work is based in trust .
I do n't work well just snapping pictures , although some people would say the opposite .
I really feel like intimacy and trust are the guide to my work .
Jim Goldberg
On Schwartzman
Jacket , $ 1,972 , by Band of Outsiders .
Shirt , $ 465 , by Michael Bastian .
Sneakers , $ 42 , by Vans .
Socks by Calvin Klein .
On Cera
Cardigan , $ 60 , by Perry Ellis .
Shirt , $ 60 , by Banana Republic .
Loafers , $ 99 , by G.H. Bass Co. Socks by Lands ' End Canvas .
On Evans
Sweater , $ 90 .
Shirt , $ 78 , by Tommy Hilfiger .
Shoes , $ 600 , by Alden .
Socks by Pantherella .
BitTorrent Inc. released the SDK for uTorrent Apps today , allowing developers worldwide to code their own Apps for the popular BitTorrent client .
To motivate developers into contributing their creations , the company has also announced a challenge with a $ 1000 prize for the best App to be submitted during the coming month .
Earlier this year BitTorrent Inc. launched uTorrent Apps , a web - based extensions framework to add new functionality to the popular BitTorrent client without compromising the lightness most users have come to love .
uTorrent App files have a . btapp suffix and consist entirely of HTML and Javascript .
The Apps can be added to the client with a single click and are displayed using an embedded browser window .
Similar to other apps , addons and extensions in today ’s web browsers and phones , uTorrent Apps will allow 3rd party developers to create applications that will integrate seamlessly with the client .
Initially only a handful of Apps were included with the experimental ‘ Griffin ‘ client .
This project merged with the latest uTorrent 3.0 alpha release last week and today BitTorrent Inc. made an SDK available that developers can use to code their own Apps .
“ Apps for uTorrent is something that we are really passionate about .
For us , it is a natural and important evolution of uTorrent , ” says Simon Morris , BitTorrent ’s VP of Product Management .
“ It is a way for users to create a personalized experience by adding Apps that offer new features and services that are important to them – without compromising the lightness that they have come to love with uTorrent . ”
“ Another important component of Apps for uTorrent is the developer community .
Apps that inspire new and innovative uses of uTorrent – built by developers – are an important part of our vision . ”
To stimulate the development of uTorrent Apps , BitTorrent Inc. is also starting a developers challenge , awarding a $ 1000 prize to the best App to be submitted during the coming month .
With the challenge they hope to encourage developers worldwide to create Apps that will highlight new use cases and redefine how uTorrent is being used .
The Apps bundled with the latest release of uTorrent 3.0 are far from groundbreaking , so it will be interesting to see what creative implementations other developers come up with .
Entries to the Apps developer challenge will be judged based on originality and innovation , quality of product , product or service appeal and technical expertise .
The contest closes on Friday , August 13 , 2010 .
Master of Magic
The Master of Magic is a blend between the civility and the Champions of Power and wizardry .
In the multiplayer game , the player plays the role of a magician and needs to construct towns and gather troops so that he can overthrow the other three magicians in the championship .
Winning the championship is crucial for the player , as when the player wins the championship ; he is able to take command over both the levels of the cosmos .
All the societies can select their own units .
The player has several societies in his kingdom but he can initiate the game with a single society only .
The selection of the society depends on the style in which the player plays .
There are some societies , which comprise of advanced units but , they have some restrictions and are not able to do the work efficiently .
On the contrary , there are some societies who do not have good units , but once , they have established themselves , they take command over the field of the battle .
As the game , Master of Magic starts , the player has two troops and begins to investigate the cosmos to create his own kingdom .
The kingdom should prosper and produce grains .
Also , the player can construct roads and in his kingdom and thus , establish a civilization .
Furthermore , the player studies new charms , which are very helpful for progressing in the game .
The charms can increase the speed of the ships , provide skills to the warriors and also , to control time .
In addition to this , the player can control huge beings with his magic and command them to fight from his side .
In order to toss a charm , the player should possess magical money and ability .
Developed by : SimTex SimTex was established in 1988 by Steve Barcia and went on to create their two most popular and well known series Master of Magic and Master of Orion 1 and 2 but unfortunately closed in 1997 Multiplayer : No Multiplayer Platform : Rated : 38 x Current rating : Uploaded by : Anonymous
Your rating : Not rated - login - and rate
Screenshots
Reviews Review by unknown author
This is a stalwart for RPGs .
Five wizards vying to become the ruler over two worlds .
Recruit champions , run a kingdom and raise armies .
Kill before they kill you .
Develop alliances , get your competitors to betray their alliances .
The end goal :
To rule two worlds !
I give this game 9 1/2 stars out of 10 .
Would have been 10 if it was a true multiplayer game .
Review by sirtheo60
Try this game !
I give this game a 5/ 5 because it is a revolutionary game for its time .
It is extremely complex for a dos game and its graphics are actually decent for a game even in 2005 .
It has extremely good tech tree and a very user friendly interactive interface .
This game is not Freeware , Shareware or Abandonware
What does it mean ?
We allow any archive to be uplodaded to our site , however if we find out that there is still active holder of copyright and / or this game is being actively sold we promtly delete such archive .
Thanks to interest in old games some game development companies ( or what was left of them ) sold rights to old titles to companies like Steam or GOG ,
which are porting old games to new platforms and selling them again .
That 's why - for this game - you wo n't find link to download anymore and we 'll block any attemt to re-upload this game .
You can filter out non-downloadable games by selecting " Only free and downloadable games " in top navigation bar .
Via buy button you can buy this game from one such seller .
This button is provided solely for comfort of people interested in this game and we get no financial or other benefit from doing so .
( Also we can't be hold responsible for any problems you 'll encounter when buying or installing game via this link - please ask seller support if you encounter any compatibility problem ) .
THE HISTORY OF THE CAN IS LITERALLY A HISTORY of western civilization , and its innovation an engine of prosperity in the United States .
Two centuries ago , the first cans were designed to sustain world powers in their quests around the globe .
In boomtown America , the can was key to big business and broader frontiers .
Today , can making is a major economic force ; the more than 130 billion cans Americans use each year have created an eight billion dollar industry , with 200 manufacturing plants in 38 states , that employ more than 35 thousand employees .
The can has moved as fast as consumer demand has grown ; always adapting , innovating and satisfying while preserving the qualities that provide its inherent value — protection and strength .
From the original , crude tinplate canisters shaped by hand to the lightweight , completely recyclable containers produced mechanically today , the can preserves and endures like no other package available .
What 's more , the can brings products into our hands and into our homes , allowing us to enjoy things made at another time in another place which we otherwise would never experience .
Exotic foods and out - of - season produce are merely the beginning of what is now within reach .
Food supplies aid third - world countries , blood plasma rescues wounded soldiers , and a vast array of household products are kept safely in the home , thanks to the utility of the can .
Because we have come to rely so much on the convenience and easy familiarity of canned products , almost imperceptibly present in every part of life , we are the " tin can civilization . "
Without fanfare , the can has played an essential role in the standard of living we enjoy by making the products we want cheaper , safer , easier , more readily available and reliable .
Our health and long life expectancy have benefited from nutritious canned foods ; our wealth and productivity have increased as cans made their products more cost - effective and accessible ; and the innovation and improvement of canned products has left more time for life and leisure .
Research and continual improvements guarantee that the can will consistently and faithfully remain the necessary - but - unnoticed , unsung hero of contemporary living .
The Can's History Begins ( click here to read more )
Ok , I ’ve Rooted , So Now What ?
Aside from allowing the installation of popular ROMs developed by the Android community , rooting your phone also comes with the benefit of being able to install apps that require root permissions .
Finding such apps can be a hassle , so we ’ve done some of the leg work for you and come up with a detailed rundown of our top 8 root - only applications .
Titanium Backup
Cost : FREE ( Full Version : $ 3.99 )
The thought of losing all the apps on your Android device likely evokes a slight sinking sensation in your gut .
Fortunately for root users , Titanium Backup provides a 2 - click peace of mind solution , should such a tragedy befall you .
Titanium Backup is a powerful ( you guessed it ) backup utility which stores your apps , app data , and system data on your SD card for safekeeping .
The application can be configured to run its tasks on a schedule , and the $ 3.99 donate version allows you to set up multiple schedules for the various combinations of backups it is capable of performing .
In addition to the aforementioned capabilities , Titanium Backup can painlessly remove any application from your phone , including system - installed apps ( such as the pesky Amazon MP3 Store , Sprint NASCAR , NFL , and other garbage ) .
Be forewarned : Titanium Backup ’s app removal capabilities can break the OS if you happen to remove an item in your app list that is necessary for critical system functions , in which case you 'd need to reboot into recovery and restore from a backup or flash a new ROM .
ROM Manager
Cost : FREE ( Full Version : $ 3.99 )
If you ’ve ever thought about loading a custom ROM or kernel onto your phone , ROM Manager will make the experience a lot more user friendly .
While it does require a little experience to use , it ’s a lot easier than using recovery boot to do it yourself .
ROM Manager allows you to flash almost any ZIP to your phone , whether it be a kernel , ROM , app package , or radio image .
ROM
Manager does this through Koushik Dutta 's ClockworkMod Recovery ( Koush , coincidentally , is also the author of ROM Manager ) .
Once a ROM or other flashable ZIP file is selected , ROM manager will automatically reboot your phone and flash it through ClockworkMod Recovery .
One of ROM Manager ’s best features is its ability to initiate nandroid backups .
Using Clockwork Recovery ( which must be installed to use the app , and can be done , as shown above , from inside ROM Manager ) , you can create full system images for easy restoration .
If you mess up your OS , load into Clockwork Recovery , choose restore , find your backup , and voila !
Your phone is back to the exact state it was in before you ruined it .
ROM Manager has other features , including support for installing and updating certain big name ROMs ( such as Cyanogen ) , the ability to download and install ZIP files via QR codes , a permissions repair utility , SD card partitioning , and the option to flash alternative recovery images .
ROM Manager is probably the most feature - packed application on this list , and is definitely worth four dollars for the premium version .
ShootMe
Cost : FREE
No , this is not an app which unlocks your phone ’s ability to mortally wound you , nor is it yet another annoying soundboard .
ShootMe is a screenshot app that allows you to take a screenshot of your Android device with a simple shake , without the need for a computer .
While of varying usefulness to different people , ShootMe is far and away the most convenient screenshot app available for Android that I 've used .
The catch , of course , is the requirement of root permissions to run it .
Frankly , I find it useful when I want to shamelessly brag to my iPhone - using friends about how awesome my Nexus One and Android are .
Juice Defender : Ultimate Juice
Cost : € 2.79
Juice Defender is a battery conservation app .
It uses various triggers , rules , and timers to control how often your device utilizes 3G / EDGE APN's ( data connections ) as well as WiFi .
These data connections are the number one drainers of battery life when your phone is idle , so Juice Defender allows you to decide when , where , and how often you want them to be active .
Ultimate Juice ( the paid version of Juice Defender ) must be installed over an existing copy of Juice Defender , and unlocks a few additional capabilities for users with root permissions .
Ultimate Juice provides some extra goodies for root users , particularly the ability to disable all 3G / EDGE ( APN ) connections on your device during selected scenarios .
This includes pesky background mobile data services like Twitter or Facebook , potentially saving a lot of battery life while your phone is idle .
The ability to adjust CPU clock speeds on the fly to conserve battery is another feature of Juice which requires root permissions , and is as customizable as any of the app ’s many functions .
For a list of Ultimate Juice features that require root , its developers have provided this handy table in their FAQ .
Root Explorer
Cost : £ 1.90
Root Explorer is an application for exploring your phone ’s directories , much like Astro File Manager , but with one advantage : it can delve into the deepest , darkest corners of Android through the use of root permissions .
This includes the elusive “ / data ” directory , where treasures such as the dalvik cache and application settings reside .
For developers and tinkerers , its usefulness is self - explanatory .
For the average user , it certainly is a solid file explorer with a likeable interface , though I ’d hesitate to call it as feature - rich as Astro .
One more unique feature of Root Explorer is the ability to modify permissions settings on files or folders .
The usefulness of permissions modification is probably limited to developers for the purposes of debugging and testing ; then again , Root Explorer probably was n’t written with the average user in mind .
Edit by Artem : the " dontpanic " folder in the / data directory is simply hilarious .
Quick Boot
Cost : FREE
Quick Boot is arguably the simplest application on this list .
However , I find it to be one of the most useful .
Quick
Boot does 3 things , and 3 things only : it allows you to reboot , recovery boot , or bootloader boot with a single tap .
The real usefulness of QuickBoot is in the ability to make home screen widgets for these functions , so they ’re always at your fingertips ( pun intended ) .
As has been pointed out to me , these features can all be had separately in other apps .
CyanogenMod has the reboot function built into the power / end - button menu , and ROM Manager sports a recovery boot button as part of its menu options .
But , neither of these have home screen shortcuts to the aforementioned functions .
Quick
Boot may seem a trivial app , but I regularly use the reboot button , and find it to be the easiest way to access reboot , bootloader , and recovery boot functions .
Wireless Tether
Cost : FREE
This is the de-facto app when it comes to wireless tethering - it is free , open source , and actively maintained by its developer Harald Mue .
You can download the app from the market ( the first QR code ) or from the official google code page ( the second QR code ) .
The latter contains experimental releases , which I have so far found stable and more feature - rich than the latest stable versions ( specifically , 2.0.5 pre2 brings support for WPA2 and infrastructure mode to the EVO 4G ) .
Wireless
Tether remains the best way to utilize your Android device as a WiFi or Bluetooth ( PAN ) hotspot , and can be installed on nearly any Android device , including those running older versions of the Android OS .
Wireless
Tether boasts customization that FroYo ’s tether can’t quite match for sheer geekery .
The ability to change your wireless LAN ’s network block ( ie , 192.168.2 vs 10.10.1 ) , enable access control ( choose which clients may use your network by MAC address ) , and alter your broadcasting channel are all features which FroYo ’s tethering app currently lacks .
Wireless
Tether is n’t perfect ; it does n’t support USB tethering , and certain features ( like some higher frequency broadcast channels or alternative encryption schemes ) are limited by the hardware of older Android devices .
Shark For Root
Cost : FREE
This app was previously known as Andro Shark over at the XDA forums , and was in closed beta for some time until it recently reappeared as Shark For Root on the Android Market .
What does it do ?
It ’s essentially a stripped down version of WireShark for your Android phone .
It ’s a particularly geeky app to have , but for developers or those of us obsessed with monitoring where our traffic is going , it ’s a godsend .
Shark monitors all network activity on your device ( presumably from all interfaces ) and outputs a .pcap file .
Unfortunately there is no live feed of the log being generated , and currently no app which can read a .pcap file is available on Android .
But , this is still a beta and those features may eventually materialize .
What About You ?
Do you have a root app that you feel is bar - none the best reason to root your Android device ?
Drop us a comment ; we ’d love to hear about root apps that make you feel like a real superuser ninja .
“ Faced with crisis , the man of character falls back on himself .
He imposes his own stamp of action , takes responsibility for it , makes it his own . ”
So said Charles de Gaulle , who knew a thing or two about handling crises .
We have just been through a crisis triggered by an article in Rolling Stone that led to a change of command in Afghanistan .
And what the crisis reveals about the character of the three principals — President Obama , Gen. Stanley McChrystal and Gen. David Petraeus — has been largely positive to a degree I would not have expected when this blow - up occurred .
Obama has been looking increasingly embattled because of his failure to stop the oil spill , to cope with the Iranian nuclear program and other pressing issues .
But he emerged from this test looking crisp and decisive — in a word , presidential .
He did not allow the Rolling Stone flap to become a drawn - out drama as he did with the review of Afghanistan policy in the fall .
He decided that McChrystal had to go , and within a day he was out .
Obama was especially shrewd to replace him with Petraeus , the best general we have , thus ensuring minimal disruption in operations .
This was an unorthodox move , and Obama gets credit for making it .
In the process , the president ignored advice from some pundits to use this occasion to conduct yet another review of the war .
Instead he strongly affirmed his support for the strategy laid out last December , notwithstanding all the carping about how the counterinsurgency approach has already failed at a time when it ’s barely been tried .
A Republican friend on Capitol Hill summed it up well in an email : “ This was the best we ’ve seen Obama on the war .
Wish we do n’t have to wait six months for him to speak on the war .
POTUS picking Gen. P. is clear indication that he is going with COIN [ counterinsurgency ] and not Biden .
This is a good sign for the December review . ”
I already had an extremely high opinion of Petraeus before this event ; I am hard put to think of anyone in public life that I admire more .
But he has actually gone up in my estimation because he has agreed to take a demotion from being head of U.S. Central Command , the regional military command for the entire Middle East .
He will go from being McChrystal ’s boss to his replacement .
There is little precedent for such a move , and many other officers would have hesitated before accepting , especially since this will entail another long stretch away from home .
That ’s a considerable sacrifice considering that Petraeus has been deployed almost nonstop since 2001 - 2002 when he was a lowly brigadier general in Bosnia .
He then served three tours in Iraq and since 2008 has been on the road constantly as the Central Command chief .
It is hard to imagine any personal gain to be had from this latest assignment ; Petraeus is already the most successful and best - known officer of his generation , and he risks tarnishing his reputation as a miracle worker if he cannot turn around Afghanistan as he did Iraq .
A career counselor would no doubt advise him to pass up this job and let some other general risk failure .
But he unhesitatingly stepped into the breach .
Why ?
I assume it ’s because he knows that prevailing in Afghanistan is a vital national interest , he believes that a good outcome is possible , if difficult , and he feels a duty to serve when called upon .
Finally , how does McChrystal come out ?
The Rolling Stone interview obviously diminished his stellar reputation — and it should .
Griping to any reporter is stupid ; griping on the record to an antiwar reporter is stupidity squared .
Moreover , the comments made by McChrystal and his staff revealed a disturbing contempt for civilian authority and a lack of basic decorum .
But if the actions that led up to the crisis tarnish McChrystal , the way he handled his downfall calls for respect .
To use an old - fashioned , politically incorrect term , McChrystal “ manned up . ”
He did not try to blame his staff .
He did not claim he was misquoted or that the Rolling Stone reporter violated a confidentiality agreement .
He apologized for a terrible blunder and offered his resignation .
Reportedly in the Oval Office meeting with Obama , he made no effort to keep his job .
As Sen. John Kerry said : “ He was very respectful and apologetic , and I think , obviously understood he ’d made a mistake and he was n’t making any excuses .
He was being pretty direct and upfront . ”
That ’s a welcome contrast from civilian officeholders such as former President Bill Clinton whose first instinct is self - preservation .
McChrystal ’s dignified departure — and the way it was handled by all concerned — diminishes the harm that could have come from this unfortunate incident .
Max Boot is the Jeane J. Kirkpatrick Senior Fellow in National Security Studies at the Council on Foreign Relations .
He is writing a history of guerrilla warfare and terrorism .
While I ’d been tracking with great interest the progress of OAuth 2.0 , Facebook lit off the powderkeg yesterday by announcing that their entire API was moving to the protocol ( as well as to RESTful JSON ) .
As a developer who had been constantly confounded by the relentlessly hostile environment that Facebook seemed to present to developers , yesterday was a sudden and welcome about - face .
The acquisition of FriendFeed , it seems , gave Facebook the talent they needed to do it right this time .
But anyway , on to the news !
We have just released a gem for OAuth 2.0 to work with the new Facebook API .
You can get it right now :
gem install oauth2 1 gem install oauth2
We wanted to get this into the hands of developers ASAP so for now the functionality is pretty much limited to the “ web server ” type of authentication ( the protocol includes many different strategies , all of which will be implemented on the gem over time ) and has been tested to work with Facebook ’s new API .
So how do you use it ?
Here is an example Sinatra application containing all of the code necessary to authenticate and then perform requests against the Facebook API .
require ' rubygems ' require ' sinatra ' require ' oauth2 ' require ' json ' def client OAuth2:: Client.new ( ' api_key ' , ' api_secret ' , : site => ' https://graph.facebook.com') end get '/auth/facebook ' do redirect client.web_server.authorize_url ( :redirect_uri => redirect_uri , : scope => ' email , offline_access ' ) end get '/auth/facebook/callback ' do access_token = client.web_server.get_access_token(params[:code ] , :redirect_uri => redirect_uri ) user = JSON.parse( access_token.get ( '/ me ' ) ) user.inspect end def redirect_uri uri = URI.parse ( request.url ) uri.path = '/auth/facebook / callback ' uri.query = nil uri.to_s end 1 require ' rubygems ' require ' sinatra ' require ' oauth2 ' require ' json ' def client OAuth2 :: Client . new ( ' api_key ' , ' api_secret ' , : site =& gt ; ' https://graph.facebook.com' ) end get ' / auth / facebook ' do redirect client .
web_server .
authorize_url ( : redirect_uri =& gt ; redirect_uri , : scope =& gt ; ' email , offline_access ' ) end get '/ auth/facebook / callback ' do access_token = client .
web_server .
get_access_token ( params [ : code ] , : redirect_uri =& gt ; redirect_uri ) user = JSON . parse ( access_token . get ( ' / me ' ) ) user .
inspect end def redirect_uri uri = URI . parse ( request . url ) uri . path = '/auth/facebook / callback ' uri .
query = nil uri .
to_s end
So now you ’re ready to get started with the new Facebook API !
This is still an early release , but I ’ll be working on it a lot in the coming months , partially as preparation for my talk at RailsConf in which I ’ll be delving into the OAuth 2.0 specification and what it means for Rails developers in - depth .
The code is , of course , available on GitHub where you can report any problems you run into .
Enjoy !
Update :
Those who are n’t terribly familiar with the protocol may wonder why OAuth 2.0 is n’t just rolled into support of the OAuth gem ( or why I did n’t fork it and do it that way ) .
Honestly , I would have liked to , but OAuth 2.0 is an almost entirely different beast than 1.0a and they share so little functionality that it would basically be two projects living under the same gem name .
So that ’s why !
Ever see a Pokemon tribute video , a Zelda fan film , or a Super Mario Bros .
gaming mod and wonder how the people who made it got away with it ?
Do n't Nintendo's lawyers know how to use the phone ?
Advertisement
This is how a Nintendo shareholder asked the question in late June :
In connection with Nintendo 's basic strategy of " gaming population expansion " , I would like to ask about the handling of fan activities and intellectual properties .
Recently , there are many fan magazines , original short movies , music bands , cosplay activities , websites , orchestras and so on , based on Nintendo 's titles .
If these activities threaten Nintendo 's intellectual properties or licenses , will Nintendo crack down on them aggressively , or just view them as fan activities ?
If Nintendo has any policies , please let us know .
Advertisement
This is how the man the shareholder addressed the question to , Nintendo president Satoru Iwata , answered [ emphasis added by Kotaku ] :
As the principle , please understand that the question is regarding a rather delicate issue to which no one can perhaps identify a clear - cut criterion .
Of course , we cannot say that we can give tacit approval to any and all the activities which threaten our intellectual properties .
But on the other hand , it would not be appropriate if we treated people who did something based on affection for Nintendo , as criminals .
It is true that some expressions are detrimental enough to diminish the dignity of our intellectual properties , and others destroy our intellectual properties ' world - views by connecting them with something not based on fact .
We think one of the criteria for deciding how to respond is whether the expression in question socially diminishes the dignity or value of our intellectual properties or not .
Of course , it is very hard to have a blanket standard as this problem involves many complex elements that are very difficult to judge .
In these meanings , we cannot say OK to any and all such activities and , at the same time , it is not feasible for us to immediately respond to each small issue of this nature every time .
However , these days an individual can easily transmit information through the Internet .
Hearing your question today , as we cannot find these problems only by ourselves , we feel that a kind of contact window should be set up so that people can somehow report to us any inappropriate uses of Nintendo 's intellectual properties which diminish their dignities or values , so that we can respond appropriately .
Got that Nintendo fans ?
Seems like you can get away with being playful about Nintendo 's characters .
Just do n't diminish the dignity of that intellectual property .
Transcript of Nintendo's 70th Annual Meeting With Shareholders
( Photo is of an official Mario costume - wearer at the Nintendo World Store in New York City .
This person 's a pro. )
On the heels of his successful campaigning for Arkansas Senator Blanche Lincoln , helping her return from the dead to eke out a primary victory earlier this month , Bill Clinton has become very popular .
The former president has over a hundred requests from congressional candidates on his desk .
He ’s especially in demand in the South and amongst Blue Dogs , fiscal conservative Democrats .
After all , Clinton can rightfully claim the mantle of fiscal responsibility having left office with record surpluses .
Clinton gives priority to White House requests and leaders , such as Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid for whom he campaigned last week .
Although , thus far the White House ’s usage of Clinton has not been to his best advantage , ahem Joe Sestak .
Other times , Clinton is repaying old friends who stuck by Hillary Clinton during her 2008 bid for the presidency , such as Reps .
Richie Neal of Massachusetts and Sander Levin of Michigan – both of whom of are next on the Clinton ’s long list .
Hillary , as secretary of state , is barred from all politicking and Clinton ’s staff says the two do not by any means coordinate his campaign schedule .
Above all , he goes where he feels he can make a difference : he ’ll also soon be campaigning for Kendrick Meek who ’s in a toss up race for Senate in Florida and Libby Mitchell who ’s in a tight race for governor of Maine .
Clinton ’s advice to candidates ?
“ Get out and tell the people what you ’re doing and what you ’ve done and remind them that this is a job , ” he told Ron Fournier of the AP last week in Nevada .
“ I think you have to tell people you know why they are mad and you know why they are frustrated but the question is , What is the most productive thing to do with it ? ”
A U.S. military judge in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , on Monday set Aug. 10 as the tentative date for war - crimes trial of Toronto - born Omar Khadr .
The ruling came after a topsy - turvy morning of legal proceedings in which Khadr tried , unsuccessfully , to fire his court - appointed lawyer .
Khadr began his pre-trial hearing by insisting to the judge , Army Col.
Patrick Parrish , that he distrusted the military court process and intended to defend himself .
He said there was no chance he would receive a fair trial , regardless of his legal representation , and said he'd fired his court - appointed military lawyer .
" I 'm going to get 30 years no matter what , " Khadr said .
Then , after a recess , Khadr returned to court to say he intended to boycott his entire trial .
But Parrish refused to allow Khadr to fire Lt.- Col. Jon Jackson .
Khadr fired his two American civilian lawyers on Friday .
At the end of the hearing , Jackson said he would consult his bar association in Arkansas to see whether it 's ethical to represent someone who does n't want to be represented .
Exasperated military prosecutors accuse Khadr of trying to make a mockery of the trial process .
Khadr is accused of five charges , the most serious being the murder of an American special forces soldier .
Prosecutors allege Khadr threw a hand grenade that killed Sgt. Chris Speer in Afghanistan in July 2002 when he was 15 years old .
He faces a maximum life sentence on conviction .
Kamikar Singh Dhillon believed he “ did the right thing ” when he murdered his daughter - in - law in a frenzied knife attack .
He told a Brampton court Friday that he had to kill Amandeep Kaur Dhillon , 22 , so she would n’t disgrace his family .
Dhillon , 48 , admitted he had intentionally stabbed her multiple times because he believed she was having an affair with another man and was about to leave her husband .
Wedded in an arranged marriage in India in 2005 , the couple had an 18 - month old son , who lived in India with relatives while they earned enough money to support their child in Canada .
Justice Bruce Durno imposed an automatic life prison sentence after Dhillon pleaded guilty to second - degree murder .
The dead woman ’s younger sister reacted angrily to Dhillon ’s claims about her sibling .
“ That man should be put away for life .
. . .
He ruined our family , ” said Pawandeep Benipal , who is married and lives in Brampton .
“ He ’s lying . . . my sister was n’t having an affair with anyone .
He never let her live happily and is now saying all this about someone who is dead , ” she added .
But with Dhillon pleading guilty , Benipal admits the anguish her family has gone through in the past 18 months will somewhat end .
“ We ’ll never forget what happened but we can put this behind us .
In a way , it 's the end .
It 's a relief . ”
Benipal ’s mother - in - law and sister - in - law were present in the court when Dhillon pleaded guilty .
Benipal , who was n't at the court on Friday because she is pregnant and expected to deliver soon , said she wants to be in court on June 9 when Durno will impose his parole ineligibility of between 10 to 25 years after hearing victim - impact statements .
In the attack on Jan. 1 , 2009 , Amandeep was stabbed multiple times about her head and upper body , including wounds on her face and a slash across her throat .
“ I ’m just sorry , ” Dhillon told the court through a Punjabi interpreter .
“ I ’m guilty . ”
Dhillon admitted he murdered his daughter - in - law because he believed she was about to leave his son for another man the next day , Crown prosecutor Steve Sherriff said in an agreed statement of fact read into court .
“ He maintained throughout all of his interviews that her pending separation from her husband would disgrace the family name , which justified his killing her , ” Sherriff said .
Peel homicide investigators found no evidence to confirm any alleged sexual relationship between the deceased woman and another man , court heard .
Dhillon also told police that his daughter - in - law had offered to have sex with him but he turned her down , Sherriff said .
Police found no evidence to support this assertion either .
“ The defendant repeatedly told the police during the same videotaped interview that under these circumstances , he had done the right thing by killing the deceased , ” Sherriff said .
“ The police interviewer strategically suggested that the media and community should be made aware of what he had done and that it was the right thing to do . ”
“ The defendant agreed . . . .
He wanted the police to tell the media that he was justified in killing the deceased ( because ) of the imminent disgrace to his family name . ”
The body of the young woman was found in a washroom in the basement of the family ’s Airport Foods convenience store on Airport Rd. in Mississauga .
She was fully clothed .
The convicted man was also found inside the store with serious neck wounds .
A few days later , he was arrested and charged with first - degree murder after investigators determined he had stabbed himself three times in a bid to throw police off the trail .
He initially told police at the scene that his daughter - in - law had been kidnapped by five masked men armed with knives and guns during a robbery .
He claimed he was also attacked and stabbed .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Investigators believed he had tried to take his own life and he later admitted to police that he had attempted suicide .
Sherriff said Dhillon admitted hiding the bloody knife inside a cardboard box in the basement and told them where they could find it .
Police , however , did not tell him they had already found the murder weapon .
Dhillon initially told police that his daughter - in - law had grabbed the knife and stabbed him once as she fought for her life .
He became enraged and stabbed her until he was satisfied she was dead .
But he now admits she never stabbed him and that all his wounds were self - inflicted .
He said he locked the front and rear doors of the store and attacked her while she was getting a mop from the bathroom for cleaning .
His initial plan was to kill her in their home but he feared it would be difficult to avoid being arrested .
Police quickly became suspicious .
There was money in the cash register .
The deceased woman ’s purse also contained a significant amount of cash .
A security camera revealed nobody entered the store during the relevant time .
His daughter - in - law ’s blood was on his shirt .
Dhillon admitted he acted alone and that his son was n’t aware of his intentions .
Amandeep ’s family in India continues to raise her son , Manmohan Singh , now 3 .
At the time of her death , relatives said she had been trying to sponsor her parents and two sisters to come to Canada and was counting the days until being reunited with her child .
Amandeep immigrated to Canada in 2005 after her marriage to Gurvinder .
Dhillon , a landed immigrant , was separated at the time of the killing from his wife , who lived in India .
With files from Raveena Aulakh
Read more about :
You have probably already heard in regards to the seriousness of high levels of cholesterol and why we must always attempt to preserve healthy ranges .
Musician Demi Lovato has been outspoken and public about her experience with bipolar dysfunction and has grow to be an outspoken advocate for psychological health . …
( WOMENSENEWS–When Delphine Minoui first began reporting on Iran in 1997 for a French newspaper , reformist President Mohammed Khatami had just been elected , press restrictions were light and the government was beginning to engage with the foreign media .
Now 35 , Minoui recalls that back then , the French public held many prejudices and cliches about the Middle East that she hoped to dispel through her reporting .
In contrast to the stereotype of submissive , obedient housewives , Minoui found a strong , defiant female population .
One example was a female cousin who had been flogged by police for attending a party , but who vowed to make no changes in her social life .
Giving that up , she said , implied surrender to the authorities .
In another instance , a police officer ordered a young woman on a street corner to spit out the gum she was chewing .
Instead , the young woman swallowed the frowned - upon substance and smiled .
" I asked myself , would I ever be brave enough to do such things ? " said Minoui over coffee in Beirut , Lebanon , where she has lived since 2007 .
Time has proven her brave enough .
Since 2002 , she has covered the Middle East for the French daily Le Figaro , winning an Albert Londres prize–the French equivalent of the Pulitzer Prize–in 2006 for her reporting from Iraq and Iran .
She also writes op - ed pieces for regional newspapers such as the Abu Dhabi - based The National .
Minoui recently turned her attention to Nujood Ali , the tiny , feisty Yemeni girl who at age 10 marched up the courthouse steps of Yemen ’s capital Sanaa to demand a divorce from a man three times her age .
The case helped focus global media attention on the roughly 25 percent of Yemeni girls forced into early marriage .
Together , Minoui and Nujood wrote " I am Nujood , Age 10 and Divorced . "
Published in France in January 2009 , it became a best - seller there and has since been translated into 20 languages .
It was published in English in March 2010 by Three Rivers Press , a division of Random House .
Transforming an Article Into a Book
Michel Lafon , a French publishing house , contacted Minoui about turning a long article she ’d written about Nujood for Le Figaro in June 2008 into a book .
She returned to Yemen four times after that to fortify her research , spending two to three weeks at a time with Nujood , her family and other major players in the story , such as the judges who ruled in her favor ( and one of whom briefly took her in as a guest when she had nowhere else to turn ) and Shada Nasser , the lawyer who took on Nujood ’s case for no fee .
Nujood ’s young age and limited schooling meant she often could not remember dates or chronology and she would become exasperated if asked the same question several times .
To corroborate her story , Minoui checked Nujood ’s rendition of events with the judges , Yemeni reporters who covered the trial and others involved with the case .
Al - Arabiya and Al - Jazeera , two Arabic - language satellite channels , shared courtroom footage , which Minoui relied upon for her blow - by - blow account of the divorce proceedings .
Minoui also relied on the sensitivity of her interpreter , Eman Mashour , a Yemeni women ’s rights activist and mother of two children .
" She really knew the limits of a little girl and she really knows the culture .
She would say , ‘ Not this question ; ask it another time , ’ " Minoui said .
The reporting process included a lot of time in amusement parks , or playing and drawing .
" We ’d spend 95 percent of the time together hanging out , to have 5 percent of interviewing time , " Minoui said .
During the research period , Nujood was once again living with her parents and Minoui spent extended time with the family , including holidays such as Ramadan , Islam ’s holy month of fasting .
Motivation Behind Early Marriage
At one point Minoui asked Nujood ’s father about his decision to sell his daughter for $ 750 to the deliveryman , who subsequently repeatedly raped and beat her .
" He told me , ‘ I ’m a poor man and I did n’t get any education , ’ " Minoui said .
" He said , ‘ I thought at least she would be with someone who has a little more money than me and she would n’t get kidnapped . ’ "
Minoui is an outspoken critic of early marriage , but says she could " understand more where he ’s coming from " after the interviews .
Yemen is the poorest country in the Middle East , where 1 - in - 2 is illiterate , according to the CIA World Factbook .
A 2008 study by the Gender Development Research and Studies Center at Sanaa University found that 52.1 percent of brides are underage at the time of marriage , compared with 6.7 percent of grooms .
After Nujood first stormed the courthouse , in April 2008 , a handful of other cases in Yemen have come to light .
In September 2009 , a 12 - year - old girl died giving birth and in April another 12 - year - old died of internal bleeding after intercourse with her husband , a man twice her age .
Other cases have had happier endings .
Nasser , Nujood ’s lawyer , said in an e-mail interview that since Nujood ’s case she has handled nine more divorces of young girls married to older men who sexually abused them and won favorable settlements for at least three .
Despite a February 2009 law to fix the age of marriage for girls at 17 and boys at 18 , opposition from conservative lawmakers has stalled its enactment .
In April , the influential Yemeni cleric Sheikh Abdul - Majid al - Zindani announced to a cheering audience at a local university that he would gather one million signatures of people opposed to the legislation .
Book ’s Success Secures Future
On the advice of her publisher , Minoui wrote the book in the first - person and it moves along fluidly , as though the bright , inquisitive Nujood simply opened her mouth and let it all out .
The book ’s success has also secured a comfortable future for Nujood and her family .
Under the contract , Nujood earns a percentage of royalties from both the French and foreign editions .
She has earned enough to buy a large house for her family and Minoui and her publisher helped set up a grocery store on the ground floor where her father and brothers work during the day .
Nujood and her younger sister Haifa are enrolled in a nearby school , but Minoui , who speaks with her once a week by phone , says her attendance is somewhat spotty .
She sometimes stays at home , or plays with three other girls now living in Sanaa who also escaped abusive early marriages by getting divorced .
Minoui says she recently heard from Nasser , Nujood ’s lawyer , that Nujood told another under - age divorcee , " You should write a book too and earn some money for your family . "
Philippe Gelie , foreign editor at Le Figaro , admires Minoui ’s work on both Iran and from across the region .
" She ’s very sharp on the news and has a very sensible quality , " he said .
" You have to be interested in the people you ’re writing about and she definitely has this human touch . "
Would you like to Comment but not sure how ?
Visit our help page at http://www.womensenews.org/help-making-comments-womens-enews-stories.
Anna Louie Sussman is a writer based in New York City .
Her work has appeared in the New York Times , the Washington Post , The Nation and other print and online outlets .
Details of a murder by neo -Nazis in Russia .
On the 24th of May a group of young people were celebrating their friend ’s birthday on the Moscow river embankment in the north - western part of the city .
With the party coming to an end , the company started to dissolve while the rest , around 15 people and mostly girls remained to collect the rubbish .
At this juncture they were attacked by a group of neo -Nazis ( about 40 people ) coming from the bridge , shooting their non-lethal guns and screaming « It ’s them , get them ! "
According to the witness neo -Nazis sought to beat each and everyone .
One of the girls got her back injured hit by a cobble .
When the guys returned to the place most of them managed to get away from , they found their friend Dmitry Kashitsyn lying in blood .
He got severely wounded .
Dmitry died on the spot even before the police and the ambulance arrived .
He was 27 .
Having spoken with the witnesses of the tragedy we can try and represent the incident .
Young people were peacefully celebrating their friend ’s birthday .
Many of them were musicians or just heavy / hardcore / punk music fans with typical for this subculture looks .
It is very likely that it came to be this feature and , especially , the guys ’ tattoos that caught attention of the neo - Nazis who decided to attack them because they thought them to be anti-fascist activists .
The assault was well - planned and deliberate , which is evidenced by the following facts .
The first point is that it happened at the end of the celebration , which means that some of the Nazis might have noticed a group of young people , spread the word about that and started preparing an attack .
The second is that at the very moment of the attack the Nazis were shouting Nazi slogans and were having non-lethal guns and knives on them .
The third point is that they were all wearing masks .
Dmitry ’s friends told us that all of the young people present at the birthday party had no relation to the anti-fascist movement and took no interest in politics .
Dmitry Kashitsyn had no relation to antifascists either , he just loved heavy music and rarely visited his favorite bands ’ concerts .
None of the victims had self - defense weapon and they got baffled by such an impudent attack .
As a result neo -Nazis attacked young people who were peacefully resting , beat them up and killed a young Russian guy just because they suspected him of having the opposite views .
Once again this tragedy shows us that the threat of getting beaten up or killed by neo - Nazis is real and concerns each of us , regardless of age , sex and nationality .
Antifascists from Moscow express their condolences to Dmitry ’s family .
We will do anything to ensure that those who did it will not get away unpunished .
This tragedy has proven that there is an urgent need to confront the neo -Nazis and all those who sympathize with them .
It is everyone ’s duty to do their best to ensure that such tragic event never happens again .
Dmitry ’s friends started a fundraising campaign to support his family .
http://www.antifa.ru/4462.html
Am Samstag , den 23.05.2010 ereignete sich in Moskau erneut ein Mord an einem Angehörigen einer Subḱultur .
Eine Gruppe von Neonazis tötete den 27 - jährigen Dmitrij Kashizyn einzig aus dem Grund , weil sie ihn für einen Antifa - Aktivisten hielten .
Übersetzung des Berichts von antifa.ru :
Gestern abend feierte eine Gruppe junger Leute den Geburtstag eines ihrer Musiker - Freunde bei einem Grill - Abend in der Nähe der Stroginskij - Brücke im Nord -Westen Moskaus .
Nach dem Ende der Feier gingen die meisten Gäste , nur etwa 15 Leute , der größte Teil junge Frauen , blieben , um aufzuräumen .
Alle von ihnen besaßen ein " slavisches " Äußeres .
Plötzlich wurden sie von einer ca. 40 - köpfigen Gruppe Neonazis angegriffen , die sich von der Brücke her näherte .
Mit dem Ruf " Das sind sie , holt sie euch ! " begannen die Neonazis , aus Gaspistolen zu feuern und sich auf die Gruppe zu stürzen .
Einem Augenzeugen zufolge machten es sich die Angreifer zum Ziel , alle Anwesenden zu attackieren .
Eine der Frauen trafen sie mit einem Pflasterstein , wobei ihre und Wirbelsäule verletzt wurde .
Als diejenigen , die fliehen konnten , wieder an den Tatort zurückkehrten , fanden sie den 27 jährigen Dmitrij Kashizyn in einer Blutlage liegend vor .
Ihm waren an die 15 Messerstiche zugefügt worden , durch die er an Ort und Stelle verblutete .
Die Miliz traf 10 Minuten nach den Geschehnissen ein , ein Krankenwagen erst 40 Minuten später .
Anhand der Aussage eines Augenzeugen dieser Tragödie kann der Ablauf des Mordes rekonstruiert werden :
Die Gruppe junger Leute feierte friedlich den Geburtstag ihres Freundes .
Viele von ihnen waren selbst Musiker_innen oder Anhänger_innen der Hardcore - Szene , was ihnen äußerlich an ihrem Kleidungsstil auch anzusehen war .
Es ist anzunehmen , dass es gerade das subkulturelle Äußere sowie die Tattoos der Anwesenden waren , welche die Aufmerksamkeit der Neonazis erregten .
Mit der Annahme , es handle sich bei der Gruppe um Antifa - Aktivist_innen , beschlossen sie vermutlich , diese anzugreifen .
Dass es sich hierbei um einen geplanten und zielgerichteten Angriff handelte , lässt sich anhand einiger Faktoren aufzeigen .
1. ) Der Angriff geschah zum Ende der Feier .
Ein Neonazi muss die Feiernden zufällig entdeckt und seinen Kameraden von ihnen berichtet haben , woraufhin sie den Angriff vorbereiteten .
2. ) Bei ihrer Attacke schrien die Angreifer typische und eindeutig neonazistische Losungen und trugen sowohl nicht - letale Schusswaffen als auch Messer bei sich .
3. ) Alle Neonazis waren vermummt .
Von den Freunden des Ermordeten haben wir erfahren , dass keine der anwesenden Personen der Antifa angehörte bzw .
sich überhaupt für Politik interessierte .
Auch Dmitrij Kashizyn selbst besaß keinerlei Verbindungen zur antifaschistischen Bewegung , er war lediglich ein Hardcore - Fan , der ab und zu Konzerte seiner Lieblingsbands besuchte .
Keine_r der Angegriffenen trug Selbstverteidigungswaffen bei sich , der äußerst brutale Überfall kam für alle überraschend .
Die Neonazis griffen also eine harmlose Gruppe feiernder junger Menschen an , schlugen sie zusammen und ermordeten einen jungen Mann einzig aus der Annahme heraus , er könne ein politischer Gegner sein .
Dieses schreckliche Ereignis beweist zum wiederholten Male , dass die Gefahr , von Neonazis attackiert oder ermordet zu werden , jede_n von uns treffen kann , unabhängig von Alter , Geschlecht oder Nationalität .
Die Antifaschist_innen Moskaus bekunden der Familie des Ermordeten ihr Beileid .
Wir werden unser Möglichstes dafür tun , dass die Schuldigen nicht unbestraft bleiben .
Das Geschehene bestärkt uns einmal mehr in dem Wissen , dass die neonazistische Bedrohung real ist und das es eine existentielle Notwendigkeit ist , gegen Neonazist_innen und ihre Symphathisant_innen Widerstand zu leisten .
Es ist die Pflicht eines jeden vernünftigen Menschen , das Möglichste zu tun , damit sich so etwas nicht noch einmal wiederholt .
Dmitrijs Freunde haben einen Spendenaufruf zur Unterstützung der Familie gestartet .
Quelle : http://www.antifa.ru/4462.html
weitere Artikel ( russisch ) :
* http://www.gazeta.ru/social/2010/05/24/3372165.shtml
* http://www.izvestia.ru/obshestvo/article3142152/
* http://www.ikd.ru/node/13542
Posted by , May 23 , 2010 @ 6:56 am in Releases
We ’ve released Ruby on Rails 2.3.6 : six months of bug fixes , a handful of new features , and a strong bridge to Rails 3 .
We deprecated some obscure and ancient features in Rails 2.3.6 so we could cut them entirely from Rails 3 .
If your app runs on Rails 2.3.6 without deprecation warnings , you ’re in good shape for a smooth sail onward .
This slow - cooked dish is brought to you some 87 committers from our all - volunteer kitchen .
Now , let ’s open the goodie bag !
Action Pack
Upgrade Rack from 1.0.1 to 1.1.0 .
XSS prevention : update to match Rails 3 and move to the official plugin at http://github.com/rails/rails_xss.
prevention : update to match Rails 3 and move to the official plugin at http://github.com/rails/rails_xss.
Cookies : convenient cookie jar add - ons to set permanent or signed cookies , or both at once : cookies.permanent.signed[:remember_me ] = current_user.id .
Read more .
. Read more .
Flash : promote alert and notice , the most common flash keys in many apps , to self .
alert = '...' and self .
notice = '...' .
Add redirect_to url , : alert => '...' and : notice => '...' .
Read more .
and , the most common flash keys in many apps , to and .
Add and .
Read more .
i18n : localize the label helper .
Active Record
Namespacing : support optional table name prefixes on modules by defining self.table_name_prefix .
Read more .
. Read more .
Destroy uses optimistic locking .
Counter cache : use Post.reset_counters ( 1234 , : comments ) to count the number of comments for post 1234 and reset its comments_count cache .
to count the number of comments for post 1234 and reset its comments_count cache .
PostgreSQL : always use standard - conforming strings , if supported .
MySQL : add index length support .
Read more .
MySQL : add_ and change_column support column positioning using : first => true and : after => :other_column .
Active Support
Upgrade i18n from 1.3.3 to 1.3.7 .
Upgrade TZInfo from 0.3.12 to 0.3.16 .
Multibyte : speed up string verification and cleaning .
JSON : use YAJL for JSON decoding , if available .
gem install yajl - ruby
: use for decoding , if available .
Testing : add assert_blank and assert_present .
Read more .
and .
Read more .
Core : backport Object # singleton_class from Ruby 1.8.8 , deprecating our Object #metaclass .
from Ruby 1.8.8 , deprecating our .
Core : add Object # presence that returns the object if it ’s #present ?
otherwise returns nil .
Example : region = params [ : state ] .
presence || params [ : country ].presence || ' US '
that returns the object if it ’s otherwise returns .
Example : Core : add Enumerable #exclude ? to match include ? .
to match .
Core : rename Array#rand to Array # random_element to avoid collision with Kernel#rand .
to to avoid collision with .
Core : rename Date# and Time#last_( month|year ) to # prev_ ( month|year ) for Ruby 1.9 forward compatibility .
Active Resource
JSON : set ActiveResource ::Base.include_root_in_json
= true to serialize as a hash of model name → attributes instead of a bare attributes hash .
Defaults to false .
Action Mailer
Upgrade TMail from 1.2.3 to 1.2.7 .
Railties
Silence RubyGems 1.3.6 deprecation warnings .
Peruse the commit log for the full story .
A couple of weeks ( or so ) ago , my phone rang .
I picked it up to hear a recording of a very excited man congratulating me for winning a trip to Cancun !
All I had to do was push 1 to claim my prize .
Now , of course I knew that this was a telemarketing deal and by pushing 1 , I was inviting a salesperson to try their best to ram a pricey vacation package down my throat then reach up my ass and pull out a commission .
I had some fun with that guy by pretending to be a complete moron who was jumping up and down , convinced that I was going to Cancun for free .
I made it as difficult as possible for the salesman to break the soul - shattering news to my dumb persona by telling him how I 'd never won anything in my life and that this was " the best thing that has ever happened to me " .
When the salesman explained that I had n't actually won anything , but their promotional deal was " so great it was almost like winning " , I made sure to not understand what he meant and prolong the awkwardness for as long as possible .
" Well yeah , but I do n't need that promotion though right ?
Because I won a trip to Cancun !
" " Well Sir , right now we 're offering ... " " Are you calling from Cancun ?
Are you there now ?
Did you win a contest too ? !" " Well , we 're offering to treat you like royalty for a week for one low price and ... " " I 've been so sad lately and this just changes my life !
I 'm literally doing the Snoopy dance right now ! " I was n't .
In the interest of believability , I eventually began to show signs of comprehension caked in bitter disappointment .
Although the salesman seemed to believe my reactions were true , he really did n't seem to give a crap that he'd stepped on my smiling face and crushed what I 'd claimed to be the greatest moment in my life .
" So ... so I did n't win anything ?
" " Well , our promotion is so good , it ' swinning . "
He kept saying that .
I 'm pretty sure it was written on a piece of paper that was stuck to his cubicle wall with a hunting knife stabbed through it .
" So I ... I lose ? " " No Sir , we 're ready to offer you $ 2,500 off of our amazing package right now .
It 's a great deal and available for a very limited time .
" " Well that actually does sound like a great deal .
Would I be able to purchase the package from you over the phone with my credit card ? "
" Yes Sir , I can do that for you , no problem . " " Would I be able to pay the full amount right away or do I have to pay in payments ? "
" Oh no , a full payment is very easy to do .
I can arrange that for you right away if you like . "
" Oh that 's great because I really want to buy this trip .
You 've definitely made a sale .
Well ... actually it ' syou 've made a sale , but it 's really just me telling you to fuck off .
" That 's where I ended the call .
Usually after I 've had my fun with telemarketers ( remember , it 's not a prank call if they call you ) I tell them to put me in the ' do not call ' list .
Apparently , by law , they have to do this .
However , I forgot to tell Mr. Cancun to put me on such a list which led to ... Today I got another call from that happy recording , telling me that I 'd won a trip to Cancun ! ... Again !
I sighed and pressed 1 to claim my prize .
Soon I was talking to a lovely lady who asked how I was and began telling me about their amazing vacation deal .
" I won a trip to Cancun ! " I interrupted with excitement .
" Actually no , I 'm offering you a promotional deal worth $ 2,500 ... " " Can I just have the cash ? " " What ?
No , it does n't work that way .
For a limited time , you can ... " " This is the second time I won !
I mean Jesus Christ , what are the odds , right ? " " You did n't actually win anything . "
This lady was a bit more truthful about the whole deal .
" I disagree , I won a trip to Cancun .
That 's what the recording told me .
Twice .
So can I have both of my prizes converted to cash on one check or do I need to get two separate checks ?
" At this point the lady seemed to have decided to play this call by the book .
Maybe she thought she was being tested with a weird training call or something , but she refused to do anything other than read from her sales pitches that were no doubt tucked into the three - ring binder in front of her ( by the way , I 'll bet $ 50 that there are a minimum of two hearts doodled somewhere on that binder ) .
No matter how bizarre I got , she kept reading her pitches word for word .
Sometimes talking right over me .
Eventually I got bored and ... " Look , I 'll be honest with you .
You 're company called me up and tried to reel me in with a flimsy lie about winning a contest .
It 's pretty low . "
I waited for her response but was met with only silence until ...
" The weather in Cancun has been beautiful and so this is a better time than ever to ... " " Are seriously still trying to sell me ? " " Look , this is my job .
" " Well your job is lying to people , disappointing them , then using that to squeeze a sale out of them .
" Silence .
" Sir , since you 're still on the line I can only assume that you are interested in one of our vacation packages .
Perhaps I can tell you about ...
" At this point something glorious dawned on me and I swear tothat I actually heard angels singing above me as the sun suddenly shone a bit brighter through my window .
I had reached telemarketing Nirvana .
" Wait a second , " I said " you ... you 're not allowed to hang up on me are you .
" Silence . " You can save $ 2,500 on ... " " You can't hang up on me !
You have to hard sell me until you either make a sale or I hang up !
" Silence .
" Sir , since you 're still on the line I can only assume that you are interested in one of our ... " " BAHAHAHAHA !
This is awesome !
What should I tell you about ?
Want me to describe my big toe to you ?
Because I may be interested in hearing about your Cancun package if you learn all about my big toe .
You better not hang up on me because this vacation dealy is starting to sound pretty sweet .
" Silence . " ... interested in one of our vacation packages .
Perhaps I can tell you about our amazing ... " " Have you ever wondered what would happen if you swished with liquid paper ?
I always wondered if it'd make a thin , white , rubbery cast of the inside of my mouth . " " ... perhaps I can tell you about our amazing package deal which includes ... " This sort of back and forth went on for over ten minutes until she eventually broke her company 's rule and hung up the phone .
I will remember this telemarketing call as my Magnum Opus of received telemarketing calls .
Also , I have a weird urge to plan a trip to Cancun .
As always , thanks for reading .
~Thunt
EXPLOTACIÓN .
De acuerdo con cifras del estudio , la población infantil ocupada con un no familiar pasó de 1.8 millones a 1 millón 221 mil 721 .
( Foto : Jorge Alvarado / EL UNIVERSAL )
Deberían estar jugando o en la escuela , dice Margarita Zavala .
En total , 3 millones de menores trabajan en el país
LONDON —
The oil giant BP faced a new furor on Thursday as it confirmed that it had lobbied the British government to conclude a prisoner - transfer agreement that the Libyan government wanted to secure the release of the only person ever convicted for the 1988 Lockerbie airliner bombing over Scotland , which killed 270 people , 189 of them Americans .
The acknowledgment came after American legislators , grappling with the controversy over the company ’s disastrous Gulf of Mexico oil spill , called for an investigation into BP ’s actions in the case of the freed man , Abdel Basset Ali al - Megrahi .
After an initial demand for an investigation on Wednesday by four senators from New York and New Jersey , further calls for an inquiry by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee were made on Thursday by Senators Barbara Boxer and Dianne Feinstein , both Democrats of California .
Mr. Megrahi , a former Libyan intelligence agent , was released and allowed to return to Libya in August after doctors advised the Scottish government that he was likely to die within three months of prostate cancer .
But nearly a year later , he remains alive and free , though kept out of sight , in Libya ’s capital , Tripoli .
You 've been working out for a while , and it 's starting to feel comfortable -- too comfortable .
It 's time to make it tougher again .
Step up the challenge if you recognize yourself in any of these five scenarios .
1 . You do the same moves over and over .
When you first begin exercising , it can be tough to find an activity you love .
Once you do , you want to keep at it , which is great -- but you also need to switch it up .
“ Your body adapts quickly , sometimes in just a matter of a week , to whatever exercise you ’re doing , ” says Janice Clark , a personal trainer in Los Angeles .
“ Once that happens , your body does n’t have to work as hard , and you burn fewer calories . ”
The solution : First , make sure you have a well - rounded fitness program that includes aerobic exercise , resistance training , and stretching .
By doing these three things , you ’ll naturally give your body variety .
Then , every week to 4 weeks , change one thing about your workouts .
For example , ride the stationary bike instead of running on the treadmill .
Push yourself a bit more in one of your cardio workouts , or try a new strength exercise .
2 . You talk with friends the entire time .
A workout buddy can encourage and motivate you .
But if you can easily carry on a conversation while you exercise , you ’re not working hard enough , which will make it tougher to achieve your goals , Clark says .
The solution : Do n't dismiss your buddy , but save the chat for later .
When you exercise at a moderate level , you want to work hard enough so that you can only get out a few choppy sentences , not carry on a full conversation .
When you work out intensely , you should be able to squeeze out only a few words before you need to take a breath .
Image caption
An inquiry into church sex abuse in Belgium has been running for years
Police investigating claims of child abuse by Belgian clergy have told the BBC they are probing death threats against witnesses and magistrates .
Last month police raided a meeting of Belgium 's Catholic bishops as part of their investigation , seizing computers and documents .
They even searched the tomb of at least one cardinal , prompting an angry response from the Vatican .
The country is one of several where the Church has been shaken by abuse claims .
The investigation into child abuse allegations in Belgium 's Catholic Church has already prompted extraordinary scenes , says the BBC's Dominic Hughes in Brussels .
But now the investigation has taken an unexpected turn .
Officials say that police are also looking into threats to the lives of some witnesses and magistrates connected to the case .
Jean Marc Meillure , a spokesman for the public prosecutors office , confirmed that an investigation was under way .
" There are some threats against certain people around the case , and the prosecutors office is investigating that , " he told the BBC .
He said the threats had been made against people who gave the authorities information or made a complaint , or against some magistrates .
Clergy held
The raid last month on the offices of a Church commission investigating the abuse claims led to some of the country 's leading clergy being detained for nine hours .
Police took away their mobile telephones to prevent them communicating with their staff or with the Vatican .
They were also reported to have drilled into the tomb of at a former Belgian cardinal at the cathedral in Mechelen during what seems to have been a frenetic search for possible incriminating documents .
Officers also raided the nearby home of the recently retired archbishop of Belgium , Cardinal Godfried Danneels , seizing paperwork and his computer .
The allegations of child abuse by priests in Belgium are just the latest in a string of similar cases that have hit the Catholic Church in Europe and North America .
Big news from the main man .
Alright , so it 's time to come clean .
I have n't been updating my website very regularly .
In fact , here 's a graph of the frequency of articles I 've posted per year to present , versus the US unemployment rate because there 's a direct correlation between my writing and national prosperity :
So what have I been doing with my time ?
Other than deleting email from all you pussies with nothing better to do than to email me about updates all the time ?
Jesus , you losers need to go outside .
But in the interest of cutting down on the whining , here 's the short version :
About a year ago , I was wrestling a bunch of chicks and snakes in some bar when this guy named Dick Masterson walked in .
When the bartender asked us what we were having , we both said " Old Fashioned " at the same time .
We gave each other the nod , got back to back and proceeded to beat the shit out of every man , woman and child in the bar in super slow motion .
And yes , there were lots of kids in the bar , so do n't email me like some spastic know - it - all dipshit , I do n't care what you know about which laws .
We were in Mexico .
So your limp - dicked laws do n't apply .
Kids drink .
One day Dick and I were setting off fireworks on a battleship , when we got the idea to make a TV show for this company called Spike TV , because they were looking for something badass to fill that gaping hole in their late night programming womb .
Imagine a show like Montel Williams or Regis & Kelly that men would watch .
Can't ?
That 's because it does n't exist .
We wanted to make a show that banged your face with the dicks of our ideas .
There are no celebrities and fashion designers to be seen on our show .
Just hard working guys earning an honest living with a story to tell , like this badass guy I read about who killed a mountain lion with his chainsaw a few months back .
So we had a meeting with Spike and we made the case for why this show was not just good for their network , but good for mankind .
We set out to save modern television from going down as one of the womanliest epochs in history .
Our treatment literally had the line : " So you think you can dance ?
Fuck you . "
Spike loved it .
So two high - fives and six months later , shit started happening :
We snuck this bitch under the radar by counting on the
fact that my fans do n't read variety .
We were right .
Which brings me to this badass other show I was working on right around the same time all this shit went down .
A little show I like to call :
I was about to launch The Best Show in the Universe when all this Spike shit went down and threw everything off schedule .
But now I have some bad news that hurts like finding out your wife has been cheating on you with your best friend , and your best friend is a shotgun : the future of the Spike show is uncertain .
Like all TV shows , everything takes forever in Hollywood , so if you want it to happen , tell Spike .
In the mean time , here 's some good news .
My show will happen .
I have episodes shot and edited that are ready to go , and I will launch them this week .
That 's what the big countdown timer is for on my main page :
So you can either wait around until that thing counts down , or you can subscribe to my YouTube channel .
And for the record , I do n't give a shit whether you subscribe or not .
Everyone on YouTube desperately begs you to subscribe so they can get more ad revenue ( higher subscribers = more revenue ) , but there are no ads on my channel , so I could n't give less of a shit .
And here 's some even better news : I 'm officially writing a new book .
It 's a book I 've been wanting to write since 2002 , and it 's based on my favorite article of all time , and it 's called :
It will be a book about grading : art , crafts , letters to Santa / the president , science projects , sports and feats of athleticism , food , music & entertainment picks by kids , campaigns for class president , X - rays , permission slips and kids themselves .
I may even include guest grades & commentary by other actual teachers .
Yes , I said " other " implying I am a teacher .
Deal .
There is a Facebook page with all of these announcements and occasional quips of me shitting on people here : Facebook - or - I do n't give a shit whether you join or not , I do n't have anything to gain or sell on there , so do n't act like you 're doing me a big fucking favor by joining .
That 's it for now .
Stay tuned for the launch of the show this week , and the book site with more information and submission forms either this week or next .
229,563 people think my dick is huge .
© 1997-2017 by Maddox
Casual labour on the rise in Germany
By Elizabeth Zimmermann
14 July 2010
The announcement recently of June ’s official jobless rate in Germany , 7 percent , a relatively low figure compared to other European countries , prompted a round of self - congratulation in government circles and elements of the German press .
Added to this was the fact that unemployment in the country actually dropped slightly in the months of May and June .
Some media commentaries boasted that this development reflected the underlying strength of the German economy and that the corner “ had been turned ” in the current crisis .
The celebrations , in so far as they are anything more than crude efforts to deceive the public , are misplaced .
A new study points out that the country ’s already massive casual , cheap - labour market has grown considerably .
Millions in Germany , in fact , are working for poverty wages .
According to the Institute for Employment Research ( IAB ) job market study published at the end of June , nearly half the new jobs recently created in Germany are to be found in the casual or temporary sector .
The study also points out that , based on past experience , only 5 percent of workers hired on temporary contracts are eventually taken on by their employers on a full - time basis .
The argument that casual employment was the key to finding full - time work was advanced in particular by the Social Democratic Party ( SDP ) - Green Party coalition government headed by the SDP ’s Gerhard Schröder and Joschka Fischer of the Greens , which initiated a thorough and socially regressive revamping of the German job market between 1998 and 2005 .
As part of its so - called Agenda programme , the SPD - Green government introduced the Hartz laws , which slashed unemployment payments and forced millions of workers to find work — no matter how badly paid .
Those who profited from the labour market deregulation and Hartz IV have been bosses who are able to use casual workers to regulate fluctuations — at a relatively low cost — in their order books .
At the same time , the increasing proportion of low - paid , temporary workers in Germany is used as a club to intimidate and drive down the wages of those employees with full - time contracts .
As a result of the Hartz IV laws , real wages are back to the levels of the mid-1980s — i.e. , a quarter - century ago .
Millions work at jobs that that do not pay enough to enable them to support themselves , let alone a family .
Some 9 million people in Germany hold part - time jobs , and 7 million hold so - called mini-jobs , which provide a maximum monthly income of € 400 ( US$ 508 ) .
More than 300,000 people are currently forced by the authorities into “ one - euro jobs ” , which pay an hourly rate of € 1 in addition to miserly welfare benefits .
One in three low - wage earners works for less than € 6 ( US $ 7.62 ) gross pay per hour ; 1.2 million for less than € 5 .
Even full - time employees are not protected from low hourly wages .
Despite working full time , almost one quarter of workers in the low - wage sector earn less than € 800 gross per month .
Some 1.3 million are dependent on Hartz IV benefits to bring them up to the minimum subsistence level .
The recent IAB study reveals that the number of subcontracted ( contracted - out ) jobs in Germany has also risen dramatically since 2004 and reached its highest level in July 2008 — i.e. , 823,000 .
Then , following the outbreak of the international finance crisis in September 2008 , subcontract workers were the first to lose their jobs , and the number sank to 582,000 by April 2009 .
Since then , the number of subcontract workers employed in factories and companies has risen to 750,000 .
While the proportion of subcontract workers differs greatly from factory to factory , some companies make extensive use of this type of labour .
The IAB study reports that in one tenth of all companies , subcontracted workers constitute more than 20 percent of all employees .
In the engineering and electrical industries , which make heavy use of subcontracted workers , nearly 25 percent such workers have been employed by the company for more than 12 months .
In fact , Germany has the highest levels of subcontracted workers in Europe .
According to the IAB study , subcontracted workers earn on average 20 to 25 percent less than workers with a proper contract .
Many such jobs last just three months , with workers continually forced to shift workplaces and under pressure to adapt to new surroundings , work practices , travel times to work , etc .
More than two thirds of all subcontracted workers receive what is officially designated a low wage .
Peter Bofinger , a German economist and member of the German Council of Economic Experts , acknowledged to Spiegel earlier this year that “ Since 1995 , there have been almost no appreciable wage increases in Germany , partly as a result of pressure brought on from increases in subcontracted labour . ”
In an interview with the Frankfurter Rundschau last weekend , Martin Kannegiesser , the head of the business association Gesamtmetall , which represents the metal and electrical engineering industries , vehemently defended the employment of subcontracted workers and their reduced salaries .
Kannegiesser stated that the number of full - time workers in these branches of production declined by 200,000 last year and forecasts the loss of a further 10,000 - 20,000 jobs in metal and electrical engineering this year , if production continues at a relatively high level and no breakdown is experienced .
Another sphere of the economy that makes extensive use of subcontract workers is public services .
According to the IAB study , 40 percent of all persons employed in the spheres of education , health and social affairs , public and non-profit - making institutions are employed on a subcontract basis .
Employees in these fields are frequently employed on a short - term basis because the projects or services that hire them only have short - term funding .
At the same time , such subcontract workers are used to cover for the lack of permanent personnel in many areas of social provision .
An enquiry by the Institute for Work and Technology ( IAT ) revealed that hospitals , homes for the elderly and mobile hospital services are also increasingly dependent on temporary labour .
The number of such workers has increased fivefold since 2004 .
Between 1996 and 2006 , about 46,000 full - time positions were cut in general hospitals , and this tendency is once again on the rise following the latest financial crisis and increasing pressure on administrative budgets .
Trade union leaders regularly complain about the growth of “ precarious ” and subcontract labour in Germany , but in practice have not lifted a finger to protect tens of thousands of such workers who have been thrown out of work due to the economic crisis .
Instead , the union leaders stress how “ responsible ” they have been , working alongside management in ensuring employee downsizing during the crisis .
Do not open until 2025 : Mussolini 'hid secret diaries in Italian hillside ... but ordered them sealed for 80 years '
Fascist dictator Benito Mussolini hid a set of secret diaries in an Italian hillside and ordered them not to be opened until 2025 , the son of the man who buried them has revealed .
Mussolini , who ruled Italy from 1922 until he was executed by partisans in 1945 , has long been rumoured to have kept diaries which could detail the extent of his relationship with wartime Prime Minister Winston Churchill .
There is even a theory among some Italian historians that he was executed as part of an MI6 plot to spare Britain embarrassment from revealing the truth about his closeness to Churchill .
Secrets : Benito Mussolini is thought to have written about Churchill in his diaries
Today , Rocco Della Morte , son of Guglielmo Della Morte , a wartime Italian consul in Berlin - said that in April 1945 his father met in Milan with Mussolini who gave him a locked suitcase .
Mr Della Morte , who comes from Fiumicello , close to England boss Fabio Capello 's hometown of Pieris in north east Italy , said the suitcase was filled with diaries and other documents .
He said : ‘ My father told me that he was called to Milan in April 1945 by Mussolini and given a suitcase .
He was then told by Il Duce ( Mussolini ) that it should not be opened until 2025 .
‘ The case had the initials BM on it and was closed with a padlock .
My father assumed that it was diaries and documents and not money because he was told by Mussolini not to open it for 80 years . ’
Mr Della Morte said that the suitcase was buried in a valley close to the village of Campodolcino , a short distance from Italy 's border with Switzerland , 100 miles from Milan .
He added : ‘ Even after the war an attempt was made on my father 's life - it may well have been connected to the suitcase , which he told me about in 1954 when I turned 18 .
‘ My father asked me to keep it secret and not to open the case until 2025 but I am now 74 years old and there are another 15 years to go .
I do n't know if I will reach 2025 that 's why I am telling this story now .
‘ Over the years I have always checked up on the suitcase , which is inside a zinc box for preservation , and it is still there in the Spluga Valley , just a few kilometers from the Swiss border .
‘ Although I feel obligated to respect the promise made by my father , I 've already made an arrangement for the opening of the suitcase and the publication of its contents . ’
Mussolini historian Mariano Vigano , based in Rome , said : ‘ They may well be genuine but until they are examined we should be very careful , prudence must prevail until they are verified .
‘ There have been claims in the past regrading Mussolini diaries but none have so far proved genuine .
‘ In the 1950 's Mussolini 's son Vittorio said that his father had given his diaries to the Japanese ambassador .
‘ They were the smuggled out of Italy to Switzerland and from there we have three possibilities that they were destroyed when Japan surrendered to the Allies .
‘ That they were smuggled again onto Japan and are kept in the archives in Tokyo or that they were taken to the Vatican 's Secret Archive and given to Pope Pius XII and his papers will not be opened until 2028 . ’
Three years ago Italian senator Marcello Dell Utri claimed to have found Mussolini diaries from 1935 to 1939 but these were later proved to be forgeries .
The most famous case of forged diaries was in 1983 when a German magazine and the Sunday Times published excerpts of what it claimed were Hitler 's Diaries but these were also later found to be forged .
Professor Christopher Duggan , a Mussolini expert based at Reading University , said : ‘ It 's very possible that documents and diaries could have been handed over to someone at the time .
‘ In April 1945 there was a lot of material floating around Italy and it was being picked up soldiers as souvenirs .
‘ There was chaos and all sorts of paperwork was being gathered up to try and make a deal with the Allies .
‘ If true it would be interesting to see if within this suitcase there is perhaps any correspondence with Winston Churchill .
‘ In 1940 Churchill was very keen for Mussolini not to enter the war and there may have been all sorts of promises and offers made .
‘ This has in turn led to speculation especially among Italian historians and researchers that Mussolini may have been killed by British intelligence to prevent any potential embarrassment .
‘ But as with the very famous Hitler Diaries of the early 1980 's they would have to be properly examined to make sure they were not forgeries .
‘ On the face of it it does seem possible but I would like to know why he is only coming forward know to reveal this .
It 's a long time to keep something potentially very important so secret . ’
Not sure what this guy ’s excuse is .Â
He ’s not a hot blonde , he ’s not a panda , and he ’s not working a motor vehicle .
Â
Yet , he ’s one step away from out failing all three of them .
Slikk Profile Joined August 2008 Norway 81 Posts Last Edited : 2010-07-08 07:29:58 # 1 BETA SERVERS ARE UP !
EU Servers are at this point EU Servers are at this point offline
PHASE TWO IS UP !
Patch Notes :
+ Show Spoiler + StarCraft II Beta – Patch 16 ( version 0.19.0.15976 )
General
* Rally points now behave as a move command , instead of an attack move command .
* Enabled the ability to manually add a StarCraft II character friend using the player 's character code .
Character code is a server - assigned numerical code that is displayed within the Add Friend panel .
* Battle.net Achievements & Rewards have been updated .
* All Quick Match modes are now available : 1v1 , 2v2 , 3v3 , 4 v4 , and Free For All .
* All A.I. difficulties are now available for play .
* Cooperative matchmaking versus A.I. players is now available as a play mode .
* Enabled cross -game social features between World of Warcraft and StarCraft II .
Balance Changes
* ZERG
o Infestor
+ Frenzy spell removed .
+ Infested Terran spell added .
o Overseer
+ Infested Terran spell removed .
o Ultralisk
+ Now immune to stuns and mind control .
From Blizzard themselves
http://forums.battle.net/thread.html?topicId=23094049316&postId=258694392183&sid=3000#19
From Blizzard themselves
Jonstah talking with GM :
+ Show Spoiler +
Spoke to a GM on WoW as I had a ticket already up ...
NOTE : The rumours says that the WoW - GM's is _not_ knowledgeable about SC2 and their process .
It 's hard to say if this source is legit or not .
On July 07 2010 22:50 Jonstah wrote : Spoke to a GM on WoW as I had a ticket already up ... NOTE : The rumours says that the WoW - GM's is _not_ knowledgeable about SC2 and their process .
It 's hard to say if this source is legit or not .
everyone from EU who cant download patch :
+ Show Spoiler + create realmlist.stf in your SC2 / Support folder
write in it :
set patchlist eu-beta.patch.battle.net:1120/patch
How to dl patch for non-EU
+ Show Spoiler +
1 ) / support / realmlist ( open with note pad )
2 ) change to EU ( set patchlist eu-beta.patch.battle.net:1120/patch )
3 ) open SC2
4 ) download patch ( starts automatically )
5 ) change back to US once patch has downloaded .
Thanks to " monitor "
Thanks to " monitor "
What 's new on patch so far ?
+ Show Spoiler +
On July 07 2010 22:30 Gulzt wrote :
So far :
- Completely new Sound Effects ( major improvement , while the cancel sound is now terrible I think )
- Blue cursor instead of green .
- Blueish look in the option menu
* Option Screen :
- Graphics : page now shows a function for Vertical Sync & Reduce Mouse lag
- Sound page : now shows movements sounds and respondse sounds as seperate tag boxes .
- Voice page : Using voicechat you can seperately adjust sound vs Music in relation to the voice chat .
- Gameplay page :
There are more options ( atleast for Mac ) :
1 ) Disable OS Keyboard Shortcuts
2 ) Swap Control and Command Keys ( CMD instead of CTRL , this is great !!!)
3 ) Reduced Violence : hehe , less gore and stuff .
- Hotkey Page :
Well I can still not change my hotkeys , but it shows more different commands to hotkey to .
- There is a new tab called Battle .net :
Shows a list of " blocked Real ID Friend Request , Blocked Communication , they moved the mature language filter to this tab , and there is a button " Logout of Facebook ! "
From SC2 Mapster " New patch features "
http://www.sc2mapster.com/announcements/new-patch-features/
LSGamer wrote :
In options Gameplay , under show health bars there is a new drop down menu for Flyer helpers .
No idea what they are but I did n't see them in Phase 1
From SC2 Mapster " New patch features "
STATUS :
On July 08 2010 01:20 Windblade wrote :
Beta will be up soon
www.wowwiki.com/Soon
so that 'll be between
The Present---------------Soon--------------End of Time Beta will be up soonso that 'll be between
The Present ---------------Soon--------------End of Time
Be patient
PM me if guides does n't work , or anything in my post is misleading .
PHASE TWO IS UP !
Patch Notes : Jonstah talking with GM : everyone from EU who cant download patch : How to dl patch for non-EUWhat 's new on patch so far ?
STATUS : Be patientPM me if guides does n't work , or anything in my post is misleading .
TROY , Ala. , July 8 ( UPI ) --
Authorities in Alabama said they arrested a man who allegedly concealed marijuana in a Chinese food container and attempted to smuggle it into a jail .
The Pike County Sheriff 's Office said Edward Ridley , 41 , of Cordele , Ga. , entered the Pike County Jail Saturday with a Styrofoam container filled with Chinese food for prisoner Vincent Thomas , the Dothan ( Ala . )
Eagle reported Thursday .
Advertisement
A jail worker searched through the rice and shrimp with a fork and discovered the bag of marijuana , the sheriff 's office said .
Ridley was charged with felony promoting prison contraband , which bears a prison sentence of 1 to 10 years .
He was held in lieu of $ 7,500 bond .
IMAGINE that the United Kingdom was an absolute monarchy known as Windsor Britain .
Imagine that Prince Charles , heir to the British throne , had dozens of brothers , scores of sons and hundreds of cousins , and that the broader House of Windsor numbered thousands of lesser princes and princesses .
Imagine further that all these royals pocketed fat state stipends , with many holding lifelong fiefs as government ministers , department heads , regimental commanders or provincial governors , with no parliament to hold them in check .
Now imagine how sporting these princely chaps would be when the throne fell vacant , if the only written rule was a vague stipulation that the next in line should be the “ best qualified ” among all the Windsor princes .
This is roughly how things look in Saudi Arabia , a family enterprise run the old - fashioned way .
Here the king is not only prime minister .
He also appoints the members of parliament and designates a successor to the throne .
Yet the actual workings of this system are not so simple .
The size of the ruling al - Saud family ( at least 5,000 hold princely rank ) , and the accumulated privileges of its leading princes are such that kings must take care to balance rival interests .
They must also accommodate Wahhabist clerics who expect rewards for sanctioning absolute monarchy , technocrats who actually manage the country and even , sometimes , those of their subjects who grow restive , and demand a voice beyond presenting personal petitions at royal receptions .
In a smaller country this all might be dismissed as quaintly droll .
But the Saudi kingdom has nearly 30 m people , sits on 20 % of global oil reserves , houses the holiest sites in Islam and is situated in a particularly turbulent region .
At a delicate time for the world economy , and an equally delicate juncture for regional affairs , the choices that the immensely rich kingdom makes are especially relevant .
And just now it happens to be on the cusp of changes in leadership that may prove as wrenching as any in its history .
Not only its king but many of its powerful princes have grown old and must soon be gone .
This need not cause alarm .
Saudi Arabia is , by many measures , doing rather well .
Its $ 420 billion economy faces little risk of losing its place as the biggest in the Middle East , given steady oil reserves and production , around $ 150 billion in annual energy exports and a strengthening world oil market .
The country 's net foreign reserves still nearly equal its GDP .
Economists expect growth to accelerate slowly from around 4 % this year , ensuring steadily rising living standards .
The country has also withstood political risks rather well .
Its large pool of idle youths , with their liking for the fierier brands of Islam , have made the kingdom a wellspring of extremism , most famously producing Osama bin Laden and three - quarters of the September 11th 2001 hijackers .
But a mixture of popular disgust and concerted policing appears to have taken the romance out of violent radicalism .
Saudi Arabia remains shockingly conservative — indeed , suffocatingly oppressive to its women .
Yet the trend has been towards a gradual loosening of strictures and opening of minds .
In the past five years alone , new government programmes have sent close to 200,000 Saudi students overseas , more than were sent in the previous 20 years .
King Abdullah deserves much credit for the general lightening of tone .
Gruff , homely and popular , he has ruled since 2005 .
He spent 23 years as crown prince before ascending the throne , ten of those as an unofficial regent after his predecessor , King Fahd , suffered a debilitating stroke in 1995 .
Holidaying in Morocco this month after a North American jaunt , Abdullah shows no particular sign of frailty .
His youngest son is just seven years old .
Yet the king is now thought to be 86 .
His windows of lucidity are shrinking ; loyal minders frequently rephrase his words so they make sense .
When he abruptly postponed a planned French leg of his current summer tour , rumours about his health abounded .
Unfortunately , Abdullah 's quiet promotion of social reform has not been matched by any similar move towards political change .
Royal rule remains as absolute as ever , meaning just as inefficient and just as unpredictable .
Although there is a sketchy script for the next act , neither actors nor audience look very inspired .
The king 's half - brother , Crown Prince Sultan ( seen above to the left of the king ) , has been defence minister since 1962 and next in line to Abdullah since his full brother , King Fahd , appointed him second deputy prime minister ( a post traditionally held by the crown - prince - in - waiting ) in the 1980s .
But Sultan is reckoned to be just a year younger than the king , and his health is poor .
He spent most of last year secluded at his vast estate in Morocco , convalescing from a serious but unnamed disease .
His return to Saudi Arabia in December , and apparent resumption of duties , prompted surprise .
In his rare public appearances , the crown prince looks frail and distracted .
Prince Nayef , one of Sultan 's full brothers , has been seen as the likely next in line to Sultan since the king promoted him last year to the crown - prince - in - waiting post .
Nayef is only 77 , and fairly spry .
But he seldom travels outside the country .
As a crustily conservative minister of the interior for the past 35 years he has not endeared himself to Saudi reformers and professionals .
Since his appointment last year he has worked to soften his image , but the choice still rankles with the many Saudis , including some senior princes , who would have preferred a more modernising figure .
Most Saudis expect that their ruling family will , as it usually has , reach quiet consensus on whom to crown , assuming that King Abdullah and Prince Sultan depart in reasonably short order .
Aside from the 1992 royal decree tipping the “ best qualified ” prince to rule ( a term that in Arabic can mean either the most virtuous or the most capable ) , there are some established guidelines .
Traditions of Muslim kingship suggest that the line should pass through brothers of one generation in order of age , before descending to the next .
Yet with their unique political system looking increasingly anomalous in the modern world , Saudis are beginning to worry about what might follow if the al - Sauds fail to agree .
This has happened before .
Although Saudi Arabia became a kingdom only in 1932 , the al - Saud family has controlled parts of this territory for 266 years .
Twice in the 19th century , the Saudi emirate collapsed owing to struggles between brothers and cousins over who should rule .
Weakened by such troubles , the emirate was completely overrun by a rival clan , the al - Rashids , in the 1890s .
It was resurrected through the daring of Abdel Aziz , who rallied local tribes and captured his future capital , Riyadh , in 1902 .
The spectacular success of Abdel Aziz — who went on to conquer much of Arabia , ally himself by marriage to its biggest tribes and found the modern kingdom — allowed him to disqualify all other branches of the al - Sauds from rule .
Henceforth the line of succession would run only through his sons and their descendants .
Even so , when he died in 1953 leaving more than 30 living sons , the two eldest ones , each backed by a powerful faction , bickered dangerously over the leadership until the eventual triumph of Faisal in 1964 .
Sudairi empowerment
In overthrowing Saud , his impulsive , spendthrift older sibling , the more capable Faisal relied heavily on support from the Sudairis , the largest group of Abdul Aziz 's sons born to the same mother .
A non-Sudairi himself , Faisal made sure the seven Sudairi brothers were well rewarded .
The eldest , Fahd , who served as interior minister before he himself became king in 1982 , put his son , Prince Muhammad , in charge of the Eastern Province , the main oil - producing region .
Sultan took the lucrative defence portfolio , and Nayef eventually succeeded Fahd at the interior ministry .
Both Sultan and Nayef also appointed one of their younger Sudairi brothers , as well as one of their own sons , as deputies .
Another of Sultan 's sons , Prince Bandar , served for two decades as Saudi ambassador in Washington until he was appointed head of the Saudi National Security Council in 2005 ( he now seems to have fallen into disfavour ) .
Prince Salman , also a Sudairi brother , has been governor of Riyadh , since 1962 .
He is seen as an important arbiter and disciplinarian within the family .
The empowerment of the Sudairis brought continuity to the system , preventing the recurrence of open squabbling .
It also prompted other princes to align quietly against them .
Before becoming king , Abdullah struggled to preserve an independent power base through his command of the National Guard , a large , paramilitary force drawn largely from desert tribes .
He cultivated allies among his other brothers and with Faisal 's powerful sons , particularly Prince Saud , who has been foreign minister since 1975 , and Saud 's brother , Prince Khaled , whom the king recently named governor of Mecca .
Saudi - watchers suspected that the subtle aim behind such manoeuvres was to ensure that when Sultan eventually became king , he would not be strong enough to complete the Sudairis ' dominance by keeping the line of succession within their branch .
Four years ago the king suddenly created a new family council , the Allegiance Commission , that some analysts saw as part of this balancing game .
The 35 - man body represents the sons of Abdel Aziz : 16 are surviving brothers of the first generation ; the remaining 19 are grandsons of Abdel Aziz , each one representing the family of one of his deceased sons .
The council 's chair , Prince Mishal , a senior non-Sudairi , is a close confidant of the king .
Despite filling a fifth of the council 's seats , the Sudairi faction 's weight inside it is unequal to its power within the state .
The council has the job of selecting the crown prince — after Sultan becomes king .
This suggests that Sultan , unlike previous rulers , will be legally bound to give way on this crucial point to the wider family 's wishes .
The council also has the right to remove sitting kings on health grounds .
This reflects a hard lesson learned by Abdullah when he was crown prince : the Sudairis , along with the king 's retinue , for years frustrated his efforts to take control , despite the obviously impaired capacity of King Fahd who was often barely conscious when wheeled out for state occasions .
Clever and “ modernising ” as the creation of the family council may have been , it has yet to prove its efficacy .
And last year 's elevation of Nayef to the crown - prince - in - waiting job was seen as a contradictory move by the king , pre-empting the body he himself had recently created .
Prince Talal , an outspoken senior non-Sudairi , openly questioned the appointment .
Some people reckoned that since Sultan 's poor health may make him unlikely to outlive Abdullah , the king was persuaded to anoint another Sudairi in the interests of family peace .
Wilder talk suggested that it was not ill health but rumours of the alleged insubordination of his son , Bandar , that seemed to threaten Sultan 's accession .
Grandsons in waiting
Saudi royalists dismiss whispers of factional tensions and scheming as absurd , and it is true that the al - Sauds , helped by their direct or indirect control of much of the Arab media , are adept at keeping their squabbles private .
Yet the dispensation that has guided the kingdom for the past five decades has weakened .
Several senior figures in the Saudi establishment are ailing , including the foreign minister .
And in recent weeks , the long - serving princes who headed the Saudi navy and air force were replaced by professional soldiers .
Some saw this as a sign of the waning influence of Sultan within the armed forces .
When or whether the throne will pass to the second generation of Abdul Aziz 's heirs remains an open question .
Although most of the patriarch 's surviving sons do not seem to want the job , there are , Sultan and Nayef apart , at least a couple who might : Nayef 's 73 - year - old full brother , Salman , the governor of Riyadh ; and Prince Muqrin , aged 64 , a former fighter pilot who is now head of intelligence .
Among the grandsons the choice is of course much wider .
The leading contenders include two Muhammads : the son of Nayef who is an effective deputy minister of interior ; and the son of Fahd , who still governs the Eastern Province .
Understandably , a growing number of Saudis resent having no say in such matters .
On internet chat sites , in private salons and in the occasional open petition , they call not for the overthrow of the al - Sauds , but only for the transformation of the kingdom into a constitutional monarchy .
The call comes from across the spectrum , from hard - core fundamentalists to Western - educated liberals .
But so long as Saudi kings have their hands on the tap controlling the miraculous oil wealth , that looks highly unlikely .
“ I expect you have forgotten what you promised me , ” Billy the Kid wrote to New Mexico Territory ’s governor , Lew Wallace , in 1881 .
The Kid was writing from a Santa Fe jail cell .
He was there because of the dogged efforts of Pat Garrett , who had been elected sheriff of Lincoln County , which comprised the southeastern part of the territory , on the promise that he would put a stop to Billy and his gang of rustlers .
Now Billy was waiting to be transported to Mesilla , where he would be tried for the murder of another Lincoln County lawman , Sheriff William Brady .
Billy ’s pointed reminder to Wallace referred to a deal the two had made two years earlier .
Wallace had promised to grant Billy amnesty for his role in shooting Brady and other misdeeds if the Kid agreed to testify before a grand jury investigating another Lincoln County murder .
Billy held up his end of the bargain , but the governor failed to follow through with his .
The Kid ’s letter went unanswered , as did all the others he sent to the Palace of the Governors on Santa Fe Plaza .
Although the Kid had not acted alone in the Brady killing , he was the only one to be tried and convicted of the crime .
From Mesilla , he was transferred to Lincoln to await the day of his hanging .
With no sign of the promised pardon , the Kid staged the most famous of his many daring escapes .
On April 28 , 1881 , while Garrett was away collecting taxes , Billy surprised his two guards , killing both deputies with their own guns .
As the townspeople watched in horror and awe , the Kid rode away unmolested .
Once more , Garrett had the dangerous job of hunting down the outlaw , and he knew that when they eventually met , only one would walk away , for Billy had let it be known that he would not be taken alive again .
Tipped off that the Kid was at Ft. Sumner , where his sweetheart lived , Garrett rode to the Pecos Valley with two deputies .
About midnight on July 14 , Garrett shot and killed a surprised Billy in the bedroom of rancher Pete Maxwell ’s house .
Garrett was lauded for bringing to an end the bloody career of the 21 - year - old , but the sheriff would live to see his popularity reversed with Billy ’s .
The Kid quickly became an outlaw hero and Garrett the villain who shot him down in the dark .
What might have happened if Wallace had kept his bargain ?
Chances are , Billy would have continued to take — and commit occasional mayhem — as he pleased , but the romanticist in all of us likes to imagine a different outcome .
In 2003 , New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson announced that he would consider making good on Wallace ’s promise and issue a pardon for Billy .
Richardson ’s announcement came in the midst of international media attention over a modern - day forensic investigation looking into the circumstances of the Kid ’s death .
But as the hoopla subsided , so did the talk of a pardon .
Now the governor , whose term expires in January , is reportedly again giving serious consideration to Billy ’s pardon .
Just what would a pardon for Billy the Kid mean ?
It can no longer help the Kid , of course , whose body lies buried beneath a stark metal cage at Ft. Sumner .
Richardson would certainly make headlines , but after that would Billy lose some of his outlaw mystique ?
Would Garrett ’s obsession be made ridiculous ?
Would the two deputies killed during Billy ’s sensational daylight jailbreak have died in vain ?
A wronged man or not , Billy the Kid was a cattle rustler and a stone - cold killer , a notorious criminal singlehandedly responsible for the deaths of four men ( there were more victims , but Billy had help with them ) .
Yet he has been featured in more than 60 movies and hundreds of publications .
We love Billy , or , rather , what he has become in our imaginations .
Such are the benefits of mythology .
Still , regardless of Billy ’s crimes , the motives of Richardson or the hollowness of posthumous justice , it all comes back to Wallace ’s promise .
A deal is a deal , and 129 years does n’t change that .
Billy is owed a pardon .
Richardson has a few more months to decide , and it may be the Kid ’s last chance for a long time to come .
No matter what happens , though , Billy the Kid ’s place in history is secure .
It ’s one sentence he ’ll never escape .
Mark Lee Gardner is the author of “ To Hell on a Fast Horse : Billy the Kid , Pat Garrett , and the Epic Chase to Justice in the Old West , ” which was published in February .
2020 BEES FOR SALE
All nucs and packages are pickup only in Hudson , NY .
All nucs are treatment - free and contain brood , nectar , and a laying young queen on mostly 4.9 mm small - cell wired wax foundation that is Housel positioned .
All queens are raised from NY survivor stock - a mix of Carniolan , Russian , and wild Italian with high VSH expression .
Nucs are available in late May with a NY - mated queen .
LANGSTROTH NUCS -
To reserve each nuc is $ 50 down by paypal , credit card , or check .
Rest of payment is at pickup .
To reserve , email anarchyapiaries @ hotmail.com ( preferred ) or text 406 - 396 - 8357 .
5 frame Langstroth deep nucs
In corrugated plastic or your box $ 240
In a 6 frame wooden box , screen bottom , with internal feeder $ 260
Resource Hive
Webster / Palmer style , two ( 2 ) four frame nucs , each with a laying queen , in a single ten frame box .
Boxes are enamel painted cypress with double - screen bottom , movable divider / feeder , and telescoping lid .
Can be expanded with 4 frame supers or used as a brood factory .
$ 400
10 frame Langstroth
Brood , honey , laying queen in enamel painted cypress , screen bottom board , telescoping lid , ready to be expanded .
$ 350
PACKAGE BEES – Best to install on drawn comb and feed well .
To reserve , call / text Erich Kress 518-567-4123 . 3 pounds of worker bees with Anarchy Apiaries Queen .
Pickup in Hudson , NY , May 9 . $ 170
MATED QUEENS – for shipping are SOLD OUT for 2020 .
Local pick up only .
These are for splits , requeening , and making backup nucs .
Not for emergency queenless situations ( use your backup nucs ) .
JzBz cages with candy .
Marking available $ 2/ each .
Email anarchyapiaries @ hotmail.com or text 406 - 396 - 8357 .
Pick up in Hudson , NY , or Kingston , NY , usually Mondays / Tuesdays .
$ 35 each May the Bees be with you !
Sam FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS F A Q What ’s all this then ?
Anarchy Apiaries is formerly a 501c3 non-profit organization .
Right now , we 're gearing up for some SARE funded research to help make beekeeping easier , more local , more badass .
Our mission is to
1 ) make more beehives than televisions , and
2 ) have a good time , all the time ( with bees ) .
Anarchy Apiaries is the treatment - free ( what does that mean ? ) , fly - by - night bee operation started by Sam Comfort , who began raising queens from survivor stock in 2005 .
We provide / donate mated queen bees , nucs , and package bees , as well as teach beekeepers to do it themselves on their own homesteads while keeping parasite and disease levels down through the bees ’ own strengths .
We look at the health of the global hive through a trifocal lens : genetics , management , and nutrition .
Anarchy Apiaries runs around 800 hives ( a mix of Langstroth , top bar , and modified - Warre “ Comfort ” hives ) up and down the east coast with concentrations of localized gene pools in both the Hudson Valley , NY and south FL .
All of our hives are not treated in any way , and once they reach teenager age ( ten combs or more ) , they are cut - off from any supplemental feeding and are not moved .
Our queens are raised from 3 - 4 year old mothers and mated in areas of survivor drone saturation .
If you find this work meaningful , you can support us financially by using the donate button to the right or left .
We can support the future of the bees we care for by planting lots and lots of nectar - producing trees .
What are the goals ?
Our recent goals include the distribution of mite - and - disease - tolerant , cold - hardy mated queen bees , facilitating Beekeeping Bootcamp hands - on trainings , setting up every 7 - year - old with their own bee hive , reinvigorating our own NY bee club - the B. A. N. D. ( Beekeepers Association of Northern Dutchess ) , the New Bee Circus travelling bee medicine / training / puppet show , and modifying our bee - hauling van to run on waste vegetable oil .
BEE DAY AUGUST 27 , 2016 Annual Bee Day !
FREE COMMUNITY EVENT
at Great Song Farm
Saturday , August 27th , 12 - 4pm
Bee - yard tours for all ages and potluck lunch with beekeeper , Sam Comfort
Great Song Farm | 475 Milan Hill Rd. | Milan / Red Hook , NY | 12571 | www.greatsongfarm.com ... Tell Bayer what Bob Dylan said :
There oughta be a law against you comin around .
http://www.sciencemag.org/content/335/6076/1555 2012 ANARCHY APIARIES ALMANAC
It 's here !
BEEKEEPING SURVIVAL GUIDE
Click above , or below .
This year ’s Anarchy Apiaries Almanac is a condensed mini-zine .
One side folds up to eight mini pages , some cutting required .
The back is unfolded to read a timeline and extracurricular activities .
To print , it 's best to fit the size to the page .
I ’ve attempted to include everything you might want to know to start and keep a hive of bees on ONE PAGE .
Let me know how I did !
Please distribute this !
The AAA is free to all .
Any donations help me edit and distribute .
Contact me and I ’ll mail you an AAA and some bees too .
May the bees be with you !
Sam
anarchyapiaries@hotmail.com SWARM THE STATE ( of Hawaii ) Perhaps Hawaiian beekeeping is in its darkest hour .
Beekeepers on the big island are getting an earful of “ do this ” and “ do this ” and “ do n’t do that ! ” I figure the last thing needed is for me to add to the pile - and besides , I run Anarchy Apiaries : anarchy does not make rules for other people , bees , or beekeepers .
The best use of my energy is to BOOST MORALE .
Bees have a unique resilience .
The more bees die , the more they live .
My bees and my story are just an example .
I ’ve always done what I think the bees are telling me to do , but really that seems to come down to doing whatever I like .
What I really like to do when in groups like W.A.S. is to talk about the bees that keep me , where they come from , how great I think they are , and how I am running a bee business , mostly selling top bar nucs , shaking packages , raising queens , and doing honey CSA shares , with minimal inputs and no treatments while under the pressures of varroa , nosema , hive beetles , global weirding , and whatever else is out there .
This is working for me ; while all bees have inherent value , my primary interest is quality of life for them and me .
I would like to say that I won my first hives in a poker game , but it was n’t so sweet .
I started out commercially working for a 1000 hive stay - at - home operation in Vermont .
I got paid ( not much but worth it ) to get stung , and there were hard lessons that first exhausting season in 2002 .
I learned that all bees everywhere were not doing as well as they used to .
Now that story is a national phenomenon that grows bigger every year .
BEE DAY Buzz !
In lieu of yet another incredibly fun and cheerful meeting , for June the B. A. N. D. ( Beekeepers Association of Northern Hoopla ) is invited to join the Hudson Valley CRAFT group for a Bee Yard Tour at the Germantown Community Farm , Tuesday , June 28 , 6 - 8 PM .
Bring some snacks if you are the hungry type .
The GCF hosts Anarchy Apiaries , the Fog and Thistle CSA , the Good Fight Herb Co. , and founders of WGXC Community Radio .
It 's a great and happening place !
Stay posted for more events ( featuring even more advanced notice ) , such as the launching of the Backwards Beekeepers Club of NYC - proliferating wingnut insect stewardship - July 9 and 10 at Eagle Street Rooftop Farm in Brooklyn .
And come to our annual Field Day Potluck at the Cedar Cliff Bee Yard , which is now also the Great Song Farm CSA , later in July .
It 's all gonna bee HUGE !
Bees on the Brain , Sam
www.anarchyapiaries.org
Gleanings from 2010 - The Year of the Bee I am humbled and in awe of this Old Family hive , which I removed in Copake , NY , in June , 2010 .
They wintered in Germantown and came through strong .
There was three buckets of honey .
A beautiful queen .
I did not wear a veil .
These are the bees that traverse dream and reality .
I am under their tutelage .
I ’ve recently finished reading Honey Bee Democracy , the new book by Tom Seeley at Cornell .
In the book , he describes 60 years of swarm behavior observations , from Martin Lindauer to present .
Not only are the dances of the scouts decoded , but Seeley has investigated how the hive mind furiously dance - debates potential nest sites , then reaches an accurate and timely decision , and then acts on it ( 10,000 bees at once ) , much like the three - pound human brain thinks .
Seeley goes further to compare the mental capacity of the hive to decision making at New England Town meetings , what he calls , “ arguably the most authentic form of human democracy in the world , ” where decisions are made in regards for the community , both individuals and the whole , and leadership is restricted , if present at all .
Seeley ’s countless experiments together add mesmerizing depth in our understanding of hive wisdom .
It is the most all - encompassing research I have seen that reinforces the fact that the hive can do anything .
There are certain bees that make it possible .
And it concludes that bees could even guide humanity to a more peaceful future .
I hope that this book , like this epic Copake hive , makes beekeepers pause and consider our intrusions .
How could we know better than the bees ?
2010 ANARCHY APIARIES ALMANAC
Click the title above to download the book .
A life - long work in process .
Really needs another edit , some second opinions and fact - checking , but Enjoy .
If anyone wants to publish it , go ahead .
If Derrick Jensen wants to write a prologue , that would bee awesome .
Use it .
Abuse it .
These machines kill facists .
Continued apologies for lack of pictures , drawings , grammar , decency , just hope it helps you out .
Buzz .
I 'm back from Arizona .
check this out - http://www.vimeo.com/10159341 2010 is the YEAR OF THE BEE 2010 ANARCHY APIARIES ALMANAC Buzz , that 's right !
Days getting longer .. the sun will shine !
Getting done 2010 's version of the Anarchy Apiaries Almanac .
It 's not all that differnt from the 2009 Anarchy Apiaries Almanac , but there is a great new bear story .
It 's FREE and will always bee free .
I 've promised this to a lot of folks - the link will be here soon .
( I do n't know how to do it yet . )
UPCOMING GIGS :
March 5 - 7+ , Oracle , AZ
The Southwest Treatment Free Beekeeping Conference .
Yes , we are building an army .
March 14 , Coral Springs , FL , 4 PM
The Broward County Beekeepers Association : Top Bar Beekeeping in Florida .
March 30 , Fairfield , CT
The Backyard Beekeepers Association .
Anarchy Beekeeping with the Top Bar Hive .
March 31 , Bard Prison Initiative , Bard College ,
Annandale , NY April 1 , Keene , NH - Monadnock Beekeepers Association .
wow , Spring is coming .
April 24 - 25 - Outlaw Beekeeping in the Fine State of Mississippi what would make a beeautiful world ?
bee beeautiful
sam 1
2
3
4
next ›
last »
Cohabitation produces two groups of losers among women and children .
Most women want to have children - Gillard is an exception - and some miss out after wasting their primary reproductive years in a succession of live - in relationships that look hopeful but go nowhere , leaving them childless and partnerless as they hit 40 .
People often drift into living together - someone 's lease runs out or they get sick of running home for fresh shirts and underwear .
They slide rather than decide , and frequently fail to discuss their mutual expectations for the relationship .
It 's the women who end up stranded when they spend years in a succession of de facto relationships waiting for Mr Not Ready or Mr Maybe to make up his mind .
Women 's tiny reproductive window means they pay a high price for wasting precious breeding time in such uncertain relationships .
While the de facto lifestyle leads some women to miss out on having children , others are taking the risk of becoming parents despite these unstable relationships .
A growing proportion of children is now born to de facto couples - up from less than 3 per cent in 1975 to 12 per cent in 2000 , according to data from the Household Income and Labour Dynamics Survey .
It is often assumed these children will provide the glue to keep de facto relationships together , but sadly this is not so .
David de Vaus , a sociology professor from La Trobe University , found cohabiting couples who have children are more like to break up than married parents , increasing their risk of the negative impacts of family breakdown .
If Gillard chooses to play house with Tim Mathieson in the Lodge , this choice sends a strong message to the huge numbers of women who rightly admire her and seek to follow her example .
A lifestyle suited to her particular needs may be riskier for many women and their children .
As a Labor politician , Gillard is hardly likely to spell this out .
Her brand of politician is too nervous of offending natural constituents to express concern about lifestyle choices .
But it was n't always like that .
In 1972 , an intriguing discussion between Germaine Greer and Margaret Whitlam was published in The National Times .
Whitlam , whose husband had just become prime minister , was outspoken in her criticism of ex-nuptial births , declaring it was irresponsible to produce children outside wedlock .
When Greer confessed she was considering having a child on her own , Whitlam was forthright : '' Well , I think that 's just a selfish thought . ''
Later in the interview , she relented a little .
'' It may be all right for people who are well known and who have position and who can organise themselves . . . but it's not OK for everybody , '' she said , questioning the impact of Greer 's decision on her many fans .
At the heart of this conversation was role models .
People in the public eye , our influential leaders , need to think through whether others who do n't share their circumstances will follow their example and get into trouble .
Every day we see well - known Australians making dubious lifestyle decisions being lauded in the media - celebrities choosing to become single mothers , unwed fathers , parents dragging children through a succession of chaotic '' blended ' ' families .
Pat Rafter was made Australian of the Year just as he was about to become an unmarried father .
What did that say to his many male fans about the importance of committed fathering ?
Loading Politicians today rarely question social trends , even when all the evidence is they are having negative social consequences .
John Howard was the rare exception , when he went into bat for a child 's rights to a father in the debate over single mothers and IVF .
But the actions of our role models speak louder than any words .
The well - heeled tennis hero cheerfully embracing unmarried paternity , the feminist toying with sole parenthood , the prime minister living with her boyfriend - why would n't their many fans not seek to walk in their shoes ?
Bettina Arndt is the author of The Sex Diaries .
bettina@bettinaarndt.com.au
As a season ticket holder , I was very interested to get an invitation to come down to Nationwide and attend a Q&A with Scott Howson , Scott Arniel , & Mike Priest .
There was a reasonably sized crowd for a Tuesday night with horrible traffic and a fair bit of rain , and everyone was encouraged to ask questions from a pair of microphones set about midway up section 114 , where the fans were seated .
First , a disclaimer : I did NOT attend this as a credentialed member of the media .
I was not recording the session , and I did not attempt to ask any questions privately .
I attended as a season ticket holder , and as a fan .
The questions and tone of the crowd were an interesting mix - while everyone tended to wish Scott Arniel a warm welcome to Columbus , and Mike Priest was generally given a respectful line , mostly with how the team would be marketed this year and the state of season ticket & suite renewals , more than a few had a hostile tone when addressing issues to Scott Howson , with several season ticket holders bringing prepared questions and a laundry list of grievances against him , ranging from the obvious ( why no big free agent signings ) to the surprising ( one STH used his time at the mic to ask why the team was n't bringing Danny Gare back , then went on to criticize the team for making a patch to celebrate the 10th anniversary when the team " had n't done anything worth celebrating in that time ! " )
If there was a central theme to the fan reaction , and the comments from the men who now drive the team , it was a need to see the team improve next year .
In the words of team president Mike Priest : " We disappointed .
We underachieved .
We took a step back .
Everything we do around the business side comes down to one thing :
We need to put butts in seats , and the only thing that puts butts in seats is winning . "
To the question of if the team had any limits financially , there were several questions put to both Mssrs.
Priest and Howson - here 's a few of their answers .
Howson :
We have committed to building our team through the draft , and finding players through trades or free agency when the right opportunities come up .
We pursued several free agents in 2008 ... that process lead us to Mike Commodore and Kristian Huselius .
This offseason , when you ask about that ( a top line center ) , there were only two real candidates ... ( Patrick ) Marleau and ( Tomas ) Plekanec , and for what we needed , Marleau was the only player who we were interested in trying to add if he became available .
Unfortunately , he resigned in San Jose .
Right now , we 're comfortable with the team , but I am continuing to pursue a few teams ... nothing is imminent , but things can happen .
Priest :
I wo n't deny that we have to always look at the financial situation for the team - it 's a business .
But one of the things which drive that business is for the team to succeed .
If Scott ( Howson ) comes to us , and wants to add salary to acquire a player that can put us over the top for the playoffs , we 'll say yes .
We said yes each time he 's asked to add salary through trades or free agency , and that will continue .
Howson also took some " questions " ( ie : abuse ) on not resigning some fan favorites like Jody Shelley , Manny Malhotra , and Curtis Glencross , especially after answering a question about how the team is being built by explaining that they are ( like most of the NHL ) trying to use the Detroit model , and using veteran character players to help develop the younger players .
I 'm incredibly happy for Jody and Manny .
We did n't " dump " Jody Shelley .
We traded him to give him the opportunity to play for a winning team after he was n't getting ice time in Columbus .
He went to San Jose and got to experience a lot of success - to learn about winning , and I think that the leadership he showed in New York , which helped him to earn his new contract for Philadelphia , came from that .
Jody used it as a chance to unlock his potential ... and I know it 's my goal , and his ( Mike Priest ) 's that once Jody chooses to end his playing career , we can bring him back to the Blue Jackets and keep him as a big part of our organization .
In Manny 's case , he had a hard decision to make , and I 'm really impressed - he went to San Jose , took a lot less money that we had originally offered him , and worked his ( tail ) off .
He played very well and earned a very impressive contract from the Canucks .
But in both their cases , I do n't think either of them could have been the leaders we needed in the dressing room without getting a chance to experience the success they did in San Jose and New York , respectively .
Another topic addressed early was the arena issue .
Here 's what Mike Priest had to say :
I 'm actually very pleased to say that there 's good news on this front - we have had some great results from our partnership with Ohio State .
I can't give any specifics yet - maybe not for another 10 - 20 days - but there 's been some significant progress on the issue that came out of that partnership , and showing that we were willing to work with the community by partnering with them .
That opened up some new avenues and by working more with OSU , we made some big inroads with the public side of the issue , including the local government ... there have been some really exciting new ideas to bring this to a solution , and I expect you 'll be seeing them very soon .
The Blue Jackets are n't going anywhere .
( Emphasis mine )
Reading between the lines , it seems like the rumor that Light The Lamp reported last weekend has some legs , at least in regards to the arena situation .
I think the " 10 - 20 " days comment was a slip , too .
That makes me think that solution is at the point where all parties are working to hammer down their final changes , and making sure the agreement is acceptable between them .
Would n't it be nice if we never have to hear the phrase " arena lease " again ?
So he wo n't feel left out if he 's reading this , I should mention that new head coach Scott Arniel did get several questions about how he intends to change the team 's defensive style , and how he expects the team to play .
Here 's a summary of some of his answers :
Well , first , yes , we 're going to be looking at conditioning .
That 's part of the changes we 've made going into this season .
Everyone at prospect camp had to perform a skating test - and I made sure that some of the guys who attended camp from the team - Dorsett , Boll , Brassard - I made sure they knew , and that all the players knew , that they'd be expected to do the same things coming into camp .
I even offered to print them out some cheat sheets !
I 'm not going to push them so hard that we risk an injury , but it 's part of how we need to address this - everything starts at your conditioning .
It used to be that guys would be asked to ride a bike or run on a track to show that they were in good shape for hockey .
That does n't make sense , really !
This test , and some of the other changes we 'll be making , are to make sure players are in the right shape for the demands of playing games , especially late in the third period or in games that go into overtime or the shooutout .
In terms of defense ...
I can't say that we 're going to be a 100 % puck possession team - because sometimes you just can't play that way .
If you 're trying to move the puck across the blue line and some 6 ' 5 " 200 lb. defensemen is charging right at you - you need to chip the puck in deep behind him , get around him , and go get that puck back !
Puck pursuit is really what we 're going to be about , in both zones .
It 's all about constantly pursuing the puck , and taking away the other team 's time and space around it .
Part of how we make sure we do n't get in situations where we give up an early lead is that we take away their time with the puck .
When it comes to guys who are ... more defensive d-men than puck movers like Russell , it 's going to be a lot of repetition - a lot of teaching .
Sometimes it's hard to think to make the pass or change the direction of the play when a couple of forwards are charging at you at 100 miles per hour - it 's going to be a lot of going over things in practice , going over video , showing them the alternatives , and helping them get to where they think about it naturally .
I 've got some great guys - Brad Berry , and Bob Boughner - who were both defensemen in the NHL who did a lot of this .
They 're going to work with our D to help make them better .
... I 've talked to pretty much all of the players now by phone , except for one ...ah.. European player that I 've had some trouble reaching , but I 'm hoping to get with him soon .
Pretty much everyone is excited - it 's funny , I was really excited to come here to work with them , but it turns out that most of them are even more excited to get to work with me !
I think the biggest thing , though , is that pretty much all of them have talked about how they want to get better .
I think a lot of our guys feel like they let the team down - they let the fans down , and they let themselves down .
Everyone 's been working really hard this off season to keep it from happening again .
So , who 's the mysterious European who is n't picking up his phone ?
Before you say " Filatov " - I actually suspect it 's Anton Stralman .
It 's not unusual for an agent to tell a player going into salary arbitration to put his head down and lay low .
I would n't be surprised if he 's been told not to communicate with anyone on the team , including Arniel , unless it 's through his agent .
If that is the case , assuming he 's still with the team either via an agreement or the team accepting an arbiter 's decision , coach Arniel should probably be expecting to hear his phone ring sometime around the end of next week .
Oh - speaking of Filatov , and another European player ...
Howson : Tyler Wright just got back from visiting Nikita in Russia - he had quite an interesting four days really getting into the culture there , seeing Moscow , and working with Nikita at the rink .
He was very positive - he was really excited about how Nikki's working this offseason - he says that he 's put on some weight - up to 187 pounds !
Nikki's very excited about coming to Columbus in August , and we 're really looking forward to seeing him here .
On a similar note , I have some good news about Rusty ( Klesla ) - he 's flying back and forth this summer to work with a clinic in Vancouver where they did his surgery , and he 's been doing week - long sessions of physical therapy with them to help get himself ready .
He 's skating again , and he described himself as " 95 percent . "
He said that if training camp or the regular season started next week , he'd be able to go .
He was really frustrated by his injury last year , and the fact that he was n't anywhere near being able to come back after the eight weeks they originally projected when he saw a specialist near Columbus .
We 're all glad that he was able to get the proper treatment , and that he 'll be ready for this season .
Last but not least , there were also a couple questions about the draft , and Ryan Johansen .
Going into the draft ... Friday , Ryan was at # 1 on our board , but there was another player , a defenseman , who was coming up again and again .
We decided to have them both in for one last interview that afternoon , and we decided after some soul - searching that Ryan really was the right guy - that he was what we were looking for .
Originally , I planned to explore trading back a bit - 7 , 8 , maybe 9 - and taking him there , but it became clear after talking to other GMs that if we traded back - if we waited - both the players we were interested in would have been gone .
With that in mind , Ryan was our # 1 guy , and we made the decision to take him .
With that in mind , and knowing that I 'm probably missing three or four other tidbits of info that I did n't catch , here 's a few quick takeaways :
The arena lease issue is moving forward and appears to be close to resolution .
Brassard is apparently one of the players who has been coming into town to train this off season .
( Was this the first time anyone from the organization mentioned that ?
We knew that Dorsett , Boll , and Moore were all in town , but I think that 's the first I heard about Brass . )
Filatov has been working out and bulking up - if he really is up to 187 that means he 's added about 15 pounds since last season !
The team will carry an expanded roster for the trip to Sweden , including any younger players and any " AHLers " who perform well enough in camp to warrant being included .
The team is currently discussing if they want to work on contract extensions this offseason with the agents for Steve Mason and Jake Voracek - the decision will probably be made in the next week or two .
When asked who he felt had the biggest motivation to improve for next season , Scott Howson answered " Steve Mason . "
Scott Arniel answered " Mike Commodore . "
When asked how he'd get players to " buy in " , Arniel answered : " It 's people skills .
You need to work with each player - you can't be a dictator .
It wo n't work and you 'll start losing guys very quickly .
It 's about seeing how they see themselves , and how they want to play , and figuring out the best way to work them in . "
CBJ ticket sales are down - from an all time high of over 10,000 season ticket equivalents last year ( 1 full season ticket , 2 20 games , or 4 10 games ) to about 7,300 this year .
Priest said it 's " an area we 're under pressure , but we 're working on it . "
The team is working to improve radio broadcast coverage around Ohio .
After being asked if they 'd do a " Meet the Team " luncheon this year due to all the new coaching staff , Mike Priest said he'd look into it and see what kind of feedback they 'd get from fans .
If you 're interested , make sure you contact the team about this !
Suite renewals are down this year due to the local economy , but they expect them to come back around as the economy improves .
Interestingly enough , corporate partnerships / sponsorships are actually up - the strongest they 've ever been .
The team intends to market themselves based on the team and their players , which Priest called " their greatest strength " , but does n't intend any kind of targeted marketing at the expense of other teams like the Cavaliers .
" We do n't play those kind of games .
We 're going to take care of our business - we do n't need to get involved with anyone else 's . "
Players will be subjected to the same heart rate monitoring , skating tests , and skating coaching that our prospects were given in July .
Conditioning is going to be the foundation for the team .
Expect to Rick Nash move away from the half boards on the PP , and more in - between the circles and around the crease .
" He does n't need to be right on top of the net , but he 's got the talent to be really dangerous out there in front of the goalie . "
Arniel expects players like Brassard , Dorsett , and Voracek to all step up this year .
" It 's not their rookie season or any sophomore stuff .
They 're NHL players now .
They 're NHLers and they need to be leaders . "
Rick Nash , Some of the veteran players Arniel expects to be leaders on the team as it stands included Chris Clark Ethan Moreau , and Mike Commodore .
" He 's won a Stanley Cup !
We need to push him to get out there and really show the younger guys what it takes to win . "
Though Howson would n't comment on any specific trade talks , it would appear he 's still keeping talks open with several teams - and I do n't think it 's a coincidence that when he talked about teams who would be forced to make moves later on in the offseason , Vancouver kept coming up as an example .
I hope that you 've found this interesting !
If you 're a Blue Jackets season ticket holder , they 'll be holding another Q&A session Wednesday , July 14th , at 6:30 pm at Nationwide Arena .
Contact your ticket rep for information on how to attend !
The waiting game continues with unrestricted free - agent left - winger Ilya Kovalchuk .
There have been some developments in the past few days , but nothing has led to a signing .
The Los Angeles Kings , rumored to be out of the Kovalchuk Sweepstakes , entered back into it yesterday .
Kovalchuk ’s agent , Jay Grossman , submitted a proposal to the Kings .
His money demands were too high , which would hamstring the long - term ability to sign players .
They could n’t work out a deal and , according to the LA Times , a potential deal is dead .
There were supposedly two contracts offered .
The first was for 12 years at $ 5.25 million per season , and the second was 13 years at $ 6.5 million a year .
Since both were rejected , it looks as if Kovalchuk wo n’t come off the demands for $ 10 million per year .
Throughout this entire process , it ’s always seemed like the Devils were the one NHL team willing to sign Kovalchuk .
I do n’t believe that general manager Lou Lamoriello would continue to be in on the talks if he did n’t want to sign the left - winger .
Giving him $ 10 million would be excessive , but we ’ll see what happens .
Featuring examples from The Departed , Saving Private Ryan , Collateral , Munich , Lethal Weapon , As Good As It Gets , Forrest Gump , Casanova and The Chronicles of Narnia .
[ note : some of the screenplay excerpts on this page have not been properly formatted for this blog , yet .
I ’m working on it .
- Dan ]
There are three main categories of skill needed to write a screenplay : Structure , Characters and Voice .
Dialogue may win Oscars and get many an established pro hired on assignment , but I believe it ’s a distant fourth when it comes to a spec screenplay submitted by a NEW writer .
You ’ve probably heard about the dreaded studio Readers who read only the dialogue in a script .
Well , that can happen , so I ’d contend that it ’s your job to make the reader WANT TO READ your description by seducing them with a compelling narrative voice that establishes TONE , PACING and EMOTION right off the bat , rather than just listing flat stage directions .
You need to grab them , shake them , and hold them .
This is not a license to pack each page with dense blocks of text and riddle them with landmines o’ wit in the form of sarcastic asides , but rather a call to not waste a single word , while considering how your Reader ( your “ audience of one , ” which is all you have and should be concerned about at this point ) should feel at this moment in the movie .
It all comes down to …word choice .
Which may seem obvious — is n’t that what writing is ?
Choosing the right words ?
But too many of you have been told to view your screenplays as “ blueprints ” for films , which just sounds like so bland a task , when I think you ’d be better off approaching it as the “ emotional cinematic template ” for a film .
It has to FEEL like a movie , it has to feel REAL and it has to make the Reader feel EMOTION .
The only way to do that is to choose the perfect combination of words .
Too many of you look at the description / action as mere blocking cues .
It ’s true that the most important aspect of description is to show us what we see and hear , and it must be CLEAR above all else , but that does n’t mean you should employ the most flat , boring verbiage you can find .
I ask you to please abandon those awful forms of “ be : ” is and his dreaded brother are .
There is , there are and we see are not going to BLOW AWAY THE READER !
The Reader does not want a shot list , they want two hands to reach out of the manuscript , grab them by their sallow cheeks and PULL THEM KICKING AND SCREAMING INTO THIS MOVIE .
In short , we ’re all writing spec screenplays for a professional Reader who reads flat , uninspired prose all the time .
They ’re waiting for something fresh , something with LIFE .
They ’re dying to read work by a writer who can really write , not just string together sequences .
You need to establish right off the bat that you are confidently taking them to a specific world which only you know in this way , at this time , in this manner , with this FEELING .
And the best way to do that is with a unique voice on the page , in description and dialogue , but we ’re going to focus on description because I think there ’s a need for it and because dialogue should be the subject of its own separate workshop .
THE BAD NEWS , THE GOOD NEWS AND THOSE PESKY INTERNETS
The bad news is that voice can’t really be taught ; you either know just the right word to capture the moment or you do n’t .
But the good news is that there are plenty of examples online and in print that can demonstrate for you what to do and what not to do .
I will always believe the best way to learn about screenwriting is to read as many screenplays and books as possible , to see the good and the bad .
The more you read , the more you detect patterns in structure and form and you build mental lists of what works and what does n’t .
But it ’s important to note that most produced screenplays to be found online are production drafts , not spec submission drafts .
And many are the result of writing assignments which have come with specifications from the producers and director and with the understanding that they will be trimming the fat in post - production .
So these scripts tend to run much longer than your average spec script ( e.g. , 120 + pages , rather than the ideal range of 100 - 110 pages for a spec ) , can be littered with camera and shot references and the style is often over - written as “ actor - bait ” to attract talent .
This is just one of the reasons why peer review is such a crucial activity for the developing screenwriter .
[ Note : I ’m going to use examples from several produced screenplays in this article , and in each case I ’ve done my best to replicate exactly the text of the script as printed .
Most of my sample scripts were referenced in bound form , but in the case of the downloaded screenplays , I cannot vouch for the accuracy of the transcription and layout . ]
DON ’T BE OLD SCHOOL
Yes , everyone in Hollywood is looking for the next Shane Black and William Goldman .
But here ’s the deal : you are not Shane Black or William Goldman .
And their style is old .
So why are you trying to write like them ?
You should be writing like YOU .
And not forcing it .
And not commenting on it .
Black and Goldman ’s commentary style has been done , it ’s gone , it ’s old school .
Maybe you can come up with a new style of commentary ?
Perhaps .
I ’m sure you ’d have Readers guffawing aloud with red thighs from slapping themselves .
Or maybe not .
Maybe you can just forget about being a wise - acre and just stick to telling a great story with precision and elegance ?
Yeah , that sounds like the best route to me .
And it ’s tough enough to pull off without having to comment on said great story in a pithy manner along the way .
Let me give you an example .
Here ’s a line from page one of William Goldman ’s screenplay Absolute Power …
We ’ll find out more about him as time goes on ,
but this is all you really have to know :
Luther Whitney is the hero of this piece .
Did you hear my GROAN ?
You see , his little “ heads - up ” to the reader is completely extraneous , considering that the scene is a well - written opening that SHOWS us
Luther Whitney .
Thus no need for Bill Goldman to TELL us he ’s the hero .
It ’s almost as if the writer is n’t trusting his own storytelling .
Plus , the Reader naturally assumes the first major character they meet is the Protagonist ; they ’re often proven wrong a page or two after , but it ’s a natural assumption because when you read enough scripts and see enough movies , the hero is usually the first bloke or dame you meet .
So please do n’t do the little “ wink - wink ” commentary thing .
And if you decide to ignore me , which if you ’re the iconoclastic - self - described - rebel - Black and Goldman - worshipping type of writer means you probably will , at least keep it short .
For me .
So with that said , let ’s worship a little bit at the altar of Shane , shall we ?
CAPTURE THE MOMENT
Shane Black ’s Lethal Weapon screenplay had a huge impact on the industry , and rightfully so .
It ’s dripping with voice , has tons of commentary and never lets up , for better and for worse .
In the “ better ” category , Black shows his penchant for nailing the TONE of a room or a scene with some distinctive language on page 1 …
Lethal Weapon , pg. 1 …
PASTEL colors .
Window walls .
New wave furniture
tortured into weird shapes .
It looks like robots live here .
I like the furniture being “ tortured into weird shapes , ” but for me that “ robots ” line hits the bulls eye .
We immediately know this is a chic , Hollywood condo owned by people with too much money and zero compassion for their fellow human beings .
That ’s not necessarily commentary for me , that ’s just good description .
But a little bit later , he throws in a line that feels disassociated from the introduction of the Martin Riggs character ( Mel Gibson ) .
Riggs smiles at him innocently .
Strokes the collie ’s fur with one hand .
With the other , he reaches into a paper sack and produces a spanking new bottle of Jack Daniels , possibly the finest drink mankind has yet produced .
That Jack Daniels line feels like it ’s trying too hard .
That may have made me groan , as well .
Well , maybe not if I knew I was reading a Shane Black screenplay , since this is his calling card .
I ’d throw him a little slack .
But not you .
The unknown .
The newbie .
You get no slack , scribe .
Sorry , that ’s just the way it is .
But you can do something about it .
You can be elegant …
which by definition means gracefully concise and simple ; admirably succinct .
Concise , simple , and succinct .
Damn , I love those words .
Why ?
Because they so rarely describe what I read .
But I always want them to .
So that ’s your task .
Use as few words as possible .
But make them the BEST words .
Which , I know , can be crippling to you playwrights , novelists and poets who are used to waxing on like Mr. friggin ’ Miyagi with his backyard deck over here .
But welcome to screenwriting .
It ’s a totally different animal .
And it thrives on simple , elegant prose .
You MUST learn to capture an entire mood in a single word or short line of dialogue .
If you can ’t , then personally I do n’t think you have any business writing screenplays .
Why ?
Because of the Reader .
Remember that lovely gatekeeper of a human being ?
They , like the average filmgoer or channel - surfer … do n’t… have … time … to… waste .
So keep it short .
And sweet .
And use —
white space .
It ’s your friend .
And keep those description paragraphs to 2 - 4 lines thick .
And by great Odin ’s beard make sure it ’s CLEAR .
Show us what we see and what we hear in the most straightforward , clear way possible … while still choosing the best word in the entire English lexicon .
No biggee , right ?
Actually , it is .
But to make you feel better , I ’ve prepared some handy lists , which are always fun and never dull and are most often like having a cake and eating it too …
TO DO —
Be clear
Be specific
Be elegant
Be unique ( without being too literary )
( without being too literary )
Use strong , active verbs
Capture tone
NOT TO DO —
Do n’t explain
Do n’t comment
Do n’t use forms of “ be ” ( is , are )
( is , are ) Do n’t use generic descriptions ( e.g .
“ He looks
like the
All - American captain of the football team . ” )
So those are the rules .
And yes , they ’re broken all the time , sometimes in brilliant ways , but mostly in ham - handed ways .
Here ’s an example of a nice break of the rules .
Mark Andrus and James L. Brooks “ direct ” the shot and comment all over the place , but they manage to beautifully capture the first kiss between MELVIN ( Jack Nicholson ) and CAROL ( Helen Hunt ) in As Good as it Gets , approx .
pg. 90 …
Carol moves to the chair next to him ...
She sits very close -- he tenses .
CAROL
Have you ever let a romantic moment make you do something you know is stupid ?
MELVIN Never .
CAROL
Here 's the trouble with never .
TIGHT SHOT for the kiss .
Their faces are close -- she looks at him ...
She closes her eyes -- her face moving toward him -- he is wide - eyed and afraid ...
His face almost moves -- in a shot this close it 's almost flight ...
But now his head moves back and he receives her kiss .
It is brief .
Carol smiles encouragement to him and herself .
Melvin can't bear the pleasure .
MELVIN
You do n't owe me that .
Nice , huh ?
If you lean back and look at that big paragraph as a whole , it looks unwieldy with all the ellipses and dashes , but when you read it …it works .
And I ca n’t say why , or how they did it .
That ’s for you to wonder .
Have fun with that .
On the opposite end of the emotional and genre spectrum , here ’s a brutal scene from the opening of an early draft of Robert Rodat ’s Saving Private Ryan , found on the web …
THE LEAD LANDING CRAFT
The Motorman holds his course .
Shells EXPLODE around them .
FLAMING OIL
BURNS on the water .
CANNON FIRE SMASHES into the bow .
THE MOTORMAN IS RIPPED TO BITS
BLOOD AND FLESH shower the men behind him .
The MATE takes the controls .
A YOUNG SOLDIER
His face covered with the remains of the motorman .
Starts to lose it .
Begins to shudder and weep .
His name is DELANCEY .
THE BOYS AROUND HIM
Do their best to stare straight ahead .
But the fear infects them .
It starts to spread .
A FIGURE
Pushes through the men .
Puts himself in front of DeLancey .
The figure is CAPTAIN JOHN MILLER .
Early thirties .
By far the oldest man on the craft .
Relaxed , battle - hardened , powerful , ignoring the hell around them .
He smiles , puts a cigar in his mouth , strikes a match on the front of DeLancey 's helmet and lights the cigar .
Rodat immediately brings us into this deadly world .
He starts out with a very intense voice to reflect the battle , creating an immediate sense of dread and chaos with the shells EXPLODING , canon fire , burning oil , and the Motorman being “ RIPPED TO BITS . ”
He uses very specific word choice and grammar …
His face covered with the remains of the motorman .
Starts to lose it .
Begins to shudder and weep .
His name is DELANCEY .
Rodat avoids a conventional active sentence , such as “ DeLancey , a 19 year old private , begins to shake and cry . ”
That would n’t be as interesting as the description “ Starts to lose it .
Begins to shudder and weep . ” which is shorter and thus reads more intense ; and to save the introduction of the man ’s name for the end of the paragraph adds an edge as well .
Then we meet the men …
Do their best to stare straight ahead .
But the fear infects them .
It starts to spread .
Can “ fear spreading ” be shown or is this a breaking of the rules , a telling of something internal ?
It ’s a bit of both , but it works , in that we can picture the ‘ spreading ’ as these boys all adopt terrified looks on their faces .
It ’s elegant and economical , so he does n’t need to show us 3 - 4 specific soldiers and what they ’re doing ( e.g. , crying , knuckles going white on rifles , praying , etc. ) .
He lets us picture it in our head as we will , but he manages to capture the TONE — fear and foreboding .
WE know how to feel ; we know how the film feels .
We ’ve been dropped with these men into a nightmare .
And it ’s just beginning — something ’s coming and it will no doubt be deadly .
On that note , let ’s talk about …
CHARACTER INTRODUCTIONS
A FIGURE
Pushes through the men .
Puts himself in front of DeLancey .
In the above description , Rodat chooses to introduce Miller ( Tom Hanks ) first as A FIGURE .
This makes us picture his back , assuming his face ca n’t be seen by the camera .
And it gives a sense that he is a dark character , to be feared ; maybe he ’s in charge of this mess ?
Then when he strikes his match on DeLancey ’s helmet and lights up a cigar in the midst of this hellish scenario , we are shown his character through action : he ’s a seasoned , tough - as - nails veteran of war who refuses to succumb to fear .
Notice how he “ Puts himself in front of DeLancey “ ; he does n’t “ stand ” in front of him or “ address ” him .
This is a man who will throw his body in front of anything , and this shows even more in the next scene as he enters the fray and fights with reckless abandon .
Here ’s Stuart Beattie ’s introduction of VINCENT ( Tom Cruise ) in his screenplay Collateral , pg. 1 …
FADE IN :
INT .
BRADLEY TERMINAL - BLURS - DAY
slide past in a 400 mm lens .
Then , entering a plane of focus is
VINCENT .
He walks towards us ... an arriving passenger .
Suit .
Shirt .
Tie .
Sunglasses and expensive briefcase say " confident executive traveler . "
The suit 's custom - made but not domestic .
His hair and shades are current , but it would be difficult to describe his identifying specifics ... grey suit , white shirt , medium height .
And that 's the idea ...
The little commentary blurb “ And that ’s the idea … ” clues us into the scenario , draws us into what seems to be a ruse , a disguise of some sort .
Some game is being played .
We do n’t yet know if it ’s a funny or deadly game , but we ’ll soon find out .
I especially like that the description and commentary are not describing anything internal ; it ’s all shown .
Unlike this example , which unfortunately comes from As Good as it Gets and if it were in a spec from a newbie I ’d file it under the NOT TO DO column …
MELVIN UDALL
in the hallway ...
Well past 50 ... unliked , unloved , unsettling .
A huge pain in the ass to everyone he 's ever met .
Right now all his considerable talent and strength is totally focused on seducing a tiny dog into the elevator door he holds open .
This description TELLS us about this guy , it EXPLAINS him to us .
Which might be fine , if he were n’t about to SHOW us his true character by shoving his neighbor ’s dog down the trash chute .
After sending Verdell the dog on a little trip , Melvin performs the following actions , which I would file under the TO DO column …
INT .
MELVIN'S APARTMENT , BATHROOM - NIGHT
Melvin locks and unlocks and locks his door , counting to five with each lock .
He turns the lights quickly on and off and on five times and makes a straight - line towards his bathroom where he turns on the hot water and opens the medicine chest .
INT .
MEDICINE CHEST
Scores of neatly stacked Neutrogena soaps .
He unwraps one -- begins to wash -- discards it -- goes through the process two more times .
It ’s always best to SHOW , not tell .
Here ’s the introduction of LT .
DAN from Forrest Gump by Eric Roth .
Roth chooses to use very little description , letting the dialogue and actions speak for him …
Lieutenant DAN TAYLOR steps out of a tent .
Shirtless , he holds a roll of toilet paper in his hand .
LT . DAN
You must be my F.N.G.'s .
BUBBA AND FORREST
Morning ' , sir !
LT .
DAN Ho !
Get your hands down .
Do not salute me .
There are goddamned snipers all around this area who would love to grease an officer .
I 'm Lieutenant Dan Taylor .
Welcome to Fourth Platoon .
Lt. Dan looks at Bubba .
LT .
DAN
What 's wrong with your lips ?
BUBBA I was born with big gums , sir .
LT .
DAN
Yeah , well , you better tuck that in .
Gonna get that caught on a trip wire .
Where you boys from in the world ?
BUBBA amp ; FORREST Alabama , sir !
LT . DAN
You twins ?
Forrest and Bubba look at each other oddly , they do n't get the joke .
FORREST
No , we are not relations , sir .
Concise and funny , it works .
Here , the screenwriters of The Chronicles of Narnia : The Lion , The Witch and the Wardrobe manage to achieve a nice sense of wonder …
The Centaur stares at him , unmoving .
PETER
We …have come to see…Aslan .
The centaur says nothing .
Suddenly behind them all of the creatures kneel , leaving the three Pevensies standing alone .
Peter blinks .
Suddenly , LUCY GASPS .
Just below the tent flap steps …an ENORMOUS PAW .
The flap parts , and there in the shining sunlight stands a FEARSOME , BEAUTIFUL , GOLDEN …
LION .
He gazes at them .
His mane shimmers .
Lucy stares for a moment … then KNEELS .
The Beavers drop to all fours , bowing their heads .
Peter and Susan awkwardly go down on one knee .
Aslan addresses the CHILDREN in a BOOMING VOICE .
ASLAN
Welcome , Peter , Son of Adam .
Welcome , Susan and Lucy , Daughters of Eve .
Another .
Completely different feel .
From American History X , by David McKenna …
TIGHT ON DEREK VINYARD .
The young man has a shaved head , a trimmed goatee , and a SWASTIKA on his right tit — the center of the symbol crossed perfectly at the nipple .
McKenna calls a man ’s chest a “ tit . ”
It gives an edge , an intensity , a street feel to this young man .
And you notice he puts swastika in CAPS because it ’s such a strong image and it immediately and dramatically introduces the themes of white supremacism and hatred that will permeate the story .
This demonstrates the need for you to …
BE SPECIFIC
Sometimes it ’s just one distinctive word or phrase that brings the zing .
Stuart Beattie calls Vincent ’s gun by its dealer name : PARA - ORDNANCE .
An unwieldy term to be sure , much more so than just “ pistol ” or “ .45 , ” but distinctive and memorable and it makes the writer sound like he really knows what he ’s talking about .
VINCENT APPEARS
around a corner , clearing space .
Fast .
His Para - Ordnance up .
Max and Annie running , now …
Vincent sees vague shapes …
BOOM - BOOM !
BOOM - BOOM !
Gunshots punch through the glass , inches
from Max and Annie , collapsing walls revealing Vincent against the LA - scape .
Blossoms of white flame : BOOM - BOOM …
William Monahan uses the adjective “ flash ” several times in his Oscar - winning screenplay The Departed , to denote the contrast between the rich upper - crust world that Colin ( Matt Damon ) aspires to and the filthy underbelly that he must cater to , as here on pg. 20 …
INT .
APARTMENT ON BEACON HILL – TWILIGHT
A REALTOR switches on lights .
An empty , flash apartment above the Parisian rooftops of Beacon Hill .
A view of the Dome .
More than you ’d think a cop could afford .
On page 8 , Monahan comes up with a clever linguistic take on a generic tension device as BILLY ( Leonardo DiCaprio ) takes the police exam …
A CLOCK TICKS , sweep hand coming around .
BILLY ’S EYES on it .
I love that “ sweep hand ” term !
Never seen it .
And I like how he did n’t bother with the CLOSE ON Billy ’s eyes , he just showed us BILLY ’S EYES , so naturally we view this shot in our minds eye in Close Up .
We do n’t need the “ direction , ” which is a no - no in a spec submission draft but a common occurrence in a production draft .
Here ’s a lusty moment from Casanova , pg. 4 , production draft …
DIFFERENT WOMAN
My husband !
Casanova runs into a dark closet .
The darkness becomes the interior of a covered gondola .
We pull away and see the boat floating in a canal– legs sticking out from all sides from under the felze .
What the Caravaggio is “ felze ? ” I have no idea , but it sounds like something they ’d have in Venice in 1797 , so I ’m on board with it .
DON ’T EXPLAIN !
Unfortunately , even the pros exhibit the bad habit of explaining too much in their production drafts , but we ’ll let them slide because they may be catering to the skimming habits of all of the execs , actors and crew members who will be reading this draft .
But YOU ca n’t make the same mistake .
Collateral , pg. 122 , I ’ve bolded the offending line for your reading pleasure ( or pain ? ) …
VINCENT + MAX sit there , riding the train .
Softly :
MAX
We ’re almost at the next stop .
Vincent smiles faintly .
He leans his head toward Max as if conferring a secret .
In a halting whisper :
VINCENT
Hey , Max …
A guy gets on the MTA
here in LA and dies
( off Max ’s look )
Think anybody …will notice ?
MAX looks into Vincent ’s eyes .
It means “ I ’m that guy ” and “ will anybody notice that once … I was here ? ”
VINCENT
leans back , gazing straight ahead
now .
Rocking gently with
the motion of the train .
And then
Vincent ’s no longer
rocking .
In fact , Vincent ’s no
longer doing anything .
Ever .
We know what Vincent means , and we get the callback to the first exchange between him and Max in the opening pages .
No need to point it out .
It ’s especially offensive , considering this elegant moment on the last page of the script , the last we ’ll ever see of Vincent the assassin …
WE HOLD ON Vincent for awhile .
Riding the train by himself ,
his head forward as if sleeping ,
alone in the car .
Another dead guy on the subway … riding somewhere .
Speaking of great moments in screenwriterly offensiveness , we have a wildly successful novelist who perhaps should avoid screenplays — here ’s Stephen King with his own adaptation of his novel Desperation , Third Draft , 1998 , pg. 117 …
TAK is whamming ELLEN ’S bloody hands on the window while MARY
tries to start the car .
IT CRANKS BUT DOESN ’T START .
( Film critic Roger Ebert calls this the “ kidding battery . ” )
That ’s fascinating , but what pray tell does Leonard Maltin call this particular filmic device ?!
( Ed. note : Stephen King was unavailable to answer this question as he had opened the window in his office and he was busy placing piles of money on top of the five manuscripts he ’d written before breakfast that day so they would n’t blow away . )
Anyway , this MIGHT have been okay if I had n’t have been EXHAUSTED by this point with King ’s penchant for huge , dense paragraphs like this , on pg. 98 …
A MINER falls , exhausted .
A WHITE FOREMAN kicks him to his feet again .
We PAN JERKILY TO CH’AN and SHIH , loading an ore - cart .
Beyond them is the shaft face .
Six or seven miners are working at this .
RUBBLE FLIES .
The MINER PEERS into the hole , getting the attention of his fellow miners .
The FOREMAN walks down to see what they ’ve found .
The MINERS widen the hole to the size of a dinner - plate .
The FOREMAN shoves a couple of MINERS aside and shoves his face into the hole .
CH’AN and SHIH stand a little apart from all this , looking .
A MINER falls , exhausted .
A WHITE FOREMAN kicks him to his feet again .
We PAN JERKILY TO CH’AN and SHIH , loading an ore - cart .
Beyond them is the shaft face .
Six or seven miners are working at this .
RUBBLE FLIES .
The MINER PEERS into the hole , getting the attention of his fellow miners .
The FOREMAN walks down to see what they ’ve found .
The MINERS widen the hole to the size of a dinner - plate .
The FOREMAN shoves a couple of MINERS aside and shoves his face into the hole .
CH’AN and SHIH stand a little apart from all this , looking .
You do n’t want to shove this much in one paragraph .
Break it up — think of it in terms of shots , but without referring to them as shots .
Remember : no “ directing . ”
I will concede that commentary often works for historical or culturally complicated pieces , to provide facts to the historically - challenged Reader .
For example , Stephen Gaghan ’s Syriana , pg. 54 …
INT GROTTO – BEIRUT – DAY
An ancient grotto where the early
Christians used to
hide , be discovered , and executed .
A tourist attraction ,
it ’s a cool , vast , dimly lit ,
subterranean space .
I ’ll leave it up to you to decide if that little history of the grotto aids the script or not .
If one considers that the goal with submission was to find a producer interested in the middle east , then I ’d warrant it was appreciated .
But too many of these asides would quickly make the script into a history lesson , an excuse for an amateur writer to show off their research .
And I ’ve seen that too many times , my friends , too many times .
It breaks my heart every time .
Okay , no it does n’t .
Here ’s a couple more excerpts from The Departed , what I ’d call good and bad …
On page 4 , Monahan toes the line of explanation and showing …
YOUNG COSTELLO
Church wants you in your place .
Do this do n’t do that , kneel , stand ,
kneel , stand … I mean if you go for
that sort of thing …
YOUNG COLIN , the recent altar boy ,
visibly does n’t go for
that sort of thing .
… and it works ( although personally I do n’t care for italics in a screenplay ) .
But next , this parenthetical just smacks of a carebear that needed to be smothered in its sleep …
COLIN
( not vainglorious , but
innocently stretching for
the idea )
You ’re in trouble if you ’re “ only ”
anything .
ACTION SEQUENCES
There ’s different methods for capturing those moments when the pulse must race .
Here ’s an example of an action sequence from Tony Kushner and Eric Roth ’s Munich , pg. 73 .
It ’s dynamic and it flows well , but with no CAPPING , it certainly feels different than a thriller like Collateral .
Softer , perhaps ?
Was this intentional , since Munich is a historical drama ?
Avner moves closer to the balcony
railing where it abuts the
hotel wall .
He hauls himself
up , then leans in .
He hears al -
Chir moving about , singing softly
to himself .
A tap running .
Peeing .
A toilet
flush .
Then the sound of a man lowering
himself into bed with a sigh .
Avner leans further in .
He
can just see the foot of the bed ,
and al - Chir ’s legs sliding under
the bedclothes .
He lowers
himself back to his own balcony ,
goes in his room , switches
off the light .
A beat , and then an enormous
explosion ; the wall Avner ’s room
shares with al - Chir ’s is pushed in
and falls over , intact ,
knocking Avner back onto his
bed .
The fan in the ceiling
above is sheered off and falls ,
nearly hitting Avner .
EXT .
THE HOTEL OLYMPIC – NIGHT
Smoke and flames explode from
al - Chir ’s room across his
balcony .
EXT .
THE STREET IN FRONT OF THE
HOTEL OLYMPIC – NIGHT
Glass and plaster and stone rain
down on the street , bouncing
off a car in which Steve and Carl
are sitting .
Robert and Hans are in the car
behind Steve and Carl ’s car ,
Hans driving , Robert holding the
detonator .
The car lurches
forward , preparing to drive off as
planned .
Seems a bit odd that they would n’t cap an “ enormous explosion , ” does n’t it ?
Just for the sake of research , let ’s look at another Eric Roth action scene , from Forrest Gump …
Forrest looks up as the sun suddenly appears .
Forrest’s
platoon is attacked .
A bullet kills the soldier standing
next to Forrest .
Bombs explode all around as the soldiers
scramble to the ground .
LT . DAN
Take cover !
Forrest crawls over a berm as bullets fly overhead and explode
all around him .
Yeah , I think it ’s safe to say this guy does n’t like CAPS … but I ’m not going to argue with the writer of Forrest Gump , The Insider , Ali and The Postman ( which was supposed to be a really great spec , by the way ) .
Let ’s leap back to Shane Black ’s Lethal Weapon for a famous action sequence and a definite breaking of the rules .
It ’s interesting how he describes the action in a more stylistic than literal manner …
Rianne screams .
Murtaugh
shouts .
Strains .
The chair
thumps up and down , creating an
insane , staccato rhythm .
The Gen eral laughs .
Rianne shrieks .
Harrowing .
Terri-ble .
A scene out of Hell .
And then the Devil comes in and kicks the door off its hinges .
Okay .
Okay .
Let ’s stop for a moment .
First off , to describe fully the mayhem which Riggs now creates would not do it justice .
Here , however , are a few pointers :
He is not flashy .
He is not Chuck Norris .
Rather , he is like a sledge - hammer hitting an egg .
He does not knock people down .
He does not injure them .
He simply kills them .
The whole room .
Everyone stand - ing .
There ’s more to it than that , but just that beginning to the sequence took some huge guts .
In 1987 .
Which means …
You ’re not going to do that now , right ?
Right ?
Just making sure .
Wink .
- Daniel Calvisi
www.actfourscreenplays.com
CALL TO ACTION :
References …
COLLATERAL by Stuart Beattie , 123 pages .
CASANOVA Screenplay by Jeffrey Hatcher and Kimberly Simi , Story by Kimberly Simi and Michael Christopher , 129 pages .
but I prefer …
CASANOVA Written by Kimberly Simi ( original spec draft ) , 128 pages .
THE DEPARTED by William Monahan , Based on Infernal Affairs , script as shot compiled September 2006 , 152 pages .
DESPERATION By Stephen King , 1998 , Third Draft , 137 pages .
SYRIANA by Stephen Gaghan , 129 pages .
MUNICH Screenplay by Tony Kushner and Eric Roth , Based on the Book “ Vengeance ” by George Jonas , 162 pages .
PARAVEL By Ann Peacock And Andrew Adamson And Christopher Markus & Stephen McFeely , Based on the book by C.S. Lewis , 113 pages .
AS GOOD AS IT GETS by Mark Andrus and James L. Brooks , Story by Mark Andrus , Internet draft , source : imsdb.com .
FORREST GUMP Screenplay by Eric Roth , Based on a novel by Winston Groom , Internet draft , source : imsdb.com .
LETHAL WEAPON by Shane Black , Internet draft , source : imsdb.com .
SAVING PRIVATE RYAN by Robert Rodat , Internet draft , source : NOT imsdb.com , that one ’s awful !
ABSOLUTE POWER Written by William Goldman , Based on the book by David Baldacci , May 1996 draft , Internet draft , source : imsdb.com .
Scientists have found the reason why blacks dominate on the running track and whites in the swimming pool - it's in their belly - buttons .
What 's important is not whether an athlete has an innie or an outie but where his or her navel is in relation to the rest of the body , says the study published in the International Journal of Design and Nature and Ecodynamics .
Nary a button in sight at the Olympics swimming .
Credit : Vince Caligiuri
The navel is the centre of gravity of the body , and given two runners or swimmers of the same height , one black and one white , " what matters is not total height but the position of the belly - button , or centre of gravity , " Duke University professor Andre Bejan said .
" It so happens that in the architecture of the human body of West African - origin runners , the centre of gravity is significantly higher than in runners of European origin " , which puts them at an advantage in sprints on the track , he said .
King Arthurs Round
Table wasnt just the romantic meeting place of Arthurs warriors but a massive building on the edge of a huge Roman city .
What ’s more , it was a powerful symbol of Roman authority that survived for some 600 years after the Romans left Britain .
( Skip to the Video )
Thats the bold conclusion made by archaeologists in a new documentary that shows how the monumental Roman structure was transformed from an amphitheatre into a fortified stronghold .
King Arthurs Round Table Revealed explores this and other mysteries surrounding by the iconic British hero King Arthur .
The documentary is an exploration of what archaeology today is revealing about King Arthurs world .
It follows life in Dark Age Britain after the fall of Rome resulted in chaos , anarchy and inter-ethnic strife .
It all led to the rise or warlords including King Arthur , who led the resistance against the Saxon insurgency .
The refortification of Roman sites , the vital strategic importance of the road system and the use of Christianity as a rallying point against the pagan Saxons are all studied .
There are some excellent reconstructions of Arthurian warfare by Comitatus and Regia Anglorum ; scientific analysis of one of the skeletons from a Dark Age mass grave outside Chester ; and high quality replicas showing the distinctive military fittings which characterised the armies of the British warlords .
Chester King Arthur ’s Stronghold
The programme uses Dark Age texts to track down traces of Arthur on the ground , while at the same time taking in archaeological evidence relating to key sites such as Hadrians Wall , Silchester and , crucially , Chester .
Here , finds in the huge amphitheatre confirm the identity of Chester with the City of the Legion , site of two of the first Christian martyrdoms in Britain and one of King Arthurs famous 12 battles .
Christopher Gidlow , author ofRevealing King Arthur , is one of the programme ’s consultants .
He describes the documentary as convincing and powerfully told .
You wont have seen a programme like this , he says .
The scholarship is cutting edge and the list of contributors is a whos who of the most respected archaeologists working in the field .
The part which sees the forensic scientist Malin Holst examine the body of a slain Saxon warrior is incredible .
Tony Wilmott of English Heritage conveys a real sense of the awe he and his team felt confronted with the evidence of the Christian martyr from the Chester Amphitheatre .
There is also some great CGI and the reconstructions of the Romanised British army fighting the invaders are the best Ive seen .
King Arthurs Round Table Revealed will have you thinking this has got to be right .
One of the programme ’s other contributors , Stuart Laycock himself an expert on post - Roman rule in Britain has described Gidlow as the most credible proponent of a historical Arthur .
I take this as meaning that I keep up to date with modern scholarship and that I dont have a blinkered attachment to proving that King Arthur shared my postcode or that some other shadowy Dark Age character is hiding behind the Arthur mask , says Gidlow .
HD Video : Legend of King Arthur ’s Round Table based on Roman Amphitheatre
You can read an extract from Gidlow ’s Revealing King Arthur on the Tintagel Stone in Cornwall here on HK .
And also trace his Top 10 Archaeological Clues to the Real King Arthur .
( Click here for a transcription )
King Arthurs Round Table Revealed ( video trailer ) will air in the UK on the HISTORY channel ( Sky Channel 529 and Sky Channel 545 ) from Monday , July 19 to Sunday , July 25 , 8 pm - 11 pm .
若々しくいるために、何か努力をしていることってありますか？誰もが年を取ることについて思うところはあります。その中でも特になるべく年を取りたくない、若々しくいたいと思うことは多く、若々しくいるために努力をしていないと、あっという間に人は年相応、またはそれ以上の外見や内面へと変わっていってしまいます。若々しくいたい、そう思っただけで若々しくいられるほど、現実は甘くはありませんよね。
しかし、若々しくいるために何かをしたい、そう思ったのであればチャンスだと思ってみましょう。その思えたのであれば、若々しくいるための努力や心掛けを日々やっていくことが出来るはずです。
今回はそんな若々しくいたいと思った人のために、いつまでも若々しくいるに必要な秘訣やコツ、考え方について紹介をしていきます。若さの秘訣は何なのか、早速見ていきましょう！
若さとは ？
そもそも若さって何なのでしょうか？人によって、若いと感じることってバラバラだと思いますが、その中でも不特定多数の人に、そして自分自身でも若いと思える人間になれれば、人生もどんどん楽しく過ごせていけそうですよね。そこで、若々しくいるために必要な、若さの意味について見ていきましょう。
外見的な若 さ
若々しい…と多くの人が思える特徴は、外見的な若さですよね。肌にハリがあったり、背筋がシャンと伸びていたり、男性の場合には適度な筋肉があると若々しいと感じますし、若々しくいるために努力をしているんだな、と一目でわかりますよね。
外見的な若さは、若々しくいるために努力をしているんだな、と誰もが思える特徴を持っていること。特徴さえ掴めば、外見的な若さはあっという間に手に入れられるので、あっという間に自分に自信をつけることも出来ますよ。
内面的な若 さ
内面的な若さは、接することによって感じられる若々しさですよね。若々しくいるためには、内面的な若さは必要不可欠です。やはり内面が若々しいと、エネルギッシュで、元気があって、いつでもやる気に満ち溢れている雰囲気が漂うことになるので、自分も周りの人も明るい気持ちになっていきます。
内面的な若さを手に入れるのは少々心掛けが必要ですが、誰もが意識をすれば出来るものでもあるので、自信を持って心掛けていきましょう！
両方合わさって、若々しく見える
本当に若々しいと感じる人は、外見も内面も若々しさを感じられる人ですよね。若いなぁと思う人って、だいたい外見も若々しく、表情や佇まいも力強く明るく内面の若さが滲み出ています。
若々しくいるためには、外見的な若さ、内面的な若さの両方が必要となるので、この後紹介する若々しくいるために必要な秘訣やコツを、しっかりとチェックしてみましょう。
内面を若々しくいるためにはどうすればいい？
まずは若々しくいるために、内面について意識をしてみましょう。内面の若さの秘訣を身に付けてしまえば、それが雰囲気となって、外見にも魅力的な影響を及ぼしていきます。若さを維持していくための根本的なポイントとなっていくので、是非身に付けていきましょう。
明るい考えを持と う
ポジティブな明るい考えを持っている人って、エネルギッシュで若々しさを感じませんか？一緒にいると自分も明るい気持ちになって、気分も良くなりますよね！
明るい考えを常に心掛けていると、気持ちも上向きになっていくので、若々しくいるための努力もしやすくなります。生きていれば暗い気持ち、落ち込んでしまうこともありますよね。しかし、これは自分にとってのチャンスで、乗り越えたらきっと素敵なことが起きると信じてみると明るい考えを持ちやすくなるので、前向きな考えを心掛けてみましょう。
気遣いや思いやりを忘れないようにしよう
気遣いや思いやりが感じられない人って、心の余裕がなく、冷たい印象がありますよね。一緒にいてもつまらないですし、嫌な気持ちになる時のほうが多いかと思います。
若々しくいるためには、周りの元気なエネルギーを常に貰ってこそ保てるものでもあるので、周りの人には気遣いや思いやりを忘れないように意識をしてみましょう。そういった振る舞いをしていれば、自分にとって良いことや、素敵な出来事が舞い込んでくるようになります。
嬉しい出来事があると、子供みたいに舞い上がってしまいますよね。若々しくいるためには、そんな気持ちにどれだけなれるかが重要なのです。
ストレスはどんどん解消していこう
ストレスが溜まっていると、気持ちも沈んでいき、いつしか体調も崩してしまいます。そうなってしまうと若々しさではなく、どこか老いているような雰囲気になってしまい、逆効果になりますよね。
ストレスは実際に内面、外見を実年齢以上に老けさせてしまうもの。若々しくいるために、ストレスは大敵となってしまうので、上手くストレスを発散していき、老けてみえる原因を排除していきましょう！
外見を若々しく見せる秘訣とは？
外見を若々しく見せる秘訣は、特徴さえ掴めば簡単である、というものです。内面よりも外見は簡単なので、内面の若々しさを向上しつつ、外見で若々しくいるためのモチベーションをどんどん高めていきましょう。
常に身だしなみには気を付けよう
常に身だしなみに気を付けることは、若々しくいるためにはとっても重要なものです。身だしなみが乱れていたり、不潔感が漂っている人を見ると、若々しさって感じられませんよね。
若々しいという印象は、ポジティブな印象でもあります。人から良く思われることが若々しい外見の特徴とも言えるので、誰もがポジティブな印象を抱けるように、まずは身だしなみは常に気を付けて、基本的な若さをキープしてみましょう。
メイクやヘアスタイルに気を配ろう
女性であればメイクやヘアスタイル、男性であればヘアスタイルの他に適度な筋肉が付いている筋肉など、パっと一目で見てわかるような特徴は若さの象徴になるので、是非身に付けておきたい外見の特徴です。
これらの特徴を身に付けるのは、少し努力が必要なので、人によってはちょっと苦手…と思うものもあるでしょう。しかし、自分なりにやってみることがストレスなく、楽しく若々しくいるためには必要なものなので、雑誌などを見たり、美容室にいって研究してみましょう。
運動などに関しても、苦手な人は少しずつでも◎。心掛ける姿勢自体が若さともなるので、結果は遠くに位置していても何も問題はないのです。やってみようという気持ちだけでも十分なので、少しずつ自分のペースで気を配っていきましょう。
年相応の服装にセンスを光らせよう
若々しくいるために努力をしたいけれど、無理していると思われるのが怖い…というのも正直な本音だと思います。周りから痛い目で見られるのであれば、若々しくいなくても良いと思ってしまいますよね。
しかし、無理をしていると思われてしまうのは年相応からかけ離れている場合のみなので、そう簡単にそんな目で見られてしまうケースはほとんどありません！服装については、自分の年代にあったファッションや、女優などの服装をチェックしてみると、イメージも付きやすいと思うのでオススメです。
まとめ
いつまでも若々しくいたいと思っていても、そんなの無理かも…と諦めてしまいそうになりますよね。若々しい人はとても魅力的で輝いていて、自分とは違う存在に思えてしまうのも当然です。
しかし、ちょっとした意識や心掛けをしてみるだけでも、人は若さを取り戻すことが出来るのです。誰もが若さを持っていた、それは紛れもない事実。持っていたものは取り戻せるものでもあるので、少しずつでも自分なりに努力をしていき、輝く若さを手に入れていきましょう！
Bettencourt tax - evasion scandal rocks French government
By Alex Lantier
7 July 2010
Popular disgust is mounting over revelations that , while demanding huge social cuts from working people , top French officials took money from billionairess Liliane Bettencourt and helped her evade taxes .
The 87 - year - old Bettencourt ’s net worth of € 17 billion , largely in holdings of stock in cosmetics giant L’Oréal , makes her France ’s richest woman .
Yesterday , the news web site Mediapart published interviews implicating President Nicolas Sarkozy in the Bettencourt affair .
It interviewed Claire T. , Bettencourt ’s former accountant , currently under investigation , after she testified to police the night before .
The accountant ’s testimony suggests that Bettencourt illegally funded Sarkozy ’s election campaign .
This threatens to undermine Sarkozy ’s political standing in the ruling class by making it untenable for him to carry out the cuts demanded by the financial markets and the political establishment .
Sarkozy ’s poll ratings recently hit an all - time low of 26 percent .
Claire T. explained that she withdrew € 50,000 per week from Bettencourt ’s accounts : “ Partly it went to doctors , hairdressers , minor employees , etc .
Partly it went to politicians …
There was a regular parade of politicians at the house .
They came mainly at election time .
‘ Dédé ’ [ Liliane ’s late husband André Bettencourt ] spread his money around pretty widely .
Each [ politician ] came to get his envelope .
Some even received € 100,000 or € 200,000 . ”
One day , she explained , Bettencourt ’s financial advisor Patrice de Maistre asked her to withdraw an unusually large sum : € 150,000 .
Asked why this was necessary , de Maistre replied : “ But it ’s to finance Sarkozy ’s presidential campaign !
I ’m going to give it to the person charged with financing the campaign , Eric Woerth .
And € 50,000 , that ’s not enough . ”
The withdrawal was ultimately made on March 26 , 2007 , shortly before Sarkozy ’s election in May of that year .
Bettencourt got what she paid for : according to information first reported in Mediapart , a tax concession for the rich implemented by Sarkozy shortly after his election led to a tax rebate of € 30 million for Liliane Bettencourt in March 2008 .
Claire T. said Sarkozy often came by for dinner : “ Nicolas Sarkozy also received his envelope , in one of the little sitting rooms on the ground floor near the dining room .
It was generally after dinner .
Everyone knew about it at the house .
As Mr. and Mrs. Bettencourt were both somewhat deaf , they spoke very loudly , and we often heard things we were n’t supposed to .
To be clear , everyone at the house knew that Sarkozy also went to see the Bettencourts to get money .
He was a regular . ”
She confirmed that Bettencourt “ has never had a single tax audit since 1995 , at least .
I never saw the least tax inspector , I can certify that .
You can really say we did not have to worry about the tax authorities . ”
The Bettencourt affair emerged when Liliane ’s daughter , Françoise Bettencourt - Meyers , sued her mother and her mother ’s lover , François - Marie Banier , over control of roughly € 1 billion in assets .
Bettencourt - Meyers accused Banier , a 53 - year - old society photographer , of “ profiting from weakness ” to defraud her family .
After an 18 - month legal battle , the trial began last July .
On June 16 , Mediapart published small extracts from recordings made secretly by Bettencourt ’s butler to defend himself against potential legal action by Banier and Bettencourt .
They suggested that Bettencourt maintained overseas bank accounts in Switzerland and Singapore and the island of D’Arros in the Seychelles , without declaring them to French tax authorities .
This led to allegations of conflict of interest against Woerth .
He is now negotiating with the trade unions over the signature plank of Sarkozy ’s social policy — a highly unpopular pension cut , including a two - year rise in the retirement age .
His wife Florence was hired in November 2007 by Clymène , the company that manages Bettencourt ’s financial holdings .
There , she earned roughly € 13,000 a month , with a € 50,000 yearly bonus .
In one of the butler ’s recordings , de Maistre tells Bettencourt : “ I made a mistake when I hired her …
Having a minister ’s wife like that , it ’s not a plus , it ’s a minus …
As you are the wealthiest woman in France , having a minister ’s wife working for us , it means all the newspapers and things say yes , everything is mixed up , etc .
I admit that when I did it , her husband was finance minister , he asked me to do it .
I did it to make him happy . ”
The revelations of these incestuous links between the government and the ultra- wealthy are a powerful demonstration of the class character of the state and of the policies it is pursuing .
The social cuts demanded by Sarkozy seek to protect the prerogatives and sumptuous lifestyles of the capitalist elite — a financial aristocracy utterly contemptuous of the needs of working people .
Within the bourgeoisie internationally , the cuts that Woerth is overseeing are seen as critical to slashing state deficits and maintaining the stability of the euro .
To reduce the budget deficit to the Maastricht limit of 3 percent of gross domestic product , while maintaining the tax impunity of Bettencourt and her fellow billionaires , the French state is committed to € 100 billion in social cuts which are directed against the working class .
The major international banks and credit rating agencies are threatening to increase France ’s borrowing costs by removing its AAA credit rating , should it fail to implement these massive cuts .
Currently , the government is standing behind Woerth .
Sarkozy dismissed the allegations as “ having no aspect of reality ” and reflecting the “ degradation ” of “ our times . ”
He promised to continue with the cuts .
He declared , “ We cannot content ourselves with saying , ‘ Oh my God , there will be an election , we can not make reforms . ’
I was elected for five years , until the last second I will continue this work . ”
Woerth said , “ Nicolas Sarkozy is right to have confidence in me .
It ’s out of the question that I would resign and justify the positions of those who are attacking me . ”
There are , however , signs of growing pressure for government officials to resign .
Two junior ministers resigned the day before yesterday — Alain Joyandet , charged with overseas cooperation , and Christian Blanc , the head of Paris area affairs — amid rumors of comparatively small - scale financial misdeeds .
Joyandet was purported to have spent € 116,500 in public funds to rent a private jet to fly to Martinique and attend a conference on Haiti , while Blanc had billed his department for € 12,000 in cigars .
Alain Joannès commented in Le Télégramme : “ The forced resignation of two ministers suggests mainly that the government is looking for a target to protect Eric Woerth .
However , sacrificing two people to try to save a third , who is more severely threatened , testifies to major panic at the top . ”
The Parti Socialiste ( PS ) , the main bourgeois opposition party , is calling for a cabinet reshuffle so the government can continue its cuts with a less politically compromised team .
This reflects the broad agreement within the ruling class on the need to cut state spending at the expense of working people .
Former PS Secretary François Hollande said , “ A reshuffle is needed .
It is not my job to do it , that is the task of the president of the Republic , but what it is my job to say is that the current team is discredited . ”
PS spokesman Benoît Hamon said , “ I say and I repeat that Mr. Woerth is tasked with a reform that is necessary to our common interests — the reform of pensions — and that today he is no longer able nor in a situation , nor legitimate to continue carrying out this mission . ”
Whatever the current position of PS officials , there can be no doubt that powerful sections of the ruling class are considering more drastic action against Sarkozy if he proves unable to carry out the social cuts .
There is growing speculation that Sarkozy may not obtain a second term as president .
The revelations concerning Bettencourt come from high - ranking judicial officials who are investigating her .
They regularly leak material to Mediapart , which itself has unimpeachable establishment credentials .
It was set up by a team of journalists led by Edwy Plenel , a former editor of France ’s daily of record , Le Monde , and an ex-member of the Ligue Communiste Révolutionnaire .
It was publicly endorsed by the 2007 PS presidential candidate , Ségolène Royal , shortly after its launch .
Support for the Bettencourt investigation from any faction of the French ruling class is of an entirely hypocritical character .
Not only is there broad agreement on the need for the Sarkozy - Woerth pension cuts , but also on the necessity to avoid airing Liliane Bettencourt ’s political biography , the origins of her fortune , and her links throughout the entire political establishment .
Though widely known , these details have been studiously ignored by the media in the course of the current scandal .
Liliane ’s father , Eugène Schueller , founded L’Oréal and financed the fascist group La Cagoule during the second half of the 1930s .
La Cagoule was widely feared and hated for its violent attacks against Jewish and Communist targets in France , including the firebombing of synagogues and the assassination of Soviet officials and Italians fleeing the fascist dictatorship of Benito Mussolini .
It also ran arms to the fascist rebels of General Francisco Franco during the Spanish Civil War .
During World War II , La Cagoule largely supported the Nazi occupation of France , though some of its members shifted their allegiances when it became clear that Nazi Germany would lose .
La Cagoule helped found the Légion des Volontaires Français , a volunteer force fighting with the Nazis against the USSR on the Eastern Front .
Several young men who met Schueller while active around La Cagoule in the 1930s went on to play prominent roles in French politics .
These included his future son- in - law , André Bettencourt , who died in November 2007 , and , above all , François Mitterrand — the future leader of the PS and president of France from 1981 to 1995 .
Under the Nazi occupation , André Bettencourt wrote for the Nazi - financed newspaper La Terre Française ( The French Earth ) .
In the Easter 1941 edition , he denounced Jews as “ hypocritical Pharisees ” whose “ race is tainted with Jesus ’ blood for all eternity . ”
When these writings were brought to light by sacked L’Oréal board member Jean Frydman in 1994 , Bettencourt acknowledged that the writings were his and attributed them to “ errors of youth . ”
He claimed that he joined the French Resistance in 1943 — in particular , the cell run by Mitterrand , then a Vichy official .
Bettencourt claimed that he helped Mitterrand escape to London by plane in November 1943 .
Bettencourt worked under de Gaulle at the end of World War II , going on to pursue a prominent career in politics .
He held high office from the 1950s to the 1970s under a succession of conservative and social - democratic governments , and held legislative office as a senator from Normandy until 1995 .
Following the liberation from Nazi occupation , his testimony — together with that of Mitterrand and Parti Communiste Français member Jacques Sadoul — helped Schueller avoid conviction for collaborating with the Nazis , a verdict that would have led to the confiscation of his holdings in L’Oréal .
To this day , this money goes to support the anti-working class policies of the French ruling elite .
Bill Maher does n’t feel like a loser .
And the truth is , it ’s a bit odd to be labeling a guy that way who has earned 22 Emmy Award nominations — 11 for his seminal strange - bedfellows talk show “ Politically Incorrect , ” nine for his HBO late - night series “ Real Time With Bill Maher ” and a pair for stand - up comedy specials .
It ’s just that Maher has never won .
Three years ago , he surpassed 18 - time nominee Angela Lansbury as having earned the most nominations without taking home a single Emmy trophy , an ongoing legacy of defeat dating to 1995 .
FOR THE RECORD :
Bill Maher :
In Thursday ’s Envelope section on the Emmy Awards , a headline on a question - and - answer session with comedian and talk show host Bill Maher implied that he has been nominated again this year .
The Emmy nominations will not be announced until July 8 . —
Larry Charles , himself a two - time Emmy victor for “ Seinfeld ” in the early 1990s and director of the 2008 Maher docu-comedy " Religulous , ” notes of Maher ’s record - setting winless run , “ It ’s just an astounding thing , really .
The fact Bill does the kind of thought - provoking show no one else is doing anymore and consistently gets nominated year after year is , to me , of greater significance than the arbitrary outcome of who wins . ”
Maher , however , seems to take his string of losses in better humor .
To what do you attribute the fact that you are the all - time Emmy Awards “ non- winner , ” if you will , with precisely zero wins to show for nearly two dozen nominations ?
You know , that ’s an awfully good question .
I mean , you ’d think I ’d have won one just by clerical error .
Or it should be like when you get your card punched at Subway .
For every 10 nominations , you get one Emmy free .
I should have two by now .
So , you believe you ’ve been penalized for not eating enough submarine sandwiches ?
Honestly , my take is that you cannot speak the truth about as many things as I do without incurring the wrath of some people who vow every year not to vote for me .
I ’m sure that happened after I said what I said about 9/11 .
[ While Maher did not side with the terrorists , he did say that flying a plane into a building is not “ cowardly ” as some called it . ]
I guarantee there have been those who pledge , “ I ’ll never vote for him because he ’s an atheist and says all those things about God . ”
Others probably declare , “ I ’ll never vote for him because he does n’t think we should get a flu vaccination . ”
Yet , would you agree with the idea that if there were a God , you ’d certainly have won an Emmy by now ?
( Laughing ) I ca n’t really say .
But does it seriously bother you that you ’ve never won ?
Hey , I ’m the same as everybody , so at first I wanted a little trophy if they were giving out trophies .
Of course , it ’s thrilling when you ’re first nominated .
But you eventually do get cured of that .
And I ca n’t put too much stock in any of it because in my category I think it ’s like 10 people in the TV academy who do the voting and make the decision .
From what I ’ve been able to gather , it ’s not exactly a broad consensus .
And , of course , as is often said , it ’s just an honor to be nominated .
Or something like that .
Right ?
Well I certainly do n’t feel I ’m being actively snubbed anymore .
It really is the nomination that comes from within the industry , and I ’ve been nominated for my shows every year they ’ve been eligible since 1995 .
That ’s like 14 straight times .
Each time I ’m nominated , “ Real Time ” is beating out dozens and dozens of other shows for that recognition .
I see that as an annual victory .
It ’s also true that you ’re in some pretty good company among those never to have won an Emmy : Jackie Gleason , Bob Newhart , Andy Griffith and Jason Alexander , for starters .
And Cary Grant and Alfred Hitchcock never won an Oscar [ other than honorary ] .
One could make the argument that it ’s sort of a badge of honor to keep padding my losing record .
The good news is , I ’ve stopped caring if I win or not , and there ’s something very liberating in that .
calendar@latimes.com
Posted on by storagedepotuk
If you have spent any time at all working with a computer , then chances are good that you have used a floppy disk at some point .
The floppy disk drive ( FDD ) was the primary means of adding data to a computer until the CD - ROM drive became popular .
In fact , FDDs have been a key component of most personal computers for more than 20 years .
Basically , a floppy disk drive reads and writes data to a small , circular piece of metal - coated plastic similar to audio cassette tape .
In this article , you will learn more about what is inside a floppy disk drive and how it works .
You will also find out some cool facts about FDDs .
The floppy disk drive ( FDD ) was invented at IBM by Alan Shugart in 1967 .
The first floppy drives used an 8 - inch disk ( later called a “ diskette ” as it got smaller ) , which evolved into the 5.25 - inch disk that was used on the first IBM Personal Computer in August 1981 .
The 5.25 - inch disk held 360 kilobytes compared to the 1.44 megabyte capacity of today ’s 3.5 - inch diskette .
The 5.25 - inch disks were dubbed “ floppy ” because the diskette packaging was a very flexible plastic envelope , unlike the rigid case used to hold today ’s 3.5 - inch diskettes .
Parts of a Floppy Disk Drive :
Disk :
Also called diskette .
The common size is 3.5 inches .
Drive :
The electromechanical device that reads and writes floppy disks .
Tracks : Concentric ring of data on a side of a disk .
Sectors : A subset of a track , similar to wedge or a slice of pie .
For more information , please visit :
www.storagedepot.co.uk
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Computer Products , Floppy Disk | Tagged : floppy disk drive , hard disk drive , USB floppy drive |
Belgium goes to the polls on Sunday in what will be a bitterly - contested election , with the likely winner and possible new prime minister a Flemish nationalist dedicated to the breakup of the country .
The early election – triggered by the collapse of the outgoing government over a failure to resolve the long - running linguistic dispute that is the faultline in Belgium 's survival prospects – has been uncommonly divisive thanks to the emergence of mainstream Flemish separatists as the strongest political force in the country .
Split into Dutch - speaking Flanders , to the north , and francophone Wallonia , to the south – with Brussels straddling the middle and gluing the country together – Belgium is predicted to be on the road to a protracted " velvet divorce " , in the style of the former Czechoslovakia , following the ballot .
Bart de Wever , the leader of the separatist New Flemish Alliance , represents a new breed of popular Flemish nationalism .
His party is running at 26 % in the opinion polls , ahead of all contenders .
Flanders is the bigger half of the country , and the prime minister is usually the leading Flemish politician .
Until a few years ago , Flemish separatism was led by the racist , extreme - right Flemish Interest party , which was quarantined by mainstream politics .
But Flemish separatism now enjoys a plurality of support in Flanders , with De Wever leading the pack .
A poll in the France Soir newspaper this week found that , should Belgium fall apart , a comfortable majority of French people would be happy to annex Wallonia .
The anxiety over Belgium 's longevity was also underscored this week by media coverage of rumours that Nato could move its Brussels headquarters to Germany – reports that were instantly denied by Nato officials .
While Flanders is likely to vote mainly for the separatist centre right , Wallonia will veer to the left , with the socialists certain to win there .
Both parts of the country vote for their own parties , none of them bridging the linguistic divide .
De Wever 's 26 % nationally in the polls translates into 45 % support in Flanders .
The likely outcome is gridlock of a type that brought down the outgoing government , led by the Flemish Christian democrat Yves Leterme , and months of haggling over a new cabinet .
Belgium takes over the EU 's rotating presidency at the end of the month , but it is likely to be without a proper government for most of the summer .
Body Safe Sexual Products For Your Health & Pleasure
FREE Shipping Over $ 69
Discreet & Secure Shipping
Celebrating 20 Years In Business !
Sexual Health Sales ALERT : Read COVID - 19 Info .
Search
SHOP GUIDE NEW REVIEWS SEXUAL HEALTH ARTICLES RESOURCES NEWS ABOUT CONTACT
Strange Sex Laws Around The World
Explore the Sexual Expectations
In & Out of the Bedroom
The following are odd sex laws that are or were in place at one time or another .
This listing is for entertainment purposes only and those seeking legal advice should contact their state or country representative or a lawyer that is familiar with the state or country 's laws .
Safe , Nontoxic Sex Toys
In the USA , the FDA does not currently regulate sex toys , so many of them are toxic .
Learn which sex toys are safe and which ones are not .
In Florida , having sexual relations with a porcupine is illegal .
In Tibet , many years ago , the law required all women to prostitute themselves .
This was seen as a way to gain sexual experience prior to marriage .
" Female breasts , " according to the Arizona Supreme Court , do n't constitute " private parts " under state law .
The Asiatic Huns punished convicted male rapists and adulterers with castration .
Female adulterers were merely cut in two .
The penalty for masturbation in Indonesia is decapitation .
The T'ang Dynasty Empress Wu Hu passed a special law concerning oral sex .
She felt that a woman pleasuring a man represented the supremacy of the male over the female .
Therefore , she insisted all visiting male dignitaries show their respect by pleasuring her orally when meeting .
The empress would throw open her robe and her guest would kneel before her and kiss her genitals .
In London , it 's illegal to have sex on a parked motorcycle .
There is , in fact , an Illinois law that prohibits a number of things one of which is a public erection , another is nude dancing .
The prohibition against the public erection has never been challenged in the Supreme Court , but the prohibition against nude dancing has .
In 100 A.D. , the Teutons , an Germanic tribe , would punish anyone caught as a prostitute by suffocating them in excrement .
The vow of a Roman vestal virgin lasted 30 years .
If she engaged in sex before then , she was punished by being buried alive .
In 17th century Spain , it was illegal for anyone other than a woman 's husband to see her bare feet .
A woman could freely expose her breasts , but feet were considered sexual and had to be covered in the presence of men other than her husband .
The Romans would crush a first - time rapist 's gonads between two stones .
In China , women are prohibited from walking around a hotel room in the nude .
A woman may be naked only while in the bathroom .
The early Christian church forbade couples from having sex on Wednesdays , Fridays and of course , Sundays .
In Pompeii , a special law was directed at prostitutes .
They had to dye their hair either blue , red or yellow in order to be able to work .
In Indiana , mustaches are illegal if the bearer has a " tendency to habitually kiss other humans .
Six thousand years ago , Egyptians , the first to punish sex crimes with castration , would completely castrate a male convicted of rape .
A women found guilty of adultery would find herself without a nose , the thinking being that without a nose , it would be harder to find someone to share in her adulterous ways .
In Krakow , Poland it 's not only a crime to have sex with animals , but three - time offenders are shot in the head .
Up until 1884 , a woman could be sent to prison for denying a husband sex .
In Maryland , it is illegal to sell condoms from vending machines with one exception prophylactics may be dispensed from a vending machine only " in places where alcoholic beverages are sold for consumption on the premises . "
While not as extreme as the ancient Israelite punishment for adultery ( stoning ) , Greek men still had their fair share of discomfort when their pubic hair was removed and a large radish was shoved up their rectum .
In Alabama , it 's against the law for a man to seduce " a chaste woman by means of temptation , deception , arts , flattery or a promise of marriage . "
In Nepal , Bangladesh and Macao it is against the law to view movies containing simulated lovemaking or the pubic area of men and women .
The law also does not allow kisses to be shown in any film that includes actors from these three countries .
It 's illegal to have sex with a corpse anywhere in the United States .
An 18th century French prostitute could be spared punishment if she were willing to join the opera .
There are men in Guam whose full - time job it is to travel the countryside and deflower young virgins , who pay them for the privilege of having sex for the first time .
Under the law in Guam , it is forbidden for virgins to marry .
In Hong Kong , a betrayed wife is legally allowed to kill her adulterous husband , but may only do so with her bare hands .
The husband 's lover may be killed in any manner desired .
An 18th century French prostitute could be spared punishment if she were willing to join the opera .
In Mississippi , S & M is against the law .
Specifically , " The depiction or description of flagellation or torture by or upon a person who is nude or in undergarments or in a bizarre or revealing costume for the purpose of sexual gratification . "
During the Middle Ages , if you were guilty of bestiality you'd be burned at the stake , along with the other party to your crime .
As recently as 1990 , these states had laws against the use of dildos : Idaho , Utah , Arizona , Oklahoma , Minnesota , Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama , Georgia , Florida , South Carolina , North Carolina , Virginia , Maryland , Massachusetts , Rhode Island and Washington D.C.
In Minnesota , it is illegal for any man to have sexual intercourse with a live fish .
Dead ones are apparently all right !?!
In Detroit , couples are not allowed to make love in an automobile unless the act takes place while the vehicle is parked on the couple 's own property .
In Oxford , Ohio , it 's illegal for a woman to strip off her clothing while standing in front of a man 's picture .
An excerpt from Kentucky state legislation : " No female shall appear in a bathing suit on any highway within this state unless she be escorted by at least two officers or unless she be armed with a club . "
The only acceptable sexual position in Washington , DC is the missionary position .
Any other sexual position is considered illegal .
In Michigan a woman is n't allowed to cut her own hair without her husband 's permission .
It is illegal for any member of the Nevada legislature to conduct official business wearing a penis costume while the legislature is in session .
In Ventura County , California cats and dogs are not allowed to have sex without a permit .
Under Lebanese law , men are legally allowed to have sex with animals , but the animals must be female .
Having sexual relations with a male animal is expressly forbidden .
A law in Fairbanks , Alaska does not allow moose to have sex on city streets .
In Kingsville , Texas there is a law against two pigs having sex on the city 's airport property .
Women can sell items and be topless in Liverpool , England  but only in tropical fish stores .
In the state of Texas it was a misdemeanor if two men engage in oral sex and or anal sex .
The Supreme Court overruled this law in 2003 .
The same law did n't apply to men and women engaging in the same activity with each other .
In Romboch , Virginia , it is illegal to engage in sexual activity with the lights on .
In the state of Utah , sex with an animal , unless performed for profit , is not considered sodomy and therefore is legal .
Anywhere in the U.S. ,
It 's illegal to use any live endangered species ( except for insects ) in public or private sexual displays , shows or exhibits depicting cross-species sex .
In the quiet town of Connorsville , Wisconsin , it 's illegal for a man to shoot off a gun when his female partner has an orgasm .
It is illegal for a man and woman to have sex " on the steps of any church after the sun goes down " in Birmingham , England .
In the state of Washington there is a law against having sex with a virgin under any circumstances ( including the wedding night ) .
A Tremonton , Utah law states that no woman is allowed to have sex with a man while riding in an ambulance .
In addition to normal charges , the woman 's name will be published in the local newspaper .
It 's against the law in Willowdale , Oregon , for a husband to curse during sex .
Sodomy laws have been repealed or are ignored in most states , but not Georgia , where a man was sentenced to five years in prison for engaging in oral sex .
With his wife .
With her consent .
In their home .
An Oklahoma state representative once proposed a bill requiring that a man explain the dangers of pregnancy and obtain a woman 's written consent before the two could legally engage in sexual intercourse .
In Oblong , Illinois , it 's punishable by law to make love while hunting or fishing on your wedding day .
No man is allowed to make love to his wife with the smell of garlic , onions , or sardines on his breath in Alexandria , Minnesota .
If his wife so requests , law mandates that he must brush his teeth .
Warn your hubby that after lovemaking in Ames , Iowa , he is n't allowed to take more than three gulps of beer while lying in bed with you or holding you in his arms .
Bozeman , Montana , has a law that bans all sexual activity between members of the opposite sex in the front yard of a home after sundown if they 're nude .
An ordinance in Newcastle , Wyoming , specifically bans couples from having sex while standing inside a store 's walk - in meat freezer .
In hotels in Sioux Falls , South Dakota , every room is required to have twin beds .
The beds must always be a minimum of two feet apart when a couple rents a room for only one night .
And it 's illegal to make love on the floor between the beds .
The owner of every hotel in Hastings , Nebraska , is required to provide each guest with a clean and pressed nightshirt .
No couple , even if they are married , may sleep together in the nude , nor may they have sex unless they are wearing one of these clean , white cotton nightshirts .
An ordinance in Newcastle , Wyoming , specifically bans couples from having sex while standing inside a store 's walk - in meat freezer .
A state law in Illinois mandates that all bachelors should be called master , not mister , when addressed by their female counterparts .
In Norfolk , Virginia , a woman can't go out without wearing a corset .
( There was a civil - service job for men only called a corset inspector . )
In Merryville , Missouri , women are prohibited from wearing corsets because " the privilege of admiring the curvaceous , unencumbered body of a young woman should not be denied to the normal , red- blooded American male . "
It 's safe to make love while parked in Coeur d'Alene , Idaho .
Police officers are n't allowed to walk up and knock on the window .
Any suspicious officer who thinks that sex is taking place must drive up from behind , honk his horn three time and wait approximately two minutes before getting out of his car to investigate .
A law in Helena , Montana , mandates that a woman can't dance on a table in a saloon or bar unless she has on at least three pounds , two ounces of clothing .
Lovers in Liberty Comer , New Jersey , should avoid satisfying their lustful urges in a parked car .
If the horn accidentally sounds while frolicking behind the wheel of a motor vehicle , the couple can face a jail term .
A Florida sex law :
If you 're a single , divorced , or widowed woman , you can't parachute on Sunday afternoons .
Women are n't allowed to wear patent - leather shoes in Cleveland , Ohio the thinking is that a man might see the reflection of something he should n't .
Maryland prohibits the selling of condoms through vending machines in gas stations and stores with one major exception .
Prophylactics may be dispensed by a vending machine only " in places where alcoholic beverages are sold for consumption on the premises . "
Vending - machine condom sales are banned in such states as Hawaii , Kentucky , Massachusetts , Pennsylvania and Wisconsin .
In Texas , no one other than a " registered pharmacist " may sell condoms or other kinds of contraceptives " on the streets or other public places . "
No , not even physicians .
Anyone who tries to make a few extra bucks doing this will be severely prosecuted for the dire act of " unlawfully practicing medicine . "
Kentucky and Idaho has had limits on condom sales to medical practitioners and licensed pharmacists , but their license to sell the items may not be hung on a wall where it can be seen by customers .
Maine licenses condom sellers and the license must always be on public display .
Nevada , with 35 legal bordellos , has no condom problem .
The use of condoms in Nevada brothels is compulsory .
Both Indiana and Ohio have laws that prohibit male skating instructors from having sexual relations with their female students .
This misdeed , called " the seduction of female students , " is prosecuted as a felony .
This statute applies only to male teachers .
It seems female skating instructors may have sex with male students .
Authorities in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , passed a special piece of legislation governing sexual activities in the toll - collection booths on the Pennsylvania Turnpike .
The law , which pertains only to female toll collectors , prohibits them from engaging in sex with a truck driver in the confines of a booth .
The city fathers in Clinton , Oklahoma have banned local men from masturbating while observing a couple making love in the back seat of a parked car in a drive - in theater .
In North Carolina , it 's illegal for a man to peep through a window at a woman yet it 's not against the law for a woman to peep into a room occupied by a man .
( Nor is it a violation of the law if a man peeps at another man . )
Until the law was repealed in 1975 , California husbands and wives could both get a 15 - year penitentiary term for engaging in certain sexual practices .
They were specifically prohibited from engaging in any oral activities , even in the privacy of their own bedroom .
In Skullbone , Tennessee , the law bans a woman from " pleasuring a man " while he is sitting behind the wheel of any moving vehicle .
Any man stopped and found with the front of his pants undone can be fined a minimum of $ 50 and serve 30 days in jail .
In California , adultery is punishable by a $ 1,000 fine and / or one year in prison .
In Arkansas , offenders are fined a mere $ 20 to $ 100 .
Single guys and gals caught in the act of sex in Michigan can be fined as much as $ 5,000 , and they could be sentenced to as many as five years in prison .
Single adults in Texas who are apprehended while having sex are charged with a misdemeanor and given a $ 500 fine .
Branchville , South Carolina , retains an old piece of legalese covering those who " lewdly and lasciviously associate , bed , and cohabit together , in a public or nonpublic place . "
The amorous couple can be punished with a $ 500 fine and as much as a six - month prison term .
Rhode Island prohibits unmarried people from partaking of bedroom activities under any circumstances .
However , if caught , the lovers are both fined $ 10 .
Unmarried adults in Arizona who decide to fool around a little are committing a serious felony .
Anyone single , man or woman , caught having sex can be sent to the penitentiary for three full years .
South Dakota threatens a 10 - year prison term for " copulation by means of mouth . "
Utah has made this same act a misdemeanor .
There , oral sex brings a six - month jail term and a $ 299 fine .
Rhode Island labels it an " ' abominable , detestable crime against nature , " and such activity brings a seven - to - 10 - year stretch in the penitentiary .
It is outlawed in New Mexico where participation is punishable by a $ 5,000 fine and a two - to - 10 - year sentence .
Kansas gives one month in jail and a $ 500 fine for anyone who gets caught with a Hooker .
In Nevada prostitution is legal .
A man can be incarcerated for from one - to - 10 years in an Arizona or Washington , DC , prison for causing his wife to be a prostitute .
A man can also get 10 years in Arkansas and 20 years in Maine and Michigan for placing " his spouse in a brothel . "
In Missouri , it 's a " high misdemeanor " for a fellow to " force " his wife to sell sexual services on the streets .
Do n't import an Asian woman and make her a prostitute in California .
If you 're caught , you could get a year in prison and a $ 500 fine .
Buckfield , Maine , has a rather unusual law regarding cab drivers and sex .
The legislation declares that no taxi driver " will be allowed " to charge a fare to any passenger who gives him sexual favors " in return for a ride home from a nightclub or other " establishment which serves alcoholic beverages , " or any " place of business " selling liquor .
Carlsbad , New Mexico , retains a law making it illegal under certain conditions for couples to have sex in a parked vehicle during their lunch break from work .
The car or van must have tightly drawn curtains to stop strangers from peeking inside while the activity is taking place .
An old law in Cattle Creek , Colorado bans a man or his wife from making love while bathing in any lake , river or stream .
It 's against the law in Beanville , Vermont , for a road map to be printed and sold or given away if it contains advertising of a " lewd or lascivious nature . "
The ban specifically includes ads for massage parlors and hot tubs , as both are believed to be of a " sensual bent . "
It 's against the law to make love to a virgin , whatever the circumstances , anywhere in the state of Washington .
According to the wording of the legislation , it 's a major crime even to marry and then spend the night with a virgin bride in that city .
In Anniston , Alabama an old ordinance bans women from using promises of certain physical activities to pay off a bet on a match they are playing .
Nor may they initiate sex while hanging around a pool hall .
Women who go out on the streets alone at night in Kansas City , Kansas , can be arrested under an obscure 1901 city ordinance .
Any unattended females can be picked up by the police if they are " in the streets or any public place without lawful business and without giving a good accounting of themselves . "
The city of Cottonwood , Arizona banned people from having sex in a vehicle with " flat wheels . "
If the vehicle with flat wheels is parked , and you 're caught making love in the front seat , it 's a $ 25 fine .
But if you 're caught playing around while in the back seat , the fine is doubled .
Connecticut still retains an old law forbidding any kind of " private sexual behavior between consenting adults . "
This odd law makes absolutely no distinction between married and single couples .
The Louisiana House of Representatives hurriedly approved a unique anti-streaking law .
Under it , streakers can be sentenced to five years in the state penitentiary and given a $ 2,000 fine for streaking " while intending to arouse the desires of minors . "
Streaking with only the " intent of arousing sexual desire " brings a violator a $ 100 fine and one year in prison .
In Nebraska , buggery , or anal copulation , can bring a whopping 20 years in the penitentiary .
And buggery in Pennsylvania can bring transgressors a $ 5,000 fine and 10 years at hard labor .
South Carolina 's Code of Laws 16 - 412 includes " the abominable crime of buggery . "
A $ 500 fine and five years in prison are the punishment .
Buggery in Maryland brings a one - to - 10 - year prison term .
Anyone in Kansas caught engaging in this activity ( anal sex ) draws a maximum sentence of six months in jail .
Indiana and Wyoming both have laws against anyone 's enticing , alluring , instigating , or helping a person under 21 to masturbate .
This activity is known in legal circles as an act of " self pollution . "
Michigan law prescribes five years in prison for a man who engages " in acts of gross indecency , either in public or private . "
This includes mutual masturbation by two men or the simple act of solitary masturbation .
New Jersey law threatens men with a three - year sentence for " mutual masturbation . "
The law covers anyone " who , in private , is a party to an act of lewdness or sexual indecency with another . "
No one may have sex while riding in the sidecar of a motorcycle in Norfolk , Virginia , where an old ordinance outlaws anyone from doing so while cruising down a city street .
Procuring or employing an Alabama girl from 10 to 18 years old for prostitution brings a relatively mild $ 300 to $ 500 fine and six months in jail .
Prostitutes in South Dakota are still prohibited from plying their trade out of a covered wagon .
It 's " an excusable act of passion " in Colombia , South America , for a man to murder his wayward wife when he finds the woman in bed with her lover .
If the husband " personally witnesses the corrupt sexual activity , " he 's allowed to shoot his unfaithful spouse .
Such adultery - related homicides are n't even prosecuted .
The use of chili sauce and similar hot spices on jail and prison food is outlawed in Peru .
An edict was handed down by the Interior Minister because these items were claimed to " have aphrodisiac qualities " and would " arouse sexual desires . "
Censorship laws in Brazil are strict .
Explicit guidelines govern pornography .
No newspaper , magazine , or book is allowed to discuss any aspect of homosexuality .
Pictures of nude couples can't be included in any publication .
No photographs even " suggesting " sexual activity are allowed .
Banned , too , are photos of women attired in bikinis or short - shorts .
And no more than one bare female breast may legally be shown on any given page of a newspaper , magazine , book , or other publication .
Do n't try to fool around while skinny - dipping anywhere near Georgetown , Guyana .
Getting caught while bathing in the nude is punishable with a coat of fresh paint .
The bathers are then taken to the outskirts of Georgetown and left to fend for themselves .
The law is even tougher in its effort to discourage people from having sex while skinny - dipping .
The lovers are first given a coat of paint , then both parties " will be attached to an ass and taken on a tour of the village . "
Finally , they 'll be dropped at the edge of town and told in no uncertain terms to not bother coming back .
Sodomy has long been a serious offense in Peru .
A person who has engaged in it is first dragged through the streets on a rope .
Hanging comes next .
Finally , the corpse is burned while fully clothed .
Cautin Province in Chile has an edict banning the hanging on the walls of Playboy centerfolds and other sexy pinups in any home or public building .
The reason according to this decree ?
" It 's more worthwhile to admire a good landscape than a photograph of a naked woman . "
In Paramaribo , Suriname , a man who rapes a single woman wo n't be punished  if the rape victim agrees to marry her attacker .
Featherbeds were long ago outlawed in Buenos Aires , Argentina because " such an indulgence induces and encourages lascivious feelings . "
The alpaca ( a variety of llama ) appears to be the most popular four - legged bedmate for many single Peruvian guys .
So prevalent , apparently , is this sexual deviance that an old law still outlaws the activity .
Unmarried young men are prohibited from even having a female alpaca live in their homes or apartments .
The law in Guatemala pulls no punches in dealing with single women who have been accused of illicit lovemaking .
Supposed female " fornicators , " when seen in the streets , are to be stopped , spat upon , and beaten by the citizens of the community Single men are n't punished at all when they 've been caught in the act .
It 's against the law in Belize for any man to have sex with or marry his own aunt .
Masked vigilantes are allowed to take the law into their own hands and severely punish the lawbreaker , who is tied to a tree and then flogged .
Passionate kissing in public places has been outlawed in Sorocaba , Brazil .
The specific kind of kiss that was banned was " the cinematographic kiss , in which salivas mix to swell the sensuality . "
Panama does n't mess around when it comes to homosexuals and homosexuality .
The law declares , " If any one of these males who commit this vile practice against nature with other males , he shall be degraded , and shall remain in perpetual exile . "
The penalty meted out for homosexual behavior is castration .
The law also covers people who are n't homosexual themselves but associate with homosexuals .
" Guilt by association " brings a penalty of a shaven head , one hundred lashes , and banishment .
The law in Honduras does n't prohibit homosexuality , yet neither does it condone the practice .
Sodomy , however , is strictly banned regardless of whether it 's homosexual or heterosexual .
A man in Matagalpa , Nicaragua , is required by law to divorce his wife as soon as he discovers that she 's committed adultery .
He 's in serious trouble should he fail to do so ; the hapless husband may then be prosecuted for his unwillingness to take the proper and necessary course of action .
A wife , on the other hand , is not permitted to divorce her husband when he 's caught in bed with another woman .
Such things are simply to be expected when it comes to men , says the law .
Peru still keeps on the books an old piece of legislation that dates all the way back to 1583 .
Passed by the Third Provisional Council of Lima , it states , " If there is anyone among you who commits sodomy , sinning with another man , or with a boy , or with a beast ...
Let it be known that it carries the death penalty . "
In Uruguay , a husband who catches his spouse in bed with another man is given an option under the current law .
He has the right to kill both the wayward wife and her loveror he can choose to slice off his wife 's nose and castrate her lover .
It 's a violation of the law in Valparaiso , Chile , for any man to marry a certain kind of woman he must never take for his bride a woman who has committed adultery .
Such a woman is to be condemned forever .
A married woman in La Paz , Bolivia , is not allowed to drink more than a tiny bit of wine .
One who does is considered by law to be morally and sexually lax , and her husband may divorce her for one sip too many .
A married woman in Venezuela may be accused of committing adultery , but a simple unsubstantiated accusation is n't enough to merit her punishment .
All the woman has to do is " swear " her innocence and she 's cleared of all charges .
Masturbation is outlawed in French Guiana because of the " danger it presents to the masturbator . "
The law notes that such a physical act " is recognized as a common cause of insanity . "
Ridiculous ?
Well , it was n't but a few years ago that young people in the United States were taught that masturbation would make them go blind !
El Salvador certainly is n't the best place for a married woman to have a fling .
Any " married woman who lies with the male who is not her husband " can get a six - year prison term and a $ 30 fine .
The amount of the fine is awarded to the woman 's husband as his indemnity !
A husband in Honduras is guilty of adultery only when he has a mistress and when he " keeps her in a notorious manner . "
A person can be arrested in San Jose , Costa Rica , for " keeping a common bawdy house . "
Or he or she may be charged with " keeping a place ... for the practice of indecency . "
A woman can legally be a prostitute in Santa Cruz , Bolivia .
But it 's against the law for a prostitute to solicit customers on the streets or in other public places .
Having sex with a relative is a serious infraction in Santa Ana , El Salvador .
Anyone who violates this law is punished either by exile or by hanging .
In Limon , Costa Rica , both parties in an adulterous relationship are in for real trouble : Each person is subject to being beaten and drowned in punishment for their deed .
The law among the Tupies of Brazil stipulates that once a woman is married , she 's required to be faithful .
The same standard does n't apply to the husband .
He 's allowed to have as many mistresses as he can afford to keep .
Adultery is n't always a crime in Caracas , Venezuela .
It depends on how long a couple has been married .
Anyone , male or female , can play around and not be prosecuted , so long as they 've been married for fewer than 12 months .
After one full year of marital bliss , the same sexual activities become serious criminal offenses .
Young women in Bogoti , Colombia , are not permitted to be out alone on the streets after the sun goes down .
Why ?
Because other people might think that they are prostitutes .
The law allows the police to arrest such suspects .
A widow in Paramaribo , Suriname , who plans to remarry is required by law to first make love with a man .
The statute even specifies who should be her bed partner : a member of her deceased husband 's immediate family .
The law in Montevideo , Uruguay , bans a man from making love to his wife during her menstrual period .
Nor is he allowed even to touch her between the waist and the knees .
Anyone who violates this law is fined and publicly administered 200 lashes .
Personal revenge is allowed by law in Paraguari , Paraguay , when a man catches his wife in bed with someone else .
He 's permitted to kill his wife 's lover , and his adulterous spouse , on the spot .
But the wronged husband must take immediate action to be considered guiltless under this law he is n't allowed to wait and do it later .
On the other hand , a wife who catches her mate in bed with a lover is not entitled to any of these privileges .
The law in Durango , Mexico , governs when a couple may have sex after the woman 's period begins .
Five days must be allowed from the start of the menstrual flow .
Seven more days must pass for " purification . "
A husband must not touch his wife in any manner with his hands .
Then , after these 12 days have passed , the woman must bathe .
Only then can the couple make love .
Anyone caught violating this old law could receive the death penalty .
A bride in Ecuador had better be prepared for her wedding night .
According to the law , the girl can be returned to her parents if her new husband determines that she is not a virgin .
When a bride is deflowered in Cali , Colombia , the law says , it must be done by the husband while making love .
And this initial lovemaking must take place while the bride 's mother sits close by and witnesses the activity .
Promiscuity is n't illegal in Valencia , Venezuela , so long as it's kept within certain specified boundaries .
The single man or woman , says the law , should n't ever have sex with anyone who 's deformed or who is known to be an " idiot . "
Single women in Costa Rica are banned from all forms of sex .
Activities specifically prohibited by the law include prostitution , fornication , and " any kind of lewd activities or behavior " with a man .
A law found in Santa Cruz , Bolivia , wo n't allow a man of any age to engage in sex with certain relatives and other people .
Specific taboo relatives include the man 's mother and his mother 's sister .
Nor may he have a sexual relationship with an unrelated woman and her daughter at the same time .
The Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini was apparently a man much obsessed with unique sexual legislation .
According to one of the great Ayatollah 's decrees , lovemaking during times of fasting was illegal in Iran .
His edict read , " Coitus invalidates the fast , even if the penis has penetrated the vagina only as far as the circumcision scar , and even if ejaculation does not occur .
If the penis does not penetrate up to the circumcision scar , and no ejaculation takes place , the fast is valid . "
Lawmakers in Jordan have legislated what they consider to be the most desirable amount of sexual activity between married couples .
A husband , they order , is to make love " with the wife at least once every four months . "
In Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates , the police can arrest a person for " committing an action that would be harmful to the general public . "
This might be the official charge for something as harmless as kissing a woman on her cheek in a public place .
The penalty is 10 days in jail for both the kisser and the kissee .
Also , adultery in Abu Dhabi is punishable by death .
According to Lebanese law , a woman must be executed for fornicating with any animal wild or domesticated .
Saudi Arabia treats adulterers with firmness .
Both of the guilty parties are quickly picked up by the authorities .
They are securely tied in a cloth sack and stoned to death .
Or the penalty for adultery might be somewhat more humane , according to the way the Saudis look at things .
The guilty woman may be shot in front of her illicit lover , who is then publicly beheaded .
Conviction of adultery in an Islamic court depends entirely on the testimony of four male witnesses or eight female witnesses .
Or an accused woman can condemn herself .
All she must do is stand and admit three times that she actually committed the criminal act .
" Sperm is always impure , " decreed the Ayatollah Khomeini , " whether it comes from coitus or from involuntary emissions while asleep . "
Therefore , Iranians are forced by law to go through ablution or the ritualistic washing away of impurities as in a religious riteafter being involved in certain kinds of sexual activities .
( Ablution is n't necessary , however , if the sperm stays inside the woman 's vagina after lovemaking is completed . )
According to Iranian law , a man is required to perform his ablutions if he ejaculates while having sexual relations with an animal .
Citizens of most Middle Eastern countries are forbidden to eat lamb under certain circumstances covered by Islamic law .
The law reads , " After having sexual relations with a lamb , it is a mortal sin to eat its flesh . "
In Oman , if a man has sex with a camel , a cow , or a ewe , the law says that the animal 's milk becomes impure and is no longer suitable for human consumption .
Oman law requires that the animal must immediately be killed and then burned .
The person who sodomized the beast is required to pay its owner the dead animal 's full market value .
According to Lebanese law , a woman must be executed for fornicating with any animal wild or domesticated .
The law in Iran actually suggests that sex play by their male population " with wild animals is not recommended , especially with a lioness . "
What is recommended instead is coitus with domesticated animals such as dogs , cats , donkeys , lambs and , yes , of all things pigeons .
Sodomy is also commonplace in parts of the Middle East .
Again , special legislation can be found in Iran to cover this form of sexual activity .
The law declares that if a man 's penis fully penetrates another man 's anus , ablution is also a necessity , but this time for both parties to the sex act .
Kuwait covers all the bases when it comes to sexual feelings .
It 's illegal there for a married man to glance at another woman " in a sensual manner . "
Nor can any male , married or single , lustfully look at a statue of a female or at a female animal .
In Syria , a man is forbidden to " look at the body of a woman who is not his wife under any circumstances .
It is also forbidden for a woman to look at the body of a man who is not her husband .
It is forbidden to look at the genitals of others , even in the mirror or in a pool 's reflection . "
According to Iranian law , Islamic religious laws " must be obeyed and carried out by all without exception and without argument .
There is no other right , no other duty but obedience . "
This Middle Eastern country 's Retribution Bill details the punishments for sex- related crimes such as fornication , homosexual activity , prostitution , and being a pimp .
Each of these is punishable by death .
Public morality is strictly enforced .
Any man or woman even accused of adultery is shot .
Prostitution is a serious criminal offense in Yemen .
Transgressors are simply rounded up and publicly beheaded .
No type of contraceptive may be brought into Saudi Arabia under any circumstances .
The passage of legislation banning contraceptives quickly followed a World Moslem League ruling that " birth control was invented by the enemies of Islam . "
Anyone caught smuggling condoms , other contraceptive devices , or birth - control pills into the country is punished with a term of six months in prison .
Even physicians are thoroughly covered by Middle Eastern law when it comes to checking a woman 's pubic area .
Lawmakers in Bahrain have decreed that a male doctor can legally examine a woman 's genitals .
But any examination must be done indirectly .
Says the law , " If a doctor must touch a woman 's genitalia for medical reasons , he must not look directly at her genitals .
He may do this only by seeing their reflection in a mirror . "
Egypt has an unusual piece of legislation that prohibits a woman from belly dancing unless her navel is covered with gauze .
Technically , according to this law , a female in Egypt may dance in public while wearing absolutely nothing more than a piece of gauze on her belly button .
Colonel Muammar el Qaddafi's Libya has a scale of prices to be paid for prospective wives by eligible single men .
They must be willing to pay the equivalent of as much as $ 35,000 , a handful of gold coins , one healthy camel , and a number of sheep .
All of these things go to the bride - to - be 's father .
Many Libyan males who can't afford these prices travel to Egypt and Tunisia , where a wife can be had for around $ 200 .
The law in Doha , Qatar , requires that if a naked Muslim woman is surprised by a man while bathing or dressing , she must first cover her face , not her body .
In King Ibn Saud 's Saudi Arabia , rapists are held in jail until Friday of each week ( Friday in Saudi Arabia is the Sabbath ) .
They are then taken from the jail and dragged to the town square .
Each rapist is unceremoniously beheaded right after the midday prayers are concluded .
No unmarried woman in Qatar is allowed to give birth .
Such a woman is banned from using any hospital in the region .
Nor can she receive any kind of medical assistance .
A pregnant female who happens to be single must either flee the country or do the best she can by going it alone .
A rigorous code of Muslim sexual behavior was passed down by Iran 's Ayatollah Khomeini .
His followers in Iran and throughout the Middle East uphold these as holy laws to be applied sternly .
They are to be obeyed and are not subject to change .
Here are a number of Khomeini 's most unusual sex-related laws .
What does a person who is n't able to hide his or her genitals with " anything in particular when undressed " do ?
The hand is a suitable covering , according to the law .
Eating the meat of donkeys , horses , or mules is against the law if the animal when alive was sodomized by a Muslim man .
If this transpired , the animal must immediately " be taken outside the city and sold . "
The law in Doha , Qatar , requires that if a naked Muslim woman is surprised by a man while bathing or dressing , she must first cover her face , not her body .
A man who perspires when he ejaculates does n't have to worry according to Muslim law .
His sweat is n't impure , but he 's not allowed to pray so long as his clothing or body are still sweaty .
What must a Muslim man do who makes love to his wife when he should be abstaining ?
The fellow is required to avoid praying so long as he feels or looks as if he is still sweating from the illicit activity .
The law clearly states that a Muslim man can't marry a woman who was breast - fed as a baby by his grandmother or his mother .
Muslims are banned from looking at the genitals of a corpse .
The person undertaking the cleansing ritual commits a serious violation of the law if he or she sneaks a peek .
The sex organs of a dead person must always be covered with a brick or a piece of wood during the ritual .
A Muslim man who makes love to his aunt is n't allowed to marry her daughters , his first cousins .
But a man who marries his first cousin and then commits adultery with her mother can't get an annulment .
A Muslim man who gets married and then makes love to his wife is somewhat restrained insofar as his future sex life .
He is strictly prohibited from making love to his wife 's daughter or granddaughter , even if they are hers by a previous marriage .
Muslim males are also banned from marrying their own mother , sister , stepmother , or mother - in - law .
Nor may they make love to their wife 's paternal or maternal grandmothers or her great - grandmothers .
When a Muslim woman begins to menstruate while having sex , the man must immediately withdraw .
If he can't and ejaculates instead , the fellow must , per the law , donate money to the poor .
If he cant afford this , then something , however little , must be given to a beggar on the streets .
Should this not be possible , the man then must , as a last resort , beg for God 's forgiveness .
Marriage contracts commonly guarantee a wife 's virginity in the Middle East .
If the woman turns out not to be a virgin as promised , the husband may have their marriage annulled .
A Muslim husband is in serious trouble if he 's incapable of making love to his wife .
Under these circumstances , she 's allowed by law to have the marriage annulled , and the husband is required to pay her damages ( one - half of the dowry as spelled out in the marriage contract ) .
A married Muslim woman who is caught committing adultery must be sternly repudiated by her husband .
After the husband finally divorces the unfaithful woman , however , he must pay her the full amount of her dowry .
No Muslim wife may refuse or even ignore her husband 's sexual advances .
Any woman who does is to be judged guilty and can't get food , clothing , and a place to live from him .
Nor can such a woman ask her husband to have sex with her in the future .
However , should they divorce , he must pay her damages that constitute part or all of her dowry .
In recent decades , China has indoctrinated its citizens to ignore their sexual interests .
Transgressors are severely chastised .
Is prostitution punished ?
Yes !
And with heavy penalties .
Nevertheless , officially speaking , there are no laws against prostitution anywhere in Red China .
Why ?
Because , according to a member of the Communist Chinese Foreign Ministry in Beijing , " There is no prostitution in China .
However , we do have some women who make love for money . "
Bestiality laws in Bangkok , Thailand ?
There are none .
Any man who " forcibly subdues and has sexual intercourse " with a female dog is merely charged with Cruelty to animals . "
The culprit is fined a small amount of money .
If the female dog happens to be in heat , the fine is slightly higher .
In Bakersfield , California , anyone having intercourse with Satan must use a condom .
( An asbestos one we presume . )
Sexual Products Sex Toys
Every Sex Toy You Need
For Women & Men Lubricants
Flavored , Warming ,
Waterbased , & More Bedroom Gear
Pillows , Throws , Bondage Gear & More Adult Gifts
Gift Baskets , Starter Sets
Monthly Clubs & More !
Lingerie
Beautiful Designs
Rich Fabrics eBooks
Sex Education & Fun Massage
Sensual Exploration
Through Massage Sex DVDs
Sex Education Videos Gift Cards
Send Instantly Or By
Snail Mail - Your Choice Sales Rewards Specials
Dear Feminists :
We work at the Daily Show .
We are all women !
Please do not make any enquiries as to whether we are hired or promoted at the same rate as men , or which opportunities are made available to us , as opposed to our male counterparts .
For we are women .
This should be enough for you .
Yes , women is what we are , and also we work at The Daily Show .
We are all sorts of things : Production assistants !
Administrative assistants !
Writers ’ assistants !
So many of us women are assisting !
Why , we even sometimes get our jokes on the air !
But not our names , apparently , in many cases , or our faces , in all but three cases .
Just because our names do not appear on the writers ’ credits — just because we do not , as the saying goes , “ get credit ” for our work — this should not imply to you that our work is not valued !
We are women !
This is enough !
Also Jon Stewart is wonderful .
He is our boyfriend .
We have never experienced sexism at the hands of Jon Stewart that we are willing to write about in this public letter meant to rehabilitate the reputation of the show we are currently employed by , which is run by Jon Stewart .
Also , have you checked us out ?
We ’re women !
Women women women .
Boy howdy , what a bunch of women we are !
As for your suggestions that there are a multitude of female comedians who are funny , and who could provide a valuable addition to our predominantly male cast , or that our show — known for being liberal , and thereby concerning women , who tend to lean left and whose rights we so frequently discuss on air — might in fact demonstrate its stated principles better by employing women , LET ALONE your ridiculous suggestion that when looking for a female cast member we might favor women with backgrounds in comedy rather than a woman whose primary on - air achievement was licking the Nintendo Wii ’s port on the day it came out while her obnoxious frat guy co-host chanted “ lick it !
Lick it , put your tongue on it ” ( strangely , our recollection of Olivia Munn ’s career is identical to the recollections of Sady Doyle , who used to have to watch that show she was on because her boyfriend liked it ) : Ha , ha ha !
What ridiculous suggestions !
These are identical to the suggestions our Nanas make , which are useless !
Also , our Nanas are all talented comedians .
You have never heard of them , because they are women .
As are we !
Women women women women women .
That is what we are .
Love ,
The Daily Show
( Which Has Some Women On It )
( Just Not , Most Of The Time , On Air )
PS : Olivia Munn told us to tell you that you all eat sandwiches , which is why you are bitches , and so fat , and no - one will ever hire you , because of how fat and ugly you bitches are .
Women !
The End .
The Australian Crime Commission ( ACC ) has released figures showing police arrested almost 84,000 people in relation to illegal drugs last financial year .
The Illicit Drug Data Report found authorities seized more than 13 tonnes of illegal substances and discovered almost 450 clandestine drug labs .
The report says the number of drug busts involving cocaine is at a record high level , with seizures at Australian borders up 71 per cent .
Two - thirds of all drug- related arrests in Australia between 2008 and 2009 were cannabis - related , but overall the percentage of people using cannabis has fallen 50 per cent over the past decade .
Amphetamine - type stimulants were the next most popular drug .
Home Affairs Minister Brendan O'Connor says police are discovering more clandestine drug laboratories .
" There were 449 detections of such laboratories in this financial year ... two - thirds of which , quite disturbingly , are in residential areas , " he said .
Queensland had the highest level of drug labs , with around one - third of the national total being found there .
Detective Inspector Mark Slater from Queensland 's drug investigations unit says drug labs are operating in all types of residential areas around Australia .
Detective Slater says the labs are often set up so they can be easily moved .
" Our labs are small , what we call addiction - based labs , which are easily transportable , " he said .
" In those instances there will be occasions where you find them in vehicles , in hotel rooms in particular . "
He says busts are often made as a result of tip - offs from the public because there are usually signs if a drug lab is operating in a neighbourhood .
" The main thing the community probably would become aware of would be unusual or strong chemical odours in the vicinity of their homes or work environments , " he said .
" You 'll find particularly in a residential area that people come and go on a regular basis and it may not necessarily be that a premises is occupied 24/7 , it could be that it 's just used for production purposes .
" You 'll see the signs of chemical containers and drums and waste products being moved in and out of the property .
Other things like hoses and pipes and a range of things like that . "
Meanwhile , Australian Federal Police Commissioner Tony Negus says many illicit substances continue to be imported from overseas .
" Obviously we have people stationed in Afghanistan at the moment working with the Afghani national police to look at how drugs are actually shipped throughout that part of the region , " he said .
" We have liaison officers in that part of the world too , in Afghanistan , Pakistan , and south - east Asia , also looking at how shipment routes end up in Australia . "
From seemingly out of nowhere yesterday MeeGo , a Linux Foundation - approved alliance between Nokia and Intel , released v1.0 of what they ’re calling the netbook user experience .
Way to channel Jimi Hendrix there .
So like the band with the similar name , will MeeGo blow your mind ?
Let ’s find out …
Here ’s the default desktop on MeeGo , called Myzone .
I ’m not yet entirely sure what other “ zones ” there are .
If you ’re of the opinion that this desktop looks suspiciously like its Moblin counterpart I would n’t argue with you .
But very much unlike Moblin , MeeGo ’s WiFi works with my WPA - encrypted home network and my Eee PC , so I did n’t give up at this point .
Readers of Oa and my previous blog will know that I ’m all about the PIM , so you ’ll understand why my jaw dropped a bit when I saw built in sync support for Memotoo , my favourite hosted SyncML service .
There are other options for similar services , plus Google .
Straight - up
Exchange is n’t supported , though .
Good .
A prettier - than - usual version of Evolution seems to be the built - in solution for scheduling and email .
I know , I ’m shameless !
This , by the way , is MeeGo ’s status tab , currently supporting Twitter and Last.fm , but allowing only one account for each .
Hopefully support for additional status accounts is on the way — might I suggest Identi.ca ?
There are at least four ways to get to MeeGo ’s file browser .
This one , through the Devices tab , is probably the least intuitive .
You can also find it in the Apps tab ( see below ) , or use ALT + F2 , the Linux standard “ run ” command .
Or you can simply type “ nautilus ” into a terminal window because that ’s exactly what the file browser is .
I ’m a die - hard Firefox user , but give me Xmarks and AdBlock and I ’ll make do with whatever .
I will eventually need to find a replacement for my Read2Me plug - in , though .
Chromium seems very speedy and my only issue with it thus far is that Flickr ’s fancy Flash plug - in has crashed repeatedly while trying to upload these screen grabs to my account .
Maybe this is because I ’m using Chromium , rather than Chrome proper ?
YouTube seems to work fine , though .
The MeeGo Apps tab …
There ’s not much in the way of pre-installed software , but the good news is that after installing MeeGo I still have almost a gigabyte free on my 4GB solid - state boot disk .
Oh , and Frozen Bubble is one of the default games — nothing wrong with that .
MeeGo comes with a GUI package manager but not apt ( note to self :
That would be because it ’s based on Fedora , not Ubuntu .
Stupid ) .
I suspect most people will look for additional software in the MeeGo Garage , anyway .
There is n’t a huge selection there at the moment but I suspect that will change in short order .
MeeGo ’s default IM & VoIP app — support for Sipe but not Skype .
What the hell is Sipe ?!
And now , on to the big question :
Is it for you ?
If you do n’t currently need Skype , your netbook is n’t your main computer , you live mostly on the web and / or you want a headache - free connection to cloud - based calendars and contacts , I ’d say this first full release of MeeGo is good to go .
Boot time is ridiculously fast — I counted just over 5 seconds from my BIOS screen — and the Qt geegaws will make your netbook appear just as speedy once it ’s up and running .
And while the interface has been dumbed down a bit for a rich GUI experience there does seem to be some power under the hood .
MeeGo reminds me a lot of Jolicloud in that connectivity to the Internet is critical to make it useful as an OS .
But as a fan of Jolicloud I have to say that MeeGo feels much more polished .
In its current iteration Jolicloud is still mostly a collection of web bookmarks on top of an older version of Ubuntu Netbook Remix ( albeit with fantastic wireless and graphics card support ) , whereas MeeGo ’s UI feels altogether new — keeping in mind that Moblin was a non-starter for me .
The best compliment I can pay to MeeGo is that it has proved worthy of a permanent home on my Eee PC — for the moment , at least .
If you ’ve any additional questions about it ask away , and I ’ll answer as best I can …
As atmospheric carbon dioxide levels rise , so does the pressure on the plant kingdom .
The hope among policymakers , scientists and concerned citizens is that plants will absorb some of the extra CO 2 and mitigate the impacts of climate change .
For a few decades now , researchers have hypothesized about one major roadblock : nitrogen .
Plants build their tissue primarily with the CO 2 they take up from the atmosphere .
The more they get , the faster they tend to grow -- a phenomenon known as the " CO 2 fertilization effect . "
However , plants that photosynthesize greater amounts of CO 2 will also need higher doses of other key building blocks , especially nitrogen .
The general consensus has been that if plants get more nitrogen , there will be a larger CO 2 fertilization effect .
Not necessarily so , says a new paper published in the July 1 issue of Nature .
Adam Langley and Pat Megonigal , two ecologists at the Smithsonian Environmental Research Center , conducted a four - year study on plants growing in a brackish Chesapeake Bay marsh .
In 2006 they began feeding sedge - dominated plots a diet rich in CO 2 and nitrogen .
Just as atmospheric CO 2 levels are rising , so is nitrogen pollution in estuaries due farming , wastewater treatment and other activities .
Because the sedge has previously shown a large CO 2 fertilization effect , Langley and Megonigal expected that adding nitrogen could only enhance it .
The sedge , Schoenoplectus americanus , initially reacted as expected .
However , after the first year something unanticipated happened .
Two grass species that had been relatively rare in the plots , Spartina patens and Distichlis spicata , began to respond vigorously to the excess nitrogen .
Eventually the grasses became much more abundant .
Unlike sedges , grasses respond weakly to extra CO 2 and do not grow faster .
Thus , the nitrogen ultimately changed the composition of the ecosystem as well as its capacity to store carbon .
The experiment unfolded on the Smithsonian Global Change Research Wetland , located on the Chesapeake 's western shore in Maryland .
The Smithsonian site has a history of climate change research that dates back to the 1980s .
For this study , Megonigal and Langley placed 20 open - top chambers over random plots of plants .
The chambers were 6 feet in diameter and had 5 - foot - tall transparent plastic walls .
The large , plastic pods allowed the scientists to manipulate CO 2 concentrations in the air and nitrogen levels in the soil .
Half of the plots grew with normal , background CO 2 levels ; the other half were raised in an environment with CO 2 concentrations roughly double that amount .
Similarly , half of the chambers were fertilized with nitrogen and the other half were untreated .
Langley and Megonigal began and ended each growing season with a census of the plants in each chamber .
They noted the individual plant species , measured the above - ground biomass and the root growth .
In the chambers that received the high - nitrogen diet , the plant composition changed dramatically ; it went from 95 percent sedge in 2005 to roughly half grass in 2009 .
" It 's a fact that not all plants will be able to respond optimally to all changes , " said Megonigal .
" The things they do respond to reflects their strategy for making a living in the environment . "
" The study underscores the importance of considering the mix of species when you 're trying to predict how terrestrial ecosystems will react to global climate change factors , " said Langley .
Rising CO 2 levels will favor some plants and excess nitrogen will favor others .
This lesson will be important to understand as scientists consider additional global change factors such as precipitation , temperature and , in tidal wetlands , sea - level rise .
The plant species that gain a competitive edge under these evolving conditions will determine how ecosystems respond to global change .
This study was supported by the U.S. Geological Survey and U.S. Department of Energy .
The Smithsonian scientists recently received funding from the National Science Foundation that will sustain the research for another 10 years .
Note : this vulnerability has long been fixed .
I was just waiting for the confirmation from Google .
I could now tell a story of magic and wonder , how I spent day and night analyzing GMail and finally after weeks of hard work found this vulnerability .
But the truth is that I was simply using GMail as I usually do when I came across this vulnerability .
GMail has had the “ View Image ” functionality for a while and I ’ve often lamented that it does n’t extend to SVG documents , which are eventually viewed through Firefox anyway .
So when I finally noticed the “ View Image ” link next to an SVG that I had sent to my address for quick access on another computer , I happily clicked on it and was more than a little surprised when it opened on the mail.google.com domain .
You see , hosting any kind of unknown document on your own domain is extremely risky .
Even a seemingly harmless PNG or JPEG can be a threat unless you really verify that it is what it claims to be and / or serve it from an unpredictable location .
If it ’s not and you did n’t notice , then all it takes is a browser trying to act smart and ignoring the MIME type for an attacker to take complete control of the user ’s account .
SVG is especially dangerous since , just like HTML , it can contain or link in script code .
So , seeing the SVG open on mail .
google.com was worrying .
On the other hand , GMail also displays HTML on mail.google.com by preprocessing it and removing anything that is not text or formatting - related ( which is also an extremely dangerous task since every new release of a web browser includes new ways to load remote data , but apparently Google feels that it ’s worth the risk : even allowing the loading of CSS can cause code execution ) , so there was some hope .
The problem is that in difference to HTML it is nearly impossible to preserve the majority of information in an SVG document if you strip it of tags that can be used to include data , since a lot of SVG ’s core functionality relies on linking in fragments that can either be part of the local or any other document .
I started throwing some slightly obfuscated SVGs at it and was surprised to find that it did n’t filter any code at all , no matter how it was included .
Using this knowledge and another attack vector ( that I ’m not going to describe yet since it ’s still being worked on ) I was able to deliver a harmful mail and open it by leading the user onto a specifically created webpage .
With a bit of other black magic I was able to read the address book and all mails from there and have them delivered to my doorstep .
There ’s not much more to this story .
I reported it , the “ View Image ” link got disabled for SVG documents and we ’re safe once again .
But how can such a big issue ever slip through the cracks of Google ’s testing and could this happen elsewhere ?
Well , I can only guess , but this is what it looks like from my perspective :
When you create any kind of software that may be an attack target , you define how potentially dangerous each component is .
This may happen informally by people simply watching changes in certain files more closely or through a dedicated process that requires additional reviews for files marked “ critical ” , but it always happens .
So , how would you rate a file containing a list of image file formats , especially when there are only non-interactive formats like GIF , JPEG or PNG around ( as was the case when GMail was initially created ) ?
You ’d probably mark it as “ safe ” and allow patches with minimal or no reviewing .
Now , someone learns about this new “ image format ” SVG , not realizing that it is in fact a document format and adds it to the list of image files and voilà , you ’ve got a class A untrusted code execution vulnerability .
What can we learn from this ?
Anything that ends up serving untrusted content from your servers really is security relevant
Any assumption on the danger of a particular action should be rechecked regularly , to see if it still applies A little knowledge is a dangerous thing when it comes to file formats
When in doubt , serve untrusted content from a separate domain .
Thanks to Adam from the Google Security Team for the good cooperation and being an all - around nice guy 🙂
Dead To Rights : Retribution , like so many shooters , is a game about manliness .
It 's about situations wherein big strong men with muscles like Greek statues spurt hot bullets from out of their massive , two - handed death cocks .
That 's when they 're not sticking their heads in each other 's armpits and grappling over which one gets to be the bitch .
I 'm not prejudiced .
If you get a rush from having your prostate tickled by a male friend 's huge mustache then more power to you , but personally I find nothing more off - putting than an overly " macho " character .
Now , I know that action game protagonists are almost invariably male because of society and marketing and all that , and that in games where a lot of things are required to be dead the heroes are going to have to be physically strong and capable in a fight , which are typically masculine traits .
But the point I want to make is that there 's a significant difference between being manly , an awesome masculine badass who we can respect and admire ; and being macho , a muscular , insecure tosspot with no social skills .
This is a distinction that more games need to realize .
Here are some examples of manly characters : Niko Bellic ( GTAIV ) .
Ezio Auditore da Firenze ( Assassin's Creed 2 ) .
The Prince of Persia ( Sands of Time / Two Thrones ) .
Here are some examples of macho characters : Jack Slate ( Dead To Rights ) .
Marcus Fenix ( Gears of War ) .
The Prince of Persia ( Warrior Within ) .
The manly man equips himself appropriately .
He wears clothing that combines protection with storage space while still allowing for flexible movement .
He arms himself with effective , concealable weapons .
In pre-industrial games , this will mean whippy , undecorated and razor - sharp swords .
In gun -based games , he will depend on a simple handgun for small - scale firefights , switching when appropriate to the popular shotguns and rifles of the era .
The macho man will either wear the most overly complicated suit of armor he can find , emblazoned with skulls and spiky bits , or will run around in his pants in the belief that this will prove something about himself .
His ideal length for a sword is roughly his own height , and for most situations requiring guns he will solely use devices that have been proved capable of completely disintegrating a heavy goods vehicle .
The manly man has a full emotional range .
While fully capable of feeling and acting upon his anger and resentment when confronting his enemies , he is civil and even - tempered around neutral parties and warm and affectionate to his close associates .
In his lowest moments of despair he's not afraid to let his emotions show as he seeks solace in his allies and perhaps sheds some dignified tears , but he is equally unafraid to confront the sources of his displeasure and take appropriate retaliation .
The macho man thinks emotions are for women and poofters .
The only emotion he is prepared to display is screaming fury , especially as he leaps down from a first - story window , impossibly huge sword pointed directly at the eye socket of an upward - staring foe .
When dealing with allies and neutral parties whose murder will be frowned upon , the macho character will at best be merely rude and indifferent , and at worst will grab them by the lapels , shove them into walls and bark gravel - voiced threats .
In place of shedding tears , the macho character will only make a curious tight - lipped , boggle - eyed expression of distaste before stomping off alone to jam his giant sword into somebody 's jollies .
Muslims have , alhamdulilah , a long history in America .
InshaAllah , too , they will have a long and prosperous future in this country .
Crucial to Muslim advancement , I believe , is institutional establishment .
Fundamentally , this means building the masjids , schools and civic centers that will teach , guide and socialize this segment of the ummah .
Just as important , however , is continuing our integration into broader American institutions .
Unfortunately , there have been several recent campaigns seeking to halt Muslim progress on both these fronts .
So far this year , several efforts to build new masjids across America have met pretty intense opposition .
Plans for an Islamic center in lower Manhattan near Ground Zero have elicited national coverage and local protest .
It ’s tempting to think that such resistance is owed more to the venue than anything else , but events up the bay evidence different motives .
In Staten Island , too , an MAS initiative is meeting similar hostility .
Both these protests , however , seemingly pale in comparison to the virulently racist clashes in Tennessee over a proposed “ mega - mosque . ”
Support MuslimMatters for Just $ 2 a Month MuslimMatters has been a free service to the community since 2007 .
All it takes is a small gift from a reader like you to keep us going , for just $ 2 / month .
The Prophet ( SAW ) has taught us the best of deeds are those that done consistently , even if they are small .
Click here to support MuslimMatters with a monthly donation of $ 2 per month .
Set it and collect blessings from Allah ( swt ) for the khayr you 're supporting without thinking about it .
Still , even as Muslims organizations push for a space of their own in New York , they continue efforts for broader inclusion society .
The campaign to formally recognize Muslim holidays in New York City public schools clearly illustrates how Muslims are n’t turning in on themselves and seek genuine interaction with the community around them – with the honest expectation of reciprocity .
Even though this measure has passed a council vote , obstacles still remain .
Mayor Bloomberg has expressed his opposition to the council ’s resolution , and so The Coalition of Muslim School Holidays , the organizational body that ’s headed this campaign , is holding a rally at City Hall this Wednesday , June 30 to put added pressure on the mayor .
One member of the Coalition spoke at the masjid I attended for jumua prayer and he called on the members of the community to come support this effort for , to paraphrase , last time something like this was held , there were more Jews and Christians than Muslims .
On the one hand , I understand him using this point to encourage more Muslim involvement .
On the other hand , though , the fact that this campaign ( and , to be fair , other campaigns including the ones mentioned above ) is getting widespread non-Muslim support bodes well for the future of Islam in America .
What : Muslim Holidays Rally & Press Conference
When : Wednesday , June 30th at 11am
Where : Steps of City Hall
Take the 4 , 5 , 6 to City Hall / Brookyln Bridge or 2 , 3 Park Place or A , C , to Chambers or R , W trains to City Hall
Contact :
For more information , contact fali@cair.com or meligyxxi@yahoo.com .
— — — –
Parenting Workshop & Magic / Evil - Eye Workshop @ Houston CLIC Th / Fri :
By MM Specialist Umm Reem
For those in the Houston area , here are some events you may be interested in :
Parenting Workshop : “ Get to know your Teenagers ”
Thursday : 1 - 3 PM
“ Magic / Evil Eye : Are you Protected ”
Friday evening
Both at the Clear Lake Islamic Center ( CLIC )
The focus of the latest race row to engulf the White House has swung to the rightwing blogger who instigated the furore by posting an edited version of a speech made by one of the federal government 's senior black officials .
Andrew Breitbart found himself at the centre of the storm after he posted parts of a speech by Shirley Sherrod , the head of rural development for the agriculture department in Georgia , on the internet .
The clips were edited to give the impression that Sherrod had been making discriminatory comments against white farmers , when in fact she had been recalling a parable designed to show that poor people should be treated equally whatever their race .
Sherrod was fired within hours of Breitbart posting the footage on Monday but later her full speech from March was aired , clearing her of any hint of racism .
That led to apologies to her from the White House , the agriculture secretary , Tom Vilsack , and media pundits who had swallowed Breitbart 's version without checking its veracity .
Today Sherrod conducted a round of television interviews in which she threatened to sue Breitbart for damage to her reputation .
She told CNN 's morning news magazine that she would like to " get back " at the blogger and see his website shut down .
" That would be a great thing .
He 's doing more to divide us , " she said .
She told NBC News that Breitbart " knew his actions would take Shirley Sherrod down .
It would be hard for me to forgive him at this point . "
Breitbart posted the misleading video on his site BigGovernment.com , which he bills as a rightwing version of the Huffington Post , the now liberal news aggregator he used to work on .
So far he has been one of the few parties in the saga not to offer an apology to Sherrod , though he has said he felt sorry for her .
Breitbart 's website insisted he had done no editing himself of the speech , running footage he had been handed by an unidentified source in its entirety .
" We did not edit , much less misleadingly edit , any of Ms Sherrod 's remarks .
We posted two excerpts from her speech , representing the sum total of the video we had .
We did n't cut anything out of her speech , " a post on the site said .
While much of the spotlight now plays on Breitbart amid suggestions that he victimised Sherrod in an attempt to discredit the NAACP , the largest civil rights group in America which hosted her speech , questions continue to be asked about why the Obama administration sacked her so quickly on the word of an avowedly partisan blogger .
Sherrod insisted her dismissal was carried out with the full knowledge of the White House .
She told NBC News she continued to admire President Barack Obama , but added : " I 'd like to talk to him a little bit about the experiences of people like me .
People who live out there in rural America .
People who live in the south .
I know he does not have that kind of experience .
Let me help him a little bit with how we think , how we live and the things that are happening . "
Kurz vor Einführung der neuen Auflage eines Schulbuches für das Fach Englisch haben evangelikale Christen in Bayern zu Jahresbeginn eine Beschwerde wegen religionskritischer Passagen in einem journalistischen Unterrichtstext des Buches eingereicht .
Das bayerische Kultusministerium sorgte kurzerhand dafür , dass der Berliner Verlag des Buches die Passagen aus der Version entfernte , und begründete dies mit der bayerischen Landesverfassung , in der festgehalten ist , dass alle Schüler zu „ Ehrfurcht vor Gott “ erzogen werden sollen .
Bayern ist hier kein Einzelfall : Ähnliche Formulierungen finden sich in den Verfassungen und Schulgesetzen anderer Bundesländer , so auch in Baden - Württemberg .
Die Piratenpartei Baden - Württemberg jedoch sieht den Staat besonders bei der Bildung zu weltanschaulicher Neutralität verpflichtet und fordert , Gottes - und Religionsbezug aus der Landesverfassung und dem Schulgesetz zu streichen , da das baden - württembergische Schulgesetz in § 100 Abs. 3 bewusst konfessionsfreie und nichtchristliche Schüler benachteiligt .
„ Während christlicher Religionsunterricht flächendeckend ab der ersten Klasse unterrichtet wird , ist Ethikunterricht als Alternative zum Religionsunterricht vielerorts erst ab der Religionsmündigkeit der Schüler oder aus finanziellen Gründen gar nicht verfügbar “ , erwähnte die Landtagskandidatin des Wahlkreises Hechingen - Münnsingen , Dipl . - Pädagogin Jasenka Wrede , auf dem Parteitag der Piratenpartei während einer Diskussion zur Praxis des schulischen Religionsbezugs in Baden - Württemberg .
So hat z .
B. die Elterninitiative Ethik der Karolinen - Kaspar - Grundschule in Freiburg bereits im April Klage beim Verwaltungsgericht erhoben , um dieser landesweiten Ungerechtigkeit im Schulangebot entgegenzutreten .
Bei einem Anteil nichtchristlicher oder konfessionsfreier Schüler von über 53 Prozent kämpfen Eltern hier bisher vergebens um die Einrichtung eines Ethikunterrichts in den unteren Klassen .
Auch die Piratenpartei Baden - Württemberg setzt sich in ihrem Landtagswahlprogramm für das flächendeckende Angebot eines Ethikunterrichts ab der ersten Klasse ein .
„ Die notwendigen Finanzmittel zur Deckung des Angebotes ( geschätzte 20 Millionen Euro für 500 zusätzliche Lehrerstellen ) könnten beispielsweise aufgebracht werden , wenn sich die Landesregierung endlich dazu durchringen würde , die über 100 Millionen Euro Gehälter für Bischöfe und Geistliche zukünftig für alle Bürger zu verwenden “ , so die in der Bildungspolitik engagierte Kandidatin der Piratenpartei .
Image caption
The study suggests that improved access to food has triggered the earlier births
Harbour seals are giving birth to pups earlier each year as a result of changes to the marine ecosystem , a study has shown .
It said the mammals , also known as common seals , were being born 25 days earlier compared with 35 years ago .
Scientists suggested the removal of large fish species by fishing boats was allowing populations of smaller species - favoured by the seals - to thrive .
The findings appear in the Royal Society journal Biology Letters .
" We report on a continual shift in the birth date of harbour seals in the Dutch Wadden Sea , " the team of researchers from the Netherlands Institute for Marine Resources and Ecosystems Studies ( IMARES ) wrote .
" Given the similar results found for harbour seals ( Phoca vitulina ) in other parts of the Wadden Sea , we conclude that the factor causing this shift has acted on the entire ... population . "
It is understood that the mating season runs from spring until autumn .
Males may mate with more than one female , and females give birth to one pup in the spring , about 9 - 11 months after mating .
Gestation includes a period of delayed implantation , when the fertilised egg stops growing and floats in the female 's uterus for one - and - a - half to three months .
The delayed implantation allows the mother to recover from her last pregnancy , and it also allows the pup to be born when conditions are best suited for its survival .
' Fat threshold '
" A possible mechanism for this shift in pupping could be a shortening of one or several stages in the reproductive cycle , including lactation , delayed implantation and placental gestation , " the team wrote .
HARBOUR SEALS IN DETAIL Scientific name : Phoca vitulina
Habitat : coastal waters of the northern Atlantic and Pacific Oceans , as well as the Baltic and North Seas
Appearance : brown , tan , or grey , with distinctive V - shaped nostrils
Length : 1.85 metres ( adults )
Mass : 132kg
Life expectancy : females ( up to 35 years ) outlive males ( 25 years )
Behaviour : pups are able to swim and dive within hours of birth , and grow quickly on mothers ' milk
Older females tend to give birth earlier in the year , but the team found that there had not been a noticeable change in the age structure of the seal populations , which allowed them to rule this out as a possible reason .
The scientists then investigated whether there had been a shift in the placental gestation period , but found there had been no noticeable variation in this stage of the reproduction cycle .
However , the team said previous research into harp seals ( Pagophilus groenlandicus ) had identified a link between the females ' condition and implantation dates .
" We therefore suggest earlier timings of implantation as the most likely mechanism explaining the observed shift , " the researchers added .
" Possibily , nutritional condition of mother after lactation ... is of importance . "
Females undergo rapid weight loss during the weaning and mating seasons , leading the researchers to suggest that the animals needed to " acquire a fatness threshold prior to implantation " .
" In other words , the better the food acquisition during and after lactation , the earlier they regain the mass needed for implantation , " they explained .
The favoured prey of the seals are a variety of small , bottom - dwelling fish species .
The scientists said surveys in the North Sea revealed that the abundance of small fish had " increased steadily and significantly from 1977 " .
" Intense fishing of larger fish in the North Sea has caused both a shift to smaller species and a decrease in larger predator fish , hence predation on small fish has decreased , " they said .
As a result , they suggested that this had led to an increase in the amount of prey available to the seals , allowing the females to reach the " fat threshold " more speedily and shortening the period of delayed implantation .
" This [ hypothesis ] is supported by the increase in avian predators specialising on similar small prey , " the researchers added .
" It is interesting to see whether this shift ( in delayed implantation ) might be reversed when this exponentially growing ( seal ) population approaches the carrying capacity of the area . "
just spend an hour outside tanning and have nothing to show for it ?
man : yes that pesky atmosphere blocking your tanning rays ?
man : well , i'm not a scientist or anthing but yea , i think ( narration speaking over man ) then take a trip to the moon and get that tan you always wanted !
man : what ?
you see , earth 's ozone layer blocks the majority of your tanning rays !
* diagram : tanning rays are blocked by the ozone layer .
sad face inside the ozone layer * but the moon does n't have an atmosphere * man standing on moon with tanning rays hitting him * less atmosphere = a better , faster tan for you !
very very tanned man giving a thumbs up : alright !
we have three moon bases for maximum moon - tanning availibility * moon with 3 bases diagramed * schedule a trip today !
Amanda Keppert is convinced that she would have lost Mandy ’s Korner , her hot dog stand in San Jose , Calif. , if she had not received a type of loan that is more common in the third world than in the United States .
Last year , as fewer people ate out and layoffs mounted in Silicon Valley , sales plunged more than 60 percent at the once - thriving Mandy ’s Korner .
“ My business was drowning and I was afraid it would go under , ” Ms. Keppert said .
While she picked up catering work at a local concert site , it was n’t enough to pay her expenses .
She had invested all of her savings in the business , and she did not want to see it go under .
But her loan applications were rejected repeatedly at banks in San Jose .
Then she found Opportunity Fund , a local microlender that has teamed up with Kiva.org , one of the best - known international microlenders .
Kiva , which has lent more than $ 150 million in 53 countries , had just begun a pilot program lending to business owners in the United States .
Through Kiva , Ms. Keppert obtained a $ 6,500 loan that she has three years to pay back and that carries a 6 percent interest rate .
She used the money to buy an ice maker , a generator to save on propane costs and large signs to advertise her business .
In the end , it ’s the middle - aged housewife who gets to him .
On a blistering June day north of Phoenix , John McCain , short and sprightly in a baby - blue gingham button - down , has been harangued repeatedly by an antiwar demonstrator during his town - hall meeting .
A couple of hours earlier , he ’d had to stand red-faced while a transsexual woman made a speech about a nondiscrimination bill in Congress ( “ I ’ll go back and review it again , ” he said stiffly ) .
Then , during an event in a YMCA recreation facility in the suburb of Carefree , he can’t hold it together anymore .
A woman takes a paper from her purse and begins reading McCain ’s own concession speech from the 2008 election .
After he was beaten by Barack Obama , the senator from Arizona promised “ to find ways to come together to find the necessary compromises to bridge our differences . ”
“ That was your words , ” says the woman .
“ I was very heartened when I heard these words , and my question is : ‘ What happened ? ’ ”
Blinking rapidly , McCain develops an expression like a grenade about to detonate .
“ Simple , ” he snaps .
“ This administration has decided to govern from the far left without any consultations or negotiations or any compromises to be made with the other party ! ”
His supporters applaud , and McCain ’s face twitches .
“ You know how many times I ’ve been asked to go over to the White House to negotiate on any issue ? ” he asks , not waiting for an answer .
“ Zero , ” he says with a huff .
“ Zero . ”
McCain ends the exchange with a starkly disingenuous “ Thanks very much , ” the smirk on his face doing nothing to conceal his annoyance .
“ Next time , ” he says , “ please bring another speech . ”
It has been a very strange season in the political career of John McCain .
The former maverick who once fought his own party on everything from tax cuts to torture , who built a reputation as a prickly independent , now marches in lockstep with his party , from his objection to Sonia Sotomayor ’s Supreme Court appointment to his support of a draconian new immigration law in Arizona that would have repulsed him three years ago .
When Newsweek asked him whether a maverick would take such positions , he responded that he ’d never considered himself a maverick .
It all seemed to defy logic .
But did it really ?
For John McCain , being a maverick always meant following different and contradictory scripts , according to his whim and the political realities of the moment .
Long dependent on advisers to harness and manage his political energies , McCain has never resolved an inherent contradiction in his brain trust , between Rick Davis , a veteran lobbyist who helped McCain win the Republican nomination , and Mark Salter , the speechwriter who single - handedly crafted the maverick image of McCain from the early aughts .
Both represent distinct parts of McCain ’s psyche , the former McCain ’s instinctual need to survive and fight , the latter his need for honor and dignity in the Washington snakepit ( it was Salter who wrote McCain ’s concession speech ) .
And both have served him well .
But this year , as McCain has been gripped by fear of political mortality , one of the voices in his head is , increasingly , drowning out the other .
In a sense , the campaign he ’s running is a continuation of his presidential campaign , the same battle on different ground .
And though for the nation the stakes are much lower , for one man — John McCain — they are even higher .
In the spring of 2009 , Nevada senator Harry Reid approached John McCain with a message , ostensibly from President Barack Obama .
“ If you put an immigration bill in , we ’ll get behind it , ” Reid told McCain , according to a person briefed on the conversation .
McCain , who ’d failed to pass an immigration bill co-sponsored with Ted Kennedy in 2007 , and was roundly whipped by his own party for the attempt , was infuriated by the offer .
“ Me , put a bill in and he ’ll get behind it ? ” McCain asked .
“ Why does n’t the president put a bill in and I ’ll get behind it ? ”
In a world where the economy was in turmoil and populist anger was percolating , Obama ’s suggestion looked to McCain more like an invitation to political self - immolation , especially in Arizona , where McCain faced a reelection campaign in 2010 with a volatile electorate sliding toward tea -party politics .
The exchange stoked lingering feelings over all that had happened in 2008 : the economic collapse that stole his thunder , the bickering in his campaign , the press ’s abandoning him , how the choice of Sarah Palin threw his judgment into question .
He sees Obama less as the leader of all the people than a man who beat him , with a few lucky breaks .
“ He ’s angry at Obama , at former staff , at his family life , at his fellow Americans , ” says a veteran Republican strategist who has worked closely with McCain .
“ He ’s angry . ”
Photo : Ron Edmonds / AP
From the first , there has been a sense of urgency in this campaign that was absent from his presidential run .
McCain told friends early on that he did n’t want to “ go out like Barry Goldwater , ” his Arizona predecessor in the Senate , who barely eked out his last reelection bid .
Though no credible candidate had yet appeared to challenge him , McCain harbored a healthy paranoia .
In addition to hiring a campaign manager in Arizona to keep tabs on the ground game , he retained the core of his presidential - campaign team , including GOP consultants Rick Davis and Charlie Black and veteran aide and speechwriter Mark Salter .
McCain ’s fears began to materialize in the form of J. D. Hayworth , the former Arizona congressman turned right - wing radio - talk - show host , who began hammering McCain for supporting the bank bailouts , exploiting growing populist anger in Arizona .
Hayworth galled the senator by mocking McCain ’s radio advertisements on the air and naming him “ Weenie of the Week . ”
It had the intended effect : “ I ’m sick of him bashing me on the air , ” McCain groused to a staffer .
This past November , a Rasmussen Reports poll appeared showing Hayworth within two percentage points of McCain in a virtual Senate race .
McCain was “ freaked out , ” says a person close to him , and he convened a meeting of his advisers .
“ Everybody ’s head was on fire , ” says the person , describing McCain as “ nervous and jumpy . ”
Sensing his boss ’s anxiety , Davis promised they ’d take out Hayworth early and fast .
When McCain gets nervous , he speed - dials friends for advice .
And that fall , he even called his former top strategist , John Weaver , to ask his opinion .
Weaver and McCain had had a bitter falling out in 2007 , precipitating the near collapse of his presidential campaign , after which McCain put Davis in charge .
Weaver warned McCain that he should ignore Hayworth , that he was training too much attention on a guy who had only 30,000 listeners and appealed to a segment that would never vote for McCain anyway , namely the hard - core anti-immigration wing .
Weaver ’s advice was far from unique .
Even one of McCain ’s oldest and dearest friends , his POW bunkmate at the Hanoi Hilton , Orson Swindle , advised McCain to “ just ignore him .
That was my idea . ”
But McCain needed to train his ire on someone .
And though Hayworth had n’t officially announced he was running , McCain ’s people agitated for an FEC complaint over Hayworth ’s alleged abuse of radio airwaves to promote a political run , hoping to intimidate him .
Grant Woods , a lawyer and now senior adviser on McCain ’s campaign , thought it was rash and advised McCain to wait and see if they could privately dissuade Hayworth from running instead .
“ Many of us thought there would be some value in trying to explore at least some kind of détente , try to keep him out of the race in some way , ” says Woods .
“ John was never of that opinion .
He basically wanted to punch the guy in the face from day one .
And nothing ’s changed . ”
Some of McCain ’s friends questioned the advice he was getting from his D.C. advisers , Davis and Black .
“ He makes emotional decisions , ” says a GOP strategist who has worked closely with McCain .
“ If he says , ‘ I want to do X , ’ they ’re like , ‘ Let ’s go do X on steroids . ’
It ’s exactly what he does not need . ”
But there was something more than just McCain ’s pent - up anger at work .
Many in Arizona point to another factor : McCain ’s pent - up money , over $ 20 million left from his failed presidential bid .
That account could be used to fund millions in TV and radio ads in Arizona and , depending on the arrangement , McCain ’s advisers could also profit .
J. D. Hayworth , a loudmouth who angered and disgusted their boss , was someone to spend it on .
By training his firepower at Hayworth , McCain gave him credibility he might not otherwise have had , which many see as a strategic blunder .
When Hayworth announced he was leaving his radio show , McCain was so high - strung he could n’t even listen , having an aide relay sound bites as they came over the radio .
“ Go back and listen , ” he said , sitting alone and speed - dialing for advice .
By setting himself up against Hayworth , McCain was locked into a fight for the tea - party vote — essentially a race to the right , one in which McCain would be hobbled by his past positions .
There was intense internal debate among McCain ’s advisers in the fall of 2009 about whether McCain should even appear at a tea - party rally .
McCain ’s chief of staff , Mark Buse , was terrified of McCain getting booed off the stage and having the image go into cable - TV rotation .
Until March , his advisers repeatedly refused to let McCain appear at one .
The most complicated decision McCain had to face involved his own political Frankenstein monster .
Until the fall , McCain was n’t sure Sarah Palin , his political creation and now a catalyst for the tea party , was going to be politically advantageous for him .
When asked by an adviser to reach out to her last summer , McCain growled that “ it ’s not the right time . ”
And as her book , Going Rogue , was about to launch in November , it looked like it might be too late .
When asked by advisers to recruit her in the fight against Hayworth , McCain complained , “ She wo n’t even return my calls . ”
Photo : Shawn
Thew / EPA / Landov
That ’s because a feud was boiling between Palin and McCain ’s former advisers from his presidential campaign .
In a conference call the week before the book hit stores , McCain urged former advisers like Steve Schmidt and Nicolle Wallace not to fight Palin in public , fearing a media spectacle would taint his chances .
Davis said it would only help her sell more books .
Salter , a close friend to Schmidt , urged McCain to show support for his former colleagues in the face of Palin ’s allegations .
McCain , convinced he needed Palin , was trying to avoid Salter ’s calls four days before the book hit stores .
“ He ’s going to yell at me , ” he complained to aides .
Faced with a conflict between loyalty and strategy , the past and the present , McCain was n’t just avoiding a media feud .
He was about to finish dismantling the carefully constructed political identity Salter had been nurturing over the last decade .
An Iowa native with the brooding mien of a black - Irish poet and an abiding love for tragic literary heroes , Mark Salter began as a freelance speechwriter for McCain in the late eighties .
Dubbed by politicos as McCain ’s “ alter ego , ” he took a central role in McCain ’s life when he co-wrote the 1999 McCain memoir , Faith of My Fathers .
In that book and the 2002 follow - up , Worth the Fighting For , Salter helped create a narrative arc from McCain ’s patrimony as the son of Navy admirals , through his horrific POW internment during Vietnam , to his humiliating role in the Charles Keating savings - and - loan scandal and his phoenixlike resurrection , roping McCain ’s haphazard life into a noble political profile .
His hallowed view of his boss , say friends , was rooted in Salter ’s relationship to his own father , a veteran of both World War II and the Korean War .
When a reporter once asked Salter about McCain ’s modesty in how he discussed his POW years , Salter noted that it was “ perfectly consistent with the way my father talked about his war experience . ”
Salter was “ almost like a son to John , ” says Orson Swindle .
“ He ’s very protective of John , perhaps to a fault .
He ’s extremely smart and obviously a good writer . ”
But McCain did n’t necessarily see his own life the way Salter did .
In fact , McCain ’s writings from the seventies admitted to almost no personal change after his release from prison , as he appeared to repress emotional fallout and instead famously flew to Rio a year after his release because you “ have a better chance of getting laid , ” as he once told a fellow POW , later divorcing his wife to marry the wealthy blonde heiress Cindy Lou Hensley .
A military psychologist , examining McCain after his five - and - a - half - year imprisonment , concluded that he had a “ histrionic pattern of personality adjustment , ” meaning he needed attention .
But Salter ’s McCain was how McCain wanted voters to see him and how he needed to see himself : as dignified and honorable , a man worthy of his forefathers .
The book transformed him into a kind of Washington contradiction : a politician for whom offhanded gaffes only improved his integrity , more barnacles on the romantic old battleship .
McCain even seemed to get a pass on calling the Vietnamese “ gooks ” 25 years after Americans were evacuated from Saigon .
“ For an extended period of time , he was the most popular politician in America , ” says a former McCain adviser who admires Salter .
“ And the person , above all others , who was most responsible for it was Mark Salter , period . ”
Salter worked hand in glove with McCain ’s longtime strategist , John Weaver , a rangy Texan who encouraged McCain ’s independent streak and built political strategy to fit Salter ’s mythmaking .
But in 2007 , as McCain was preparing to run for president for the second time , Weaver became ensnared in an intense battle with a competing McCain adviser , Rick Davis .
After a series of fights over the direction of the campaign ( with Salter attempting to moderate on behalf of Weaver ) , Weaver lost a power struggle and left the campaign in disappointment , a major crack in McCain ’s universe .
And Salter’s .
It was the first time his idealized conception of McCain , a man for whom loyalty was supposedly a paramount virtue , was seriously tarnished .
Salter wanted McCain to get out of the race gracefully , but McCain did n’t take his advice .
Instead , McCain regrouped and appointed Davis , a man more interested in winning than in McCain ’s soul , his new campaign manager .
Though deeply rattled by the experience , Salter decided he ’d come too far to quit .
“ It was hard for me to leave , ” says Weaver .
“ In hindsight , it was probably harder for Mark to stay .
Mark chose a different path .
I ’m not going to judge it . ”
Davis helped McCain win the Republican primary .
When McCain ’s advisers converged on Sarah Palin as a running mate , Salter opposed the choice , fearing she would tarnish McCain ’s image .
But McCain ’s come - from - behind nomination had solidified his faith in Davis , and Salter ’s idea ( Tim Pawlenty ) was overruled .
Photo : Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images ( McCain ) ; Wikimedia Commons ( McCain 's father and grandfather ) ; Emmanuel Dunand / AFP / Getty Images ( Davis ) ; Robyn Beck / AFP / Getty Images ( Salter )
If the emotional fallout from the loss to Barack Obama was sublimated for McCain , it was n’t so with Salter , who retreated to a cottage on the Maine coast and began a period of existential rumination over the direction of his life , say friends and associates .
One Washington friend worried that he was falling “ into this place of anger and sadness that he would not be able to get back from . ”
After the chaos and dysfunction of the campaign , Salter made an important personal decision :
He would continue to write speeches for McCain , and collect a check , but he would no longer fight McCain on political matters .
He wanted to try his hand at writing fiction .
“ There are fewer people who are willing to stand up and speak truth to power and tell McCain he ’s being an asshole , ” says an ex-staffer in McCain ’s 2008 campaign .
“ And the chief person who did that is Mark Salter — and if you do that for long enough , you lose your capacity to fight .
You ’re totally exhausted by it . ”
With Salter receding ( and Schmidt and Weaver , both of whom had been committed to Salter ’s vision of McCain , gone ) , McCain became a simpler creature .
To a person , ex-advisers and staffers to John McCain describe the same man : Impulsive , emotional , dependent to a fault on the advice of others , but unwilling or unable to resolve infighting , he lets mismanagement corrupt his best intentions , winning elections and congressional victories almost despite himself .
“ One thing McCain simply will not do is come down on one side or another when he ’s got conflicts among staffers and advisers , ” says a former adviser in Arizona .
“ That ’s a bad problem . ”
The presidential campaign had magnified these weaknesses , leaving a trail of wounded and disillusioned McCain aides who felt they ’d seen the worst of American politics , the heart of McCain ’s darkness .
One former McCain insider says the election left a “ cancer on their souls . ”
The cycle of dysfunction continues even today :
In May , McCain ’s Arizona campaign manager , Shiree Verdone , left over internal disputes with Mark Buse , so irate that she refused for a time to take McCain ’s phone calls .
( Through a spokesperson , she declined to comment . )
“ He ’s angry at Obama , at former staff , at his fellow Americans , ” says a strategist .
“ He ’s angry . ”
In the last three years , the one adviser who has survived , and even thrived , is Rick Davis .
A veteran lobbyist and consultant known for jet - setting with his wealthy Russian and Middle East clientele , he is gregarious and sociable and easygoing , the opposite of Salter , the taciturn chain - smoker whose best friends are reporters .
( Davis did n’t return calls . )
The choice of Palin as McCain ’s vice - presidential nominee , encouraged and vetted by Davis , seemed to crystallize his influence , for better or worse .
And as panic overtook McCain in early 2010 , it would be Davis who channeled it into a tactical short game , advising him to co-opt Hayworth ’s political turf by tacking into his positions , out - tea - partying Hayworth on immigration .
Consequently , McCain ’s Arizona tail wagged his Washington dog : McCain would soon reverse or greatly reel in his previous positions on torture , on cap and trade , on gays in the military , and , finally , crucially , on immigration .
“ Rick Davis carries the most influence with John , ” says a McCain intimate .
“ Salter ’s on the outside . ”
Thus began the lurch to the right that has so captivated national media — the ones he used to call “ my base ” — and horrified the liberals who took McCain as an example of the right kind of conservative .
But others defend him .
“ Does John McCain move around occasionally on issues ? ” asks Wes Gullett , a former McCain aide in Arizona and longtime supporter .
“ Yes .
He ’s fighting a fight .
He ’s a fighter .
He goes to the sound of the battle . ”
But McCain did n’t always like the sound he was hearing .
An adviser in Arizona who knows McCain well says , “ He does n’t like doing what he ’s doing . ”
Which , for this person and several I spoke with , makes McCain ’s transparent pandering all the more confusing : “ If ever there was a political environment in which you want to be a maverick , this is it , ” he says .
“ Why would he choose this time , with all the dynamics going on in the election , to deny what everyone knows is true ?
Sometimes he just checks out and you wonder what the hell is going on . ”
McCain seemed to be wondering , too .
When Massachusetts Republican Scott Brown won Ted Kennedy ’s old seat and agreed to campaign for McCain in Arizona , McCain could hardly believe he needed a political neophyte from the Northeast to help him draw crowds in his own state , especially one who had declined McCain ’s invitation to campaign for him in Massachusetts ( fearing McCain ’s Establishment taint ) .
After a rally at Grand Canyon University , McCain was annoyed when Brown tried giving him campaign advice while they drove in a car together .
Three nights later , Brown and McCain were scheduled to have dinner , but McCain canceled .
But the Republican Party was emboldened by the Brown win .
And in the Senate , Mitch McConnell , minority leader from Kentucky , conscripted McCain as a lead voice in the Republicans ’
“ Party of No ” stance toward the Obama administration .
In January , Harry Reid articulated what many observers were thinking : “ My amazement has been John McCain .
I thought he ’d turn out to be a statesman , work for things .
He is against everything . ”
Last February , some McCain allies became concerned .
Senator Lindsey Graham , perhaps McCain ’s closest compatriot in the Senate , worried that McCain was undermining his reputation as a deal - maker by following in lockstep with McConnell .
Graham asked John Weaver if he and Mark Salter could talk to McCain , according to a person briefed on the conversation .
Weaver called McCain , this person says , urging him to “ stay away from every time there ’s an anti-Obama movement on the floor and they drag you out like some prop . ”
A couple of days later , McCain called Weaver back and told him his advisers wanted him to lead in opposing health care .
And McCain did exactly that , acting as a lead critic during Obama ’s televised health - care summit in late February , where Obama chided McCain that “ the election is over . ”
( “ I ’m reminded of that every day ” was McCain ’s retort . )
The exchange fanned McCain ’s grievances over his election loss , and his legendary temper would occasionally flare up during his campaigning .
McCain spokesperson Brooke Buchanan , who shadows him everywhere and writes his Twitter feed , would have to temper his rage when he came off as too harsh or bitter .
During one event last spring , she told him , “ You ca n’t do that , you ’ve got to stop it . ”
“ Was I really bad ? ” he asked .
“ Yeah , you ca n’t be that way . ”
Then , in March , an Arizona rancher named Robert Krentz was shot and killed , allegedly by Mexican drug smugglers , igniting the immigration debate .
Senator Graham says he realized right away that McCain was in trouble .
“ I said , ‘ Oh , shit , ’ ” says Graham .
“ This is just gasoline on a fire . ”
Hayworth pounced on the border issue and began going after McCain ’s past advocacy for immigrant workers .
McCain dove to the right , countering with a TV advertisement featuring himself walking alongside a popular Arizona sheriff , evincing concern about securing the border with a giant fence .
“ Complete the danged fence ! ” growls McCain , looking uncomfortable .
The ad was a disaster .
Everyone knew McCain had never been a strong advocate of a fence , and his own campaign staffers felt he came off looking phony .
But when anyone questioned the campaign ’s course , McCain defended his new guru .
“ Rick Davis , the guy who got me the presidential nomination , you know him ? ” he ’d snap sarcastically .
“ He knows everything . ”
McCain hardly had time to think about what any of this was doing to his reputation .
Weekend after weekend , he was driving from town hall to parade to VFW , greeting sparse crowds of 40 , 50 , 60 people , like he was stumping for his political life .
“ I did n’t work this hard in the presidential race , ” he told an aide .
“ I ca n’t believe how hard I ’m working . ”
Desperate to hold on to his base in Arizona , McCain seemed intent on proving that his maverick days were behind him .
His best chance presented itself in April , when the governor of Arizona , Jan Brewer , signed the controversial Senate Bill 1070 , which requires immigrants to carry papers showing their legal status and allows law enforcement to pull over suspected illegals .
Salter was adamantly against it .
In the past , when McCain came under pressure for his immigration stance , he told people he was a “ big boy ” and could “ take it . ”
But with political heat rising , he reversed course .
Blaming the federal government for lack of action , McCain embraced the law as the only thing left to do in fighting Mexican drug cartels run amok , even if statistics were showing that violent crime was down last year .
In May , Mark Salter left his home in suburban Virginia to spend the next five months — almost the entirety of John McCain ’s campaign — holed up in a cottage in Castine , Maine , a quaint village on Penobscot Bay .
Salter rarely sees McCain anymore , as he readily admitted when I went to see him .
While he once spent fourteen hours a day in McCain ’s D.C. office as his chief of staff , he is no longer the last voice McCain hears before passing judgment on major issues , his input restricted to e-mails , conference calls , and the occasional phone conversations .
“ I ’m indebted to him , ” says Salter .
“ I will be for the remainder of my life .
Outside my marriage and the birth of my children , going to work for him was the most determinant of my life and the most beneficial .
And nobody will ever accuse me of not being grateful . ”
But Salter also seems to hang on out of financial inertia .
He gets paid a $ 12,000 monthly retainer to write speeches and commencement addresses , something he can do in his sleep after twenty years , but it ’s less than half of his income .
As Salter well knows , McCain ’s political life is winding down , and he ’s already begun migrating away from McCain Inc .
In addition to corporate speechwriting , he worked briefly with John Weaver on the gubernatorial campaign of Massachusetts independent Tim Cahill .
Friends of both Salter and McCain argue over whether Salter has entered his post - McCain life or McCain his post - Salter life .
But nobody who knows him believes Salter is pleased with what ’s happening .
“ He ’s in a hard place now , ” says a friend .
“ Because he knows what ’s going on right now is not right . ”
Salter , as a paid employee of John McCain for Senate , is obligated to disagree , and he does , strenuously at times .
Though he admits that he and Davis are different , he says he has n’t fought him .
“ I ca n’t think of any advice I ’ve heard Rick give [ McCain ] that I have disagreed with , ” he says .
“ Does the John McCain I see yesterday seem to be a substantially different human being than I ’ve known for 22 years ? ” he asks .
“ Nope . ”
In defending the man he loves , Salter invariably blames the media :
The press abandoned him as Obama shifted the entire political field to the left , making it look like McCain was a hardened partisan when , in fact , only his emphasis had changed , not his core positions .
“ Nobody ever factors in the human dimension , ” he complains .
“ [ Politicians ] are like everybody else :
They try , they screw up a little , they ’re lucky sometimes , they ’re unlucky sometimes .
They try again .
Nobody takes it into account .
There ’s a motive to everything !
Who lives their lives that way ?
It ’s Hollywood . ”
Salter , of course , invented a different Hollywood version of McCain , one in which McCain courageously resisted the tide when it was n’t popular and bucked his own party on principle .
And now that movie is over .
John McCain sits stock - still , eyes shadowed by his wiry eyebrows , hair combed down slick and straight , mouth turned down in grim resolve .
On a stage in a high - school auditorium in Mesa , Arizona , against the backdrop of a 30 - foot American flag , this is what a statue of Senator John Sidney McCain III might look like : Veteran .
Hero . Maverick .
The problem is that he ’s sitting next to Mitt Romney , who , at six foot two , towers over him like a tanned and gleaming giant .
McCain looks like Ed McMahon to Romney ’s Johnny Carson , quietly affirming whatever Romney says , nodding and mouthing the word “ Beautiful ” after Romney gives a soliloquy about the American spirit .
McCain detested Romney in the 2008 primary , but now he needs his star power to draw the biggest crowd he ’s had since Palin was in town .
This is politics — this is how you win .
But some have questions .
“ There are two John McCains , ” muses an old friend of the senator’s .
“ The one I love is a very big man , and he ’s willing to take on big issues in a big way .
Then there ’s another side of John , he ’ll admit , that is petty and angry and petulant and small , and that side has overtaken the other one . ”
A former adviser , echoing the sentiment of a lot of McCain ’s allies , feels Rick Davis has turned Mark Salter ’s vision of McCain “ into melted clay . ”
But advisers can only explain so much .
In fact , there ’s a case to be made that McCain has n’t really changed at all — maybe saying he never considered himself a maverick is just another maverick move .
And , for many reasons , losing is the most intolerable thing .
In Faith of My Fathers , we learn that both John McCain ’s grandfather and his father , John Sidney “ Slew ” McCain Sr. and John Sidney McCain Jr. , did not fare well upon retirement .
His grandfather expressed disappointment when told the Japanese had surrendered .
“ I feel lost , ” he said .
“ I do n’t know what to do .
I do n’t know whether I know how to relax or not .
I ’m in an awful letdown . ”
He promptly dropped dead on the living - room floor the day after he returned home in 1945 .
McCain ’s father , who retired from the Navy in 1972 , descended into despair and illness and died at age 70 .
Friends of McCain say that in the recesses of his brain is a mortal fear of retirement .
Engaging in daily battles is all he ’s ever known .
“ Torture for John McCain is putting him on the burner and not letting him do anything , ” says Lindsey Graham .
People who have spent years with McCain say he has always been emotionally remote , virtually alone even while surrounded by staffers .
When he calls his own mother , he announces , “ Hi , Mother , this is John McCain . ”
And McCain has also begun thinking about his legacy .
He recognizes , says a person who has spoken with him about it , that political life is fleeting , that he could one day be forgotten .
It scares him .
At this point , losing to J. D. Hayworth would be too much for McCain to bear , especially after all he ’s sacrificed to prevent it .
“ That ’s no way to go out , ” says Grant Woods , a longtime friend of McCain’s .
“ You do n’t live the life he ’s lived and lose to a goof like J. D. Hayworth . ”
Ironically , both McCain ’s opponent and his own supporters agree on one thing :
If he wins , he ’ll probably morph yet again , a lame - duck senator with nothing to lose , tacking left to reclaim his old mantle as a thorn in his party ’s side .
It ’s what friends like Graham envision for him .
“ What I hope will happen is that he ’ll be the force against excess and the person who can find that common ground we need to have as a nation .
That ’s what I hope will happen , and that ’s what I expect will happen . ”
“ Here ’s the question for John , ” Graham adds .
“ If he ’s asked to support comprehensive immigration reform , does he support it ? ”
That ’s anybody ’s guess .
But if Worth the Fighting For , McCain ’s 2002 book , is any guide , it ’s easy enough to imagine what he might say after November should he win reelection .
In that book , McCain admitted that in the 2000 presidential primary , he ’d supported South Carolina ’s right to fly the Confederate flag against his own belief that it was a symbol of racism .
“ I did n’t want to do this , ” he says .
“ But I could tell from the desperate looks of my staff that we had an enormous problem .
And that it could come down to lying or losing .
I chose lying . ”
( CNN ) -- Cattle carcasses dot the desert .
More beggars show up at street corners in the capital , Niamey .
These are indications that Niger is on the brink of catastrophe , say aid workers .
But few outside the country have noticed these signs in one of the world 's least developed nations .
And now an encroaching emergency caused by months of severe drought is threatening to leave 8 million people , or half the nation 's population , hungry .
The United Nations ' World Food Programme announced Tuesday that it is " massively scaling up " food distribution to people who have lost crops and livestock .
In this nomadic , pastoral nation , they are people who have lost everything .
" The drought in Niger is an unfolding catastrophe for millions of people and we are struggling against time to scale up quickly enough to reach the escalating number of hungry , " said Josette Sheeran , executive director for the U.N. agency .
Sheeran traveled to Niger to see the crisis for herself and saw a landlocked , drought - prone nation where hunger has been growing steadily since the last harvest in September 2009 .
" We are massively scaling up special nutritional help for children under two years of age , whose brains and bodies face permanent damage from acute malnutrition , " said Sheeran in a statement released Tuesday after her visit .
The agency said it aims to feed about 8 million people through the end of the year by distributing food rations that include a corn and soy supplement , a peanut paste and vitamin - fortified sugar and milk for children .
Earlier this month , 10 leading international aid agencies had called for a surge in the humanitarian response to the hunger crisis across the Sahel region of west and central Africa -- 2 million more people are threatened in Chad and thousands others in Mali , Mauritania , parts of Burkina Faso and northern Nigeria .
But Niger is at the heart .
And despite months of warnings , the money for emergency aid has been what aid agencies described as paltry .
The United Nations needs another $ 229 million to reach its recently revised target aid amount of $ 371 million .
The World Food Programme 's appeal follows a similar call by the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs , which earlier this month increased the aid requirement for Niger to $ 253 million from $ 191 million .
The food agency said it only has half the $ 213 million it needs to expand its feeding operation .
" I think it has been a really slow onset emergency , " said Johannes Schoors , chief of missions in Niger for the aid agency CARE International .
" We got very little response from donors . "
That 's partly because Niger 's has been an invisible problem so far .
There are not yet thousands of people starving .
Nor are there images of distended bellies and bones piercing out of flesh , as there were in the Sudan famine in the 1990s .
The markets still carry fresh fruit for those who can travel far and have deep pockets .
But , Schoors said , if things are allowed to go on this way , human suffering will become unbearable .
Schoors ' colleague Stephane Petitprez , CARE 's emergency director who just returned from 10 days in eastern Niger , said the people of Niger have no way to survive without their livestock .
Their future is dying with the animals .
" They have to start a new life , " she said .
But without rain , it will be difficult .
I just saw last weekend .
I ended up with a couple nice shots of it , nice aircraft to get pictures of ,
awesome plane anyway .
Did you know it has it's own facebook page ?
Robert Kubica has ended speculation about his future by signing a contract extension that is set to keep him with Renault until the end of 2012 .
The 25 - year - old has been in fine form this season and is currently lying sixth in the championship standings after securing two podium finishes .
His strong start to the campaign had led to interest from Ferrari .
But the Polish driver said : " It was a straightforward decision to continue with a team where I feel at home . "
Kubica , one of the most highly - rated drivers in Formula 1 , has only had one finish outside the top - 10 all year when he came 11th in the season - opening Bahrain Grand Prix .
606 : DEBATE
He has driven the wheels off the Renault all year and helped propel the team much closer to the front than many people expected after a disastrous 2009 - driver of the year so far for me
homercles
He finished second in Australia and third in Monaco while he finished fifth last time out in Valencia .
His impressive performances led to links with a move to Ferrari but hopes of a switch came to end when Brazilian Felipe Massa signed a new two - year deal in June .
" What 's important for me is to be in the right atmosphere , with a good group of people , where everybody is pulling in the same direction , " he added .
" This is what we have tried to build from the beginning of my time with Renault .
" I think we have already achieved a lot together , and I believe that with plenty of effort , time and the right approach , we can move even further forward .
" That is certainly our target , so we will keep working hard and pushing on every front , not just for the rest of this season but also for next year when there are more big rule changes on the way .
" I am really looking forward to the challenge . "
Renault team principal Eric Boullier said he was relieved to end the speculation over Kubica 's future .
" We are delighted that Robert will remain with us for the next two seasons and I would like to thank him for the faith he has shown in this team , " stated Boullier .
Kubica replaced Fernando Alonso at Renault " There have been many rumours surrounding his future in recent weeks , which were a tribute to how well he has driven this year , and we are very happy to have agreed a multi - year deal .
" Our clear goal is to become title contenders over the next two years .
To do so , we need a driver of Robert 's calibre : somebody who is fast , totally committed and does n't make mistakes .
" His performances during the first half of the 2010 season were flawless , and we hope to achieve great things together in the future . "
Kubica is in his first season with Renault after three full campaigns with the BMW Sauber team , signing a one - year deal in the close season .
However , his future with the team was placed in immediate doubt following the sale to new owners in December last year .
He decided to stay following talks with private investment group Genii Capital , which owns 75 % of the team .
With BMW Sauber , Kubica finished fourth in the 2008 drivers ' championship - securing victory in the Canadian GP .
Last year he had an uncompetitive car and ended up 14th in the standings with 17 points .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Frank Williams has handed day - to - day control of his Formula 1 team to former chief operating officer Adam Parr , but will continue in his role as team principal .
Williams confirmed on Thursday that Parr , who joined the team in 2006 , has taken over as chairman of Williams Grand Prix Engineering Limited , with Alex Burns , formerly chief operating officer , taking up the position of CEO .
Williams , 68 , stressed that he has no plans to retire and will remains committed to the team on a full - time basis .
" I wish to emphasise very strongly that this is absolutely not my notice of impending retirement , " he told reporters at Silverstone .
" I love Formula 1 , I have a strong involvement in the company and go to work every day .
When I 'm going to retire has n't crossed my mind . "
Parr , who has played a key role in the development of the team over the past four years , added that Williams will remain a crucial part of the team .
" I am taking over the responsibility for the overall running of the company and the team within that , but Frank remains team principal and therefore remains the name , face and inspiration of the team .
" It 's an enormous responsibility because Williams is a great company .
Frank has been competing in F1 since 1969 and Williams Grand Prix Engineering Ltd since 1977 and the goal is to be doing that for decades to come .
" Part of the good order of company is to have a succession plan in place and Frank has made it clear what it is .
I am very honoured to be part of it . "
Williams emphasised that there will be no change either to the shareholding structure of the team , or to the technical department .
Co-owner Patrick Head remains as director of engineering , with Sam Michael as technical director .
He also pointed to Parr as representing the long - term future of the team , although the new Williams chairman ruled out ever taking up the position of team principal .
" He is most definitely the right man to carry the company forward when I eventually do leave the company , " said Williams .
Linda Lingle , the Hawaii governor who vetoed a civil unions bill last week , has compared them to condoning incest .
The bill had passed both houses and would have given both straight and gay couples the right to have their partnerships recognised with all the rights of marriage .
However , Ms Lingle blocked it , saying she thought the move was “ essentially same - sex marriage by another name ” and added that the decision was “ so important it should be decided by the people ” .
Speaking last Thursday morning on Rick Hamada ’s radio show , she was apparently unaware that first cousins are permitted to marry in the state .
She said : “ For those people who want to make this into a civil rights issue , and of course those in favour of the bill , they see it as a civil rights issue .
And I understand them drawing that conclusion .
“ But people on the other side would point out , well , we do n’t allow other people to marry even — it ’s not a civil right for them .
First cousins could n’t marry , or a brother and a sister and that sort of thing .
“ So there are restrictions , not to put it in the exact same category .
But the bottom line is , it really ca n’t be a civil right if we are restricting it in other cases , and it ’s been found to be legal in those other cases , that the restrictions [ are constitutional ] . ”
According to the Honolulu Civil Beat , one caller questioned why Ms Lingle was apparently unaware of her own state ’s laws on marriage and the Health Department confirms that first cousins may marry .
Lambda Legal and the American Civil Liberties Union of Hawaii have said they will sue the state over the veto and have readied a lawsuit .
Laurie Temple , staff attorney for the ACLU , said : “ We ’re obviously disappointed that Governor Lingle has , once again , used her power to deny the people of Hawaii their civil rights .
“ Luckily for the people of Hawaii , however , our constitution prevents discrimination based on sexual orientation .
If the governor wo n’t honour her oath to uphold the constitution , the courts will . ”
Whatever you think of the war in Afghanistan , there is no denying that the recent reports of rampant financial corruption going on even at the highest levels of Afghanistan ’s government are extremely troubling .
The United States has spent billions upon billions of dollars to help Afghanistan set up a “ democracy ” , but now there is news that corrupt government officials have been shipping billions and billions of dollars out of the country and have been buying luxury villas in Dubai .
Apparently many Afghan officials have decided to achieve “ the American Dream ” the same way that many U.S. politicians have achieved it – by lying , cheating and stealing .
The Wall Street Journal recently reported that over three billion dollars in cash has been flown out of Kabul International Airport in recent years .
Considering the fact that this is far more than the Afghan government collects in tax and customs revenue annually , it is obvious that there is a huge , huge , huge problem with corruption in Afghanistan .
Much of the cash being shipped out of the country is from the drug trade , but the narcotics money does not account for all of it .
Investigators allege that a significant portion of this money that is being shipped out of the country is actually aid money that comes directly from U.S. taxpayers .
One U.S. official who is investigating corruption and Taliban financing recently gave his bleak assessment of what is going on … .
“ A lot of this looks like our tax dollars being stolen .
And opium , of course . ”
The truth is that rampant , in - your - face corruption is going on in a country that we are currently occupying militarily and that we are spending hundreds of billions of dollars to supposedly try to bring democracy to .
Afghan officials are n’t even trying to hide it .
As Der Spiegel described recently , this corruption is going on right out in the open … .
Brigadier General Mohammed Asif Jabarkhel sits with folded arms in his office , just a few steps away from the security checkpoint at Kabul International Airport .
“ Of course I know what ’s going on here , ” the 59 - year - old head of the airport ’s customs police grumbles from beneath his thick moustache as a fan whirs in the background .
“ But , in this country , who ’s allowed to speak the truth ? ”
Jabarkhel is referring to the huge amounts of money regularly being secreted out of Afghanistan by plane in boxes and suitcases .
According to some estimates , since 2007 , at least $ 3 billion ( €2.4 billion ) in cash has left the country in this way .
The preferred destination for these funds is Dubai , the tax haven in the Persian Gulf .
You know , there is just one major airport in the capital of Afghanistan .
How hard would it be for the U.S. military to get a handle on what is going on at that one airport ?
What in the world are we accomplishing anyway ?
Are we there to keep corrupt Afghan officials safe enough so that they can smuggle billions of U.S. taxpayer dollars out of the country and buy luxury villas in Dubai ?
While the corrupt Afghan government officials live the high life , U.S. soldiers are paying the price .
In fact , the violence in that nation is rapidly getting worse .
It was recently reported that a majority of all combat - related U.S. casualties in the nine - year - long war in Afghanistan have occurred since Barack Obama was inaugurated about a year and a half ago .
So now there have been more U.S. casualties in Afghanistan under Obama than there were under George W. Bush .
Is n’t that wonderful ?
But now Obama even wants to send U.S. civilians to Afghanistan .
During a recent speech in Racine , Wisconsin , Obama called for sending a “ civilian expeditionary force ” to Afghanistan and Iraq to help “ overburdened ” U.S. military forces build infrastructure .
And yet Obama denies that we are engaged in “ nation building ” .
Considering the fact that U.S. cities such as Detroit now look like bombed - out war zones , should n’t we be devoting our resources to building up our own infrastructure ?
No , we have to send billions to Afghanistan instead so that corrupt government officials can steal it and ship it out of the country .
The previously referenced article in Der Spiegel summed up the situation this way ….
It is clear that much more money is making its way out of Afghanistan through Kabul ’s airport than is being officially declared and logged .
For example , important politicians and businesspeople can often board planes from the airport ’s special VIP area without being searched .
And if customs officials do conduct a search and find a suitcase stuffed with millions of dollars in cash , people with powerful connections often step in to make sure that the luggage makes it out of the country with its owner — no questions asked .
“ A couple phone calls are made , ” General Jabarkhel says with frustration in his voice , “ and the person can carry on . ”
Meanwhile , the United States continues to spend mind - boggling amounts of money to keep Afghanistan safe and secure .
According to a report from the Pentagon to the U.S. House of Representatives , it costs the United States $ 1 million per year for each U.S. soldier in Afghanistan .
In addition , it has come out that the U.S. military spends about $ 400 per gallon of gasoline in Afghanistan .
Why is it so expensive ?
Well , Afghanistan is a landlocked nation .
In order to get gasoline to U.S. forces operating in remote regions , it often has to be sent by helicopter .
But sending gasoline by helicopter is incredibly inefficient .
So needless to say , the U.S. military is burning up massive amounts of money in Afghanistan .
But that is nothing when compared to the sacrifices that the dead and wounded U.S. soldiers have made .
So how is the Afghanistan government repaying us ?
They are taking our aid money and buying expensive villas in Dubai with it as Der Spiegel recently detailed ….
A number of Afghan businesspeople have purchased expensive villas in Dubai , once only attractive as a golfer ’s paradise .
These include a brother and a cousin of Afghan President Hamid Karzai , one of Karzai ’s former vice presidents and the brother of Mohammad Qasim Fahim , one of the country ’s two current vice presidents .
Asking prices for the stylish , Roman - style houses built along the beaches of the man-made island Palm Jumeirah , for example , start at $ 2 million .
Until just a few years ago , many of their current inhabitants were far from wealthy .
As the Washington Post has discovered , these properties are often only registered under the names of the individuals issuing the loans , such as Sherkhan Farnood , the founder and chairman of Kabul Bank , Afghanistan ’s largest private bank , who was also a key supporter of President Karzai during his 2009 re-election campaign .
Like many of his clients , Farnood now spends the majority of his time in Dubai .
And among the 16 shareholders in his bank are Mahmoud Karzai , the president ’s business - minded older brother , and Haseen Fahim , the brother of Afghan Vice President Mohammad Qasim Fahim .
Are you angry yet ?
Perhaps we should let these corrupt Afghan officials pick up arms and start defending their own country against the Taliban .
Perhaps then they would not have so much time to be running around buying luxury villas in Dubai .
Image caption London protesters marched from Downing Street to the Israeli Embassy
The new UK coalition government is expected to say it has approved £ 19 m of aid money for the UN operation in Gaza .
It is likely to be spent on medical equipment and basic food supplies .
The money had already been earmarked but the timing of the announcement , expected on Monday , is significant , BBC Gaza correspondent Jon Donnison said .
It follows heightened scrutiny of Israel 's blockade of the Palestinian territory after an aid ship was stormed six days ago , leaving nine dead .
Meanwhile on Saturday , thousands of people protested in London and Edinburgh about the incident and Israeli soldiers said they had boarded another ship peacefully and did not meet any resistance on the Irish - owned Rachel Corrie .
We urgently need to see unfettered access to Gaza to meet the humanitarian needs of the people of Gaza William Hague , Foreign Secretary Thousands join city Gaza protest
Foreign Secretary William Hague has repeated his calls for an investigation into Monday 's storming of the Turkish aid ship .
Mr Hague said : " We continue to stress to the Israeli government the importance of an investigation that ensures accountability and commands the confidence of the international community , and includes international participation . "
He added : " We urgently need to see unfettered access to Gaza to meet the humanitarian needs of the people of Gaza and to enable the reconstruction of homes , livelihoods and trade .
That is why we continue to press the government of Israel to lift Gaza 's closure .
" I am also discussing these issues urgently with our international partners . "
Israel says the flotilla the Turkish ship was part of was breaking a blockade put in force to prevent arms smuggling to Gaza .
It says it repeatedly said the boats would not be allowed to reach the territory .
The Metropolitan Police said about 2,000 people took part in Saturday 's demonstration in central London but organisers put the number at 20,000 .
The protest included a march from Downing Street to the Israeli embassy .
The marchers arriving at the embassy in Kensington , west London , numbered around 1,000 , BBC correspondent Greg Wood said .
Among the protesters was Sarah Colborne , 43 , of the Palestine Solidarity Campaign , who was aboard the Turkish Mavi Marmara Gaza aid ship where the activists died .
She spent almost two days in Israeli custody before coming back to Britain .
Meanwhile , police said about 2,000 people took part in a demonstration in Edinburgh , through the city centre from The Mound to the US consulate via Princes Street .
SNP MSP Sandra
White read out a message on behalf of First Minister Alex Salmond and the Scottish government .
It said : " The Scottish government condemns the Israeli authorities ' actions that resulted in the tragic loss of life on the Mavi Marmara .
" We have added Scotland 's voice to that of the wider international community in condemning it , and calling for the immediate lifting of the Israeli blockade of Gaza . "
Correction 18 August 2010 : The organisers of this demonstration informed us after initial publication that we incorrectly attributed the number of 5,000 to them and that they had said 20,000 people were present .
Seven people have been chosen to receive keys that , when used together from a secure location , can be used to " restart the world wide web " after a " catastrophic event . "
No , really .
This is what happens when you let nerds run everything :
The whole world turns into an extended Dungeons and Dragons campaign .
Seven specially - chosen people are now members of a " chain of trust " ; in the event of a catastrophe — like a terrorist attack , or Saruman joining forces with Sauron , or Barack Obama turning off the whole internet — five members of The Fellowship of the Internet must meet in a secure location " to recover the master key " and summon Captain Planet ( see above picture ) .
Your Seven Internet Keymasters are :
Paul Kane ( Great Britain )
Dan Kaminsky ( United States )
Jiankang Yao ( China )
Moussa Guebre ( Burkina Faso )
Bevil Wooding ( Trinidad and Tobago )
Ondrej Sury ( Czech Republic )
Norm Ritchie ( Canada )
I 'm not sure who is " the sexy one , " who is " the brooding one , " who is " the one who dies early on , " etc .
( Okay , okay , jokes aside , this is what 's really going on : A team of computer scientists has developed a security system called DNSSEC that 's intended to make sure that websites are what they say they are .
The selection of seven " keyholders " — the " keys " are actually swipe cards ; see below for a pic — is intended to reassure consumers that the system would continue to work even in the event of a major disaster .
It would only affect the websites using DNSSEC .
But it 's more fun to pretend the other stuff . )
[ BBC ; Guardian ; Popular Science ]
Audio and HUD cockpit view from Iraq of a F - 16 pilot fully loaded with ordinance on his way to a mission pulling some serious G forces evading multiple SAM launches .
A very close call ... You can see multiple SAM smoke trails from the cockpit .
Doom
And there were signs this week that some areas of the UK economy are already becoming vulnerable to a second shock .
A Bank of England report suggested British households are in store for a second credit crisis , with banks and building societies expecting to rein in lending yet again ; the recovery in house prices all but stalled in June , with prices rising just 0.1 pc according to Nationwide ; and the manufacturing PMI indicated a sharp slowdown in exports growth in June .
“ To this day I get letters , maybe every two years , from top players asking me : ‘ How do I quit ?
I want to quit like you did , and I ca n’t figure out how to do it , ’ ” he says .
“ I tell them that it ’s hard to go from being at the top of a field , because you really feel that way when you ’re playing chess and winning , to being at the bottom — and they need to prepare themselves for that . ”
He returned to M.I.T. , rushed through what he acknowledges was a mediocre doctoral dissertation , and then became a researcher at the Federal Reserve — where he said he had good role models who taught him how to be , at last , “ professional ” and “ serious . ”
Teaching stints followed , before the International Monetary Fund chose him as its chief economist in 2001 .
It was at the I.M.F. that he began collaborating with a relatively unfamiliar economist named Carmen Reinhart , whom he appointed as his deputy after admiring her work from afar .
MS. REINHART , 54 , is hardly a household name .
And , unlike Mr. Rogoff , she has never been hired by an Ivy League school .
But measured by how often her work is cited by colleagues and others , this woman whom several colleagues describe as a “ firecracker ” is , by a long shot , the most influential female economist in the world .
Like Mr. Rogoff , she took a circuitous route to her present position .
Born in Havana as Carmen Castellanos , she is quick - witted and favors bright , boldly printed blouses and blazers .
As a girl , she memorized the lore of pirates and their trade routes , which she says was her first exposure to the idea that economic fortunes — and state revenue in particular — “ can suddenly disappear without warning . ”
She also lived with more personal financial and social instability .
After her family fled Havana for the United States with just three suitcases when she was 10 , her father traded a comfortable living as an accountant for long , less lucrative hours as a carpenter .
Her mother , who had never worked outside the home before , became a seamstress .
“ Most kids do n’t grow up with that kind of real economic shock , ” she says .
“ But I learned the value of scarcity , and even the sort of tensions between East and West .
And at a very early age that had an imprint on me . ”
American businessman , Major League Baseball team owner
George Michael Steinbrenner III ( July 4 , 1930 – July 13 , 2010 ) was an American businessman who was the principal owner and managing partner of Major League Baseball 's New York Yankees .
During Steinbrenner 's 37 - year ownership from 1973 until his death in July 2010 , the longest in club history , the Yankees earned seven World Series titles and 11 pennants .
His outspokenness and role in driving up player salaries made him one of the sport 's most controversial figures .
Steinbrenner was also involved in the Great Lakes and Gulf Coast shipping industry .
Known as a hands - on baseball executive , Steinbrenner earned the nickname " The Boss " .
He had a tendency to meddle in daily on - field decisions , and to hire and fire ( and sometimes re-hire ) managers .
Former Yankees manager Dallas Green gave him the derisive nickname " Manager George " .
[ 1 ]
He died after suffering a heart attack in his Tampa home on the morning of July 13 , 2010 , the day of the 81st All - Star Game .
Early life and education [ edit ]
Steinbrenner was born in Rocky River , Ohio , [ 2 ] [ 3 ] the only son of Rita ( née Haley ) and Henry George Steinbrenner II .
His mother was an Irish immigrant who had changed her name from O'Haley to Haley . [ 4 ]
His father was of German descent , [ 5 ] [ 6 ] and had been a world - class track and field hurdler while at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , from which he graduated in engineering in 1927 , first in his class and a distinguished scholar in Naval architecture . [ 7 ] [ 8 ] [ 9 ]
The elder Steinbrenner later became a wealthy shipping magnate who ran the family firm operating freight ships hauling ore and grain on the Great Lakes .
George III was named after his paternal grandfather , George Michael Steinbrenner II . [ 7 ]
Steinbrenner had two younger sisters , Susan and Judy . [ 7 ]
At age nine , the elder Steinbrenner staked George to a couple of hundred chickens , and he peddled hens and their eggs door to door .
" I learned a lot about business from raising chickens , " he told Sports Illustrated .
" Half of my customers began buying because they were afraid of me . " [ 10 ]
Steinbrenner entered Culver Military Academy , in Northern Indiana , in 1944 , and graduated in 1948 .
He received his B.A. from Williams College in 1952 .
While at Williams , George was an average student who led an active extracurricular life .
He was a member of Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity .
He was an accomplished hurdler on the varsity track and field team , and served as sports editor of The Williams Record , played piano in the band , and played halfback on the football team in his senior year . [ 11 ]
He joined the United States Air Force after graduation , was commissioned a second lieutenant and was stationed at Lockbourne Air Force Base in Columbus , Ohio .
Following honorable discharge in 1954 , he did post - graduate study at Ohio State University ( 1954 –55 ) , earning his master 's degree in physical education .
He met his wife - to - be , Elizabeth Joan ( pronounced Jo - Ann ) Zieg , in Columbus , and married her on May 12 , 1956 . [ 11 ]
The couple had two sons , Hank and Hal , and two daughters , Jessica Steinbrenner and Jennifer Steinbrenner - Swindal .
The Steinbrenners also have numerous grandchildren .
All four of the Steinbrenners ' children eventually got divorced , some multiple times , resulting in several former - in - laws being removed from the Yankees ' management . [ 12 ]
Pre -Yankees career [ edit ]
While studying at Ohio State , he served as a graduate assistant to Buckeye football coach Woody Hayes . [ 13 ]
The Buckeyes were undefeated national champions that year , and won the Rose Bowl .
Steinbrenner served as an assistant football coach at Northwestern University in 1955 , and at Purdue University from 1956 to 1957 . [ 14 ] [ 15 ]
Steinbrenner joined Kinsman Marine Transit Company in 1957 , the Great Lakes shipping company that his great - grandfather Henry had purchased in 1901 from The Minch Transit Company , which was owned by a family relation , and renamed . [ 16 ]
Steinbrenner worked hard to successfully revitalize the company , which was suffering hardship during difficult market conditions .
In its return to profitability , Kinsman emphasized grain shipments over ore . [ 11 ]
A few years later , with the help of a loan from a New York bank , Steinbrenner purchased the company from his family .
He later became part of a group that purchased the American Shipbuilding Company , and , in 1967 , he became its chairman and chief executive officer .
By 1972 , the company 's gross sales were more than $ 100 million annually . [ 17 ]
In 1960 , against his father 's wishes , Steinbrenner entered the sports franchise business for the first time with basketball 's Cleveland Pipers , of the National Industrial Basketball League ( NIBL ) .
Steinbrenner had hired John McClendon , who became the first African American coach in professional basketball and persuaded Jerry Lucas to join his team instead of the rival National Basketball Association . [ 18 ] [ 19 ]
The Pipers switched leagues , to the new professional ABL in 1961 ; the new circuit was founded by Abe Saperstein , owner of the Harlem Globetrotters .
The league and its teams experienced financial problems , and McClendon resigned in protest halfway through the season .
However , the Pipers had won the first half of a split season .
Steinbrenner replaced McClendon with former Boston Celtics star Bill Sharman , and the Pipers won the ABL championship in 1961 – 62 .
The ABL folded in December 1962 , just months into its second season .
Steinbrenner and his partners lost significant money on the venture , but Steinbrenner paid off all of his creditors and partners over the next few years . [ 11 ]
With his burgeoning sports aspirations put on hold , Steinbrenner turned his attention to the theatre .
His involvement with Broadway began with a short - lived 1967 play , The Ninety Day Mistress , in which he partnered with another rookie producer , James M. Nederlander .
Whereas Nederlander threw himself into his family 's business full - time , Steinbrenner invested in a mere half - dozen shows , including the 1974 Tony Award nominee for Best Musical , Seesaw , and the 1988 Peter Allen flop , Legs Diamond . [ 20 ]
New York Yankees career [ edit ]
The Yankees had been struggling during their years under CBS ownership , which had acquired the team in 1965 .
In 1972 , CBS chairman William S. Paley told team president E. Michael Burke the media company intended to sell the club .
As Burke later told writer Roger Kahn , Paley offered to sell the franchise to Burke if he could find financial backing .
Steinbrenner , who had participated in a failed attempt to buy the Cleveland Indians from Vernon Stouffer one year earlier , [ 21 ] was brought together with Burke by veteran baseball executive Gabe Paul .
On January 3 , 1973 , Steinbrenner and minority partner Burke led a group of investors , which included Lester Crown , John DeLorean and Nelson Bunker Hunt , in purchasing the Yankees from CBS . [ 22 ]
For years , the selling price was reported to be $ 10 million .
However , Steinbrenner later revealed that the deal included two parking garages that CBS had bought from the city , and soon after the deal closed , CBS bought back the garages for $ 1.2 million .
The net cost to the group for the Yankees was therefore $ 8.8 million . [ 23 ]
The announced intention was that Burke would continue to run the team as club president .
But Burke later became angry when he found out that Paul had been brought in as a senior Yankee executive , reducing his authority , and quit the team presidency in April 1973 .
( Burke remained a minority owner of the club into the following decade , but as fellow minority owner John McMullen stated , " There is nothing in life quite so limited as being a limited partner of George Steinbrenner . " [ 24 ] ) Paul was officially named president of the club on April 19 .
It would be the first of many high - profile departures with employees who crossed paths with " The Boss " .
At the conclusion of the 1973 season , two more prominent names departed : manager Ralph Houk , who resigned and took a similar position with the Detroit Tigers ; and general manager Lee MacPhail , who became president of the American League .
The 1973 off - season would continue to be controversial when Steinbrenner and Paul fought to hire former Oakland Athletics manager Dick Williams , who had resigned immediately after leading the team to its second straight World Series title .
However , because Williams was still under contract to Oakland , the subsequent legal wrangling prevented the Yankees from hiring him .
On the first anniversary of the team 's ownership change , the Yankees hired former Pittsburgh Pirates manager Bill Virdon to lead the team on the field .
There is nothing in life quite so limited as being a limited partner of George Steinbrenner .
— Yankees minority owner John McMullen [ 24 ]
Steinbrenner quickly became famous for his rapid turnover of management personnel .
In his first 23 seasons , he changed managers 20 times ; Billy Martin alone was fired and rehired five times .
During his first 26 years with the club , he went through 13 publicity directors .
" The first time George fires you , it 's very traumatic , " oft - fired Yankees flack Harvey Greene said .
" The three or four times after that , it 's like , Great !
I 've got the rest of the day off . " [ 25 ]
He also employed 11 general managers over 30 years .
He was equally famous for pursuing high - priced free agents and then feuding with them .
In July 1978 , Billy Martin famously said of Steinbrenner and his $ 3 million outfielder Reggie Jackson , " The two were meant for each other .
One 's a born liar , and the other 's convicted . "
The comment resulted in Martin 's first departure , though officially he resigned ( tearfully ) , before Yankees President Al Rosen could carry out Steinbrenner 's dictum to fire him .
During the 1981 World Series , Steinbrenner provided a colorful backdrop to the Yankees ' loss of the series .
After a Game 3 loss in Los Angeles , Steinbrenner called a press conference in his hotel room , showing off his left hand in a cast and various other injuries that he claimed were earned in a fight with two Dodgers fans in the hotel elevator .
Nobody came forward about the fight , leading to the belief that he had made up the story of the fight to light a fire under the Yankees . [ 26 ]
After the series , he issued a public apology to the City of New York for his team 's performance , while at the same time assuring the fans that plans to put the team together for 1982 would begin immediately . [ 27 ]
He was criticized heartily by players and press alike for doing so , as most people felt losing in the World Series was not something requiring an apology . [ 28 ]
Facial hair policy [ edit ]
Steinbrenner enforced a military - style grooming code :
All players , coaches , and male executives were forbidden to display any facial hair other than mustaches ( except for religious reasons ) , and scalp hair could not be grown below the collar .
( Long sideburns and " mutton chops " were not specifically banned . )
The policy led to some unusual and comical incidents .
During the 1973 home opener against the Cleveland Indians , as the Yankees , caps removed , were standing at attention for the National Anthem , Steinbrenner , in the owner 's box next to the New York dugout , noticed that several players ' hair was too long for his standards .
As he did not yet know the players ' names , he wrote down the uniform numbers of the offenders ( Thurman Munson , Bobby Murcer , and Sparky Lyle ) , and had the list , along with the demand that their hair be trimmed immediately , delivered to Houk .
The order was reluctantly relayed to the players . [ 29 ]
In 1983 , at Steinbrenner 's behest , Yankee coach Yogi Berra ordered Goose Gossage to remove a beard he was growing .
Gossage responded by shaving away the beard but leaving a thick exaggerated mustache extending down the upper lip to the jaw line , a look Gossage still sports to this day .
The most infamous incident involving facial hair occurred in 1991 .
Although Steinbrenner was suspended , the Yankee management ordered Don Mattingly , who was then sporting a mullet - like hair style , to get a hair cut .
When Mattingly refused he was benched .
This led to a huge media frenzy with reporters and talk radio repeatedly mocking the team .
The WPIX broadcasting crew of Phil Rizzuto , Bobby Murcer , and Tom Seaver lampooned the policy on a pregame show with Rizzuto playing the role of a barber sent to enforce the rule .
Mattingly would eventually be reinstated .
Coincidentally , The Simpsons episode " Homer at the Bat " , which was filmed earlier that year , included Mattingly as a guest star who is suspended from play by Mr. Burns for his sideburns being too long , despite shaving the area of his head above where side burns grow .
In 1995 , Mattingly again ran afoul of the policy when he grew a goatee .
In 2006 , during the acquisition of former Boston Red Sox center fielder Johnny Damon who was known for his " Jesus - like " beard and shoulder - length hair during his time with the Red Sox , said about the policy : " Without a doubt , George Steinbrenner has a policy and I 'm going to stick to it .
Our policy with the Yankees is to go out there and win and we 're going to try and bring another championship to them . " [ 30 ]
Steinbrenner later noted , " He looks like a Yankee , he sounds like a Yankee and he is a Yankee . " [ 31 ]
Damon claimed he was already planning on cutting his hair after the 2005 season . [ 31 ] [ 32 ]
Illegal campaign contributions to Nixon and pardon [ edit ]
The " convicted " part of Billy Martin 's famous 1978 " liar and convicted " comment referred to Steinbrenner 's connection to Richard Nixon ; in 1974 , Steinbrenner pleaded guilty to making illegal contributions to Nixon 's re-election campaign , and to a felony charge of obstruction of justice . [ 33 ]
Faced with a cost overrun problem with the United States Commerce Department , Steinbrenner gave six of his American Shipbuilding employees " special bonuses " of $ 25,000 and directed them to then turn around and personally donate the funds to Nixon 's Committee for the Re-Election of the President ( CREEP ) . [ 34 ]
Steinbrenner originally said he would fight the charges in court , but in August 1974 , two weeks after Nixon resigned , Steinbrenner pleaded guilty to two charges in the case .
He was personally fined $ 15,000 and his company American Shipbuilding was assessed an additional $ 20,000 . [ 35 ]
On November 27 of that year , MLB Commissioner Bowie Kuhn suspended him for two years , but later commuted it to fifteen months .
Ronald Reagan pardoned Steinbrenner in January 1989 , one of the final acts of his presidency .
Permanent ban from management [ edit ]
After the 1980 season , Steinbrenner made headlines by signing Dave Winfield to a 10 - year , $ 23 million contract , making Winfield baseball 's highest - paid player .
In 1985 , Steinbrenner derided Winfield 's poor performance in a key September series against the Toronto Blue Jays :
Where is Reggie Jackson ?
We need a Mr. October or a Mr. September .
Winfield is Mr. May .
My big guys are not coming through .
The guys who are supposed to carry the team are not carrying the team .
They are n't producing .
If I do n't get big performances out of Winfield , Griffey and Baylor , we can't win .
Steinbrenner to New York Times sportswriter Murray Chass .
This criticism eventually became somewhat of an anachronism , as many believed Steinbrenner made the statement following the 1981 World Series . [ 36 ]
Part of that comment later led Ken Griffey Jr. to list the Yankees as one team for which he would never play . [ 37 ]
On July 30 , 1990 , Steinbrenner was banned permanently from day - to - day management ( but not ownership ) of the Yankees by MLB Commissioner Fay Vincent for paying a gambler named Howard Spira $ 40,000 to dig up " dirt " on Winfield .
Winfield had sued the Yankees for failing to contribute $ 300,000 to his foundation , a guaranteed stipulation in his contract . [ 38 ]
( Vincent originally proposed a 2 - year suspension , but Steinbrenner wanted it worded as an " agreement " rather than a " suspension " to protect his relationship with the U.S. Olympic Committee ; in exchange for that concession , Vincent made the " agreement " permanent . )
After considerable negotiation with Vincent 's office , Robert Nederlander , one of Steinbrenner 's theatre partners and a limited partner in the Yankees organization , became the managing general partner . [ 39 ]
After Nederlander resigned in 1992 , he was succeeded by Joe Molloy , George 's son - in - law . [ 40 ]
In 2001 , Winfield cited the Steinbrenner animosity as a factor in his decision to enter the Hall of Fame as a representative of his first team , the San Diego Padres , rather than the team that brought him national recognition , the Yankees . [ 41 ]
Reinstatement and championship years [ edit ]
Steinbrenner was reinstated in 1993 .
Unlike past years , he was somewhat less inclined to interfere in the Yankees ' baseball operations .
He left day - to - day baseball matters in the hands of Gene Michael and other executives , and allowed promising farm - system players such as Bernie Williams to develop instead of trading them for established players .
Steinbrenner 's having " got religion " ( in the words of New York Daily News reporter Bill Madden ) paid off .
After contending only briefly two years earlier , the 1993 Yankees were in the American League East race with the eventual champion Toronto Blue Jays until September .
The 1994 Yankees were the American League East leaders when a players ' strike wiped out the rest of the season .
Similarly , a players ' strike had in that instance aided their 1981 playoff effort . [ 26 ]
In 1995 the team returned to the playoffs for the first time since 1981 , and in 1996 , they beat the Atlanta Braves in six games to win the World Series .
They went on to Series wins in 1998 , 1999 , and 2000 , and fell short of a fourth straight title in 2001 with a seventh - game loss to the Arizona Diamondbacks .
The Yankees then made the playoffs every season through 2007 .
In 2003 they beat the Boston Red Sox to win the AL pennant , but lost the World Series to the Florida Marlins , denying Steinbrenner — who had won the Stanley Cup in June of that year as part - owner of the New Jersey Devils — the distinction of winning championships in two major sports leagues in the same year . [ 42 ]
In 2008 , the Yankees ended their post - season run with a third - place finish in the American League East .
However , in 2009 , the Yankees defeated the Philadelphia Phillies in the World Series to win a 27th championship , seven of which had been won under Steinbrenner 's ownership .
Retirement [ edit ]
Steinbrenner named Steve Swindal , his son - in - law , to be his successor in June 2005 . [ 43 ]
When Swindal and Jennifer Steinbrenner divorced in 2007 , the Yankees bought Swindal out of his financial stake in the team , with Hal Steinbrenner succeeding Swindal as chairman of Yankee Global Enterprises . [ 44 ]
From 2006 to his death , George Steinbrenner spent most of his time in Tampa , Florida .
After the 2007 season and the decision not to bring back manager Joe Torre , Steinbrenner was in poor enough health that he officially retired and handed control of the Yankees to his sons Hal and Hank Steinbrenner . [ 45 ]
After ceding day - to - day control of the team , Steinbrenner made few public appearances and gave no interviews .
Associates and family members refused to comment on rampant speculation concerning his declining health , specifically rumors that he was suffering from Alzheimer 's disease .
A 2007 interviewer said : " He does n't look all right .
In fact , he looks dreadful .
His body is bloated ; his jawline has slackened into a triple chin ; his skin looks as if a dry - cleaner bag has been stretched over it .
Steinbrenner 's face , pale and swollen , has a curiously undefined look .
His features seem frozen in a permanent rictus of careworn disbelief . " [ 46 ]
The Yankees went to great lengths to prevent anyone outside Steinbrenner 's immediate family and closest business associates from speaking to him , or even getting a glimpse of him on the rare occasions when he made an appearance at Yankee Stadium .
Temporary curtains were set up to block views of his entry and exit routes , and no one was allowed near the vehicles transporting him .
The press elevator carrying media members downstairs to the interview areas were shut down before he arrived , and again toward the end of the game while he departed . [ 47 ]
Steinbrenner made a rare appearance in the Bronx on the field for the 79th All - Star Game on July 15 , 2008 .
Wearing dark glasses , he walked slowly into the stadium 's media entrance with the aid of several companions , leaning upon one of them for support .
He later was driven out on to the field along with his son
Hal at the end of the lengthy pre-game ceremony in which the All - Stars were introduced at their fielding positions along with 49 of the 63 living Hall of Famers . [ 48 ]
In subsequent occasional visits to spring training , regular - season games , and other outings , he used a wheelchair . [ 49 ]
On April 13 , 2010 , Derek Jeter and Joe Girardi privately presented the first 2009 World Series Championship ring to Steinbrenner in his stadium suite .
He was " almost speechless " , according to reports . [ 50 ]
George Steinbrenner 's estimated net worth was $ 1.15 billion in 2009 according to the Forbes 400 List in Forbes magazine issued in September 2009 . [ 51 ]
George Steinbrenner was the first owner of a baseball team to sell cable TV rights ( to MSG Network ) . [ 52 ]
Death [ edit ]
On July 13 , 2010 , the morning of the 2010 Major League Baseball All - Star Game , Steinbrenner died of a heart attack at St. Joseph 's Hospital in Tampa , Florida . [ 53 ]
His death came nine days after his 80th birthday , two days after the death of longtime Yankee Stadium public address announcer Bob Sheppard , [ 54 ] and eight days before that of former Yankee manager Ralph Houk .
On July 14 , the Yankees announced that players and coaches would wear a Steinbrenner commemorative patch on the left breast of their home and road uniforms , and a Bob Sheppard commemorative patch on the left arm . [ 55 ]
The Steinbrenner family added a monument to Monument Park on September 20 , 2010 to honor Steinbrenner . [ 56 ]
He is buried at Trinity Memorial Gardens in Trinity , Florida .
Off the field [ edit ]
In addition to being an intense boss to his on - field employees , Steinbrenner was also known for pressuring and changing off - field employees ( including various publicity directors ) , sometimes chewing them out in public .
Longtime Cardinals announcer Jack Buck once said that he had seen Steinbrenner 's yacht and that , " It was a beautiful thing to observe , with all 36 oars working in unison . " [ 57 ]
Former sportscaster Hank Greenwald , who called Yankee games on WABC radio for two years , once said he knew when Steinbrenner was in town by how tense the office staff was .
Steinbrenner usually kept his complaints about the team broadcasters he approved of ( except for the YES Network crew , who have generally not been his direct employees ) out of the newspapers .
However , he was known to be upset with the sometimes blunt commentary of former broadcaster Jim Kaat and former analyst Tony Kubek .
The 1986 World Series was called " Steinbrenner 's nightmare " , [ 58 ] because it was a showdown between two of the Yankees ' biggest rivals , their cross - town rival the New York Mets and their most hated rival , the Boston Red Sox .
As a result , Steinbrenner wrote articles in the New York Post on the World Series . [ 59 ]
The Mets won that World Series , which relieved many Yankee fans .
Steinbrenner had a reputation as a domineering boss .
Only three Yankee employees were continuously employed from the start of Steinbrenner 's ownership in 1973 until the end of his tenure .[ clarification needed ]
One of those is long time Head Athletic Trainer Gene Monahan , who in 2010 missed his first spring training in 48 years after being diagnosed with cancer . [ 60 ]
Harvey Greene , the Yankees ' Director of Media Relations from 1986 to 1989 , talked about the experience of working under Steinbrenner :
" When the team was on the road , you 'd come back to your hotel late at night , and if your phone light was on , you knew that either there had been a death in the family or George was looking for you .
After a while , you started to hope that there had been a death in the family . " [ 61 ]
George Steinbrenner was involved with thoroughbred horse racing from the early 1970s .
He owned Kinsman Stud Farm in Ocala , Florida and raced under the name Kinsman Stable .
Charitable work [ edit ]
Steinbrenner gave to many charitable causes .
In 1982 , George , " while attending the funeral of a police officer killed in the line of duty , was deeply moved by the ceremony in which the American flag was folded military - style and presented to the officer 's surviving spouse and young children " .
" He was concerned about their education and who would help with the cost , so he established the Silver Shield Foundation , " said Foundation 's Co-Founder James E. Fuchs , a close friend of Mr. Steinbrenner's . [ 62 ]
He often donated to the families of fallen police officers in the Tampa Police Department and the New York City Police Department in addition to college scholarships for many poor children . [ 18 ]
During the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , Spain , Steinbrenner comforted United States Olympic Swimming medalist Ron Karnaugh through his father 's death and maintained a relationship with him until his death . [ 63 ]
At his residence in Tampa , Steinbrenner supported numerous individuals and charities including the Boys and Girls Club as well as the Salvation Army . [ 64 ]
Mel Stottlemyre recalled that during his myeloma cancer treatment at Memorial Sloan - Kettering Hospital he had mentioned in passing to Steinbrenner how he regretted not being able to watch Yankee games from his room .
Stottlemyre heard that Steinbrenner went all the way to Mayor Rudy Giuliani to ensure he was able to watch the broadcasts from his room . [ 65 ]
Steinbrenner had also donated $ 1 million to St. Joseph 's Children 's Hospital where a wing was named in his honor . [ 66 ]
In the media [ edit ]
Steinbrenner poked fun at himself in the media .
His frequent firings and rehirings of manager Billy Martin were lampooned in a ' 70s Miller Lite beer commercial in which Steinbrenner tells Martin " You 're fired ! " to which Martin replies " Oh , no , not again ! "
After one of Martin 's real - life rehirings , the commercial was resurrected , only with Steinbrenner 's line redubbed to say " You 're hired ! "
The two commercials would sometimes alternate depending on Martin 's status with the team . [ 67 ]
In 1988 he was featured heavily in the William Goldman and Mike Lupica book " Wait Till Next Year " which looked at life inside the Yankees over a whole season ( among other New York sports teams ) .
He hosted Saturday Night Live on October 20 , 1990 , at the same time his former outfielder and Yankee manager , Lou Piniella , led the Cincinnati Reds to a World Championship .
In the opening sketch , he dreamt of a Yankees team managed , coached , and entirely played by himself .
In other sketches , he chews out the SNL " writing staff " ( notably including Al Franken ) for featuring him in a mock Slim Fast commercial with other ruthless leaders such as Saddam Hussein and Idi Amin and plays a folksy convenience store manager whose business ethic is virtually the complete opposite of that of the real Steinbrenner .[ citation needed ]
In The Simpsons episode " Homer at the Bat " , Mr. Burns fires Don Mattingly for refusing to shave sideburns only Burns could see .
It is often assumed that this was a parody of an argument Steinbrenner and Mattingly had in real life regarding Mattingly 's hair length .
However , the episode was actually recorded a year before the suspension occurred , and was nothing more than a coincidence . [ 68 ]
As Mattingly walks off the baseball field , he states , " I still like him [ Burns ] better than Steinbrenner . "
He appeared as himself in the Albert Brooks comedy The Scout .
In 1991 , he played himself in on YouTube of Good Sports , with Farrah Fawcett and Ryan O'Neal .
- In the 1994 computer game Superhero League of Hoboken , one of the schemes of the primary antagonist , Dr. Entropy , is to resurrect George Steinbrenner to bring chaos to the world and rule together .
The superheroes foil his plan by resurrecting Billy Martin .
After a public chastising of Yankees shortstop Derek Jeter for " partying too much " , the two appeared in a Visa commercial club - hopping .
A 2004 Visa commercial depicted Steinbrenner in the trainer 's room at Yankee Stadium , suffering from an arm injury , unable to sign any checks , including that of his then - current manager Joe Torre , who spends most of the commercial treating Steinbrenner as if he were an important player . [ 69 ]
George Will once described Steinbrenner as an " error machine " and a " baseball dumb - o- meter " . [ 70 ]
Steinbrenner also was a fan of professional wrestling .
He wrote the foreword of the 2005 Dusty Rhodes autobiography and was a regular at old Tampa Armory cards in the 1970s and 1980s .
In March 1989 , he appeared in the front row of the World Wrestling Federation 's ( WWF ) Saturday Night 's Main Event XX broadcast , even interacting with manager Bobby " The Brain " Heenan at one point ( Heenan remarked about the guy he managed in the ring at the time to Steinbrenner " I 've got a ring full of Winfield " ) .
In December 1990 , Steinbrenner made another appearance on WWF TV in the front row during a Superstars of Wrestling TV taping held in Tampa 's SunDome .
Once again he interacted with Heenan and the wrestler he was managing at the time Curt Hennig .
At WWF WrestleMania 7 , Steinbrenner , WWF owner Vince McMahon , and NFL announcer Paul Maguire filmed a skit with the trio debating instant replay .
He was also present in the front row of an edition of WCW Monday Nitro in 1996 , and in the front row of another edition as well early 1998 , when the event took place in Tampa .
At the funeral of his long - time friend Otto Graham in December 2003 , Steinbrenner fainted , leading to extensive media speculation that he was in ill health . [ 71 ]
New York Daily News cartoonist Bill Gallo often cited Steinbrenner 's German heritage by drawing him in a Prussian military uniform , complete with spiked helmet , gold epaulettes and medals , calling him " General von Steingrabber " . [ 72 ]
In ESPN 's miniseries The Bronx is Burning , he is portrayed by Oliver Platt . [ 73 ]
Seinfeld caricature [ edit ]
George Steinbrenner appeared as a character in the situation comedy Seinfeld , when George Costanza worked for the Yankees for several seasons .
Mitch Mitchell and Lee Bear portrayed the character , and Larry David provided voice - over performances whenever the character spoke .
Steinbrenner 's full face was never shown , and the character was always viewed from the back in scenes set in his office at Yankee Stadium .
The character appeared in the episodes " The Opposite " , " The Secretary " , " The Race " , " The Jimmy " , " The Wink " , " The Hot Tub " , " The Caddy " , " The Calzone " , " The Bottle Deposit " , " The Nap " , " The Millennium " , " The Muffin Tops " , and " The Finale " . [ 74 ]
The fictional Steinbrenner talks nonstop , regardless of whether anyone is listening , and sometimes refers to himself as " Big Stein " .
In " The Wink " , Steinbrenner mentions all of the people he fired , saying Billy Martin four times , and mentions then - current manager Buck Showalter , but then quickly swears Costanza to silence .
Though intended as a joke , two weeks after the episode aired , the Yankees announced that they had parted ways with Showalter . [ 75 ]
Steinbrenner 's involvement with Seinfeld began when he refused a request to make a cameo appearance and permit a Yankees pennant to appear ; the show nonetheless used the pennant .
A year later , Steinbrenner was asked to permit a Yankees uniform to appear on the sixth - season " The Chaperone " .
The owner was still angry about the unauthorized pennant , and knew so little about the show that after reading the script he believed George Costanza had been named after him as an insult .
He refused to permit the uniform 's use unless the character was renamed .
After watching the show and enjoying both it and the Costanza character , however , Steinbrenner approved the uniform , [ 76 ] and later said he felt the show 's portrayal of him was unflattering but essentially accurate to how he was at the time . [ 77 ]
He filmed three scenes for the Seinfeld season 7 finale , " The Invitations " , but they were edited out when the time of the episode ran longer than allowed .
Jerry Seinfeld said after Steinbrenner 's death : " Who else could be a memorable character on a television show without actually appearing on the show ?
You felt George even though he was n't there .
That 's how huge a force of personality he was . " [ 78 ]
Awards and honors [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Tourists visit Fengxian Temple , built in the Tang Dynasty and the largest grotto in the UNESCO World Heritage site in Luoyang , Henan Province , China .
The Longmen Grottoes or Dragon 's Gate Grottoes contain the largest collection of Chinese Buddhist art of the late Northern Wei and Tang Dynasties ( 316-907 ) .
Altogether there are 1,352 caves , 785 niches , more than 97,000 statues and 3,680 inscribed stone tablets along the one - kilometre long cliff of Mount Longmen on the west and Mount Xiangshan on the east of the Yihe River south of Luoyang .
Most of the smaller Buddhist statuary , many inscriptions and murals were stolen by Western visitors in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries .
It is estimated that some 800 of the finest pieces were carried off in the 1930s alone
Credit : EPA
National Security Adviser James Jones issued a statement that begins : ' The United States strongly condemns the disclosure of classified information by individuals and organizations which could put the lives of Americans and our partners at risk .
W.H. condemns ' irresponsible ' leaks
The White House responded swiftly and sharply to publication Sunday evening of more than 91,000 secret documents painting a bleak picture of the Afghanistan war , calling the leak “ irresponsible ” and saying that the source – the whistleblower website WikiLeaks — “ opposes U.S. policy in Afghanistan . ”
WikiLeaks said its " Afghan War Diary " consists mostly of reports " written by soldiers and intelligence officers ... describing lethal military actions involving the United States military . "
WikiLeaks gave three news organizations – The New York Times , The ( British ) Guardian and Germany ’s Der Spiegel – advance access to the " war logs " trove .
Advertisement
White House National Security Adviser James Jones issued a statement that begins : “ The United States strongly condemns the disclosure of classified information by individuals and organizations which could put the lives of Americans and our partners at risk , and threaten our national security .
“ Wikileaks made no effort to contact us about these documents – the United States government learned from news organizations that these documents would be posted .
These irresponsible leaks will not impact our ongoing commitment to deepen our partnerships with Afghanistan and Pakistan ; to defeat our common enemies ; and to support the aspirations of the Afghan and Pakistani people .
“ The documents posted by Wikileaks reportedly cover a period of time from January 2004 to December 2009 .
On December 1 , 2009 , President Obama announced a new strategy with a substantial increase in resources for Afghanistan , and increased focus on al Qaeda and Taliban safe - havens in Pakistan , precisely because of the grave situation that had developed over several years . ”
An administration official went further in an e-mail to reporters : “ I do n’t think anyone who follows this issue will find it surprising that there are concerns about ISI and safe havens in Pakistan .
In fact , we ’ve said as much repeatedly and on the record . …
“ The period of time covered in these documents ( January 2004 - December 2009 ) is before the President announced his new strategy .
Some of the disconcerting things reported are exactly why the President ordered a three month policy review and a change in strategy . ”
The official added : “ [ I ] t ’s worth noting that WikiLeaks is not an objective news outlet but rather an organization that opposes U.S. policy in Afghanistan . "
The official highlighted this passage in The Guardian ’s coverage : “ [ F ] or all their eye - popping details , the intelligence files , which are mostly collated by junior officers relying on informants and Afghan officials , fail to provide a convincing smoking gun for ISI complicity .
Most of the reports are vague , filled with incongruent detail , or crudely fabricated .
The same characters – famous Taliban commanders , well - known ISI officials – and scenarios repeatedly pop up .
And few of the events predicted in the reports subsequently occurred .
“ A retired senior American officer said ground - level reports were considered to be a mixture of ‘ rumours , [ baloney ] and second - hand information ’ and were weeded out as they passed up the chain of command .
‘ As someone who had to sift through thousands of these reports , I can say that the chances of finding any real information are pretty slim , ’ said the officer , who has years of experience in the region .
“ If anything , the jumble of allegations highlights the perils of collecting accurate intelligence in a complex arena where all sides have an interest in distorting the truth . ”
It was clear by January 5 , 2009 that something terrible had happened to the Al - Samouni family , after a few survivors of the bombed building reached the hospital .
In front of Al Jazeera cameras , a father gestured toward the bodies of several of the family 's toddlers and said in Hebrew : " We just want to understand what these children did , that they killed them . "
Open gallery view A cloud of smoke billows over Gaza after an Israel Defense Forces strike during the 2009 war .
Credit : AP / Archive
A statement from the IDF Spokesman 's Office said : " In light of the complexity of the incident , the chief of staff has ordered that it be investigated by an expert . "
In fact , it took several days to recreate exactly what led up to the incident that claimed the lives of 29 members of the Al - Samouni family .
Haaretz documented and reconstructed these events in at least six articles .
In the Gaza Strip , Operation Cast Lead was experienced primarily as a war against civilians .
In the neighborhood of Zeitun , it was manifest in the point - blank killing of civilians in front of their families ; preventing the arrival of rescuers , including shooting and killing them ; stopping civilians fleeing the neighborhood from taking the injured with them ( at least five people died this way , including two children , not only from the Al - Samouni family ) ; shooting at people waving a white flag ; using human shields ( in a home that was turned into a temporary a command post ) ; destroying homes , greenhouses and agricultural areas ; spraying graffiti on walls , with " Kill the Arabs " being the most innocuous of the messages left behind ; and leaving filthy homes that had been used as bases .
What was " unique " in Zeitun was that soldiers , who spoke in Hebrew to some family members , ordered them , according to every testimony given , to gather in a one - story house .
About 100 members of the Al - Samouni family did so , certain they would be safe because the soldiers had seen that there were elderly people and children among them .
The next day , the house was bombed ( it is hard to know from testimony and the remains of explosives whether by tank or from the air ) .
What is clear is that the members of the Al - Samouni family were not killed due to the error of a single soldier .
Finding in major review of scientific evidence strikes blow to those seeking to reduce upper time limit for abortion
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
The human foetus feels no pain before 24 weeks , according to a major review of scientific evidence published today .
The connections in the foetal brain are not fully formed in that time , nor is the foetus conscious , according to the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists .
The findings of two reports commissioned by the Department of Health strike a blow to those seeking to reduce the upper time limit for having an abortion , currently at 24 weeks .
The studies suggest that late abortions , permitted for serious abnormalities or risks to a woman 's health , do not result in foetal suffering because of increasing evidence that the chemical environment in the uterus induces " a continuous sleep - like unconsciousness or sedation " .
The review of existing evidence , as well as guidance to health professionals and information for mothers , was instigated on the recommendation of the Commons health select committee two years ago .
Efforts in the Commons to reduce abortion limits to 22 or 20 weeks were defeated in 2008 .
The reports will hamper campaigners ' efforts for an early return to the topic , despite David Cameron having suggested before the election that that might happen .
The report on pain perception says : " It was apparent that connections from the periphery to the cortex are not intact before 24 weeks of gestation and , as most neuroscientists believe that the cortex is necessary for pain perception , it can be concluded that the foetus cannot experience pain in any sense prior to this gestation . "
Even after 24 weeks , " it is difficult to say that the foetus experiences pain because this , like all other experiences , develops post- natally along with memory and other learned behaviours " .
The second report , into conditions where a pregnancy might be terminated for foetal abnormality , says : " ... it is unrealistic to produce a definitive list of conditions that constitute ' serious ' handicap since accurate diagnostic techniques are as yet unavailable " .
This could be seen as a setback for those who wanted greater clarity on the issue after reports of late abortions for correctable conditions such as cleft palate .
Anti-abortion campaigners said the work did not challenge other arguments for a lower limit .
Josephine Quintavalle , of Comment on Reproductive Ethics , said : " Performing abortion humanely does not justify the fact that you are terminating a human life . "
The health department said : " We welcome any report that adds to our understanding of foetal development . "
BP ’s Fate in a Free Market , Part Two
Having read some interesting commentary on my previous column on BP , I thought I ’d do a follow - up to clarify and expand on a few things .
Shawn Wilbur , a leading scholar in the history of the individualist / mutualist tradition in addition to being an anarchist himself , agrees that oil companies like BP would be far less able to externalize costs on the public in a free market order , absent such privileges as caps on liability .
But he goes on to raise the issue of the “ many kinds of value and interest ” that are not adequately represented by markets :
“ After all , sea turtles and brown pelicans do n’t get any more of a vote in the market than they do in elections or campaign contributions .
Private property conventions tend to establish a separation of interests not reflected in , or respected by , the circulatory systems of the biosphere … ”
Gary Chartier , a market anarchist professor at La Sierra University , commented that since sea turtles lack any means of effectively asserting or defending rights on their own behalf , their interests in any system — whether under statism , market anarchy , or any other kind of anarchy — depend entirely on the existence of human beings who identify those interests with their own .
I would add that the present system includes many structural barriers that prevent humans who value the interests of other species or of the ecosystem from expressing that valuation in the marketplace .
For example , federal lease auctions allow only companies from the relevant industry ( lumber , mining , etc. ) to bid on access to federal land .
That means conservationists who value holding land out of use are banned from the bidding process , that the winning bid is hence lower than it likely would otherwise have been , and that resource extraction is artificially profitable .
Federal preemption of vacant land means , likewise , that the privileged access granted by the federal government is uncontested by other previous claimants .
Were vacant land not preempted by the state and then granted on a privileged basis , then the oil , mining and lumber companies could establish legitimate homestead rights only over the land that they were capable of effectively developing and fully prepared to economically exploit at any given time .
In the meantime , other groups might have homesteaded significant parcels of land with the intention of conserving it .
As Wilbur himself states in the comments under his post , “ active conservation ” — like “ a wildlife corridor , or critical wetland , or scenic area ” — is “ pretty obviously a use . ”
In a free market regime with open homesteading , lumber and other extractive industries would have to buy out such competition at whatever price the latter demanded , if they were willing to sell at all .
As I mentioned in another post , one reason the ecosystem in West Virginia has had so little protection against mountaintop removal , is that the property rights of small owners had so little protection against expropriation , and the surrounding communities had been robbed of so much of their common law protection against tortious action by the mining companies against their air and water .
As chronicled in the movie “ Matewan , ” the first white homesteaders in West Virginia — who mostly lacked formal title to their land , having settled when government was still quite irregular — were later expropriated by the mining companies , who could afford to buy both good lawyers and bad legislators .
Iain McKay , principal author of An Anarchist FAQ , raises the question of how a free market liability regime , which only operates after the fact , could prevent something like the Deepwater Horizons disaster from happening in the first place .
And would the threat of penalties after the fact be sufficient to deter such bad behavior –especially given the normal human tendency to underestimate risk and the cognitive bias toward gambling on huge potential payoffs ?
By the time tort damages were imposed , even if they meant a corporate death sentence , the damage would already have been done .
True enough — but how is that different from any other system ?
I do n’t think there ’s any system that would address pollution ex ante .
The regulatory state was supposed to prevent risky behavior ex ante , and we see how that turned out .
If the point is to “ deter people … doing potentially dangerous things , ” by definition the approach is of behavior modification based on the anticipated consequences of one ’s actions ex post .
And I expect the threat of a “ corporate death sentence ” with all assets liquidated to pay the full cleanup costs and economic damages from a big spill ( in addition to cleaning out the bank accounts of execs personally guilty of deliberate criminal negligence ) is at least as effective as the threat of a fine from the EPA for inadequate safety measures .
There ’s no system in which the operations would not be carried out by human beings with a tendency to underestimate long - term cost and risks compared to short - term gratification .
If market anarchy is to be compared justly either to statism or to other forms of anarchy , it must be compared to the alternatives as they would likely be administered by actual , grubby human beings .
It is not intellectually honest to compare a market anarchy run with an average level of human competence to a regulatory state run with some never - yet - attained level of ideal efficiency .
" We have a situation where the prosecution has obtained a subpoena for a witness that they know has publicly stated on a couple of occasions that their allegations about her are false .
So they are calling her in effect to treat her as a hostile witness , and cross -examine her .
They know she will not be giving any evidence in support of their case as she has publicly denied this .
Think of me as your online advisor when it comes to automotive tips and accessory reviews .
Need answers ?
You 've come to the right place .
Boeing 757 , 767 , 777 All Affected By AD To Be Issued Tuesday
The FAA is issuing an Airworthiness Directive ( AD ) Tuesday that requires operators of Boeing 757 , 767 , and 777 airplanes to either inspect or replace certain flight deck windows .
The AD only affects the forward viewing windows , not the side windows .
Operators have two options : Begin inspections within 500 flight hours and then continue at intervals that are specific for each of two window designs , or install a new , redesigned window .
The inspection takes about an hour .
The AD is aimed at preventing smoke , fire or cracking of the inner layer of the forward viewing window caused by loose electrical connections that are used to heat the window to prevent ice .
Over the past two decades , there have been 11 reports of fire or flames on 757 ( five events ) , 767 ( three events ) , and 777 ( three events ) airplanes .
Improper installation resulted in loose , improperly torqued or cross threaded screws that can contribute to overheating and arcing .
The most recent incident was a May 16 , 2010 emergency landing by a United 757 at Dulles International Airport .
The FAA proposed the AD in March 2008 .
The agency received extensive comments and determined additional 757 service information was needed from Boeing .
That in - depth review identified unique issues on the upper electrical connections on 757s which will be addressed in a separate AD so as not to hold up the fix for the lower electrical connector issue which constitutes the majority of the service problems identified to date .
Although there have been no fire events on 747s , the FAA plans to propose an AD this fall since those later model airplane windows are similar .
This AD affects 1,212 U.S. airplanes out of 2,619 worldwide .
The estimated cost for the inspections is $ 103,020 total for U.S. operators .
The window replacement is optional and would be an additional cost .
An iPad stuffed inside an iBook not your cup of tea ?
Then perhaps this Macintosh Classic mod will be better suited to your more discerning , old school tastes .
As you might expect , there 's not a lot involved in this one -- just some gutted internals and an opening on the side that lets you slip in an iPad , which magically fits just where the old CRT used to be .
Head on past the break for the video , and hit up the source link below for a peek at some of the possibilities offered by the mod .
What would a Mac be without a keyboard ?
Wonder no more -- just hit the break for video number two .
[ Thanks , Sapan ]
Analysis IBM is a funny technology company in that its top brass does n't like to talk about feeds and speeds and seems to be allergic to hardware in particular .
Which is particularly idiotic for a hardware company that sells servers , storage , and chips .
Thursday , in launching the new System zEnterprise 196 mainframe , IBM did n't say much about the feeds and speeds of the new quad core processor at the heart of the system .
About the only tech talking point the company offered was that the new machine 's processors ran at 5.2 GHz , making it " the fastest microprocessor in the world . "
Well , yes , if you are looking at raw clock speed alone .
But there is more to this z196 processor than fast clocks and more to any system than its cores .
The quad - core z196 processor bears some resemblance to the 4.4 GHz quad - core z10 processor it replaces in the System z lineup .
The z196 processor is implemented in a 45 nanometer copper / silicon - on - insulator process ( a shrink from the 65 nanometer processes used in the z10 chip ) , which means Big Blue could cram all kinds of things onto the chip , and it did just that .
Much as it did with the eight - core Power7 chips announced in February .
The z196 processor has 1.4 billion transistors and weighs in with 512.3 square millimeters in real estate , making it a bit larger than the Power7 chip in both transistor count and area .
The z196 chip uses IBM 's land grid array packaging , which have golden bumps called C4 instead of pins .
The z196 processor has a stunning 8,093 power bumps and 1,134 signal bumps .
Each core on the z196 chip has 64 KB of L1 instruction cache and 128 KB of L1 data cache , just like the z10 .
The cores are very similar , except that the z196 has 100 new instructions to play with and some tweaks to the superscalar pipeline allows for instructions to be reordered in ways that makes the pipeline more efficient than the z10 but in a way that is invisible to compiled code .
Each core has 1.5 MB of its own L2 cache as well .
Take a look at the chip below :
IBM 's z196 mainframe processor
The z196 engine 's superscalar pipeline can decode three z / Architecture CISC instructions per clock cycle and execute up to five operations per cycle .
Each core has six execution units : two integer units , one floating point unit , two load / store units and one decimal ( or money math ) unit .
IBM says that the floating point unit has a lot more oomph than the one used in the z10 chip , but did not say how many flops it could do per clock .
Some of the prior z / Architecture CISC instructions have been busted into pieces , allowing for them to be spread across the pipeline more efficiently and making the z196 a bit more RISCy .
Like the Power7 chip , the z196 implements embedded DRAM ( eDRAM ) as L3 cache memory on the chip .
Which this eDRAM memory is slower than static RAM ( SRAM ) normally used to implement cache memory , you can cram a lot of it onto a given area .
For many workloads , having more memory closer to the chip is more important than having fast memory .
The z196 processor has 24 MB of eDRAM L3 cache memory , which is split into two banks and managed by two on - chip L3 cache controllers .
Each z196 chip as a GX I/O bus controller - the same as is used on the Power family of chips to interface with host channel adapters and other peripherals - and a memory controller that interfaces with the RAID - protected DDR3 main memory allocated to each socket .
Each z196 chip also has two cryptographic and compression co-processors , the third generation of such circuits to go into IBM 's mainframes .
Two cores share one of these co-processors , which have 16 KB of their own cache memory .
Finally , each z196 chip has an interface to a SMP Hub / shared cache chip .
Two of these chips , which are shown below , are put onto each z196 multichip module ( MCM ) , and they provide the cross-coupling that allows all six sockets on the MCM to be linked to each other with 40 GB / sec links .
The zEnterprise 196 SMP hub / shared cache
In the IBM mainframe lingo , the z196 processing engine is a CP , or central processor , while the interconnect chip for the CPs is called the SC , short for shared cache .
Each SC has six CP interfaces to link to each of the CPs and three fabric interfaces to link out to the three other MCMs in a fully loaded z196 system .
What 's neat about this SMP hub is that it is loaded to the gills with L4 cache memory , which most servers do not have .
( IBM added some L4 cache to its EXA chipsets for Xeon processors from Intel a few years back ) .
This L4 cache is necessary for one key reason , I think : the clock speed on the mainframe engine is a lot higher than main memory speeds , and only by adding another cache layer can the z196 engines , which are terribly expensive , be kept fed .
Anyway , this SMP Hub / shared cache chip is made in the same 45 nanometer processes as the CPs , and weighs in at 1.5 billion transistors and 478.8 square millimeters of real estate .
It has 8,919 bumps in its package , so to speak .
Six CPs and two SCs are implemented on each MCM , which is a square that is 96 millimeters on a side , which dissipates 1,800 watts .
Each processor book has one of these MCM puppies , and a fully connected system has 96 CPs , a dozen memory controllers able to access up to 3 TB of RAID memory , and up to 32 I/O hub ports with a maximum of 288 GB / sec of I /O bandwidth .
Up to 80 of the CPs in the top- end zEnterprise 196 M80 machine can be used to run workloads ; others are used for coupling systems together using Parallel Sysplex clustering , managing I/O , hot spares , and such . ®
Video chat site Chatroulette may deploy genitalia - filtering software to stem the considerable tide of pervs flocking to the property to show world + dog their penises , TechCrunch has reported .
With more than a million visitors per day , the Russian site is generating plenty of interest from Silicon Valley investors .
The , er , sticking point has , er , long been all the men eager to blast nude images of themselves to perfect strangers in the site 's round - robin fashion of randomly changing chat partners .
The anything - goes environment was enough to prompt Ashton Kutcher to demand Chatroulette founder Andrey Ternovskiy clean up the site after the actor discovered what his stepdaughter had witnessed on the site , according to The New Yorker .
The todger - filtering software would be programmed to scan video feeds for male genitalia and block those that turn up positive .
Users who are consistently skipped over by other users would also be blocked , TechCrunch reckons .
The publication says Ternovskiy is receiving advisory support from Napster founder Shawn Fanning , a programmer who ought to know a little something about the importance of filtering technology to a viable business plan .
It remains unclear if Ternovskiy plans to bend to the will of those who want to clean up the site , but the filtering software is definitely something investors are pushing for .
“ If he does n't make a dramatic move soon to clean up the service , the brand will be permanently tarnished , " one investor said .
The article is here ®
Study finds
Nevadans face second - lowest tax burden in nation Nevada spending among top for fire and police services , study says
TAXING DEBATE
The political and policy debate in Nevada is all about who can most convincingly promise not to raise taxes .
Both candidates for governor say they can improve education by better spending existing revenue .
All but a few liberal legislators deny that they will consider raising taxes to close the state ’s $ 3 billion budget deficit .
If you , Nevada , feel overtaxed , just imagine how the rest of the country feels .
Nevada ’s state and local tax burden ranks 50th out of 51 , according to one study that includes Washington , D.C. A family of three living in Las Vegas with a $ 75,000 annual income had the 47th lowest tax burden compared with a similar family in each state ’s largest city , another study found .
More , we reportedly have near - bottom levels of taxpayer funding for welfare , education and parks .
Yet the political and policy debate in Nevada is all about who can most convincingly promise not to raise taxes .
Both candidates for governor say they can improve education by better spending existing revenue ( we supposedly rank 49th nationally on spending per pupil ) .
All but a few liberal legislators deny that they will consider raising taxes to close the state ’s $ 3 billion budget deficit .
U.S. Senate candidate Sharron Angle tapped into the anti-government , anti-tax anger among the electorate to win the Republican nomination to challenge Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid .
“ I would argue that Nevada is No. 1 in anti-tax , anti-government sentiment , ” state historian Guy Rocha said .
“ It drives the political agenda . ”
Nevada always has had a libertarian - leaning , conservative reputation .
With the size of the federal debt and bailouts , combined with Nevada ’s highest - in - the - country unemployment , anger at state and federal government is peaking , according to many political observers .
Rocha blames the political unrest on transplants to the state , upset with the government spending in the states they moved from , such as California or New York .
They come to Nevada and assume state spending is similarly out of control and demand taxes not be increased .
Or else their children are already educated , and they do n’t want to pay for it again , he said .
“ They ’re taking out their frustration on Nevada , ” said Rocha , the longtime state archivist .
A comparison of the 50 states released this week by the Taxpayers Network , a nonpartisan Wisconsin - based group that compiled reports from different organizations , portrays a state that is miserly when it comes to most public spending .
The Taxpayers Network said our welfare spending ranks 50th .
We have the fourth fewest state employees .
We rank 40th on parks and natural resources .
And from 1998 through 2007 , state spending per capita was among the slowest to grow .
Republican legislators such as state Senate Minority Leader Bill Raggio of Reno declare that we have one of the leanest state governments in the country .
But he ’s still met by accusations that he ’s a Republican in name only .
He said voters are the angriest he ’s ever seen .
“ People keep on being fed misinformation , ” he said .
“ I do n’t think they understand the true situation of what the tax burden is in Nevada . ”
The Taxpayers Network highlighted some anomalies :
• We spend the fourth and fifth most on police and fire services , based on census figures .
• The average Nevada public schoolteacher was 22nd highest paid , according to the National Education Association , the national teachers union .
Not all agree that Nevada is a near tax paradise .
Conservatives point to another study by the Tax Foundation in 2008 that showed per capita , our state revenue is 22nd .
Similarly , before the 2009 session , conservatives alluded to studies that showed Nevada ’s per-pupil education funding was about average when capital costs for things such as new schools are included .
Geoffrey Lawrence , a fiscal policy analyst with the libertarian think tank Nevada Policy Research Institute , said the growth in state spending from 1998 through 2007 was higher than the Taxpayers Network calculated .
When using figures from the state on population size and spending instead of census data , Lawrence said per capita spending increased 13.8 percent over the 10 years , instead of a 6.8 percent increase .
Carole Vilardo , president of the conservative Nevada Taxpayers Association , also warned against using the statistics .
“ Depending on what taxes are included , how you calculate it , I could make us a high - tax or a low - tax state , ” Vilardo said .
David Steffen , director of external affairs for the Taxpayers Network , said his organization is nonpartisan and without an agenda to increase or decrease taxes .
“ We think there ’s a lack of objective information provided to decision - makers or opinion leaders .
We provide data .
That ’s it , ” he said .
“ We let other individuals , experts , individual parties interpret ( them ) and spin ( them ) .
These ranks are very objective and quantifiable . ”
With the state facing a $ 3 billion deficit , how spendthrift or efficient Nevada ’s government is will be a key in the debate .
Although gubernatorial candidates Republican Brian Sandoval and Democrat Rory Reid are loath to suggest taxes , a tax proposal is likely to come from the Legislature .
“ We ’re going to have a $ 3 billion shortfall in the existing budget , which has been cut pretty drastically , ” Raggio said .
“ The level of funding we provide for what we call essential services , I do n’t think it ’s exorbitant .
It ’s pretty reasonable . ”
But what qualifies as “ reasonable ” is always a matter of debate .
A Look at “ Mad Men : Season 4 ”
And we mean that literally : we just received a collection of photos which AMC released in conjunction with the screener of the first episode of Season 4 .
I ’m not going to have my ass handed to me for spilling any secrets of about Season 4 , so do n’t go looking for any spoilers , but here ’s a bit of text from AMC ’s press release to keep you going ’ til July 25th :
“ Mad Men ” riveted audiences with a cliffhanger finale in season three , as Don Draper ’s professional and personal lives unexpectedly imploded .
This season , the series ’ breakout ensemble cast continues to captivate as they grapple with an uncertain new reality .
In season three , “ Mad Men ’s ” unflinching look at the human condition continued as characters faced the realities of dramatic change in the country – from the birth of civil rights to the assassination of a president – and in their personal lives .
Whether it was corporate politics , homophobia in the workplace or the frustration of betrayal , they dealt with an unsettling loss of the familiar .
Audiences were stunned by the self - destruction of protagonist Don Draper , including a confrontation with wife Betty that forced him to reveal the truth about his past and identity , and the resale of Sterling Cooper by British parent company Putnam , Powell and Lowe ( PPL ) , which left its partners on the brink of a new beginning .
The consequences of the shattering secrets exposed in season three will continue to reverberate in “ Mad Men ’s ” fourth season , as the lives of the men and women of Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce continue to evolve .
As relationships are redefined and people are forced to face themselves and the world around them in new ways , the series will continue to question the traditional norms and the simmering societal frustrations between women and men with compelling storylines and resonant moments that are sure to enthrall as the new season unfolds .
Check out the photos after the jump !
Here 's a simple MBA lesson : borrow money to buy things that go up in value .
Borrow money if it improves your productivity and makes you more money .
Leverage multiplies the power of your business because with leverage , every dollar you make in profit is multiplied .
That 's very different from the consumer version of this lesson : borrow money to buy things that go down in value .
This is wrongheaded , short - term and irrational .
A few decades ago , mass marketers had a problem : American consumers had bought all they could buy .
It was hard to grow because dispensable income was spoken for .
The only way to grow was to steal market share , and that 's difficult .
Enter consumer debt .
Why fight for a bigger piece of pie when you can make the whole pie bigger , the marketers think .
Charge it , they say .
Put it on your card .
Pay now , why not , it 's like it 's free , because you do n't have to repay it until later .
Why buy a Honda for cash when you can buy a Lexus with credit ?
One argument is income shifting : you 're going to make a lot of money later , so borrow now so you can have a nicer car , etc .
Then , when money is worth less to you , you can pay it back .
This idea is actually reasonably new–fifty years or so–and it 's not borne out by what actually happens .
Debt creates stress , stress creates behaviors that do n't lead to happiness …
The other argument is that it 's been around so long , it 's like a trusted friend .
Debt seems like fun for a long time , until it 's not .
And everyone does it .
We 've been sold very hard on acquisition = happiness , and consumer debt is the engine that permits this .
Until it does n't .
The thing is , debt has become a marketed product in and of itself .
It 's not a free service or a convenience , it 's a massive industry .
And that industry works with all the other players in the system to grow , because ( at least for now ) when they grow , other marketers benefit as well .
As soon as you get into serious consumer debt , you work for them , not for you .
It 's simple : when the utility of what you want ( however you measure it )
is less than the cost of the debt , do n't buy it .
Go read Dave Ramsey 's post :
The truth about debt .
Dave has spent his career teaching people a lesson that many marketers are afraid of : debt is expensive , it compounds , it punishes you .
Stuff now is rarely better than stuff later , because stuff now costs you forever if you go into debt to purchase it .
He 's persistent and persuasive .
It takes discipline to forego pleasure now to avoid a lifetime of pain and fees .
Many people , especially when confronted with a blizzard of debt marketing , ca n't resist .
Resist .
Smart people work at keeping their monthly consumer debt burden to zero .
Borrow only for things that go up in value .
Easy to say , hard to do .
Worth it .
On " AC360 " tonight , five survivors of the BP oil rig explosion tell Anderson Cooper how they got out alive .
Watch " AC360 " tonight , live from the Gulf at 10 ET .
( CNN ) -- Workers scraped oil off beaches and skimmed it out of waterways from Louisiana to the Florida Panhandle on Monday , but the impact of the Gulf oil disaster will be felt for years , authorities said .
" My concern is after everything is cleaned up , if they can clean it all up , and they leave , what is our business going to be like ? " said Dudley Gaspard , owner of the Sand Dollar Marina and Hotel on hard - hit Grand Isle , Louisiana .
" Oil 's coming in pretty heavy , into the marsh area now , and we 're not sure -- we 're kind of in the dark . "
Restoring wetlands and wildlife habitats along the Gulf Coast will take far beyond the time needed to cap the ruptured undersea well at the heart of the disaster , Coast Guard Adm .
Thad Allen , the head of the federal government 's response effort , told reporters at the White House .
" Dealing with the oil spill on the surface is going to go on for a couple of months .
After that it 'll be taken care of , " Allen said .
" Long - term issues of restoring the environment and the habitats and stuff will be years . "
Workers involved in the cleanup face possible long - term health hazards without proper protective gear , and the region 's environment may retain hazardous chemicals left behind by the spill , witnesses told members of Congress during a hearing in Louisiana .
On Day 49 of the spill , heavy oil was spotted off Louisiana 's Barataria Bay , near the mouth of Wilkinson Bay and in nearby Four Bayou Pass , the state Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness reported .
Mississippi state agencies reported tar balls hitting the Mississippi coast at several points , while more tar balls ranging in size from less than an inch to about four inches across hit the Florida Panhandle , the Escambia County Commission said .
Dead wildlife has now been reported in the region , and Allen said Monday that patches of shoreline totaling roughly 120 miles long have been affected by the spill .
The spill has broken up into a series of pools , ranging from 20 to 100 yards to several miles long .
Oil company BP has managed to place a loose - fitting cap over the ruptured well , 5,000 feet below the surface of the Gulf and about 40 miles off Louisiana .
The amount of crude collected Sunday through that cap increased to roughly 466,000 gallons ( 11,100 barrels ) , according to estimates from BP and Allen .
The gusher wo n't be completely stopped until BP completes drilling a relief well , a process that is expected to last at least until August .
Under federal law , BP -- which owns the damaged well at the heart of the catastrophe -- is responsible for paying for the cleanup .
President Obama warned the company against " nickel - and - diming " communities affected by the largest oil spill in U.S. history .
Obama has endorsed lifting the $ 75 million cap on damages for oil spills resulting from offshore drilling , a White House spokesman said Monday .
Obama also delivered a blunt defense of his administration 's response to the spill , telling NBC's " Today " show that he has held meetings with experts to learn " whose ass to kick . "
Full coverage of oil spill
" I do n't sit around talking to experts because this is a college seminar , " the president said in an interview scheduled to air Tuesday .
" We talk to these folks because they potentially have the best answers , so I know whose ass to kick . "
But with losses mounting among hoteliers , fishermen and others whose livelihoods have been curtailed by the spill , frustration is " rapidly escalating " along the Gulf Coast , said Kelby Linn , a real estate agent and Chamber of Commerce official on Alabama 's Dauphin Island .
Linn told a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee Monday that the amount of money BP has paid local residents for their losses has typically been about $ 5,000 , a sum he dismissed as " a marketing ploy . "
Businesses like his vacation rental company are borrowing money to pay their overhead costs , which he called " the only way we 're going to keep our business alive . "
" We do not feel that BP is going to be stepping up to the plate , " he said .
The investigative subcommittee met Monday in the New Orleans suburb of Chalmette , Louisiana , where local experts painted a stark picture of what lay ahead for the region .
Moby Solangi , executive director of the Mississippi - based Institute for Marine Mammal Studies , said the oil and the chemical dispersants used to break it up could have devastating long - term effects on fish and wildlife .
" There are serious consequences from the area , especially the wetlands and the bays and the bayous that are the area [ of ] critical habitat for young fish and shrimp and others to develop , " Solangi said .
He said the chemicals and dispersants are likely to be consumed up the food chain into larger and larger fish and mammals such as dolphins , thousands of which live in the affected area .
" Eventually , the dolphins become the the canary in the mine , " he said .
" And by monitoring them , we can monitor the environment .
What ultimately happens to the dolphins will happen to us . "
BP needs to do more to make sure that workers assisting in the cleanup have proper respirators to protect them from the fumes given off by the crude , said Wilma Subra , a chemist who advises several environmental groups in Louisiana .
Several people taking part in the response have already reported falling ill , and Subra said BP has told workers not to wear respirators because they might increase their risk of heatstroke .
" Shrimpers that have been employed to do the booms were actually pulling in the booms with the oil on it from their shrimp boats with bare hands and no protective gear , " she said .
Clarence Duplessis , an oysterman in Plaquemines Parish , said he believed BP did n't want respirators worn as " a public relations thing . "
i Report : Track the oil disaster
" If the cameras see these people with respirators , they 're going to say , ' Hey , this is dangerous . ' even though they know it 's dangerous , " he said .
Plus , he said , " the good respirators are expensive . "
In addition to fishing and tourism , the region 's oil industry is now hurting as well -- and some members of Congress are blaming the White House for contributing to the economic woes by ordering a six - month halt to deepwater drilling while it investigates the disaster .
Sen . David Vitter , R- Louisiana , sent a letter to Interior Secretary Ken Salazar on Monday reiterating his belief that the administration 's decision to impose a six - month moratorium on deepwater drilling is " a major mistake ... [ that ] will cost us more jobs and economic devastation than the oil spill itself . "
Vitter asked for an accelerated timetable for the release of new drilling safety recommendations with the goal of lifting the moratorium more quickly .
Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal said in a letter to Obama last week that prohibiting deepwater drilling could cost his state up to 6,000 jobs this month , and 10,000 jobs over the next few months .
If the ban continues for an " extended period , " Jindal said , Louisiana could lose up to 20,000 existing and new jobs by next year .
The moratorium was extended recently from 30 days to six months pending the outcome of an investigation into what caused the blast that sank the Deepwater Horizon .
Deepwater drilling accounts for the vast majority of oil production in the Gulf of Mexico , and the oil industry has invested billions of dollars to ramp up development of deepwater sources .
The widows of two of the 11 men killed aboard the offshore drill rig that sank in April , ripping open the undersea gusher , told members of Congress that more needs to be done to keep oil companies from putting profits ahead of safety .
" Let 's not place the importance of oil over the importance of a life , " said Natalie Roshto , whose husband , Shane , was aboard the rig .
But both she and Courtney Kemp , whose husband also died aboard the Deepwater Horizon , said they still supported offshore drilling in the Gulf .
A BP spokesman told CNN , " BP 's priority is always safety . "
CNN 's Ben Rooney and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .
By Nick Southall
[ The following speech was presented to the socialist youth group Resistance national conference dinner , held in Thirroul , Australia , on April 24 , 2010 . ]
Tonight I will be looking at love as a form of power , a form of work and a form of wealth , as a need , desire , intention and action , and I will be locating our ability to transform social relations in political acts of love .
Capitalism poisons our lives with a concentration on consumption , materialism and competition , undermining loving relationships .
Yet , alongside the system 's violence , exploitation and oppression , there are continuing struggles about who has control over social relations , social cooperation and labour , over whether love is destroyed , suppressed , harnessed to strengthen capital or used to build and extend loving alternatives .
The development of non-capitalist projects requires more discussion about , and a renewed awareness of , love .
While love is often absent from political discussions and analyses , it has long been an important component of revolutionary praxis .
In 1911 Emma Goldman ( 1911 ) pointed out that love was “ the strongest and deepest element in all life , the harbinger of hope , of joy , of ecstasy ; ... the defier of all laws , of all conventions ; ... the freest , the most powerful moulder of human destiny ” .
Still love is too rarely discussed as a political concept and many people feel unable to love because they do not know what love is .
Our use of the word “ love ” is often so generalised and unspecific as to severely interfere with an understanding of love ( Peck : 1978 , p. 107 ) .
Capitalist culture has purged political conceptions of love from language .
Love has been corrupted by religious and romantic fantasies , it has been enclosed within the couple or the family , within narrow notions , as love of the same , love of those closest to you , love of a god , the race or the nation ( Hardt and Negri : 2009 ) .
The idea of making love is often restricted to our sexual encounters .
Yet conceiving of love politically means that making love is about much more than sex .
My current writing is concerned with a reinvention of the concept of love , not limited to the couple , the family or identities .
Instead I consider love as an expansive social concept involving struggles for community , cooperation and mutual support .
Rather than there being a clear definition of love , love struggles toward definition and the struggle over love as a political concept can make good on the heritage the concept has .
Today there is a renewed interest in love amongst anti-capitalists and an upsurge of experiments to unleash our positive desires for connection , for more constructive and profound relationships .
Anti-capitalist love does not unify as suggested in romanticism , marriage , or the love of a god .
Love is not a fusion , the destruction of difference , or a striving for sameness .
Rather love is a desire for collective development and fulfilment , a social process that satisfies the need for love at the same time as satisfying the desire to love .
For Hugo Chavez , Venezuela ’s “ socialism of the twenty - first century ” is based in love .
According to Chavez ( 2005 ) love " is what rebellion is ; it 's rebellion out of love for human beings .
That is the cause , the cause of love : love for every woman , for every child , for every man ” .
Denouncing those who mobilise around the politics of hate , Chavez ( in Suggett : 2009 ) has pointed out that “ The revolutionary acts with love for human beings and for life , not hate ” .
The revolution in Venezuela is not about class hatred .
And while force is needed to dismantle capitalism , this force should not be hateful , but the force of love .
Acting with love recognises capitalists as “ personifications of capital ” and that it is capitalism , injustice and inequality that we should hate , not people .
The hatred of individuals , rather than a hatred of their class power and its effects , stunts our love .
Understanding that people can change , assists us all to change , to express our hatred for capitalism , by learning how to love .
We do not have to love .
We choose to love .
And political forms of love are not spontaneous , they require organisation and training .
Love is a gift produced for shared use through a variety of organisational forms that coordinate , organise and plan this sharing .
All over the world people can and do resist isolation and estrangement and build togetherness and communities of struggle by confronting possessiveness , prejudice , violence and the repression of capitalist society .
Many movements have understood and articulated their struggles as forms of love and learning to love has countered their isolation and connected them globally to others involved in struggle .
Yet when we touch the hearts of others , we also touch their pain and sorrows .
Loving does involve vulnerability and love is often seen as a form of weakness .
However Karl Marx ( in Fromm : 1960 , p. 25 ) explained that love is a form of power ; a power which produces more love .
Many people understand that this productive power is a form of work .
The recognition of love as work , points to the importance of class struggles to liberate ourselves from capital in order to organise our own labour , as love .
There is a common perception that love tends to be “ women ’s work ” and that women are more loving .
“ Females are more likely to be concerned with relationships , connection , and community than are males ” , but this is not because women are inherently more loving than men , but because “ they are encouraged to learn how to love ” ( hooks : 2003 : xvii ) .
Since patriarchy has always seen love as women ’s work , it has degraded and devalued labours of love .
And when caring labour is labour for capital it can be extremely alienating , as what is sold by the labourer and commanded by their client or boss is the worker ’s ability to make and maintain human relationships .
Feminist theory has drawn attention to the task of promoting the value of caring labour , kin work , nurturing , and maternal activities and the extension of the power of love to the whole of society .
Struggles against gendered divisions of labour aim to share the work of love and break down distinctions between the work of love and other forms of work , so that all work can eventually become labours of love .
Feminism offers understandings of how patriarchal power relations permeate our lives and that patriarchy needs to be confronted ; if we want to know love .
Without feminist thinking and practice we lack the foundation to create loving bonds .
But , according to bell hooks ( 2003 : pages 37 & 57 ) , although feminism has exposed how patriarchal notions of love are ideologies of domination , it has also , at times , encouraged women to “ forget about love ” .
Women have been encouraged to repress their will to love and to give up on “ their desire for men to embrace emotional growth and become more loving ” .
This is partly “ because progressive men have often been unwilling to be just in their relationships with women ” , communicating to women “ a lack of genuine political solidarity ” ( hooks : 2003 : pp. 65 - 66 ) .
A successful revolution requires male conversion to feminist thinking and practice , as genuine love can only emerge in contexts where people come together to challenge and change patriarchal praxis .
The recognition of the value of what is often called reproductive labour must acknowledge that this work is still mainly undertaken by women ( Donaldson : 2006 : pp. 10 - 11 ) ; although , the loving relationships between all of us are crucial to communal relations and the resilience of class social networks .
The work of kinship , the maintenance of family and friendship networks and sociability more generally are sources of material , emotional and psychological support playing pivotal roles in nurturing class connections of mutual aid which constitute a non-capitalist political economy .
These social networks of love are the basis of class organisation , both within capitalist workplaces and outside them , organising and sustaining class action , a vital part of our class power ( Donaldson : 1991 & 2008 ) .
Our love resists , refuses and exceeds notions that human advancement and human joy can be measured by the production and consumption of commodities , by increases in “ gross domestic products ” , or similar economic indicators .
Only within non-capitalist social relations is love genuinely valued , not as an economic form of value , but as a quality of life , of the wellbeing of living things .
Having spent much of my life as an unemployed activist I appreciate that the generation of alternative values “ from below ” includes the knowledge and understandings of the poor .
It is often those who have few material possessions who appreciate the value of love as a form of shared wealth .
A form of wealth that can help poor people lead meaningful , valuable and fulfilled lives .
During the last few years the power and value of poor people ’s love has been especially evident in the revolutionary experiments of Latin America , where the spread of sharing and barter economies that organise production , distribution and exchange through cooperative and collaborative labour , is weaving networks of economic solidarity involving millions of people working for common benefit , rather than for profit .
As a participant in the Venezuelan barter economy explains , this alternative economy “ is not just the exchange of merchandise , it ’s an exchange of values , of solidarity , of love ” ( Pineda in Pretel : 2007 ) .
Progressive social movements have always relied on alternative relations of production , distribution and exchange in order to build the gift economy of our class .
This economy replaces the yearning of individuals for commodities , creating collective support for needs and desires with the shared expectation that fulfilment is a communal necessity .
Loving relationships have been undermined through the development of property as the basis of human relations , and desires for love are often channelled into capitalist production and accumulation .
Capital relies on the sociality of labour , on loving relations , while simultaneously using violence and repression to impose commodification and exploitation .
Capital erodes the social fabric of love , violently destroying social relationships by incessantly producing poverty , hunger , war and the destruction of people , communities and the environment .
This systemic assault atomises and separates people along the lines of gender , ethnicity , age , sexuality , religion , nationality and culture .
At the same time capital has developed sophisticated strategies for commodifying , managing and exploiting love .
As capitalism seeks to subsume every part of our lives , love has become an important target .
A recent Australian Management publication proposes “ serious conversations about love ” to galvanise management and workers by encouraging them “ to love their work , love their co-workers and love themselves ” ( Barker & Payne : 2006 : pages viii & 7 ) .
Human resource management techniques utilise peoples ’ love for each other to build “ team work ” , “ team solidarity ” and work morale , endeavouring to totally integrate peoples ’ social relationships into capitalist production .
Companies and institutions teach workers to suppress their own feelings and to police those of other workers , turning peoples ’ capacity for love into an instrument of accumulation , a resource and a power , for capital .
In his book , Lovemarks , Kevin Roberts ( 2004 : p. 36 ) , an advertising CEO , argues that because “ the social fabric is spread more thinly than ever .
People are looking for new , emotional connections .
They are looking for what they can love . ”
Roberts and the companies that employ him believe that if consumers can be convinced that corporations are interested in love and that they care about them , people will reciprocate and love corporations and their products .
As capitalist culture tries to divide and separate us , it represents love as centred on ownership and control , teaching people to treat each other as possessions , commodities and competitors .
The use of love by the mass media and consumer culture to sell commodities makes it appear hollow , as people are encouraged to find emotional satisfaction in private experiences linked to consumption .
Capitalism strips love of its best aspects and repackages it as a set of product choices .
Advertising “ turns lovers into things and things into lovers ” not only promising that if you “ buy this you will be loved ” but “ buy this and it will love you ” ( Kilbourne : 1999 : pages 27 & 81 ) .
I was in town before Valentine 's Day and wherever I went there were red hearts and the word " love " plastered all over displays of chocolates , perfume , DVDs and jewellery .
Love seemed to be on sale everywhere .
But love is not a Hallmark advertising gimmick and you can't buy love .
Nonetheless corporations sell many products by using love .
Just as consumers are seduced by products that are made to appear as if they come from nowhere -- their production through the exploitation of labour , is hidden away when they are presented in the market -- people are also seduced by polished images of desirable people in desirable situations where exploitation and oppression is also hidden .
On one hand we are swamped by images of perfect couples and fed the idea that someone will come and save us and make everything all right .
On the other , we are constantly reminded that relationships have a use - by date .
Capitalism uses built - in obsolescence , a short - term limit on the use of commodities , to boost consumption and profits .
In the same way , people 's personalities and relationships are increasingly marketed and perceived as another fashion accessory with a short - term use value based on self - gratification , performance and competition .
Shallow relationships based on self - interest are regularly portrayed as the norm and as a natural result of the coming together of self - absorbed and greedy individuals , with the repressive and exploitative nature of the relationships condoned , hidden or denied .
However , the distortions imposed on love by the capitalist system should n't prevent our revolution from being loving in character and proclaiming the importance of love .
Che Guevara ( 1965 : p. 211 ) explained that “ the true revolutionary is guided by strong feelings of love ” .
Yet , according to Che revolutionaries must make an ideal of love for the people .
“ They cannot descend , with small doses of daily affection , to the level where ordinary people put their love into practice . ”
Che saw revolutionaries as a breed apart , different from the ordinary population .
He laments that revolutionaries have to sacrifice their friendships and relationships with wives and children for the revolution .
Many of us know well , this dilemma , the stresses of putting our families , friendships and other relationships under strain as we dedicate ourselves to the cause .
Yet today there is a growing understanding that these relationships are in fact vital to revolutionary struggles .
Progressive social movements generate different types of interpersonal relationships through the creation of caring spaces , openness to diversity and the organisation of communal activity .
They bring people together in organisations , protests , meetings and conferences such as this , realising a desire that is at the core of anti-capitalist visions ; the desire to locate ourselves in community , to make our struggles a shared effort , to experience the tangible power and value of our connections with each other ( bell hooks : 2003 : xviii ) .
Militant women's and queer liberation movements are part of a widespread understanding that the personal is political and that opposition to capitalism entails both an individual and collective rupture from capital ; that revolutionising the world involves a production of ourselves and an ability to transform society ; that helping others is not in tension with making our own lives better .
To make revolution , we do n't need to give up anything of real value , we need to gain more valuable , rewarding and joyful lives ( Hardt : 2004d ) .
Political conceptions of love assist in the clarification of our class power and how it flows from the strength of our social relationships opposing and negating capitalism .
The recognition that love exists because of the labour of our class , and that it can be extended , helps us to compose social relations alternative to those of capital .
Our class continuously organises ways to avoid , resist and subvert efforts to capture and control us that can be hard to recognise yet exist in the capacities we exercise in our daily lives .
Love is crucial for powerful class struggle , generating the solidarity , support , connections and the common activity that builds the class .
These loving social relations make our lives worth living despite , against and beyond capitalism , not just after it has ended .
The celebration of our love is today making politics more fun .
The construction of alternative loving relationships involves such things as the mock marriages organised recently by the Wollongong Equal Love group .
Or carnival festivities like the Love Parade in Germany that attracts over one and a half million people , or the Sydney Mardi Gras whose theme in 2007 was “ defending love ” .
Mardi Gras is flamboyantly optimistic , acting on people ’s positive and creative desires , supporting a diversity of loving practices , relationships and connections .
By doing so , the queer community has claimed a significant space as its own , for joy and a sense of empowerment , that is secure enough to be opened up to all while affirming a politics that celebrates love , difference and having fun with each other .
Even though Mardi Gras now lacks some of its previous radical politics and is becoming more commodified , many of those taking part continue to display and act on an understanding that what is urgently needed today is the development of a more loving world .
Humanity ’s survival hinges on the preservation and extension of loving relationships that nurture the biosphere , people , flora , fauna , land , water , air , life .
Much of our struggle is now concerned with protecting and embracing biodiversity and the creation of loving environments , focused equally on humans and the non-human world in a dynamic of interdependence , care and mutual transformation .
A communal culture of sharing and caring can rebuild disintegrating communities , habitats and environments , weaving supportive networks and movements .
These networks and movements are produced out of recognition that the widespread hunger and search for love , for meaningful connections to ourselves , to each other , to life , cannot be met by capital and its state forms .
This understanding promotes our power to overcome the lack of love , to transform and rethink the relations between all forms of life , rather than just by reforming a failed system of lovelessness .
Ignorance of how to love is a serious obstacle to revolutionary change .
Yet love is something we learn by doing and we have learnt from previous struggles , creating a firmer basis for revolution , a foundation of loving experiences , lessons and successes .
But wherever we organise loving alternatives , they come under attack from capital , and the difficulties of defending love in isolation make more apparent the urgency of deeper and more widespread revolutionary change .
Our optimism and hope for the future can affirm the importance of love to a world that is different , where competition is n’t the nature of human relations , where our desires are real .
Appreciating the value of love highlights the importance of moving beyond an appeal to individualistic yearnings for economic wealth or power towards collective desires for deeper and richer social connections , desires to share , to act in solidarity , to organise better lives together .
Our loving resistance is at the heart of the crisis of capitalism , because love is a demand that capitalism cannot provide , instead love is created by struggling against capitalism .
Love is a gift produced by our labour ; it is our wealth beyond the measures of capital , our class ’s invincible power .
The work of love is shared work , work that is vital to freedom , revolution and the creation of non-capitalist values .
Today there is a global movement to promote love as a power for revolutionary social development and change .
And together we are already part of an alternative community , producing non-capitalist society , as a revolution of love .
[ Nick Southall is a long - time community activist in Wollongong .
He has been involved in a wide variety of political , labour movement , peace and environmental struggles .
He is currently completing a Phd. at the University of Wollongong investigating contemporary communist theory and practice ..
The socialist youth group Resistance is an affiliate of the Socialist Alliance of Australia . ]
References
Barker , C. & Payne , A. , 2006 , Love @ Work :
How loyalty , humanity , spirituality , inspiration , communication and intimacy affect business and the workplace , Wrightbooks , Queensland .
Chavez , H. , 2005 , “ Hugo Chavez Interview with Nightline 's Ted Kopel ” , Venezuelanalysis.org .
Available URL : http://www.venezuelanalysis.com/analysis/1369.
Donaldson , M. , 1991 , Time of our lives : Labour and love in the working class , Allen and Unwin , Sydney .
Donaldson , M. , 2006 , “ The Working Class ” , Class : History , Formations and Conceptualisations Workshop , University of Wollongong .
Donaldson , M. , 2008 , “ Communities and Unions : Class , Power and Civil Society in Regional Australia ” , Community Unionism , Labour ’s Future ? , University of Wollongong , Wollongong .
Fromm , E. , 1960 , The Art of Loving , Allen & Unwin , London .
Goldman , E. , 1911 , Marriage and Love , Mother Earth Publishing , New York .
Guevara , E. , 1965 , “ Socialism and Man in Cuba ” , in Che Guevara Reader : Writings on Guerrilla Strategy , Politics and Revolution , Deutschmann , D. ( ed. ) , Ocean Press , Melbourne , pp. 197-214 .
Hardt , M. , 2004d , “ The Collaborator and the Multitude : An Interview with Michael Hardt ” , The Minnesota Review .
Available URL : http://www.theminnesotareview.org/journal/ns61/hardt.htm.
Hardt , M. & Negri , A. , 2009 , Commonwealth , Harvard University Press , Massachusetts .
hooks , b. , 2003 , Communion : The Female Search for Love , Perennial , New York .
Kilbourne , J. , 1999 , Ca n’t Buy My Love : How Advertising Changes the Way We Think and Feel , Simon & Schuster , New York .
Peck , M. , 1978 , The Road Less Travelled , Touchstone , New York .
Pineda , N. , 2007 , in Pretel , E. , “ Venezuela tests Chavez socialism at barter market ” , Reuters .
Available URL : http://www.reuters.com/article/worldNews/idUSN2921390820071129.
Accessed : 14/3/2008 .
Roberts , K. , 2004 , Lovemarks : the future beyond brands , Murdoch Books , Sydney .
Suggett , J. , 2009 , “ Venezuela ’s Chavez Denounces Violence by Militant Government Supporters ” , Venezuelanalysis.com .
Available URL : http://www.venezuelanalysis.com/news/4187.
Accessed : 14/2/09 .
Filed Under Interview , Stand - Up Comedy
Though a club headliner for years , Ron White has exploded as a comedian ever since he joined Jeff Foxworthy , Bill Engvall and Larry the Cable Guy for the “ Blue Collar Comedy Tour ” in 2000 .
While continuing to tour with “ the boys ” , Ron has also enjoyed increased solo success as well .
His most recent album “ You Ca n’t Fix Stupid ” , debuted at # 14 on Billboard ’s Hot 200 .
A DVD of the same title will be released later this month .
He ’s also performing this week in a sold - out series of shows at Atlanta ’s Punchline Comedy Club in preperation for Blue Collar 3 .
I talked with the candid Ron about performing stand - up everyday , his friendships with both Larry the Cable Guy and Doug Stanhope and what else he actually does care about .
I ’ve heard you say you got labeled Southern early on because of your accent .
Did you struggle against being a redneck on stage at first ?
I was never specifically Southern .
Because of the voice that ’s what they call me and they still do .
And the show is not very Southern at all .
But those are my roots , so I guess things are flavored that way .
But I have no problem with it at all , it ’s just who I am .
But originally when you performed you had a cowboy hat .
Oh yeah , I still do have it .
I just do n’t wear it on the stage .
So when did you transition into your sorta - Dean Martin look , all in black with your scotch .
Well , there was always a drink even when the cowboy hat was there .
And there was always a cigarette .
And the cowboy hat , usually I was dressed up , but back where I ’m from , the hat is from a very famous hat maker , the same guy who used to make Stevie Ray Vaughn ’s hats .
He made all the hats for Lynard Skynard .
This guy named Manny Gammage who ’s dead now .
So in places like Austin , the hat ’s got a felt brim but a straw top , so anybody that would see it would know exactly where it came from .
It ’s a very expensive hat .
So you guys - Foxworthy , Engvall and Larry - were very big in what a lot of people on the coast dismiss as flyover states for a long time and then Blue Collar played on Comedy Central and kind of woke people up .
Was it satisfying to have the mainstream industry finally get you ?
I ’m not even sure they still do .
I ’ve been a club headliner for 17 years almost .
So I always considered myself successful , even though how things are going now I was n’t .
I ’ve never been one to look up the ladder .
I ’ve always looked down the ladder .
As long as there ’s one guy down there , I ’m fine .
So I would see me compared to the other guys I knew .
And I did n’t know guys like Seinfeld or whatever .
I just knew the other club headliners .
I made as much money as they did or more .
And I had a good foothold in clubs .
I was considered by my peers to be a good comedian .
So that ’s all I ever strived to do was get some recognition from my peers .
So fame or whatever .
That was n’t an obsession of yours ?
No never was .
Of course it is now .
( laughs )
I really considered myself successful then , even though I was broke .
But before the second Blue Collar came out or “ Drunk in Public ” where I really started making money , I lived in an OK house .
I ate really good food .
I did n’t drink the kind of scotch I drink now , but I drank decent scotch .
Now three years before that I was living in somebody ’s attic .
But I was still happy .
I did n’t see it as anything bad .
It ’s just where I ended up .
You joke about your work ethic keeping you from doing “ Blue Collar TV ” but you have a lot of stuff coming up .
You got an animated show , you got a book , you got the new CD that just came out .
But really that ’s the only thing I work on .
Yeah , I do write the stories .
I sit down with a writer and tell them a bunch of stories and then they ’re adding some of my bits .
That ’s the book .
The animation deal is with TBS .
When I did the Ron White show last year , which was a special , we did some animated vignettes on it .
And TBS was interested in those vignettes , but they were owned by Sony , so who is the studio .
They went to Sony and said they would like to talk about doing more animation .
So we went into development .
So Donick Cary is the head writer and he was with “ The Simpsons . ”
And the director was the creator of Family Guy so it ’s got some really great blood in it .
So as long as I stay out of the way ( laughs ) , they can get all this stuff done with minimal ( involvement from me ) .
I do the voicework basically and if they have something in the dialogue that I just do n’t think is funny or if it ’s something I wo n’t say , I just wo n’t say it .
They ’ll have to write around it or if I can figure out a way I would rather say it , I write it .
But what I spend my time on is the live show .
And everything else kind of falls where it falls .
I ’m set up right now to not really worry about anything except new material .
I ’m off this week , which means I ’m not doing any big theaters .
But my wife and I are going to Austin and I ’ll do Tuesday , Wednesday , Thursday , Friday , Saturday two shows a night in a 70 - seat comedy club just to develop new stuff .
Just to work and I have a lot of friends there who are comedians who will come out and write with me .
That ’s really the stuff that keeps me grounded is just to continue to work .
I have a job .
One of the things I ’ve noticed about comics is that as they get bigger , they lose touch with the experiences that got them there .
Their act becomes about their act and being famous .
Is that one of those things that you struggle now with ?
I tell you , you get wake - up calls .
And this is just keep your fighting weight .
You got to do stand - up everyday .
If you want to be as sharp as you need to be , you should be on stage every single time you can get on stage .
I do n’t live in LA or New York and never will .
And there are several clubs there that you can go to if you ’re popular and have a big name , and I do , you can get on stage three or four times a night and develop stuff .
I ca n’t do that .
And I do n’t like to perform in LA or New York anyway , so I just go back to comedy clubs and do it that way .
I watched … not to dis Dennis Miller , I ’ve been a huge fan of Dennis all these years – but I watched his last HBO special .
You can tell that that ’s a guy who ’s sitting on his butt in Santa Barbara , wealthy as he could be and then somebody offered him a bunch of money to come out of semi-retirement and do a show .
And it looked very awkward .
And he did a comb - over joke and I ’m like , “ C’mon Dennis you used to be the man . ”
And I ’m like , “ I better get off this couch and start doing sets or it ’s going to happen to me . ”
I watched that myself and it surprised me how uncomfortable he looked .
It had me squirming .
Really ?
I ’ve heard some comics say that they actually enjoy watching people bomb , because …
( laughs )
On some level you do .
I ’ve never been one of those guys .
I think bad comedy – not that Dennis stuff is bad – I do n’t want this to get back to him .
Actually , I do n’t care if it does or not .
He knows it ’s true .
But there ’s nothing more painful than comedy that ’s not working , especially when I ’m doing it .
( laughs )
And that happens .
I went out the other day to an open mike night in Atlanta .
And I go to open mike nights .
You go to the Punchline down there ?
Yeah .
I ’m off next week and I ’m doing shows at the Punchline .
All week long .
But I went out to open mike night , there was a couple of young guys right in front of me , both of them real funny and I wish I could remember their names .
But I was laughing .
And I forgot that I ’m about to walk up there and try brand new jokes .
And these kids are doing their thirty minutes – they ’re probably feature acts on the road , they ’re doing eight or nine shows a week .
This is the thirty minutes they do or twenty minutes of their best stuff .
So I ’m going to try and follow that , even with my name recognition , with jokes I ’ve never even tried .
So out of the three of us , I had the weakest set .
But I also know that that work that I was doing will pay off , so I do n’t really care .
I also like to acknowledge these young kids , because I do n’t see a ton of them that I ’m really laughing at .
And these two guys were just killing me .
Real simple and basic stuff with punchlines .
So I was just having a good time watching them .
I know Foxworthy saw you early on and worked with you on material .
Do you try and pass that along ?
Actually those two guys , I wanted to ask ‘em some questions .
If somebody asks me …
Foxworthy did that .
He genuinely did .
Foxworthy is a gracious , very patient man .
And I may fall short in some of those categories .
If I think somebody ’s funny , I ’ll certainly will give them the time of day .
And if they ask me a question , I ’ll give them the best answer I can .
But in this business there are no answers and there is no book on how to get to where I am .
I do n’t even know how I got here .
The biggest piece of advice that I give young comedians is :
If it ’s your goal to get where I ’m at , go do something else .
Because you ’ll never get here .
Never .
The odds are so bad .
Because not only do you have to be a really , really strong comedian but you also have to be lucky .
And most people do n’t get that combination .
And it did n’t look like I was either .
So unless you really love doing it for the sake of doing it .
I never thought I ’d make a nickel at this .
But I thought it ’d be a very cool hobby to have .
So twenty years ago I ’d sell windows during the day and I would get out on stage where I could .
I would invent gigs .
At a Holiday Inn , I ’d call two other people and call it a comedy show .
Perform for six people .
Some people would argue that ’s making your own luck .
At that point of my career , I was so in love with being on stage that money had nothing to do with it .
If I could do it , literary , for a meal , I thought I was beating them up .
$ 25 worth of food .
Does you act change very much when you ’re performing for a 17,000 seat theater as opposed to an intimate comedy club ?
Well right now , I ’m doing those two things for two different reasons , so they ’re a lot different .
The 17,000 I did one time a couple of days ago with the boys , I was just trying to get the set down for Blue Collar 3 .
Which I already have and we ’re going to film that next month .
And when I ’m doing a comedy club , I ’m developing new stuff .
So now no two sets are ever alike .
I have too much stuff in development .
For the first fifteen years , I would write three jokes a year .
But they were good .
So all I would do is get better at telling those jokes .
So that show developed and it was great and it got me where I am today .
But now I got to work .
Because I do n’t got fifteen years to write the next one .
I ’ve heard you describe yourself as just a really funny storyteller .
Even as a kid , if I told a story , it would be a funny story .
And that ’s the gift .
Whether it ’s a big gift or a little gift .
At first , it seemed like a little gift , now it seems like a big gift .
But that ’s also something that ca n’t be taught at a comedy class or anything .
So that ’s something I can tell somebody how to do .
And it ’s not that rare .
Most people know somebody that whenever they tell a story , it ’s funny .
Everybody knows funny people .
Well I was just a funny person .
And then I had the drive to do this .
You might be really funny but you might be scared to death of the stage .
And I was just drawn to it .
That ’s where I wanted to be .
With you selling windows … my father was a traveling salesman and I know part of that is being able to tell a story .
Absolutely .
That was why I was a good point - of - contact salesman .
My last show is almost worded like I ’m talking to one person .
Almost .
Not exactly .
I just heard another reviewer say that and I went back and listened to it , and it is kind of like that .
So no matter what the size audience your performing for , it ’s like you ’re trying to just please that one person you ’re telling the story to .
It does kind of listen that way .
Did you have a favorite comedy album that you listened to growing up ?
I had a lot .
I was a big fan of comedy .
When I was a little kid , we had “ Football ” which was an old Andy Griffith record .
That was a great record .
( Note : The actual record title was “ What it was , was Football . ”
Released in 1953 , it ’s currently unavailable but you can hear some of “ What it was , was Football ” here and read an illustrated account of it from Mad Magazine )
We had a Bob Newhart record that was very , very funny .
And as a kid I would listen to these over and over .
I would n’t say I was a collector , but I had every Bill Cosby , Cheech and Chong , Flip Wilson , Steve Martin , Richard Pryor – anything I could get my hands on .
I would listen to over and over .
And I ’m sure that ’s where I developed a sense of comedic timing .
Maybe , unless I was born with it .
And I ’m sure all of those artists have influenced me in some ways .
And even today , I ’ll still plug in a Bill Hicks tape even though I know it and laugh like crazy .
I ’ve heard Chris Rock say he carries an iPod of all comedy albums when he ’s working on a new special .
I always noticed when I was younger that if I was listening to a lot of comedy records I was funnier .
Even though I was n’t saying what they were saying .
So I guess I get that .
I would never think of that .
But I got ( Mitch ) Hedberg in the DVD player in my car …
Did you ever work with Hedberg ?
Yeah .
Were you surprised when he died ?
It was n’t surprising to me at all .
What was surprising to me is the day before when he did n’t die .
( laughs )
Hedberg was never one that was long for this planet .
And anybody who knew him , knew that .
And I did n’t know him well , I just really , really liked him the times we did spend together .
I was actually , and still am , really good friends with Doug Stanhope .
Stanhope and he were best friends .
So when I would see Doug I would also see Mitch and we would do a lot of sets at the same place .
I always thought he was the most bizarre comedian that I ’ve ever seen .
One time , they were in Nashville , him and Doug .
And they were going to go do an audition for this thing , that if you do well , you can get booked into colleges .
I forget what it ’s called , because I never did it .
And Mitch ’s set was right behind Rodney Carrington ’s set in Nashville and I was just thinking to myself , “ that is just a horrible spot . ”
And it turned out that it was n’t .
It was a bunch of college students .
And even though Rodney does very well – he ’s a good friend of mine also .
Mitch went up behind him and just slayed .
Mitch was n’t all that dependable an act , because some people did n’t think he was funny .
So if he had a real high energy , hopping around act – kind of a Dane Cook thing – going on in front of him , he would n’t do well .
You had to be careful who you booked him with .
When you are doing Blue Collar , is there a particular way that the comics have to flow to work ?
Larry ’s impossible to follow now .
He ’s got the biggest fan base .
He goes last , just ‘ cause Jeff does n’t want to do it .
( laughs )
Jeff goes third .
I go before Jeff and Bill goes first .
And there ’s really no reason for that .
I think it does flow good that way .
I would n’t care if I was going first , last , does n’t matter .
We ’re all making 25 % .
Just whatever it takes to get it done .
So to speak .
Actually , I did n’t say that , did I ?
Yes , you did .
( laughs )
That ’s actually brings me to a question .
I know you ’re friends with Doug Stanhope .
Doug had that letter on his site that he wrote to Larry about people shouting “ Get - R - Done ” during his set .
Right , he does n’t like it …
Does that happen when you ’re performing ?
And do you not like it yourself ?
It does n’t happen to be hardly at all , oddly enough .
Although we have tons and tons of crossover fans , our basic fanbase is not the same , mine and Larry ’s .
But I only hear it once at a show , maybe none .
I could only imagine how frustrating it would be , especially for a comic like Stanhope , to just listen to it over and over .
And then if somebody yells it out , people laugh .
So then they ’re encouraged .
“ Well I ’m going to do and I ’m going to get me one of them damn laughs !
Get - R- Done ! ” ( laughs ) I could only imagine .
I know Dougie gets angry .
Because I ’ve read some letters I could n’t even believe .
But I think he ’s precious .
You mentioned earlier that you do n’t like doing clubs in Los Angeles or New York .
Is it that the audiences are different ?
What is it about that ?
No .
It ’s really old animosity .
I would go out there as a young comic and just try and get on stage .
Even though if you do a set at the Improv on Melrose in Hollywood , I genuinely think they give you five dollars .
I think you have to fill out paperwork .
( laughs )
Well I do n’t need the five bucks .
And if they had been kinder to me when I was coming up , I ’d feel more obliged to do set when I was in town .
Now I do huge theaters all over Los Angeles .
So I love to perform out there .
Also I will be the first Blue Collar guy … I ’m doing the Beacon in New York .
And did the Warfield in San Francisco , which nobody else will go to .
Sold out two shows in minutes .
So I do n’t mind those places .
They were just never friendly to me .
They did n’t want to participate and now I do n’t need to participate .
I see a lot of people say that they do n’t like Blue Collar comedy except for you .
Do you have any idea why that is ?
No .
These guys are the biggest comedians in the world .
Most people do like them .
I just have a little bit of a crossover audience .
Larry and I used to do shows together after Blue Collar called the Rough Around the Collar tour , which would have been huge .
We were acts people wanted to see , cause we were just 10 minutes on the first one .
People were ready to rumble .
And we would switch off closing them .
And his fans are more rabid than mine are .
His fans dress like him .
They talk like him .
And the nights I would close the shows , they would just pout .
I mean , literally , pout the whole time that I was on stage that he was already gone .
To the point , where I ’m like , “ Man , if you want to close all these shows , go right ahead . ”
I ’m not really a Larry the Cable Guy fan , so it ’s fascinating to me how people have embraced it ..
The trick is with Larry , whether you love the content , do n’t love the content , it really does n’t matter .
He is a great pace , rhythm and timing comedian .
I do n’t care who you are , you ’re probably not better than he is .
I do n’t care if you ’re David Cross , Dane whatever his name is – he ’s probably a better pace , rhythm and timing comedian .
And that ’s fun to watch .
It ’s fun to watch somebody who ’s done 10,000 shows , do their craft .
Now does he do a lot of fart jokes and whatever , sure he does .
But it ’s Larry the Cable Guy. ( laugh )
And it ’s so well done with such great pace .
It makes me laugh .
I would never spend too much time trying to figure out why people like him .
He ’s a genuinely gifted comic .
Very good at what he does .
And you can probably tell a very good friend of mine and I have no animosity that he ’s a bigger comedian that me .
What I ’m surprised at is that I ’m as big a comedian as I am . ( laugh ) I still do n’t look up the food chain , I just look down .
I heard you mention Dane Cook there .
What did he say about the Blue Collar Comedy tour ?
Oh I do n’t know specifically .
It upsets Larry when people say things about us .
I , on the other hand , would never know because I play golf and drink , and I do n’t have time to listen to the fidder fodder that goes around on the Internet .
I just do n’t participate .
I do n’t sit around reading reviews .
I do n’t care .
I genuinely do n’t care what other people think about my craft , because it does n’t affect me .
But I realize that when Cook ’s out there trashing the Blue Collar Tour , that he ’s mainly trashing Larry but you ’re also trashing me .
This is probably going to go too far .
If you ’re going to start trashing another comedian , which there ’s no call for in the first place ( I know David Cross and Larry have a rift going too ) but if you do , then we ’re going to take a look at your material .
And it better be great and it ’s not .
It ’s punchline - less , he ’s very very charming .
My manager thinks he ’s funny .
If you are going to be throwing rocks , then we ’re going to take a look , and it better be great .
So if you ’re not Bill Hicks , and he ain’t , then I would just shut - up .
He also makes gillions of dollars .
( Ed ’s Note - Just for clarity , Ron is talking about Dane Cook here .
Not David Cross .
I ’m not sure if he feels the same way about David , I did n’t ask .
Just wanted to clarify because I see it ’s already been confused . )
He has one of those insane rabid fanbases too .
Unbelievable .
And I have no animosity against him ( for being a bigger comedian ) .
Do n’t pay attention to it .
Go get ‘em Dane .
I know you stay away from politics .
But I know some in the media try and label the Blue Collar Guys as a right - wing phenomenon .
That would be a mindless easy thing to do .
And fairly accurate .
( laughs )
Actually more accurate with the other three guys than me .
I ’m kind of an asexual , libertarian kind of a guy .
Then I also go out of my way – I did a USO tour at Thanksgiving , doing military bases in Belgium and Germany supporting the troups , because we do live in a country that has to have a military and those kids have to do what they ’re told .
So I went over there and did a bunch of a shows .
But I do n’t care what people label us .
It does n’t matter .
I do n’t think about it .
If somebody writes a story about it , I do n’t read it .
The whole world could be falling apart in this little country club community that I live in , and I would n’t know .
When I ’m not on the road , if I ’m off , I ’m just sitting here .
If not , I ’m working on my show .
Who likes it .
Who does n’t like it .
I would n’t know .
It ’s sophomoric .
It ’s like the original open - mike night I was a part of .
People would get caught up in who ’s who in that little tiny community and it took ‘em forever to realize it does n’t matter .
There ’s no line .
You ’re going to go where you ’re going to go .
And it ’s not going to depend on who you slam or who you do anything else with , you ’re just going to go where you ’re going to go .
So you can get caught up in who likes you , who does n’t like you .
Are you popular or are you not popular ?
I do n’t even read my own e-mail .
My wife reads them just to monitor my own behavior on the road .
The other day she said that somebody wrote me a rantingly evil note about the fact that they came to see me in Knoxville and I did n’t do anything off Blue Collar and I did n’t do anything off Drunk in Public and they were pissed .
And she read it to me and I was , like , “ Honey , I do n’t give a shit .
That ’s one person ’s opinion .
They should n’t even be able to talk to me . ”
It was n’t very long that you had to get out a pen and a piece of paper and stamp .
Now all you got to do to blurt out your mindless opinion is to get on the keyboard .
What I care about people coming to the show .
What ’s the response of those people as a group .
Well that particular Knoxville show , I just snotted that crowd .
Doing all this great new stuff .
Well , whether it ’s great or not … but at one point I ’m in the wilds of Alaska giving a grizzly bear a rimjob and a reach around .
That ’s fucking comedy right there .
( laughs )
I ’m playing this bear like a trombone .
People are dying .
So who wants me to do Tater Salad again .
And you can hear it on the album .
I think comedy can diminish sometimes the more you hear it .
Absolutely , it does n’t carry over like a song .
But I can remember when I was 18 years old I went to go see Steve Martin when I was in San Deigo .
And he did n’t do anything off of “ Let ’s Get Small ” .
And I was disappointed because I would have liked to see him do some of that stuff .
So what I ’m going to start doing at the end of my shows is take a little barrel with old bits in it , roll it around , pick one out .
( laughs )
“ Here we go … oh , one off the bottom shelf .
Oh well . ”
Ron White ’s Official Website is tatersalad.com .
やや唐突ですが僕の友人のユダヤ系アメリカ人から面白いメモをもらったので、本人了解のもと転載します（名前は一応仮名にしておきます）。原文は英語ですが適当に訳してみました。事実誤認など突っ込みどころ満載なんですがあまりに面白いのでそのままにしてあります。
僕から見ると皮肉が利きすぎているように思うのですけど、本人はいたって大真面目のようです（笑）。どっかに載せるつもりなんだろうか。止めといた方がいいと思うけどなあ。わはは。
日本語で上手な文章を書くには
アイザック・シュワルツ（仮名）
私たちには日本の公立学校に通う小学6年生の娘がいる。彼女は小学生になる前から日本で暮らしているため日本語には不自由していないのだが、毎年の夏休みの課題でどうしても良い評価をもらえないものがある。読書感想文だ。
日本の小学校には課題図書というものがあり、全国の小学生たちはみな同じ本を読んでそれについて感想文を書くことになっている。どうやら私の娘は今年もまた良い評価をもらえなかったようだ。
妻と私自身はアメリカで教育を受けており、娘にはどのように文章を構成するかについて一通り教育をしてきたつもりだ。しかしことここに至って、私たちは根本的に何かが間違っているように思えてきたのだ。
そこで、娘から伝え聞いた教師の評価や、日本でいわゆる名文といわれている文章を調査した結果、少なくとも日米では「良い文章」といわれているものに大きな違いがあることがわかってきた。
以下はその違いをもとに私なりにまとめた、日本語で上手な文章を書くための「べからず（Don'ts）」リストだ。私たちと同様にアメリカで教育を受けた皆さんには信じられない内容だろうが、日本ではこのような特徴を持った文章が――小学生の読書感想文に限らず、新聞の社説でも――良いとされているのだ。何かの参考になれば幸いだ（娘の成績向上とか）。
ところで、私の目下の悩みは、こうした特長を持った日本的「名文」を書くよう、娘を指導するかどうかというものだ。何しろ私自身、このような文章を書くことについてはとても自信があるとはいえない。こうして今書いている文章ですら、自分で挙げた「べからず」をひとつとして守っていないのだから・・・。
日本語で上手な文章を書くには：10の「べからず」
1. 何について述べている文章なのかは最後まで明らかにしてはいけない
日本では、何を問題としているのか、何がテーマなのかが最後までわからない文章が良いとされている。冒頭で目的を述べるなどはもってのほかだ。
具体的には 、 「 一度テーマらしきものを述べた後、すぐにそれを否定し、代わりのテーマは最後まで明らかにしない」といった手法が挙げられる。日本では非常に多様されるレトリックだ。
2. わかりやすい構成の文章を書いてはいけない
通常の文章構成である、イントロダクション、主題、結論、という三部構成は、日本ではあまりに型にはまりすぎており面白みのないものとされている。
曖昧模糊として脱線、反復や省略が多く、読者それぞれに異なる印象を残す文章が「良い文章」なのだ。
3. 結論を冒頭に述べてはいけない
我々にとっては一般的な結論を冒頭で述べることは、日本では「味気ない」ものとされている。読者の楽しみを奪ってしまうためだ。
4. 結論を最後に述べてもいけない
皆さんは驚かれるかもしれないが、日本語の良い文章とされるためには、結論は最後に述べてもいけないのだ。
それでは結論はどこに、と思われるだろうが、とにかく結論らしきものは文章のどの場所であっても明確に述べてはならない。日本では、結論を明確に述べるのは文章の余韻を殺す、ぶしつけなものとされているのだ。
代わりに、まるで俳句のように、結論は読者が行間――文脈（context）とやや似た概念だがより幅が広い――を「読む」ことで見つけるものとされている。当然読者により「結論」は異なるわけだが、日本ではそのような解釈の多様性の存在――曖昧さとも言うが――が良いとされているのだ。
これは非常に高度なテクニックであるため、身に着けるには長期に渡る修練が必要となるだろう。正直今の私にはとてもこのような文章は書くことはできない。
ただ、手っ取り早くそれらしい文章を書くには、「べからず1」と同様に、「一度結論らしきものを述べた後、すぐにそれを否定し、しかし代わりとなる結論は述べない」という手法が使えるだろう。
5. ひとつひとつの文章はできるだけ長く曖昧なものとしなければいけない
日本では、接続詞を多用し、ひとつの文章をできる限り長くするべきとされている。途中で主語や述べている対象が変わったり、文の最初と最後で正反対の主張をしているように見える文章が、味わい深い良い文章なのだ（何度読んでも何も言っていないように読める文章はもっと良い）。
同様に、パラグラフもなるべく改行をせずに、話題が変わってもそのまま続けて長く書くことが望ましい。
6. 主張は断言せず、曖昧に述べなくてはいけない
どんなに根拠のある主張であっても、それを明確に言い切ってはいけない。「・・・と思う」「・・・ではないか」など、自信無げに述べるのがつつましく奥ゆかしい名文の条件だ。
また、できることなら、自分が主張しているのではなく、誰かがそう言っている、と述べる方が良い。特定の誰かでも良いが、「大衆」などの曖昧な主語を用いるのがより望ましい。この場合、著者は「大衆」には含まれないのは暗黙の了解とされる。
達人ともなると、誰がそのような主張をしているのか、まったく特定することができないような文章を書くものだ。感服せざるを得ない。
7. 主張の根拠を明示してはいけない
我々はひとつの主張につき最低三つはサポートとなる議論を用意するべき、と教えられるものだが、日本ではこうした形式をとってはいけない。引用は許されるが、出典は記述してはならない。あまりに形式ばった文とされるためだ。
8. 客観的な記述は控えなくてはならない
何かの理由を述べるときは、なるべく主観的に、自分自身の印象、感情や経験に基いて述べるべきだ。誰かがそういっていた、という伝聞や、昔読んだ歴史小説などに基くのも好ましく、事実多用されている（ただし出典は明記してはならない）。
客観的な事実を具体的な事例やデータと共に挙げることは間違ってもしてはならない。押し付けがましくなり、文章の品格がなくなるからだ。
9. 他人の主張を批評してはいけない
日本では、誰かが書いたものを批評することは、もっともしてはいけないこととされている。どんなに冷静な批評であっても、全人格的な侮辱としてとらえられるからだ。
更に、我々には信じがたいことだが、ある人の主張を批判的に検討することすら、その人への侮辱であると考えられている。日本では、誰かの主張を特定し具体的な批評を行うことは、非常に品性のない行為とされているのだ。
従って、他人が書いたものを批評するときは、曖昧に行わなくてはならない。ここでも、一度書いたことをすぐに否定する、というレトリックが多用される。また、「うまく言えないのだが・・・」
「言葉にならないのだが・・・」などを用いて、自らに非があるように見せかけるのも良いだろう。
私見だが、これは曖昧な結論の多様な可能性の中からひとつだけを取り出して批評するという行為が好ましくないとされていることに起因しているように思える。文章とはすなわちその人の作品であるから、読者はそれを部分に刻まずに、多様な結論の可能性をそのまま受け入れるべきなのだ。
10 . どうしても他人の主張を批評する必要がある場合は、主張そのものではなく、その人の生い立ちや人となりについて述べなくてはならない
これも我々には信じがたいことだが、日本では、他人の主張そのものについての批評は避けられているが、その人の人格に関する論評は大いに行われている。
つまり、ある主張について具体的に検討したい場合は、主張そのものを扱うのではなく、著者の生まれや育ち、人となり、また思想信条を問題としなければならないのだ。
残念ながら、この理由についてだけは、私には今回の調査では皆目見当がつかなかった。娘の進学のためにも、今後も継続して日本的名文の秘密に迫っていくつもりだ。
