Controversial behavioural advertising firm Adzilla has reportedly quit the US market .
The move follows the resignation of chief exec Toby Gabriner .
Gabriner told the New York Times that a stronger than expected backlash against the privacy implications of its Phorm - like technology derailed the firm 's business plans .
" It ’s not like I did n’t know that privacy was a potential third rail , " he said .
" None of us saw that it would become this much of an issue this quickly . "
Adzilla plans to try its luck with Asian ISPs , who have a different take on privacy , according to Gardiner .
A revamp of its technology may also be on the cards , in a message on the firm 's website ( possibly taken after mixing happy pills with too much caffeine ) is to to taken at face value .
" Excuse the construction .
We have stepped out for a little ... to develop new solutions and services to delight users and enhance the online ecosystem experience , " the notice states .
Adzilla is yet to respond to our request to shed light on this statement or explain its new business model .
Most of the firm 's workforce have reportedly been laid off in the latest blow against players in the controversial targeted advertising space .
Congressional hearings on behavioral advertisers have pulled the rug from under the business model of firms such as Adzilla and NebuAd by prompting ISP partners to back away from relationships over concerns that partnerships in the area , especially those without explicit user consent , could invite tighter regulation .
So firms like Adzilla are left with an uphill task of getting punters to consent to having their surfing monitored with few tangible benefits in return .
" Without massive consumer value proposition , I think this fails .
I do n’t think consumers want to opt in simply to get better ads , " he said . ®
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Washington Mutual Chief Executive Alan Fishman could walk away with more than $ 18 million in salary , bonuses and severance after less than three weeks on the job , according to the terms of his employment agreement .
But will Fishman follow the lead of another troubled financial firm and turn his severance package down ?
JPMorgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) grabbed up the banking assets of WaMu on Thursday after federal regulators seized the company , making it the largest bank failure in history .
JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon said in a conference call with reporters Friday that no decisions have been made about the fates of WaMu senior executives .
Still , the demise of WaMu is likely to be the end of Fishman 's brief tenure at the helm .
Fishman was hired on Sept. 7 , replacing former long - time CEO Kerry Killinger , who was ousted as a result of the company 's many financial woes .
WaMu did not reply to requests for comment about Fishman 's severance package .
But some details were outlined in his employment agreement , filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Sept. 11 .
Fishman had a base annual salary of $ 1 million , which translates to $ 19,230 per week .
So during his three weeks on the job , he would receive a base pay of about $ 60,000 before taxes .
His target annual bonus was 365 % of his salary , or $ 3.65 million .
In the agreement , it was unclear how much of the annual bonus he would be eligible for , if any .
The agreement said that Fishman could be eligible in 2009 for a long - term incentive award , which would be worth at least $ 8 million .
But the agreement also said this is based on the assumption that would serve as CEO for the " full year " of 2009 .
Also , if Fishman has to pay taxes because of any severance he receives as a result of the takeover , then the company would cover those taxes .
That would potentially give Fishman millions of dollars more .
Fishman also got a multi-million dollar sign - on bonus .
But he may have to pay it back , depending on certain conditions outlined in the agreement .
Fishman 's sign - on cash bonus was $ 7.5 million as well as 612,500 shares of WaMu , which are now virtually worthless .
Shares of WaMu plunged more than 90 % to 16 cents a share on Friday .
The agreement says that Fishman would have to pay back part or all of his bonus if he ends his employment for any reason other than " constructive termination , " or if the company terminates his employment with " cause . "
If Fishman is terminated without " cause " - which could mean the loss of a job due to a takeover of the firm - or if he resigns because of " constructive termination , " than he would receive a lump severance payment of $ 6.15 million .
This figure is 2.5 times his base salary of $ 1 million plus the maximum bonus of $ 3.65 million .
The agreement did not specify constructive termination , but it is generally characterized as an employee voluntarily quitting because of intolerable working conditions .
When you add up his salary , the possible bonuses and the lump sum payment , Fishman could walk away with more than $ 18 million .
But the CEO of another prominent financial firm in a similar situation recently decided to turn down his severance package after the firm essentially collapsed .
Robert Willumstad , former chief executive officer of insurance giant AIG ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) , which the government took an approximately 80 % stake in after giving it an emergency $ 85 billion loan , was dismissed last week after only about three months on the job .
Willumstad has reportedly told his successor that he has decided not to accept his $ 22 million severance package since AIG shareholders and employees had lost so much money as a result of its meltdown .
Matt McCormick , portfolio manager with Bahl & Gaynor Investment Counsel , said he thinks that Fishman will not be rewarded extravagantly given that the bank failed .
" I will give WaMu the benefit of the doubt that they hired this person to make WaMu work , not to get foreclosed , " he said .
But McCormick added that the WaMu failure was n't necessarily Fishman 's fault , because " their goose was cooked long ago . "
In the future , employment agreements for CEOs might include more details on restricting multi-million dollar bailouts after brief tenures , McCormick said .
Looking for a financial adviser who sees the world through a similar lens as we do ?
Free consultation available .
Read about how foreign banks will get bailed out too .
From BuckFush.com
LINQPad is not just for LINQ queries , but any C# / F# / VB expression , statement block or program .
Put an end to those hundreds of Visual Studio Console projects cluttering your source folder and join the revolution of LINQPad scripters and incremental developers .
Reference your own assemblies and NuGet packages .
Prototype your ideas in LINQPad and then paste working code into Visual Studio .
Or call your scripts directly from the command - line .
Experience LINQPad ’s rich output formatting , optional debugger and autocompletion , and the magic of dynamic development and instant feedback !
Plastic caps were designed to keep liquids in .
Then at the last minute somebody realized people actually have to remove them to get to the liquid so they threw on some groves around the cap for grip and called it a day .
Bah I say !
I will admit sometimes I ca n’t do it !
That cap just wo n’t let go .
Maybe I need a U - Cap .
There ’s a soft asymmetric curve on one side of the cap , perfect for thumb grips .
This single design element transfers more torque as you turn requiring less effort .
Designed primarily with the elderly , children , and disabled peoples in mind , the U - Cap would market well for people like me ; I guess you could call them lazy .
I kid , I kid .
On a serious note , the U - Cap is Earth friendly too .
Made entirely of biodegradable polyolefins and starch , it dissolves with long term exposure to water and microbaterial decomposition .
Yay for planet Earth and less sore thumbs !
Designer : Jeong Hoon Cha
BEIJING , July 30 — Workers at Wal - Mart Stores have formed their first trade union in China , after demands from the government that the company allow organized labor in its stores , according to reports in the official news media over the weekend .
Wal - Mart , the world ’s largest retailer , has long sought to bar unions from its stores , particularly in the United States .
But the government - controlled All - China Federation of Trade Unions has campaigned to set up branches in China , where Wal - Mart employs 30,000 people at 60 outlets .
Any new union in China is unlikely to resemble its counterparts in the West .
Labor activists often accuse the tightly controlled All - China Federation of siding with management rather than workers .
The union , founded in 1925 during the era of Chinese Nationalist rule , says on its Web site that it has 134 million members .
Harley Shaiken , a labor economist at the University of California , Berkeley , said that China ’s state - backed unions were known for supporting , rather than challenging , foreign corporations .
The measure ignited big rallies in financial stocks Friday that have been the target by sellers as the credit crisis worsened .
" The Commission is committed to using every weapon in its arsenal to combat market manipulation that threatens investors and capital markets , " SEC Chairman Christopher Cox said in a statement .
" This action , which would not be necessary in a well - functioning market , is temporary in nature and part of the comprehensive set of steps being taken by the Federal Reserve , the Treasury , and the Congress , " Cox said .
The SEC ’s emergency order will be effective immediately and will terminate at 11:59 p.m. New York time on Oct. 2 , 2008 , the Commission said in a statement .
Cox has been under fire for not acting to control the practice that had led to sharp declines in U.S. and European financial stocks since the onset of the credit crunch .
The order may be extended beyond 10 days if the SEC deems an extension necessary in the public interest and for the protection of investors , but the order will not be extended for more than 30 calendar days in total duration , the agency said .
I recently had a discussion with someone about duck typing , and my understanding of it was called into question .
He 's much smarter than I am , so I assumed he was right , but afterwards , I decided to do a little digging .
I think I was right , but there 's not a ton of information out there , so I 'm going to lay out what I think Duck Typing is , and let you poke holes in it , and tell me where I 'm wrong .
First , though , let 's lay out the definition of Duck Typing .
From the Wikipedia article :
duck typing is a style of dynamic typing in which an object 's current set of methods and properties determines the valid semantics , rather than its inheritance from a particular class .
Or , as James Whitcomb Riley put it :
If it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck , I would call it a duck .
So what does that mean ?
From my understanding , it meant that as long as I pass something into a method and it supports the interface the method expects , than it 'll work .
For example , let 's say I have the following method :
1 : public void SendEmail ( SmtpMailer mailer , string subject , string body ) 2 : { 3 : mailer .
SendMessage ( subject , body ) ; 4 : }
This method relies on a concrete class - SmtpMailer .
But what if I wanted to pass in a different class to this method ?
Well , the normal way to do this would be to create an interface , have SmtpMailer implement that interface , and change this method to work against an interface rather than a concrete implementation .
But there 's two potential downfalls of that approach .
First , what if you do n't have access to change the SmtpMailer class ?
You can't just add an interface to it , so the solution is the same , except you 'd have to create an implementation of IMailer that adapts the SmtpMailer class to IMailer ( a good design decision anyway ) .
But what if this method is n't accessible for change ?
Then what ?
You could inherit from SmtpMailer and override the SendMail method , and pass in that class instead .
And if both are inaccessible to you ?
Well , then you 've got a lot of work to do to break this code apart .
All of that requires a lot of code to work around the issue .
But with ( my understanding of ) duck typing , it 's simple and requires no code changes to SendMail or the SmtpMailer class .
All I have to do is have a class that satisfies the requirements of the SendEmail method .
In other words , I can pass any class into this method , as long as it has a method called SendMessage that takes two strings as parameters .
So , this would work :
1 : public class InstantMessage 2 : { 3 : public void SendMessage ( string subject , string body ) 4 : { 5 : // Send subject and body via Instant Message 6 : } 7 : }
Now , my background is almost completely in statically typed languages , so to me , this is a pretty big paradigm shift .
Maybe for those who are used to working in a dynamic language ( like Ruby ) on a regular basis , it 's not that big of a deal .
To me , it seems like a good way to deal with those tough - to - break dependencies .
Now , when I described the above as Duck Typing , I was told that was n't actually what duck typing was .
Here 's how it was described to me .
Essentially , a variable can change types based on the way it 's assigned - like what JavaScript provides .
You can declare a variable and use it like so :
1 : var x = new Array ( ) ; 2 : 3 : x [ 0 ] = " One " ; 4 : x [ 1 ] = " two " ; 5 : x [ 2 ] = " three " ; 6 : 7 : alert ( x.length ) ;
Calling length on x returns 3 - the length of the array .
Because x is being used as an array , that 's how the method responds .
But since Javascript is dynamically typed , I can later repurpose x :
1 : x = x.join ( " " ) ; 2 : alert ( x.length ) ;
In this case , x ( the same variable ) acts like a string after the join call , so length will return 11 ( the length of the joined string ) .
If the latter is actually duck typing , than there 's no difference between duck typing and dynamic typing .
But I do n't think that 's the case .
What I 've found seems to support what I 'm saying , but I 've also seen conflicting definitions .
So I 'm turning to people smarter than me to tell me what duck typing really is - you !
Tags : Duck Typing | Dynamic Typing | JavaScript
Gary Dotson ( Chicago , Illinois )
Factual background :
On the evening , of July 9 , 1977 , the complainant was walking home from work when two men forced her into the back seat of a car and raped her .
She also testified that one of the men tried to write words on her stomach using a broken beer bottle .
She was then pushed from the car onto the street .
In July 1979 Gary Dotson was convicted of aggravated kidnapping , and rape .
He was sentenced to not less than 25 and not more than 50 years .
Prosecutor 's evidence at trial :
The prosecution 's case included the following evidence :
· A composite sketch of the defendant , which the complainant helped with , was prepared by the police .
·
The victim identified Dotson from a police mug book .
· Dotson was identified by the victim from a police lineup .
· The State 's expert serologist testified that the semen on the victim 's undergarment came from a type B secretor and that the defendant was a type B secretor .
( It was later reported that the State 's serologist failed to disclose that the victim was also a type B secretor . )
· Testimony was presented that a pubic hair removed from the victim 's underwear was similar to the defendant 's and dissimilar to the victim's .
Postconviction challenges :
In March 1985 the victim recanted her testimony .
She said she had fabricated the rape to hide a legitimate sexual encounter with her boyfriend .
Dotson contended that the victim 's recantation of testimony constituted grounds to vacate the original sentence .
At the hearing on Dotson 's motion for a new trial , the same judge from the original trial refused to order a new trial .
His reasoning was that the complainant was more believable in her original testimony than in her recantation .
The governor accepted authority for the case and held a session of the Illinois Prisoner Review Board .
The governor stated that he did not believe the victim 's recantation and refused to pardon Dotson .
On May 12 , 1985 , however , the governor commuted Dotson 's sentence to the six years he had already served , pending good behavior .
In 1987 the governor revoked Dotson 's parole after Dotson was accused by his wife of assaulting her .
The Appellate Court of Illinois affirmed Dotson 's conviction on November 12 , 1987 ( 516 N.E.2d 718 ) .
On Christmas Eve 1987 the governor granted Dotson a " last chance parole . "
Two days later , Dotson was arrested in a barroom fight , and his parole was revoked .
In 1988 Dotson 's new attorney had DNA tests conducted that were not available at the time of the alleged rape .
DNA results : A sample of semen from the victim 's underwear was sent to Dr. Alec Jeffreys in England for RFLP analysis .
The sample was badly degraded , however , and results were inconclusive .
Samples were then sent to Forensic Science Associates in Richmond , California .
The lab performed PCR DQ alpha tests that showed that the semen on the victim 's undergarments could not have come from Dotson but could have come from the victim 's boyfriend .
Conclusion :
The chief judge of the Cook County Criminal Court ruled that Dotson was entitled to a new trial .
The State attorney 's office , however , decided not to prosecute based on the victim's lack of credibility and the DNA test results .
Dotson 's conviction was overturned on August 14 , 1989 , after he had served a total of eight years .
I have done a couple of posts on McCain ’s program to reward his supporters for spamming political blogs ( McCain ’s Frequent Liar Program , and The Whizzdom of Crowds ) .
But a new article shows that the McCain campaign is doing the same thing with letters to the editors sent to newspapers in battleground states .
The article was originally published in a Dutch newspaper , but was written by one of their correspondents who lives in Washington DC .
The article ’s author spent some time volunteering for the McCain campaign , where she was used to “ ghost - write ” fictional letters to the editor .
These letters are then sent to McCain supporters in battleground states , where the supporter is asked to sign the letter and send them in to their local newspaper .
By sending dozens of letters at once , they say “ we will always get into some letters column . ”
In case you worry that it is a bit strange — a Dutch writer working for the McCain campaign — the author notes that she was also working with someone from Poland and another man from Russia ( she writes “ What on earth is the appeal of McCain for the former Soviet bloc ? ” ) .
The originally published story is in Dutch , but Salon has translated it into English .
You can also see the “ guidelines , talking points and sample letters ” that the McCain campaign gave to her to use for her letters .
Included in the article is a sample letter she wrote , praising Sarah Palin and claiming to have a son in Iraq ( she does n’t ) .
The response of the campaign to her fake letter ?
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
September 25th , 2008
Via : Auto Channel :
According to Automotive News ’ Chrissie Thompson , Bill Heard Enterprises , the country ’s top Chevrolet dealer group , is closing the doors at all of its 13 dealerships at the end of business today , according to a person with knowledge of the situation .
The company notified the stores ’ general managers at 2 p.m. today , the source said , who spoke anonymously because he was not authorized to speak .
High fuel prices , cancelled floorplanning from GMAC Financial Services , a reliance on trucks and SUVs , a soft national economy and struggles in local markets had troubled the company , which on Sept. 12 closed its store in Scottsdale , Ariz .
In the end , the company could not raise operating capital and could not finance its floorplan , the source said .
Company officials have discussed closing the company since Friday , the source said .
Bill Heard Enterprises , of Columbus , Ga. , ranks No. 13 on the Automotive News list of the top 125 U.S. dealership groups , with 2007 group revenue of $ 2.13 billion .
Posted in Economy Top Of Page
« Pro Se Law Class - Chuck Conces | Main | Case Law - Revised v3 »
Freedom Watch
FREEDOM WATCH is information pertaining to
government abuse of power , trashing of
the Constitution , illegal immigration ,
2nd Amendment , political correctness
run amok , etc .
It is FREE and sent to you via E-mail .
To subscribe send an e-mail to :
FreedomWatch- subscribe@topica .
com
FREEDOM WATCH
http://fwatch.blogspot.com/
Chuck Baldwin For President 2008
http://www.baldwin2008.com/
Rally For The Republic From : klhrevolution@yahoo.com
The Rally For The Republic from the Campaign For Liberty was aired and broadcast on c-span .
If you are interested in watching & hearing from Mr. Ron Paul & Mr. Jesse Ventura then feel free to click play : http://www.greenvilleroad.
info/2008/09/rally-for - republic-ron-paul.html http://www.greenvilleroad.
info/2008/09/rally-for - republic-jesse-ventura.html
http://www.GreenvilleRoad.info
Heaven is on the way , until then lets get the truth out !
********************
We ( our government ) meddle ...
People do n't like to be meddled with .
We tell them what to do , what to think , do n't run , do n't walk .
We 're in their homes and in their heads , and we have n't the right .
We 're meddlesome .
~ Joss Whedon's Serenity *************************
http://news.aol.com/elections/ conventions/republicans / article/thousands-gather-for- ron-paul-rally /156573?icid= 200100397x1208940596x120050851 8 Ron Paul Supporters Rally in Minneapolis
http://www.prisonplanet.com/ ron-paul-holds-gop-counter - convention.html Ron Paul holds GOP counter - convention
http://www.prisonplanet.com/ ron-paul-9208-rally - for - the- republic.html Ron Paul 9/2/08 Rally for the Republic
http://www.prisonplanet.com/ ron-paul-supporters-rally - near - rnc.html Ron Paul Supporters Rally Near RNC
http://www.newswithviews.com/ baldwin/baldwin466.htm
by Chuck Baldwin Can Two Walk Together Without Agreement ?by Chuck Baldwin
Nope .
Daniel McCarthy on Sarah Palin .
http://www.lewrockwell.com/ dmccarthy/dmccarthy62.html Sugar and Spice and Everything Nice ?
Nope .
Daniel McCarthy on Sarah Palin .
http://westernrifleshooters.
blogspot.com/2008/09/ vanderboegh-status-report - chapter-list.html Vanderboegh : Status Report & Chapter List for " Absolved "
http://www.infowars.com/
Alex Jones ' Infowars
September 3 , 2008 in Current Affairs | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d83451d3ac69e200e554df3a888833
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Freedom Watch :
Comments
The comments to this entry are closed .
The idea to write a post regarding the funny Linus ‘ quotes came into my mind after I came across this wiki page .
So , let me suggest TOP 10 list of his quotes :
Really , I ’m not out to destroy Microsoft .
That will just be a completely unintentional side effect .
Only wimps use tape backup : _real_ men just upload their important stuff on ftp , and let the rest of the world mirror it 😉
Software is like sex ; it ’s better when it ’s free .
Is “ I hope you all die a painful death ” too strong ?
Most days I wake up thinking I ’m the luckiest bastard alive .
An infinite number of monkeys typing into GNU emacs would never make a good program .
[ digg - me ]
Talk is cheap .
Show me the code .
I ’m a bastard .
I have absolutely no clue why people can ever think otherwise .
Yet they do .
People think I ’m a nice guy , and the fact is that I ’m a scheming , conniving bastard who does n’t care for any hurt feelings or lost hours of work , if it just results in what I consider to be a better system .
And I ’m not just saying that .
I ’m really not a very nice person .
I can say “ I do n’t care ” with a straight face , and really mean it .
Those that can , do .
Those that can ’t , complain .
You see .
I do n’t think any new thoughts .
I think thoughts that other people have thought , and I rearrange them .
But Sara , she thinks thoughts that never were before .
Alternative versions of TOP 10 are welcome here ! 🙂
After the Viacom - owned network finished filming their new treasure - hunt themed “ Real World / Road Rules Challenge ” on a remote , uninhabited island in the Republic of Panama , locals returned to find their beach tattered and abused .
The television show , which premieres on September 17th , took over the neighboring , inhabited island in militant style by hiring the local police to prevent residents from accessing a public beach .
As it turned out , according to local witnesses , MTV had cleared a small patch of rainforest to build a tiki - hut structure near the beach , developed an access road through the forest , and installed generators and lighting on the beach.[social_buttons ]
Since the beach was guarded by armed officers , the locals - only heard rumors of the destruction until they were able to go back to the beach after filming had finished .
“ I have seen the aftermath of a tornado and this was almost as bad , ” read the account , written by Jmaher and Michael Drake .
“ A large plot of rainforest had been cleared , a pristine Caribbean beach had been trashed , and the creators had simply packed up and left .
A family of what appeared to be ‘ squatters ’ had already moved into one of the buildings left behind . ”
>>
Like this post ?
Sign up for our RSS Feeds and the Green Options Bi-Weekly Newsletter .
At the time of the writing , MTV had not yet announced the premiere of the television show .
The authors deduced that the network had been behind the commotion after finding papers with MTV ’s logo among other garbage littering small village ’s the streets .
The nearby uninhabited island ( which the show ’s contestants ravaged for hidden treasure ) had not been visited by the writers , so we ’ll have to watch the show to see how that island fared .
All this comes after MTV ’s recent efforts to encourage teens to go green .
“ Perhaps I have been unjustified in my criticism and , if so , I will offer my apologies whenever it becomes obvious that I have been unfair , ” the lengthy piece reads , nearing conclusion .
“ In the meanwhile , I will continue to show my irritation for what I perceive Mtv to have done to a beautiful area of rainforest and beach . ”
A trailer for the upcoming television show can be found here .
Photo Credit : Joe Crawford on Flickr under Creative Commons license .
[ Via : Ecorazzi ]
Other Posts Relating to Environmental Destruction :
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) -- Washington Mutual Inc.'s WM , - 0.55 % Kerry Killinger has been ousted from the CEO 's position , another casualty of the nationwide banking crisis , according to a report in the online edition of the Wall Street Journal citing people familiar with the situation .
An announcement is expected Monday morning before U.S. markets open for trade , according to the report .
Alan Fishman , currently chairman of New York commercial mortgage broker Meridian Capital Group , will succeed Killinger , the Journal reported .
For example , the 90 - year - old couple , Lester ( " Smitty " ) and Mary Smith - - who were raided at their Philo home last week ( 9.24.08 ) with law enforcement seizing their life savings and all their plants in the process -- are qualified patients with doctors ' approvals and did nothing wrong .
Smitty said , " I was n't worried a bit .
I knew it was legal .
I planted six plants two years in a row and this year , I planted 17 for me and Mary .
That 's not too many is it ?
My wife is very ill , confined to a wheelchair or recliner .
She likes the bud tea .
She has severe arthritis .
It makes it easier for her to get around .
She walks easier ; she can walk to the bathroom even by herself . "
Smitty has health issues too .
" I have heart problems , blood clots , stomach cramps , emphysema , bad hips .
I 've had a heart attack .
I sometimes get strong chest pains and can't breathe right .
I take nitroglycerine .
That brings me back .
My doctors want me to take more x-rays here locally but that would be a big expense .
Usually , I go to the Veterans Hospital and they pay for it . "
Mary Smith was forced to stay in the house by herself during the 5 - hour raid while additional warrants for an adjoining parcel were telephoned in and delivered , allowing sheriff 's deputies to enter all the residences .
The elderly Smiths were not arrested or charged with a crime , because there was none .
Sheriff 's deputies were apparently more interested in robbery than arrest ( excuse my french ) .
They seized the two things that mattered most to the ill couple -- their medicine , all 17 plants , leaving nothing -- and their life savings , $ 52,000 from Mary Smith 's inheritance and $ 29,000 in cashed in CDs .
" As soon as the bail - out hit , I cashed in my CDs and put the money in a safe in my house .
I did not sell pot to get it .
But turns out my money was not safe .
They stormed in here and turned our world upside down .
I thought I was legal . "
[ IndyBay ]
It is not at all uncommon for the war on drugs to target the very last people among us who ought to be treated as criminals :
This is the real war on drugs .
It ’s not some magic formula that only screws over bad people .
The drug war proliferates injustice everywhere it goes .
About WAMMfest
Our annual celebration was born in response to the Bush Administration ’s attack on our collective garden .
In 2002 , thirty armed DEA agents raided the home of WAMM founders , Mike and Valerie Corral , arresting them at gunpoint .
Agents then used chainsaws to hack down the garden .
What We Did Next
Ten days after the raid , WAMM members responded by having a meeting on the steps of City Hall and provided free medical marijuana to our members .
Fortified by the support of our community , WAMM , the Santa Cruz City Council , and the County Board of Supervisors joined in a lawsuit to stop the aggression of the federal government .
The raid was intended to be a blow from which we could never recover ; instead it prompted us into action .
WAMMfest Lives On !
WAMMfest is a way to say thank you to the city of Santa Cruz and the community as a whole for all the support throughout the years .
It 's also an event to enrich awareness and promote the civil liberties of sick and dying patients through medical marijuana , and a fundraiser to help us continue the services that we have been provided since 1993 .
Join Us This Year !
Join us on October 22 , 2011 , from 12:00 to 6:00 at San Lorenzo Park , Duck Island , in the beautiful Santa Cruz , California .
Church makes ‘ ludicrous ’ apology to Charles Darwin - 126 years after his death
The Church of England will tomorrow officially apologise to Charles Darwin for misunderstanding his theory of evolution .
In a bizarre step , the Church will address its contrition directly to the Victorian scientist himself , even though he died 126 years ago .
But the move was greeted with derision last night , with Darwin ’s great - great - grandson dismissing it as ‘ pointless ’ and other critics branding it ‘ ludicrous ’ .
A meeting of minds : Charles Darwin and , right , the Archbishop of Canterbury , Dr Rowan Williams
Church officials compared the apology to the late Pope John Paul II ’s decision to say sorry for the Vatican ’s 1633 trial of Galileo , the astronomer who appalled prelates by declaring that the earth revolved around the sun .
The officials said that senior bishops wanted to atone for the vilification their predecessors heaped on Darwin in the 1860s , when he put forward his theory that man was descended from apes .
The Church is also anxious to counter the view that its teaching is incompatible with science .
It wants to distance itself from fundamentalist Christians , who believe in the Biblical account of the creation of the world in seven days .
An article to be posted on the Church ’s website will say : ‘ Charles Darwin , 200 years from your birth [ in 1809 ] , the Church of England owes you an apology for misunderstanding you and , by getting our first reaction wrong , encouraging others to misunderstand you still .
‘ But the struggle for your reputation is not over yet , and the problem is not just your religious opponents but those who falsely claim you in support of their own interests . ’
The article has been written by the Rev Dr Malcolm Brown , the director of mission and public affairs of the Archbishops ’ Council , the Church ’s managing body , which is headed by the Archbishop of Canterbury , Dr Rowan Williams .
Revolutionary : Darwin's best - known book , published in 1859
Dr Brown writes : ‘ People , and institutions , make mistakes and Christian people and Churches are no exception .
When a big new idea emerges that changes the way people look at the world , it ’s easy to feel that every old idea , every certainty , is under attack and then to do battle against the new insights .
‘ The Church made that mistake with Galileo ’s astronomy and has since realised its error .
Some Church people did it again in the 1860s with Charles Darwin ’s theory of natural selection .
' So it is important to think again about Darwin ’s impact on religious thinking , then and now . ’
Dr Brown argues that there is nothing incompatible between the scientific theories adopted by Darwin and Christian teaching .
The English naturalist , geologist and collector , best known for his 1859 book On The Origin Of Species , scandalised Victorian society with his theory that all species of life evolved from common ancestors .
One of the most venomous clashes over his ideas took place in 1860 during a debate at Oxford University .
The Bishop of Oxford , Samuel Wilberforce , asked the evolutionist and Darwin champion , Thomas Huxley , whether it was through his grandfather or his grandmother that he claimed to be descended from a monkey .
Huxley replied that he would not be ashamed to have an ape for his ancestor but he would be ashamed to be connected with a man who used his gifts to obscure the truth .
In his article , Dr Brown writes : ‘ His [ Darwin ’s ] theory caused offence because it challenged the view that God had created human beings as an entirely different kind of creation to the rest of the animal world .
‘ But while it is not difficult to see why evolutionary thinking was offensive at the time , on reflection it is not such an earth - shattering idea . ’
The Church ’s move will reignite the debate over creationism .
In the United States , Republican Vice - Presidential candidate Sarah Palin argues that it should be taught in schools .
In this country , the Rev Professor Michael Reiss , a biologist director of education at the Royal Society , provoked a furore last week when he called for creationism to be treated in school science lessons as a legitimate world view .
Ann Widdecombe : ' We 've already apologised for slavery and the Crusades .
When is it all going to stop ?'
Last night , the Church , which apologised for its role in the slave trade two years ago , came in for fierce criticism for its latest mea culpa .
Former Conservative Minister Ann Widdecombe , who left the Church of England to become a Roman Catholic , said : ‘ It ’s absolutely ludicrous .
Why do n’t we have the Italians apologising for Pontius Pilate ?
‘ We ’ve already apologised for slavery and for the Crusades .
When is it all going to stop ?
It ’s insane and makes the Church of England look ridiculous . ’
Andrew Darwin , a great - great grandson of the eminent scientist , said he was ‘ bemused ’ by the apology , which seemed ‘ pointless ’ .
‘ Why bother ? ’ he said .
‘ When an apology is made after 200 years , it ’s not so much to right a wrong , but to make the person or organisation making the apology feel better . ’
Terry Sanderson , president of the National Secular Association , said : ‘ It does seem rather crazy for an institution to address an apology to an individual so long after his death .
‘ As well as being much too late , the message strikes me as insincere , as if there is an unspoken “ but ” behind the text .
' However , if it means that from now on the Church of England will say “ No ” to the teaching of creationism in school science lessons , then we would accept the apology on Darwin ’s behalf . ’
A less critical tone was struck by Horace Barlow , 87 , from Cambridge , who is Darwin ’s great - grandson .
He said he thought his ancestor would have been pleased to hear the Church ’s apology .
‘ They buried him in Westminster Abbey , which I suppose was an apology of sorts , ’ said Mr Barlow .
‘ Darwin was very concerned about offending other people as his wife Emma was a committed Christian .
So I think this apology would have pleased him . ’
McCain : Ayers will come up in debate
John McCain said Tuesday that Barack Obama is “ probably ensured ” that his association with 1960s radical William Ayers will come up in Wednesday ’s debate .
“ I was astonished to hear him say that he was surprised that I did n’t have the guts ” to bring up Ayers , McCain said on KMOX , a St. Louis radio station .
Advertisement
“ I think he is probably ensured that it will come up this time . ”
McCain was responding to Obama ’s charge last week that the Arizona senator was willing to make attacks on the campaign trail that he would not say in person .
“ I am surprised that , you know , we 've been seeing some pretty over - the - top attacks coming out of the McCain campaign over the last several days , that he was n't willing to say it to my face , ” Obama said .
“ But I guess we 've got one last debate .
So presumably , if he ends up feeling that he needs to , he will raise it during the debate . ”
Obama has also accused McCain of trying to score “ cheap political points ” by bringing up Ayers .
Despite challenging Obama on the association , McCain insisted that he does not care about the “ old washed - up terrorist ” but said that the Illinois Democrat is not “ being truthful ” about the relationship .
Raptor Survival Quiz
In the event of a raptor attack , how likely are you to survive ?
Take this test , and find out .
First , some general survival questions :
1 . In a fight , you are confident you could beat your own body weight ( rounding up ) in which of the following ?
Check all that apply .
Tigers
Ponies
Otters
Ducks
Bees
2 . What is your weapon of choice ?
Your bare hands
Rifle
Shotgun
ICBM
3 . How much food do you currently have stored at home ?
A day 's worth
A week 's worth
A month 's worth
More than a month 's worth
4 . You enter a building you 've not been in before .
What is the first thing you do ?
Continue to where you were going
Check for potential raptor entry points
Gather makeshift weapons
Now , how well do you know your enemy ?
5 . A raptor is chasing your group .
How fast do you have to run ?
Faster than sound
Faster than the raptor ( i.e. 10 m/s )
Faster than the slowest person in the group
You can not run fast enough
6 . What do raptors fear ?
Fire
Methyl Anthranilate
They have no knowledge of fear
7 . What is a raptor 's weak point ?
Its eyes
Its crotch
Conversational Spanish
Non-existent
Lastly , some situations you might encounter .
8 . You know that raptors are about and you have a raw steak in your possession .
What do you do ?
Eat it yourself to keep your strength up
Use it as bait in a raptor trap
Keep it until you are surrounded , then use it to appease the raptors
Dispose of it as quickly as possible
9. Raptors attack during dinner .
What 's your course of action ?
Grab the fork , for stabbing the raptor in the eye
Grab the pepper , to act as a makeshift mace
Grab the shotgun that you always keep by your side
Grab the last after dinner mint ; this is no time to be polite
10 .
A raptor is downstairs , but you have your phone with you .
Who do you call ?
The Ghostbusters
The armed forces
Your mum , to say " Good bye "
Pizza delivery
No -one - talking will give away your position
The Chinese buy much of the world 's elephant ivory
EBay has announced a worldwide ban on the sale of ivory products on its auction websites from next year .
An eBay spokesman said the move was the best way to help African and Asian elephants .
The endangered animals are often hunted for their ivory tusks .
The ban comes as a conservation group prepares to release a report critical of the auction site .
The International Fund for Animal Welfare will say more than 4,000 ivory products have been listed on eBay .
EBay 's decision is commendable and should set an example for others
Teresa Telecky
Humane Society International
Most sales of ivory products through eBay are done on the company 's American website .
" In one instance , a user purchased a pair of elephant tusks off eBay for more than $ 21,000 , " the International Fund for Animal Welfare said .
Welcome decision
EBay said it would still allow the sale of some antique items which contain a small amount of ivory , such as pianos .
Campaigning groups the Humane Society of the United States and Humane Society International welcomed the decision .
Teresa
Telecky , policy director for Humane Society International , said eBay 's decision was " commendable and should set an example for others " .
Each year , an estimated 20,000 elephants are illegally killed in Africa and Asia for their ivory , fuelling a booming black - market industry .
Elephants are protected under the International Convention on the International Trade in Endangered Species ( Cites ) .
The U.S. presidential election is now only a few weeks away .
The politics of this election are of course interesting and important , but I do not want to discuss these topics here ( there is not exactly a shortage of other venues for such a discussion ) , and would request that readers refrain from doing so in the comments to this post .
However , I thought it would be apropos to talk about some of the basic mathematics underlying electoral polling , and specifically to explain the fact , which can be highly unintuitive to those not well versed in statistics , that polls can be accurate even when sampling only a tiny fraction of the entire population .
Take for instance a nationwide poll of U.S. voters on which presidential candidate they intend to vote for .
A typical poll will ask a number of randomly selected voters for their opinion ; a typical value here is .
In contrast , the total voting - eligible population of the U.S. – let ’s call this set – is about 200 million .
( The actual turnout in the election is likely to be closer to 100 million , but let ’s ignore this fact for the sake of discussion . )
Thus , such a poll would sample about 0.0005 % of the total population – an incredibly tiny fraction .
Nevertheless , the margin of error ( at the 95 % confidence level ) for such a poll , if conducted under idealised conditions ( see below ) , is about 3 % .
In other words , if we let denote the proportion of the entire population that will vote for a given candidate , and let denote the proportion of the polled voters that will vote for , then the event will occur with probability at least 0.95 .
Thus , for instance ( and oversimplifying a little – see below ) , if the poll reports that 55 % of respondents would vote for A , then the true percentage of the electorate that would vote for A has at least a 95 % chance of lying between 52 % and 58 % .
Larger polls will of course give a smaller margin of error ; for instance the margin of error for an ( idealised ) poll of 2,000 voters is about 2 % .
I ’ll give a rigorous proof of a weaker version of the above statement ( giving a margin of error of about 7 % , rather than 3 % ) in an appendix at the end of this post .
But the main point of my post here is a little different , namely to address the common misconception that the accuracy of a poll is a function of the relative sample size rather than the absolute sample size , which would suggest that a poll involving only 0.0005 % of the population could not possibly have a margin of error as low as 3 % .
I also want to point out some limitations of the mathematical analysis ; depending on the methodology and the context , some polls involving 1000 respondents may have a much higher margin of error than the idealised rate of 3 % .
— Assumptions and conclusion —
Not all polls are created equal ; there are a certain number of hypotheses on the methodology and effectiveness of the poll that we have to assume in order to make our mathematical conclusions valid .
We will make the following idealised assumptions :
Simple question .
Voters polled can only offer one of two responses , which I will call A and not - A ; thus we ignore the effect of third - party candidates , undecided voters , or refusals to respond .
In particular , we do not try to combine this data with other questions about the polled voters , such as demographic data .
We also assume that the question is unambiguous and cannot be misinterpreted by respondents ( see Hypothesis 3 below ) .
Perfect response rate .
All voters polled offer a response ; there are no refusals to respond to the poll , or failures to make contact with the voter being polled .
( This is a special case of 1 . , but deserves to be emphasised . )
In particular , this excludes polls that are self - selected , such as internet polls ( since in most cases , a large fraction of viewers of a web page with a poll will refuse to respond to that poll ) .
Honest responses .
The response given by a voter to the poll is an accurate representation whether that voter intends to vote for or not ; thus we ignore response - distorting effects such as the Bradley effect or push - polling , as well as tactical voting , frivolous responses , misunderstanding of the question , or attempts to “ game ” a poll by the respondents .
Fixed poll size .
The number of polled voters is fixed in advance ; in particular , one cannot keep polling until one has achieved some desired outcome , and then stop .
Simple random sampling ( without replacement ) .
Each one of the voters polled is selected uniformly at random among the entire population , thus each voter is equally likely to be selected by the poll , and no non-voter can be selected by the poll .
( In particular , we make the important assumption that there is no selection bias . )
Furthermore , each polled voter is chosen independently of all the others , except for the one condition that we do not poll any given voter more than once .
( Thus , once a voter is polled , that voter is “ crossed off the list ” of the pool of voters that one randomly selects from to determine the next voter polled . )
In particular , we assume that the poll is not clustered .
Honest reporting .
The results of the poll are always reported , with no inaccuracies ; one cannot cancel , modify , or ignore a poll once it has begun .
In particular , one cannot conduct multiple polls and only report the “ best ” results ( thus running the risk of confirmation bias ) .
Polls which deviate significantly from these hypotheses ( e.g. due to complex questions , self - selection or other selection bias , confirmation bias , inaccurate responses , a high refusal rate , variable poll size , or clustering ) will generally be less accurate than an idealised poll with the same sample size .
Of course , there is a substantial literature in statistics ( and polling methodology ) devoted to measuring , mitigating , avoiding , or compensating for these less ideal situations , but we will not discuss those ( important ) issues here .
We will remark though that in practice it is difficult to make the poll selection truly uniform .
For instance , if one is conducting a telephone poll , then the sample will of course be heavily biased towards those voters who actually own phones ; a little more subtly , it will also be biased toward those voters who are near their phones at the time the poll was conducted , and have the time and inclination to answer phone calls .
As long as these factors are not strongly correlated with the poll question ( i.e. whether the voter will vote for A ) , this is not a major concern , but in some cases , the poll methodology will need to be adjusted ( e.g. by reweighting the sample ) to compensate for the non-uniformity .
As stated in the introduction , we let be the proportion of the entire population that will vote for , and be the proportion of the polled voters that will vote for ( which , by Hypotheses 2 and 3 , is exactly equal to the proportion of polled voters that say that they will vote for ) .
Under the above idealised conditions , if the number of polled voters is 1,000 , and the size of the population is 200 million , then the margin of error is about 3 % , thus .
( See this margin of error calculator for what happens with different choices of parameters . )
There is an important subtlety here : it is only the unconditional probability of the event that is guaranteed to be greater than 0.95 .
If one has additional prior information about and , then the conditional probability of this event , relative to this information , may be very different .
For instance , if one had , prior to the poll , a very good reason to believe that is almost certainly between 0.4 and 0.6 , and then the poll reports to be 0.1 , then the conditional probability that occurs should be lower than the unconditional probability .
[ Note though that having priori information just about , and not , will not cause the probability to drop below 95 % , as this bound on the confidence level is uniform in .]
The question of how to account for prior information is a very delicate one in Bayesian probability , and will not be discussed here .
One special case of the above point is worth emphasising : the statement that is true with at least 95 % probability is only valid before one actually conducts the poll and finds out the value of .
Once is computed , the statement is either true or false , i.e. occurs with probability 1 or 0 ( unless one takes a Bayesian approach , as mentioned above ) .
[ This phenomenon of course occurs all the time in probability .
For instance , if x denotes the outcome of rolling a fair six - sided die , then before one performs this roll , the probability that x equals 1 will be 1/6 , but after one has seen what the value of this die is , the probability that x equals 1 will be either 1 or 0 . ]
— Nobody asked for my opinion ! —
One intuitive argument against a poll of small relative size being accurate goes something like this : a poll of just 1,000 people among a population of 200,000,000 is almost certainly not going to poll myself , or any of my friends or acquaintances .
If the opinions of myself , and everyone that I know , is not being considered at all in this poll , how could this poll possibly be accurate ?
It is true that if you know , say , 5,000 voting - eligible people , then chances are that none of them ( or maybe one of them , at best ) will be contacted by the above poll .
However , even though the opinions of all these people are not being directly polled , there will be many other people with equivalent opinions that will be contacted by the poll .
Through those people , the views of yourself and your friends are being represented .
[ This may seem like a very weak form of representation , but recall that you and your 5,000 friends and acquaintances still only represent 0.0025 % of the total electorate . ]
Now one may argue that no two voters are identical , and that each voter arrives at a decision of who to vote for their own unique reasons .
True enough – but recall that this poll is asking only a simple question : whether one is going to vote for A or not .
Once one narrowly focuses on this question alone , any two voters who both decide to vote for A , or to not vote for A , are considered equivalent , even if they arrive at this decision for totally different reasons .
So , for the purposes of this poll , there are only two types of voters in the world – A - voters , and not - A-voters – with all voters in one of these two types considered equivalent .
In particular , any given voter is going to have millions of other equivalent voters distributed throughout the population , and a representative fraction of those equivalent voters is likely to be picked up by the poll .
As mentioned before , polls which offer complex questions ( for instance , trying to discern the motivation behind one ’s voting choices ) will inherently be less accurate ; there are now fewer equivalent voters for each individual , and it is harder for a poll to pick up each equivalence class in a representative manner .
( In particular , the more questions that are asked , the more likely it becomes that the responses to at least one of these questions will be inaccurate by an amount exceeding its margin of error .
This provides a limit as to how much information one can confidently extract from data mining any given data set . )
— Is there enough information ? —
Another common objection to the accuracy of polls argues that there is not enough information ( or “ degrees of freedom ” ) present in the poll sample to accurately describe the much larger amount of data present in the full population ; 1,000 bits of data cannot possibly contain 200,000,000 bits of information .
However , we are not asking to find out so much information ; the purpose of the poll is to estimate just a single piece of information , namely the number .
If one is willing to accept an error of up to 3 % , then one can represent this piece of information in about five bits rather than 200,000,000 .
So , in principle at least , there is more than enough information present in the poll to recover this information ; one does not need to sample the entire population to get a good reading .
( The same general philosophy underlies compressed sensing , but that ’s another story . )
As before , the accuracy degrades as one asks more and more complicated questions .
For instance , if one were to poll 1,000 voters for their opinions on two unrelated questions A and B , each of the answers to A and B would be accurate to within 3 % with probability 95 % , but the probability that the answers to A and B were simultaneously accurate to within 3 % would be lower ( around 90 % or so ) , and so any data analysis that relies on the responses to both A and B may not have as high a confidence level as data analysis that relies on A and B separately .
This is consistent with the information - theoretic perspective : we are demanding more and more bits of information on our population , and it is harder for our fixed data set to supply so much information accurately and confidently .
— Swings —
One intuitive way to gauge the margin of error of a poll is to see how likely such a poll is to accurately detect a swing in the electorate .
Suppose for instance that over the course of a given time period ( e.g. a week ) , 7 % of the voters switch their vote from not - A to A , while another 2 % of the voters switch their vote from A to not - A , leading to a net increase of 5 % in the proportion of voters voting for A .
How does would this swing in the vote affect the proportion of the voters being polled , if one imagines the same voters being polled at both the start of the week and at the end of the week ?
If the poll was conducted by simple random sampling , then each of the 1,000 voters polled would have a 7 % probability of switching from not - A to A , and and a 2 % probability of switching from A to not - A .
Thus , one would expect about 70 of the 1,000 voters polled to switch to A , and about 20 to switch to not - A , leading to a net swing of 50 voters , that would increase by 5 % , thus matching the increase in p .
Now , in practice , there will be some variability here ; due to the luck of the draw , the poll may pick up more or less than 70 of the voters switching to A , and more or less than 20 of the voters switching to not - A .
But having 1,000 voters to sample is just about large enough for the law of large numbers to kick in and ensure that the number of voters switching to A picked up by the poll will be significantly larger than the number of voters switching to not - A .
Thus , this poll will have a good chance of detecting a swing of size 5 % or more , which is consistent with the assertion of a margin of error of about 3 % .
[ In appealing to the law of large numbers , we are implicitly exploiting the uniformity and independence assumptions in Hypothesis 5 . ]
It is worth noting that this swing of 5 % in an electorate of 200,000,000 voters represents quite a large shift in absolute terms : fourteen million voters switching to A and four million switching away from A. Quite a few of these shifting voters will be picked up by the poll ( in contrast to one ’s sphere of friends and acquaintances , which is likely to be missed completely ) .
— Irregularity —
Another intuitive objection to polling accuracy is that the voting population is far from homogeneous .
For instance , it is clear that voting preferences for the U.S. presidential election vary widely among the 50 states – should n’t one need to multiply the poll size by 50 just to accomodate this fact ?
Similarly for distinctions in voting patterns based on gender , race , party affiliation , etc .
Again , these irregularities in voter distribution do not affect the final accuracy of the poll , for two reasons .
Firstly , we are asking only the simple question of whether a voter votes for A or not -A , and are not breaking down the answers to this question by state , gender , race , or any other factor ; as stated before , two voters are considered equivalent as long as they have the same preference for A , even if they are in different states , have different genders , etc .
Secondly , while it is conceivable that the poll will cluster its sample in one particular state ( or one particular gender , etc. ) , thus potentially skewing the poll , the fact that the voters are selected uniformly and independently of each other prevents this from happening very often .
( And in any event , clustering in a demographic or geographic category is not what is of direct importance to the accuracy of the poll ; the only thing that really matters in the end is whether there is clustering in the category of A - voters or not -A-voters . )
The independence hypothesis is rather important .
If for instance one were to poll by picking one particular location in the U.S. at random , and polling 1,000 people from that location , then the responses would be highly correlated ( as one could have picked a location which happens to highly favour A , or highly favour not - A ) and would have a much larger margin of error than if one polled 1,000 people at random across the U.S. .
[ Incidentally , in the specific case of the U.S. presidential election , statewide polls are in fact more relevant to the outcome of the election than nationwide polls , due to the mechanics of the U.S. Electoral College , but this does not detract from the above points . ]
— Analogies —
Some analogies may help explain why the relative size of a sample is largely irrelevant to the accuracy of a poll .
Suppose one is in front of a large body of water ( e.g. a sea or ocean ) , and wants to determine whether it is a freshwater or saltwater body .
This can be done very easily : dip one ’s finger into the body of water and taste a single drop .
This gives an extremely accurate result , even though the relative proportion of the sample size to the population size is , literally , a drop in the ocean ; the quintillions of water molecues and salt molecues present in that drop are more than sufficient to give a good reading of the salinity of the water body .
[ To be fair , in order for this reading to be accurate , one needs to assume that the salinity is uniformly distributed across the body of water ; if for instance the body happened to be nearly fresh on one side and much saltier on the other , then dipping one ’s finger in just one of these two sides would lead to an inaccurate measurement of average salinity .
But if one were to stir the body of water vigorously , this irregularity of distribution disappears .
The procedure of taking a random sample , with each sample point being independent of all the others , is analogous to this stirring procedure . ]
Another analogy comes from digital imaging .
As we all know , a digital camera takes a picture of a real - world object ( e.g. a human face ) and converts it into an array of pixels ; an image with a larger number of pixels will generally lead to a more accurate image than one with fewer .
But even with just a handful of pixels , say 1,000 pixels , one is already able to make crude distinctions between different images , for instance to distinguish a light - skinned face from a dark - skinned face ( despite the fact that skin colour is determined by millions of cells and quintillions of pigment molecues ) .
See for instance this well - known ( and very low resolution ) image of a US president , by Leon Harmon :
— Appendix : Mathematical justification —
One can compute the margin of error for this simple sampling problem very precisely using the binomial distribution ; however I would like to present here a cruder but more robust estimate , based on the second moment method , that works in much greater generality than the setting discussed here .
( It is closely related to the arguments in my previous post on the law of large numbers . )
The main mathematical result we need is
Theorem .
Let X be a finite set , let A be a subset of X , and let be the proportion of elements of X that lie in A .
Let be sampled independently and uniformly at random from X ( in particular , we allow repetitions ) .
Let be the proportion of the ( counting repetition ) that lie in A .
Then for any , one has . ( 1 )
Proof .
We use the second moment method .
For each , let be the indicator of the event , thus when and otherwise .
Observe that each has a probability of p of equaling 1 , thus
On the other hand , we have
.
Thus
;
squaring this and taking expectations , we obtain
where is variance of , and is the covariance of .
By assumption , the random variable for are independent , and so the covariances vanish .
On the other hand , a direct computation shows that
for each i.
Putting all this together we conclude that
and the claim ( 1 ) follows from Markov ’s inequality .
Applying this theorem with n=1000 and , we conclude that p and lie within about 7 % of each other with probability at least 95 % , regardless of how large the population X is .
In the context of an election poll , this means that if one samples 1000 voters independently at random ( with replacement ) whether they would vote for A , the margin of error for the answer would be at most 7 % at the 95 % confidence level .
Remark 1 .
Observe that the proof of the above theorem did not really need the to be fully independent of each other ; the key thing was that each was close to uniformly distributed , and that the covariances between the indicators were small .
( Thus one only needs pairwise independence rather than joint independence for the theorem to hold . )
Because of this , one can also obtain variants of the above theorem when one selects for random sampling without replacement ( known as simple random sampling ) ; now there is a slight correlation between , but it turns out to be negligible when X is large , for instance when n=1000 and .
( For this range of parameters , there is a non-trivial probability of a birthday paradox occurring , so the two sampling methods are genuinely different from each other ; but they turn out to have almost the same margin of error anyway . )
Remark 2 .
If one assumes joint independence instead of pairwise independence , one can obtain slightly sharper inequalities than ( 1 ) ( e.g. by using the Chernoff inequality ) , but at the 95 % confidence level , this gives a relatively modest improvement only in the margin of error ( in our specific example , the optimal margin of error is about 3 % rather than 7 % ) .
Remark 3 .
An inspection of the argument shows that if p is known to be very small or very large , then the margin of error is better than what ( 1 ) predicts .
( In the most extreme case , if p=0 or p=1 , then it is easy to see that the margin of error is zero . )
But in the case of election polls , p is generally expected to be close to 1/2 , and so one does not expect to be able to improve the margin of error much from this effect .
And in any case , we do n’t know the value of p exactly in practice ( otherwise why would we be doing the poll in the first place ? ) .
Remark 4 .
In real world situations , it can be difficult or impractical to get the to be close to uniformly distributed ( because of sampling bias ) , and to keep the correlations low ( because of effects such as clustering ) .
Because of this , one often needs to perform a more complicated sampling procedure than simple random sampling , which requires more sophisticated statistical analysis than given by the above theorem .
This is beyond the scope of this post , though .
[ Updated , October 13 : added emphasis that the confidence level only applies before one performs the poll , not afterwards . ]
[ Updated , October 17 : Minor corrections ; thanks to Tom Verhoeff for pointing them out . ]
Eric Wilhelm asked the mentors of the Google Summer of Code projects 2008 to share their thoughts on the program and their project , so here is my blah .
I mentored Adrian Kreher 's project Flesh Out the Perl 6 Test Suite , and overall I 'm very pleased .
After being talked into becoming a mentor by Jerry " particle " Gay I was a a little nervous and not really sure if I was up to the task .
So I did what my student would be doing later on : write new tests , review old ones , move them to the " official " part of the test suite , and adapt them so that Rakudo can run them ( which basically means selectively disabling tests ) .
On
The perl soc mentor 's list I found a few links to guides on how to be a good mentor , which I read and which boil down to " communicate with your student , run his code and give him some feedback " .
So we ( my student and I ) made contact , scheduled regular meetings on IRC , I answered a few questions of his , and thus the project began .
Adrian 's work was very good in terms of quality , and after a few minor corrections and nits from my part I made myself mostly superfluous , he worked on his own .
I continued to monitor his commits , filled out the mid term and end of term surveys , and thusly passed the project for me .
Assessing the work on the test suite is a bit harder than with other project , because most projects had rather clear goals , whereas in this project the goal was " clean up the test suite as much as possible " .
It was clear from the beginning that Adrian would n't be able to make it through the whole test suite ( roughly 900 files , 20 k+ tests ) , so the quantitative goal was to create and mofify 1000 tests , which was met , as far as measurable .
As stated before I am very pleased both with Adrian 's work ( which actually helped the Rakudo developers a lot ) , and with the whole infrastructure ; there was very little administrative work to do and everybody I dealt with was friendly and helpful .
So if all works well ( enough free time , and proposals which fit my abilities ) I 'll surely offer to mentor again .
The Justice Department is finalizing rules that would allow FBI agents to solicit informants and use other new techniques to bolster the agency ’s intelligence - gathering operation in the United States , officials said Friday .
The changes would expand rules the department enacted after the Sept. 11 attacks that permitted the FBI to conduct “ assessments ” of threats of terrorism and espionage even in instances where little or no proof existed of criminal activity .
Such assessments are separate from formal investigations , which can involve more invasive investigative methods but which require harder evidence .
Justice officials said the FBI had been hamstrung in carrying out the earlier mandate because the agency had been limited to “ overt ” intelligence - gathering techniques , such as permitting agents to conduct interviews only when they identified themselves .
Advertisement
But the proposed revisions have raised concerns among civil liberties groups that the FBI would have too much latitude to collect information on U.S. residents and would be allowed to track people based on their race or ethnicity .
The new rules are expected to be signed in the next several weeks by Atty .
Gen. Michael B. Mukasey .
Meanwhile , FBI agents are already being trained as if the new rules are in effect .
The House and Senate judiciary committees are expected to question FBI Director Robert S. Mueller III on the issue next week .
Justice officials discussing the changes requested anonymity so they could speak more freely about them and because the changes have not been finalized .
The revisions underscore the changing mandate of the FBI since the Sept. 11 attacks .
While maintaining its traditional law enforcement functions , the agency has been trying to significantly boost its domestic intelligence - gathering capabilities to find terrorists before they can act .
Advertisement
That has led to different guidelines on the methods and techniques agents can use at different phases of investigations , depending on whether the probes involve potential crimes or national security concerns .
In general , agents have been more constrained when working on national security matters .
“ We view the distinction as illogical as a matter of policy , ” one of the Justice officials said .
“ It interferes with our ability to be an intelligence - driven agency . ”
The official cited a hypothetical example in which the FBI receives a tip about illegal activity in a bar .
If a tipster claims that a patron is dealing drugs , the guidelines for criminal investigations allow agents to conduct more intrusive preliminary interviews and take other action .
Advertisement
If the tipster claims the patron is raising money for a suspected terrorist group , an obvious national security concern , the alternative guidelines limit investigators to the more public methods , absent more evidence .
The officials said the new rules would also make it easier for the FBI to collect intelligence on the activities of foreign governments in the United States .
In assessing possible terrorist threats , agents now are limited to conducting interviews and gathering data through public sources , such as the Internet .
The changes would allow them to conduct physical surveillance in a public location , recruit and deploy informants , and conduct interviews without identifying themselves .
The officials said those methods are already permitted in criminal cases .
They said agents would be unable to use methods such as physical searches or wiretaps , which are limited by statute or require court approval .
Advertisement
Privacy and civil liberties advocates , who were briefed on the rules Friday by Justice Department officials , said they feared that agents would use such factors as ethnicity or religion as the basis for a threat assessment .
They also questioned the wisdom of giving the agency new authority .
The bureau has been criticized for how it has used some of the new powers it was granted after 9/11 .
“ Handing this kind of latitude to an organization already rife with internal oversight problems is a huge mistake , ” said Caroline Fredrickson of the ACLU ’s Washington office .
“ Agents will be given unparalleled leeway to investigate Americans without proper suspicion , and that will inevitably result in constitutional violations . ”
Justice officials said investigations would not be opened based solely on a person ’s race or religion .
But they also said that in many cases , such considerations cannot be ignored .
Advertisement
“ It is simply not responsible to say that race may never be taken into account when conducting an investigation , ” said spokesman Brian Roehrkasse .
He said that although the department remains sensitive to the profiling issue , “ the reality is that a number of criminal and terror groups have very strong ethnic associations . ”
--
rick.schmitt@latimes.com
It must be hard for the McCain campaign given that they pretty much got flanked to the left ( Obama ) and to the right ( Ron Paul ) in terms of the nerd audience .
The Obama campaign has a super - slick website .
It ’s awesome .
It provides a great way for supporters to do a lot of work for the campaign .
Instead of having real phone banks or using automated dialers , the Obama campaign has people call a call - distributor .
You can do five or ten calls from the comfort of your own home .
Instead of spamming , the Obama campaign has Facebook groups .
And , in general , the biggest asset is people like my friend Scott ( who is not normally very political ) who changed his Yahoo !
Messenger logo to have the Obama logo and urged me to sign up on the site .
This is not an inherent democrat advantage .
Clinton ’s website was n’t nearly this cool .
And Ron Paul , after he piqued the interest of a LOT of nominally leftist folk , was able to very effectively use the Internet .
The McCain campaign is n’t nearly as smart .
I suspect they did n’t get the right nerd to show them ways to really campaign on the Internet .
But , because of the number of people online , they could n’t just abandon it .
So they are spamming .
And they are n’t doing a very good job at it .
So I ’m getting spam from the McCain campaign talking about veteran ’s issues ( I ’m not a veteran ) and inviting me to the Ohio “ Road to the convention ” rally ( I have n’t lived in Ohio full time in over a decade ) and it ’s very clear that they have probably purchased some pretty crappy databases of email addresses .
Now , I ’d expect this sort of activity from a spammer .
Heck , I still get spam with the old address in Ohio trying to sell me on mortgages and stuff that I see whenever I delete my spam filter .
But is it too much to ask that a potential president not be of the same moral character as people who sell herbal penis enlargement pills over the Internet ?
Update : I got some more spam .
Looks like they think they are mailing my pa , who also does n’t live in Ohio anymore , either .
I get spam that puts our old address in Ohio in the subject line to look legitimate and convince me to open it .
I see it every time I clear out my spam filter .
PRINCETON , NJ -- The Sept. 15 - 17 Gallup Poll Daily tracking update shows Barack Obama with a 48 % to 44 % lead over John McCain among registered voters , marking the first time that Obama has held a statistically significant lead in two weeks .
The presidential race has essentially devolved back to a structure very similar to what pertained throughout the months of June and July , during which time Obama consistently averaged a three percentage point lead over McCain .
There have been fairly significant shifts over the last several weeks , including periods of time in and around the conventions during which both Obama and McCain established leads , and times when the race was essentially tied .
But beginning this week , it appears the voters have settled , for the moment , back into the familiar pattern in which the race remains close with a slight tilt towards Obama .
Separate Gallup tracking shows that consumer confidence has become significantly more negative as this week progressed , signifying that Americans are clearly paying attention to the major problems facing Wall Street and the big drops in the stock market on Monday and Wednesday .
It is not possible to determine precisely how much of Obama 's gain this week may have been directly caused by Americans ' reactions to the economic stories dominating news coverage in newspapers , television , and on the Internet , although this is a plausible explanation .
( To view the complete trend since March 7 , 2008 , click here . ) -- Frank Newport
( Click here to see how the race currently breaks down by demographic subgroup . )
Survey Methods
For the Gallup Poll Daily tracking survey , Gallup is interviewing no fewer than 1,000 U.S. adults nationwide each day during 2008 .
The general - election results are based on combined data from Sept. 15 - 17 , 2008 .
For results based on this sample of 2,815 registered voters , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
To provide feedback or suggestions about how to improve Gallup.com , please e-mail feedback@gallup.com .
A spokesman for the website said : " YouTube has clear policies that prohibit inappropriate content on the site , such as pornography , gratuitous violence or hate speech .
Our community understands the rules and polices the site for inappropriate material .
When users feel content is inappropriate they can flag it and our staff then review it as quickly as possible to see if it violates our Terms of Use .
If users repeatedly break these rules we disable their accounts . "
0
The Organization of American States ( OAS ) Inter - American Observatory on Public Security ( www.alertamerica.org) has just released new and updated regional , sub regional and national information on prisons from 34 OAS Member Countries .
The Observatory collects official data and works together with UNODC in the implementation of the CTS process .
The Observatory has posted new data on adults held in prisons ; children deprived of liberty ; untried persons held ; prisoners sentenced for illicit drugs , robbery and homicide ; and occupancy rates , by gender and age for all 34 countries of North , South , Central America and the Caribbean .
For more data and information please visit the following URL :
http://www.oas.org/dsp/observatorio/database/indicators.aspx?lang=en
Do nor hesitate to contact me in case you need more information .
Kind regards ,
Luiz O. Coimbra
Head , Information on Public Security Unit
Department of Public Security
Organization of American States
1889 F Street , NW , 20006
Washington , DC
Office phone : +1 ( 202 ) 370 5083
Cell phone : +1 ( 202 ) 538 0515
Email : lcoimbra@oas.org
Visit the OAS Inter - American Observatory on Public Security Posted on 17 Dec 2013 Luiz O. Coimbra New and updated data on prisons from 34 countries in the Western Hemisphere : The Organization of American States ( OAS ) Inter - American Observatory on Public Security ( www.alertamerica.org) has just released new and updated regional , sub regional and national information on prisons from 34 OAS Member Countries .
The Observatory collects official data and works together with UNODC in the implementation of the CTS process .
The Observatory has posted new data on adults held in prisons ; children deprived of liberty ; untried persons held ; prisoners sentenced for illicit drugs , robbery and homicide ; and occupancy rates , by gender and age for all 34 countries of North , South , Central America and the Caribbean .
For more data and information please visit the following URL : http://www.oas.org/dsp/observatorio/database/indicators.aspx?lang=enDo nor hesitate to contact me in case you need more information .
Kind regards , Luiz O. CoimbraHead , Information on Public Security UnitDepartment of Public SecurityOrganization of American States1889 F Street , NW , 20006 Washington , DCOffice phone : +1 ( 202 ) 370 5083 Cell phone : +1 ( 202 ) 538 0515 Email : lcoimbra@oas.org Visit the OAS Inter - American Observatory on Public Security
0
These are figures compiled by the respected International Centre for Prison Studies in London in association with University of Essex and can be accessed here :
http://www.prisonstudies.org/info/worldbrief/wpb_country.php?country=61
In a population of 11,250,000 that equates to 0.5 persons per 100,000 .
Statisticians among you may be able to explain why only whole numbers are reported in the data .
That puts the US figure of 715 into stark relief .
Posted on 17 Jul 2013 SMcG
In answer to all of those questions about Cuba , there were 57,337 prisoners in Cuba in May 2010 according to the Cuban Ministry responsible .
These are figures compiled by the respected International Centre for Prison Studies in London in association with University of Essex and can be accessed here :
http://www.prisonstudies.org/info/worldbrief/wpb_country.php?country=61In a population of 11,250,000 that equates to 0.5 persons per 100,000 .
Statisticians among you may be able to explain why only whole numbers are reported in the data .
That puts the US figure of 715 into stark relief .
0
1/ Differences in drug laws many are misdemeanors in Canada
2/ Minimum sentencing means longer prison stays for lessor crimes .
3/ Privatization of the prison system these have to produce a profit so the large companies are promoting longer prison terms and more minimum sentencing for minor crimes etc
bob Posted on 28 Oct 2011 bob
The number 1 thru 3 reasons1 / Differences in drug laws many are misdemeanors in Canada2 / Minimum sentencing means longer prison stays for lessor crimes .3/ Privatization of the prison system these have to produce a profit so the large companies are promoting longer prison terms and more minimum sentencing for minor crimes etcbob
0
What is the main cause of this difference ?
Posted on 25 Sep 2011 AR - 15 I am wondering why there is so big difference between USA and Canada .
What is the main cause of this difference ?
Some types of data can be held in more than one kind of collection .
Unordered objects that are already guaranteed unique can be sensibly held in an NSArray or an NSSet .
Anything an NSDictionary can hold can be held in an NSMapTable .
In this post , I measure the performance of creating and using these different options to help you choose which one is right for you .
Disambiguation
A few weeks ago , I wrote about how NSMapTable and NSDictionary can hold different types of data in different ways .
Someone immediately asked : " Which is faster when holding the same data ? "
I could guess but I did n't really know .
Then I starting thinking about other collections choices which may be ambiguous .
I realised that I was writing code that holds a collection of guaranteed unique , unordered objects — just so that I could iterate over them .
I used an NSSet for the purpose ( since that class defines " unique and unordered " ) but since the objects were already guaranteed unique before I created the set , I wondered : how much more efficient would my code be if I used an NSArray instead ?
So there are two situations to test for performance :
NSArray versus NSSet
versus NSDictionary versus NSMapTable
Remember that these tests will only apply to situations where either collection is technically capable of holding the same data .
Methodology
You can download the code I used for the tests .
To summarise , I create two arrays of data :
the " keys " — an array of NSString where each string is a 10 digit string containing being a string representation of its index .
where each string is a 10 digit string containing being a string representation of its index .
the " objects " — an array of NSNumbers where each number is an integer set to its index .
I tested with one million objects in each of these arrays ( n = 1,000,000 ) .
The arrays were in turn used to provide the data for the collections that I would test .
The one column collections ( NSArray and NSSet ) are created and tested with objects from the " objects " source array only .
The two column collections ( NSMapTable and NSDictionary ) created and tested with objects from the " keys " and objects " source arrays .
My test machine was a PPC G5 2x2 Ghz .
Long live dying platforms !
Results
NSArray versus NSSet
Test Time taken for NSArray
Time taken for NSSet Creating incrementally ( capacity not set ) 0.582256 seconds 2.67101 seconds Creating incrementally ( capacity set correctly ) 0.572139 seconds 0.930725 seconds Iterating contents 0.004713 seconds 0.025864 seconds
Incidentally , constructing an NSSet using setWithArray : takes the same time as the " capacity not set " , so if you know the objects in the array are unique , it would be best to set the capacity and copy the data yourself .
Lookup in NSArray versus NSSet
Note : these results were generated with n = 10,000
Test Time taken for NSArray Time taken for NSSet Searching for all objects 29.2667 seconds ( indexOfObject : )
0.185051 seconds ( indexOfObjectIdenticalTo : ) 0.00833601 seconds
These results should not be surprising .
This test is included for completeness because both collections are capable of inclusion testing .
Searching an array for an objects works well for n < 100 .
As you can see , by n = 10,000 the O( n ^ 2 ) behavior of the NSArray tests ( an O ( n ) lookup times n lookups ) makes it a bad choice compared to the O(n ) of the NSSet tests ( constant time lookup times n lookups ) .
I was n't going to wait for this test with n = 1,000,000 but I assure you , both NSArray approaches would take an amount of time in the minutes or maybe hours .
NSDictionary versus NSMapTable
Test Time taken for NSDictionary
Time taken for NSMapTable Construction 3.45922 seconds 2.32607 seconds Iterating keys and querying each object 0.60859 seconds 0.770289 seconds
Conclusions
Yes , NSArray is faster than NSSet for simply holding and iterating .
As little as 50 % faster for constructing and as much as 500 % faster for iterating .
Lesson : if you only need to iterate contents , do n't use an NSSet .
Of course , if you need to test for inclusion , work hard to avoid NSArray .
Even if you need both iteration and inclusion testing , you should probably still choose an NSSet .
If you need to keep your collection ordered and also test for inclusion , then you should consider keeping two collections ( an NSArray and an NSSet ) , each containing the same objects .
NSDictionary is slower to construct than NSMapTable — since it needs to copy the key data .
It makes up for this by being faster to lookup .
Of course , the two have different capabilities so most of the time , this determination should be made on other factors .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Mold , maggots and piles of festering trash - no wonder home prices are in freefall .
It 's not just the subprime mortgage crisis that 's to blame for plummeting home prices .
A flood of squalid properties on the market is helping to exaggerate the post - bubble price declines .
" Part of the reason home prices are declining is a fundamental deterioration in the housing stock , " said Glenn Kelman , CEO of the online , discount broker Redfin .
" During the boom , nine out of 10 houses for sale in many markets were in prime condition .
Now , for every 10 houses , at least three are dogs . "
Most of these mutts are foreclosed properties that have been permitted to fall into disrepair by lenders overwhelmed with thousands of vacant homes .
If these houses sell at all , they 're going for bargain basement prices that are hurting home values throughout the neighborhood .
" I 've never seen so many houses in this condition before , " said Ray Anderson of Buyer 's Advantage Real Estate in Auburn Calif . , near Sacramento .
" And I 've been in the business 20 years .
I 've seen bank - owned properties in the past .
They were never like this . "
Distressed properties usually sell for discounts of 10 % to 40 % below comparable , well - maintained homes , according to Tom Inserra , executive vice president for Zaio , an appraisal company that is creating a national database of home values .
Richard Smith , CEO of Realogy , the parent company for Coldwell Banker , Century 21 and Sotheby 's International Realty , estimates that homes that are not bank - owned have actually only seen price declines in the low single digits over the past 12 months .
That 's compared with the 15 % price drop recorded by the S&P / Case - Shiller Index for all homes over the same period .
' Crime scene '
Lori Mize has firsthand experience with horrible homes for sale .
She waited for years for prices to come down in her Elk Grove , Calif .
home area , just east of Sacramento .
With the median home there now selling 30 % below the market 's peak , Mize thought it was time to buy .
But nearly all the homes in her price range - $ 250,000 to $ 300,000 - are bank - owned properties , which tend to be in the most beat - up condition .
After looking at a few of them , she was almost ready to give up .
" The first one I saw was the worst home I had ever seen in my life , " said the married mother of two young girls .
" There were magic - marker messages on the front door saying , ' STAY OUT . '
They had poured paint and other stuff on the carpets .
There was a lot of trash .
I felt like I was at the scene of a crime .
I would n't let my daughters touch anything . "
In Florida , another foreclosure hot spot , vacant homes deteriorate rapidly in the high heat and humidity .
Garbage and food that 's left behind fester .
" The properties smell , " said Eve Alexander , an agent in Orlando .
" You find maggots .
The swimming pools are green .
The lawns dry up .
They 're eyesores .
Neighbors yell at us to water the lawn . "
Often the homes have been stripped bare .
" All the kitchen appliances , cabinets and countertops , bathroom fixtures , lights are [ stolen ] , " she said .
Others trash the place before they leave , according to Adele Hrovat , a real estate agent with the Buyer 's Realty of Las Vegas .
" They punch holes in the walls , dump oil on the carpets .
The banks are so overwhelmed , they have n't gotten to the point when they send in crews to fix them up , " she said .
Indeed , soaring foreclosures have returned many houses to their lenders , who put them right back on the market - usually as is .
Nationally 18.6 % of all homes sold during the three months ended June 30 were foreclosures , compared with just 7 % during the same period a year earlier , and 3.1 % in 2006 , according to the real estate Web site Zillow.com .
And that does n't include short sales , which is when a home is sold for less than the mortgage balance and the bank forgives the unpaid balance and also account for a lot of sales in many areas .
Just a few years ago in Detroit , only one in a hundred listings were foreclosures or short sales , according to agent David Mills of Homebuyer 's Realty .
Now half of the listings are .
Some have been badly damaged and suffered huge drops in value .
" A three - year old home that recently sold for $ 660,000 is listed for $ 350,000 .
There 's no kitchen , no master bath .
The toilet was taken , the tub , cabinets gone . "
A growing problem
With the number of foreclosed properties projected to keep rising , there seems to be no end in sight to falling prices , according to Texas A&M real estate economist Mark Dotzour .
Even though many of these dilapidated homes are actually pretty good bargains , Dotzour is n't surprised that more people are n't jumping in .
Everyone is reluctant to buy in a declining market .
" Once buyers start to feel confident that prices in a given community have stabilized , they 'll start buying again , " he said .
For that to happen , the natural population increase will have to absorb all the excess housing inventory , until supply and demand are in balance again .
In the meantime , Congress has allocated $ 4 billion for municipalities to rehab derelict foreclosures in an effort to prevent them from dragging down nearby neighborhoods .
But mostly hitting bottom is just waiting for market events to play out and the construction of new homes drops and remains below below the replacement rate for a while .
" Once that inventory is gone , we 'll be at the market bottom , and the price trajectory will flatten out , " said Dotzour .
Until then , dilapidated homes will continue to aggravate the steep price drops being recorded throughout the nation .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - A decision to dismiss appeals against the controversial fast - track approval of a Microsoft MSFT.
O document format has provoked six members of global standards - setting body ISO to question ISO 's relevance .
Brazil , India , South Africa and Venezuela -- countries with fast - growing IT markets -- had appealed against ISO ’s stamp of approval for Microsoft Office Open XML ( OOXML ) , an endorsement likely to help the software giant win more public - sector contracts .
A significant minority of national standards bodies had voted against approving the Microsoft format , which is an alternative to the open - source Open Document Format that has been a published ISO standard since 2006 .
But ISO , together with the International Electrotechnical Commission , decided earlier this month that those appeals were not worth pursuing -- meaning OOXML will soon become an ISO standard , provided no new appeals are lodged .
This weekend , the state IT organizations of Brazil , South Africa , Venezuela , Ecuador , Cuba and Paraguay published a declaration saying they were no longer confident that ISO would be a vendor - neutral organization .
“ Whereas in the past it has been assumed that an ISO / IEC standard should automatically be considered for use within government , clearly this position no longer stands , ” they wrote on the South African representative ’s site ( www.raffee.co.za).
“ The bending of the rules to facilitate the fast - track processing ... remains a significant concern to us , ” they said , referring to a process many parties had complained was too fast and not transparent enough for such a complex format .
Microsoft lost a first vote on OOXML -- which is opposed by advocates of open - source software that can be freely shared and modified -- but won a second vote after a week - long ballot resolution meeting to discuss the 6,000 - page specifications .
Many public bodies prefer to keep documents in formats whose specifications are owned by ISO , to avoid the risk that they will be unable to access their own archives -- or have to pay to do so -- in the future .
ISO is a non-governmental organization made up of the national standards of 157 countries .
It sprang up in the 1940s in response to demand for standard specifications for materials needed to rebuild the infrastructure of war - shattered countries .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Barack Obama said on Wednesday the United States must be willing to strike al Qaeda targets inside Pakistan , adopting a tough tone after a chief rival accused him of naivete in foreign policy .
Obama ’s stance comes amid debate in Washington over what to do about a resurgent al Qaeda and Taliban in areas of northwest Pakistan that President Pervez Musharraf has been unable to control , and concerns that new recruits are being trained there for a September 11 - style attack against the United States .
Obama said if elected in November 2008 he would be willing to attack inside Pakistan with or without approval from the Pakistani government , a move that would likely cause anxiety in the already troubled region .
“ If we have actionable intelligence about high - value terrorist targets and President Musharraf wo n’t act , we will , ” Obama said .
The Illinois Democrat is trying to convince Americans he has the foreign policy heft to be president after a rival candidate , New York Democratic Sen.
Hillary Clinton , questioned his readiness to be commander in chief .
Clinton last week labeled Obama naive for saying he would be willing to meet the leaders of Iran , Cuba , Syria , North Korea and Venezuela without preconditions in his first year in office .
A poll by The Wall Street Journal and NBC News said Clinton has widened her lead over Obama , going up to 43 percent in July from 39 percent in June .
Obama tallied 22 percent , down from 25 percent in June .
Senator Barack Obama speaks during a townhall meeting at the National Council of La Raza conference in Miami Beach July 22 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Hans Deryk
Those polled cited Clinton ’s experience and competence highest among her positive attributes .
Obama said he would make hundreds of millions of dollars in U.S. military aid to Pakistan conditional on Pakistan making substantial progress in closing down training camps , evicting foreign fighters and preventing the Taliban from using Pakistan as a staging area for attacks on Afghanistan .
White House spokesman Tony Snow said Pakistan was working hard to fight al Qaeda and the Taliban , and Washington was doing what it could in support .
“ At the same time , we recognize the sovereignty of the Pakistani government and realize that they ’re putting on a serious push ...
They ’re taking the fight to al Qaeda , ” Snow said .
IRAQ AND AFGHANISTAN
Clinton , in an interview with the American Urban Radio Network , stressed the importance of the Pakistanis “ taking the actions that only they can take within their own country . ”
But she did not rule out U.S. attacks inside Pakistan , citing the missile attacks her husband , then - President Bill Clinton , ordered against Osama bin Laden in Afghanistan in 1998 .
“ If we had actionable intelligence that Osama bin Laden or other high - value targets were in Pakistan I would ensure that they were targeted and killed or captured , ” she said .
Another Democratic candidate , former North Carolina Sen. John Edwards , said he would not hesitate to use force against extremists but said , “ I believe we must first use maximum diplomatic and economic pressure on states like Pakistan and Saudi Arabia to take all necessary actions to stop al Qaeda . ”
Obama criticized President George W. Bush ’s emphasis on al Qaeda in Iraq and said as president he would end the war there and refocus efforts on the al Qaeda threat in Afghanistan and Pakistan by sending at least two additional U.S. brigades to Afghanistan .
He said that “ because of a war in Iraq that should never have been authorized and should never have been waged , we are now less safe than we were before 9/11 . ”
A bunch of threads on the perl5 - porters mailing list made me aware of a rather obscure perl 5 feature .
I was quite familiar with the basic form , which goes like this :
while ( <> ) { print ; }
This either reads from all files in turn that were given on the command line , or from STDIN if no file name was provided .
Now <> actually uses open internally , specifically the 2 argument form .
Which means that anything that is valid as the second argument to open also works in @ARGV :
local @ARGV = ( ' fortune |' ) ; print while <>;
Instead of trying to open a file called fortune | , it actually executes the command fortune and uses it output for the <> " diamond operator " .
This feature can be used for quite some tricky and shiny stuff , but it 's also dangerous .
If your perl program uses <> , it is vulnerable to the command line argument rm - rf * | and similar things , also known as " arbitrary code execution " .
Therefore the perl porters are discussing about disabling this feature , and making the old , magic behaviour available with a command line switch or a pragma .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A third body found in the remains of a millionaire businessman 's mansion has been taken away by police .
The bodies of Jill Foster , 49 , and an unidentified man were found in the ruins of Osbaston House in Maesbrook , Shropshire , days after Tuesday 's blaze .
Kirstie Foster , 15 , and her father Christopher , 50 , are unaccounted for .
The remains of a third person , which were found on Sunday evening , were removed from the site after a long operation by officers .
Detectives have said they are treating the case as a murder inquiry .
Post - mortem expected A post - mortem examination can now be carried out on the third body , which is expected to be identified as Kirstie Foster .
Police removed the body after a long and meticulous process and enlisted the help of a forensic archaeologist to give them expert advice .
The family have not been seen since Osbaston House burnt down Post - mortem tests revealed Mrs Foster had been shot in the head prior to the blaze , which police said was started deliberately at about 0500 BST last Tuesday .
Tests were being carried out to establish whether a rifle , which was legitimately owned by Mr Foster , was the murder weapon .
Officers said the cause of death for the second body , believed to be a man , still had to be established , along with the dead person 's identity .
Three horses and four dogs were also found dead in the house and its outbuildings .
All had been shot .
The Fosters were last seen the night before the blaze at a friend 's barbecue and Kirstie had been online until about 0100 BST on the morning of the fire .
Mr Foster made his fortune developing insulation technology for oil rigs .
Court documents show that his company , Ulva Ltd , which had gone into liquidation , faced legal action from one of its suppliers for thousands of pounds and also owed about £ 800,000 in tax .
Kirstie wrote on her page on the social networking site Bebo that her horses were her " life " and posted dozens of pictures of her with the animals .
Arson mansion in close - up
Friends of hers have been leaving messages on her page .
One friend , Chloe , wrote : " I can't belive that one of the bodys was your mam .
RIP Jill Foster .
I hope that the other body isnt your dad . "
Another friend called Lucy added : " Forever in our hearts , once there forever in our lives . "
Kirstie 's head teacher at Ellesmere College Brendan Wignall said it would be " inappropriate to comment " at the moment .
' Deeply concerned '
In a statement , he said : " We are awaiting confirmation of identity from West Mercia Constabulary ; despite the obvious speculation , I feel that it would be inappropriate to comment further until facts had been confirmed by the authorities .
" We are all deeply concerned about this latest development in the ongoing investigation . "
Special prayers for the family were held on Sunday at Maesbrook Parish Church .
The Reverend Prebendary David Austerberry said the local community had been " bewildered and stunned " by what had happened .
Det Supt Jon Groves , of West Mercia Police , said the search and examination of the property could take weeks .
He said : " I am grateful for the continued support of those living in the area .
" Our thoughts remain with the families of Chris , Jill and Kirstie Foster and we will follow up every possible line of inquiry to establish what happened at Osbaston House in the early hours of Tuesday . "
Flowers have been laid near the scene , including some from one of Kirstie 's friends with a note saying : " School will never be the same without you . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
George Washington ’s Blog
Thursday , Sept 25 , 2008
CNN is reporting that McCain has “ suspended his campaign ” and is asking Obama to do the same , due to the economic crisis :
Republican presidential candidate Sen. John McCain announced Wednesday that he is suspending his campaign to return to Washington and focus on the “ historic ” crisis facing the U.S. economy .
Is this the first step in canceling the elections due to “ national emergency ” ?
Is that part of the reason that the U.S. military is permanently being deployed within the U.S. to deal with “ civil unrest ” and “ crowd control ” ?
Many of us have been warning about this possibility for years .
Hopefully , McCain ’s suspension of his campaign is just political posturing , and he will return to the campaign next week .
Hopefully , this is not the first step in canceling the election .
Norway ’s wealth : Not just oil
Thorvaldur Gylfason
Norwegians enjoy a very high standard of living .
Is it due to their oil ?
This column describes the country ’s impressive economic development during the twentieth century and highlights lessons from Norway ’s management of its oil wealth .
Norwegian children are taught in school that Norway was Europe ‘s most impoverished country in 1905 , when the Norwegians unilaterally dissolved their royal union with Sweden and declared full independence .
This is not quite true ; Finland and Iceland were even poorer than Norway at the time .
A hundred years later , the five Nordic countries form an economic cluster , sharing similar living standards , with Norway leading the pack .
In Denmark , Finland , Iceland , and Sweden , per capita GDP ( at purchasing power parity ) in 2005 was between $ 32,000 to $ 35,000 , compared with $ 42,000 in Norway and the United States .
How did Norway do it ?
Many Norwegians believe that their natural resource wealth – first timber , then hydropower , now oil and natural gas – transformed Norway in one short century from a destitute place to one of the most affluent countries of the world .
But is this a correct description ?
I have my doubts .
Finland and Iceland ‘s per capita incomes were only about a half of those of Denmark and Sweden around 1900 .
Yet , since then , Finland and Iceland have caught up without the gifts of nature offering a clear and decisive advantage , even if Finland had timber and Iceland had fish .
Iceland had always had fish , but it was not until the natives had acquired the requisite education and technology that they were able to launch a fishing industry .
An even clearer case is that of Ireland and the United Kingdom .
The Irish were significantly less well off than the British in 1900 , and now Ireland ‘s per capita GDP has surpassed that of the mother country ; yet neither nation possesses any significant natural resources apart from farmland ( plus a dash of oil in the case of the UK ) .
It seems likely that Norway would have caught up with the rest of Europe with or without its natural resources , much as Ireland caught up with the UK without the benefit of natural resource wealth .
This is also how Denmark , Finland , Iceland , and Sweden , which in the second half of the 19th century lost a quarter of its population to emigration , were able to lift themselves up from close to the bottom of the heap in Europe around 1900 to close to the top in 2000 , despite benefiting to varying degrees from their natural wealth .
The decisive factor was the people .
Norway , of course , always had its natural resources ; but it was only with the advent of educated labour that it became possible for the Norwegians to harness those resources on a significant scale .
Human capital accumulation was the primary force behind the economic transformation of Norway ; natural capital was secondary .
Human capital accumulation can lift living standards without natural capital ( as in Japan and Singapore , for example ) , but natural capital is of little help or worse without the human resources necessary to harness it ( consider Congo ) .
Not unexpectedly , in light of its considerable oil wealth , Norway exhibits some ( weak ) symptoms of the Dutch disease :
An almost stagnant ratio of exports of goods and services to GDP since before oil and gas became Norway ’s main export commodity , suggesting significant crowding out of nonoil exports by oil exports ;
The absence from Norway of world - renowned high - tech companies such as Denmark ’s Bang & Olufsen , Finland ’s Nokia , and Sweden ’s LM Ericsson and Volvo ; and , one might add ,
An unwillingness by the Norwegian government , or perhaps we should rather call it a lack of urgency , to undertake pressing reforms in the public sector , including education and especially health care as suggested , for example , by an eye - opening report by Professor Victor Norman and associates in the early 1990s .
1
True , there have been significant reforms , but they have not increased efficiency nearly enough .
Perhaps Norway ’s persistent lack of interest in joining the European Union and adopting the euro should be viewed in this light .
Higher incomes , less work
The above discussion raises the following question :
Does the fact that Norway managed only to advance to a slightly higher level of per capita income than its Nordic neighbours that are much less well endowed with natural resources mean that Norway failed to exploit its resources as fully as it could have ?
Did something go wrong ?
My answer is no , for two reasons .
First , Norway ’s level of GDP per hour worked is substantially higher than that of its Nordic neighbours because Norwegian employees work about 1,400 hours per year , compared with 1,600 hours in Denmark and Sweden , 1,750 in Finland , and 1,800 in Iceland .
2
The Norwegians have taken out their steadily increasing standard of living on two fronts at once - through higher incomes and more leisure .
For this reason , per capita income growth understates the rapid advance of Norwegian living standards .
Growth of income per hour worked , a broader and better measure of economic wellbeing , suggests the emergence of a larger difference between Norway and its neighbours .
Second , without its resource wealth , Norway would almost surely have achieved a comparable economic success by employing its increasingly well - educated labour force in other ways .
Then Norway , like its neighbours , would most likely have built up more high - tech firms , but oil wealth and the concomitantly high exchange rate of the Norwegian krone , another common symptom of the Dutch disease , thwarted such an outcome .
Norway ’s oil management regime
Norway ’s sensible approach to oil wealth management deserves the attention it has received in other resource - rich countries around the world .
Norway ’s approach has several key features :
From the beginning , before the first drop of oil emerged , the oil and gas reserves within Norwegian jurisdiction were defined by law as common property resources , thereby clearly establishing the legal rights of the Norwegian people to the resource rents .
On this legal basis , the government has absorbed about 80 percent of the resource rent over the years , having learnt the hard way in the 1970s to use a relatively small portion of the total to meet current fiscal needs .
Most oil revenue is set aside in the state petroleum fund , recently renamed the pension fund to reflect its intended use .
The government laid down economic as well as ethical principles ( commandments ) to guide the use and exploitation of the oil and gas for the benefit of current and future generations of Norwegians .
The main political parties have , from the beginning , shared an understanding that the national economy needed to be shielded from an excessive influx of oil money to avoid overheating and waste .
The Central Bank ( Norges Bank ) , which was granted increased independence from the government in 2001 , manages the fund ( around $ 400 billion or $ 85,000 per Norwegian ) on behalf of the Ministry of Finance .
This maintains a distance between politicians and the fund .
The fund constitutes net government wealth as no offsetting government borrowing takes place .
For all these reasons , Norway was able to avoid rent seeking and related problems that have afflicted other oil exporting countries – Iran , Libya , Mexico , Nigeria , Russia , Saudi Arabia , Sudan , Venezuela , etc .
Clearly , what sets Norway apart from those other countries is that Norway was a well - functioning , full - fledged democracy long before its oil discoveries .
Democrats are less likely than dictators to try to grab resources to consolidate their political power .
3
Oil and other forms of energy have become Norway ’s main export in more ways than one as the state - owned Statoil Hydro is now present in some 40 countries around the world .
In this light , and also in view of Norway ’s successful management of its substantial hydroelectric resources , also through state ownership , it is striking that Norway ’s management of yet another important natural resource – fish – has left much to be desired , to put it mildly , as is the case in most other fisheries around Europe and the world with dwindling fish stocks , some on the verge of extinction due to overfishing and other forms of mismanagement .
4
In Norway , there may be a rational reason for the difference .
It was decided decades ago to subsidise the fishing industry in northern Norway , much like agriculture , and to limit the size of trawlers permitted to fish in Norwegian waters , among other regulations .
The authorities would hardly ever admit this , but they seem to have held back the efficiency of the fishing industry in a deliberate effort to maintain its manpower needs to stem migration from north to south .
If so , this was not solely a regional policy undertaking , and hardly a cost - effective one as such , but also a matter of foreign policy as Norway shares part of its northern border with Russia .
It is , perhaps , easier to build a management system from scratch , with no vested interests in place , as the Norwegians did with their oil management .
Footnotes
1 See Victor Norman et al. ( 1991 ) , Mot bedre vitende ?
Effektiviseringsmuligheter i offentlig virksomhet ( Against Better Judgment ?
How to Make the Public Sector More Efficient ) , SNF - rapport 4/91 , Stiftelsen for Samfunns - og
Næringslivsforskning , Norwegian School of Business Administration , Bergen .
2 Source : Angus Madisson and associates at the University of Groningen , http://www.ggdc.net.
3 Mehlum , Halvor , Karl Ove Moene , and Ragnar Torvik , “ Cursed by resources or institutions ? ” , World Economy , 2006 , August , pp. 1117-1031 .
4 See my recent VoxEU column , Dwindling fish : what ’s the catch ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Police have released CCTV footage of a 14 - year - old boy being struck by a bus outside a school in southern Scotland .
Dumfries and Galloway Constabulary want to make other pupils aware of the dangers passing traffic can pose .
The boy broke his nose and shoulder in the incident , which police say he was lucky to survive .
He has now made a full recovery .
USAMRIID toxicologist says friend and colleague Bruce Ivins not guilty , roots of corruption deeper
Steve Watson
Infowars.net
September 9 , 2008
A former colleague and friend of Bruce Ivins , and the original suspect in the FBI ’s investigation into the 2001 anthrax attacks , has declared that Ivins did not kill himself and was not behind the attack that killed five people shortly after 9/11 .
Dr. Ayaad Assaad , an Egyptian - born toxicologist at the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , made the comments in an interview with a local newspaper in the area of Fort Detrick last weekend .
The Frederick News Post reported :
Assaad , who worked in a U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Disease lab at Fort Detrick from 1989 to 1997 developing a vaccine for ricin , said in an interview Saturday he does not believe Ivins was guilty .
“ He ’s a great man .
He ’s honorable , sincere , honest and most important , he did n’t kill five people and he did n’t kill himself , ” Assaad told the newspaper .
Assaad knew Ivins well , not only were they colleagues but their four children were all classmates In Frederick .
Assaad was extensively questioned by the FBI On October 1 , 2001 , a fortnight after the first anthrax letters were mailed .
It later emerged that the FBI ’s lead , a letter from an unidentified person who claimed Assaad was planning a biological terrorist attack , was false .
The mystery letter identified Assaad as a former USAMRIID microbiologist and also pinpointed his time at the U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Chemical Defense at Aberdeen Proving Ground in Harford County , indicating that whoever sent it had access to detailed army records .
The anonymous letter was sent shortly after 9/11 but before anyone knew about the anthrax - laced letters .
On October 5 , 2001 , about 10 days after the anonymous letter was mailed , Robert Stevens , Photo Editor of The Sun in Florida , became the first of five individuals to die from an anthrax infection , indicating that someone had wanted to frame Assaad for the attacks .
“ This anthrax issue is part of a much bigger issue , ” Assaad also commented .
“ The roots of corruption are so deep in ( USAMRIID ) , and this is the thing that the people in Frederick do n’t understand . ”
Former government biological weapons legislator Dr. Francis Boyle shares Assaad ’s view that Ivins has been used as a patsy in a larger cover up .
" Ivins is only the latest dead microbiologist . "
Boyle stated , " You also have to tie into this the large numbers of dead microbiologists that have appeared since around the summer before these events , when the New York Times revealed the existence of the covert anthrax weapons programs run by the CIA , and that too is in the public record . "
For reports on the latest anthrax cover up check the links below :
Demand that the FBI Reveal How Much of Ivins ’ Anthrax Sample was Taken by Other People
Insights Into the Question of Whether the Anthrax was Weaponized
The Anthrax Attack Was a Classic False Flag Operation Targeting Arabs
Hair Samples in Anthrax Case Do n’t Match
Proof that Ivins Could n’t Have Done It ( At Least Not Alone )
Handwriting Analysis Fails to Tie Ivins to Anthrax Letters
The Killer Anthrax Did Not Even Originate at Fort Detrick
FBI said to have stalked Ivins ’ family
Colonel Anderson Refutes False Allegations Against Dr. Ivins
Explained : Why The Anthrax Strain Was Found in Ivins ’ Office
Questions about the Anthrax Suspect and His Interactions with Mental Health Professionals
Inside the tent , the best bioterrorist money could buy ?
Olbermann Countdown : Anthrax Attacks Inside Job ?
Scientists Question FBI Probe On Anthrax : Ivins Could Not Have Been Attacker , Some Say
Anthrax Suspect Was Involuntarily Committed to Psychiatric Hospital Shortly Before His Death
The FBI Admits It Has No Case Against Ivins
CIA Had Killer Anthrax
Anthrax Attack Was State - Sponsored Terror ( But the State Was America )
My Conversation With a Ft. Detrick Scientist
Ivins Can Defend Himself in Court and Obtain Justice Against the FBI
Attorney : Ivins never knew he was ‘ the suspect ’
Ivins Could Not Have Applied High - Tech Coating to the Killer Anthrax
The Anthrax Cover-Up
The Biowar Story Not Told In The Aftermath Of A Scientist ’s Suicide
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
A simple look at gasoline prices per gallon around the world from Conde Nast Portfolio Magazine dramatically shows just how much havoc governments can cause when they interfere with the free market economy and how much tax policies , subsidies and additive and refining requirements can effect the prices citizens pay for fuel .
Turkey $ 11.18
Norway $ 10.16
Brazil $ 6.38
Uganda $ 6.19
US $ 3.96
Russia $ 3.90
China $ 3.40
Greenland $ 3.00
Angola $ 2.02
Iraq $ 1.44
Iran $ .41
Venezuela $ .12
You ’d think the healthcare establishment would have bigger fish to fry than Ricki Lake .
( The 47 million uninsured , maybe ? )
But Lake ’s recent documentary , “ The Business of Being Born , ” which includes footage of her own delivery of her second child at home , was on the agenda at the American Medical Assn .'s annual meeting in mid-June .
Lake was personally name - checked in a “ Resolution on Home Deliveries ” introduced by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists : “ Whereas , there has been much attention in the media by celebrities having home deliveries , with recent ‘ Today Show ’ headings such as ‘ Ricki Lake takes on baby birthing industry . ’ ” The AMA ultimately passed the resolution without the Lake citation , but not before the Hollywood media got wind of it and , overnight , home birth was thrust into the mainstream light .
It ’s about time .
Last year I flew to Britain to be with a good friend for the birth of her first child .
She ’s American but married into Britain ’s National Health Service , lucky duck .
The differences in the prenatal care she got there were striking .
First and foremost , she never saw a doctor .
As a healthy woman with a normal pregnancy , she saw midwives .
And one of their first questions to her was , “ So , would you like to give birth in the hospital maternity ward or at home ? ”
Planning a home birth with a midwife may sound old - fashioned -- maybe you think it sounds crazy -- but a solid body of research shows that for healthy women who seek a normal , nonsurgical birth , there are several benefits .
At home , a woman can get one - on - one care and monitoring from a midwife trained to support the normal labor process .
The mother - to - be is free to move about , eat and drink , sit in a birth tub -- Britain ’s national health guidelines call water the safest , most effective form of pain relief .
A woman will be helped to give birth in positions that are effective and protective : sitting , squatting , on hands and knees , even standing .
Advertisement
The physiological birth process is automatic : hormones fire , the cervix gradually opens , the uterus contracts , the baby descends , muscles engage .
An optimal birth , one in which mother and child emerge as healthy as can be , is one that begins spontaneously , progresses on its own and concludes with the least amount of intervention necessary .
But hospital maternity care in the U.S. is typically not supportive of this process .
More than half of women are induced into labor , or it is sped up with artificial hormones ; the vast majority of women labor and push in the desultory flat - on - the - back or leaning - back position ; and ( perhaps not surprisingly ) nearly one - third of women end up giving birth through major surgery , the caesarean section .
This has led to an epidemic of pre-term births in the United States .
A 2006 survey showed that the majority of babies are now born before the spontaneous onset of labor , which leaves them more prone to breathing and feeding difficulties .
Caesareans are also contributing to a rising maternal death rate , announced by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention last year .
Which is why some women , such as those in the film Lake produced , choose to give birth somewhere other than a hospital .
Their choice is backed by sound science .
Studies of “ low - risk ” women in North America planning out - of - hospital births with midwives have found that 95 % give birth vaginally with hardly any medical intervention .
The largest and most rigorous study to date , published in the British Medical Journal , found that in North America , babies were born at home just as safely as in the hospital .
Advertisement
Organized medicine can’t believe this .
Dismissing the research evidence , the AMA resolution states that “ the safest setting for labor , delivery and the immediate postpartum period is in the hospital ” or an accredited birth center .
In its own statement earlier this year , the American College of Ob / Gyns went even further , implying that women who choose home birth are selfish and irresponsible : “ choosing to deliver a baby at home ... is to place the process of giving birth over the goal of having a healthy baby . ”
Compare that to this information in Britain ’s NHS - issued handout my friend was given at her first prenatal appointment : “ There is no evidence to support the common assertion that home birth is a less safe option for women experiencing uncomplicated pregnancies . ”
In a joint statement last year , the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and the Royal College of Midwives said , “ There is no reason why home birth should not be offered to women at low risk of complications , and it may confer considerable benefits for them and their families . ”
The AMA ’s statement calls for legislation that could be used against women who choose home birth , possibly resulting in criminal child - abuse or neglect charges .
The group says this is about safety , but with no credible research to back up its claim , this argument falls flat .
Women are simply caught in a turf war over the maternity market , and it would appear that the physicians ’ groups are perfectly willing to trample the modern medical ethic of patient autonomy -- grounded in our legal rights to self - determination , to liberty and to privacy -- in their grab for control .
If these groups were truly making maternal and child health a priority , they ’d be reforming standard maternity care , not strong - arming women into it .
Pattern Centric Blog
New Control Structures for Java
by Howard Lovatt
October 15 , 2008
Summary
Java has many traditional control structures , like if and for .
There are also proposals , BGGA , JCA , and ARM , to add more .
This post examines what new structures might be of interest and suggests that more traditional control structures would add little and instead parallel - functional structures would be more useful .
Advertisement
This post is primarily about the semantics of control structures and inner classes / closures , but also discusses some syntax aspects .
Traditional control structures are constructs like if and for that are found in many languages , for example Java 's are almost identical to C's .
Traditional control structures are characterised by :
Not having a return value ; they are statements rather than expressions .
The code blocks to be executed do not have arguments ; instead new or existing variables are used ( e.g. in " for ( int i = ... ) " i is a new variable ) Sequential in nature ; for evaluates each loop in turn .
The only non traditional control structure that Java has is ? : , which does return a value .
Proposals to extend Java like BGGA and FCM + JCA suggest adding the ability to write more traditional control structures .
In fact this is a major driver for the BGGA proposal which ends up limiting the power of a BGGA closure itself so that it can be used in a traditional control structure and also means that two types of closure are required , a restricted closure and an unrestricted closure .
There may be a case for some extra traditional control structures , e.g. a for each loop with an index or Automatic Resource Management ( ARM ) , but I say that traditional structures are already well covered .
Other newer languages emphasise parallel control structures and control structures that return a value , e.g. Fortress .
Newer languages emphasise parallel - functional programming because this is easier on multi-core machines that are now commonplace .
What I would like is the ability to write these new control structures .
The inner class construct provides the ideal basis for writing parallel - functional structures .
Consider a forEach loop that has an index , executes each loop in parallel , and returns the results as a map associating index with returned value .
public static abstract class ForEach < O , K , I > { protected static final Exception CONTINUE = new Exception ( " forEach Continue " ) ; static { CONTINUE.setStackTrace ( new StackTraceElement [ 0 ] ) ; } //
Delete irrelevant stack trace public abstract O block ( K index , I in ) throws Exception ; Callable < O > a Loop ( final K index , final I in ) { return new Callable < O > ( ) { public O call ( ) throws Exception { return block ( index , in ) ; } } ; } } public static < O , K , I > LinkedHashMap<K , O > forEach ( final ExecutorService pool , final Map< K , I > in , final ForEach < O , K , I > block ) { final int size = in.size ( ) ; final Map<K , Future < O >> futures = new LinkedHashMap<K , Future < O >>( size ) ; for ( final Map.
Entry<K , I > entry : in.entrySet ( ) ) { // Execute in parallel final K index = entry.getKey ( ) ; final Callable < O > oneLoop = block .
aLoop ( index , entry.getValue( ) ) ; final Future < O> future = pool.submit( oneLoop ) ; futures.put ( index , future ) ; } final LinkedHashMap<K , O > results = new LinkedHashMap<K , O > ( size ) ; for ( final Map.
Entry<K , Future < O >> entry : futures.entrySet ( ) ) { // Collect results final K index = entry.getKey ( ) ; try { results.put ( index , entry.getValue ( ) .get ( ) ) ; } catch ( ExecutionException e ) { final Throwable cause = e.getCause ( ) ; if ( cause != ForEach .CONTINUE ) { //
Ignore CONTINUE otherwise abort for ( final Future > O> f : futures.values ( ) ) { f.cancel ( true ) ; } throw new IllegalStateException ( " Exception thrown when evaluating forEach block index " + index + " of value " + in.get ( index ) , cause ) ; } } catch ( CancellationException e ) { //
Ignore cancelled result } catch ( InterruptedException e ) { Thread.currentThread( ).interrupt( ) ; //
Restore the interrupted status } } return results ; }
Which is executed like this :
final int numProc = 2 * Runtime.getRuntime().availableProcessors ( ) ; final ExecutorService pool = Executors.newFixedThreadPool ( numProc ) ; final String text = " * Hello * " ; final int size = text. length ( ) ; final Map < Integer , Character > input = new LinkedHashMap < Integer , Character >( size ) ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < size ; i++ ) { input.put ( i , text.charAt( i ) ) ; } final ForEach < Character , Integer , Character > trim = new ForEach < Character , Integer , Character > ( ) { public Character block ( final Integer index , final Character in ) throws Exception { if ( index <= 0 || index >= size - 1 ) { throw CONTINUE ; } return in ; } } ; final Map < Integer , Character > output = forEach ( pool , input , trim ) ; out. println ( output ) ; pool.shutdownNow ( ) ;
and gives the expected result :
{ 1=H , 2=e , 3=l , 4=l , 5=o}
The important thing demonstrated is that inner classes have the ideal semantics for parallel - functional structures , but not the ideal syntax ( see below ) .
The semantics of the BGGA style closures are not ideal for this type of control structure because you need to use a restricted closure ( not an unrestricted ) and you have to be careful not to inadvertently box this closure inappropriately ( e.g. into a function type ) .
The scope of variables etc. is not ideal with a BGGA style closure either .
This is not to say that something similar cannot be written in BGGA , just to say that it will be worse than what we can currently write .
This begs the question of why add a BGGA style closure when the existing inner classes are better .
The BGGA and JCA proposals also have further syntax support for calling control structures , but unfortunately this can only be used with traditional control structures .
As mentioned above , there are some syntax improvements that can be made in terms of calling the new control structure , forEach .
The declaration of the forEach method itself could also be shorter ; but since the method is called more often than it is written , this is less important .
The inner class trim , that is the block of code executed in parallel by forEach , is the main area where syntax improvements can be made .
All the inner class / closure proposals , C3S ( this is my suggestion ! ) , CICE , BGGA , and FCM , all provide shorter syntax for inner classes / closures , e.g. using C3S syntax the call to forEach and the inner class trim could be written in one line as :
final Map < Integer , Character > output = forEach ( pool , input , method ( index , in ) { if ( index <= 0 || index >= size - 1 ) { throw CONTINUE ; } return in ; } ) ;
The primary syntax support provided by C3S is the keyword method that makes an instance of an anonymous class and overrides the only abstract method in its super class and also infers the super - class type , method to be overridden , argument types , return type , and exception types .
This short syntax for defining an inner-class instance helps a great deal with the readability of the code and I think some form of short syntax for inner classes would be a useful addition to Java .
C3S also provides further , secondary , syntax support and the line can be written as :
final output = forEach pool , input , method ( index , in ) { if ( index <= 0 || index >= size - 1 ) { throw CONTINUE } in } ;
This secondary syntax support provided by C3S is :
Infers the type of output Brackets , ( ) , are not needed for method calls provided that it is not ambiguous .
The semicolon before a close brace , } , is not needed .
return is optional at the end of a method .
I think this extra secondary support for inner classes and method calling is worth having , but the gain is not as great as that provided by short syntax for inner-class instances .
This post has demonstrated that the ideal semantics for new control structures are those of the inner class and that the BGGA and JCA proposals do not give us a useful new construct because they are biased both in terms of their closure semantics and syntactic support to traditional control structures .
Java has a good selection of tradition control structures and I contend that what is really needed is the ability to write parallel - functional control structures ; further I suggest that inner classes with shorter syntax are ideal for this purpose , perhaps with further short syntax for calling these structures .
What do you think ?
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 32 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Howard Lovatt adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Dr. Howard Lovatt is a senior scientist with CSIRO , an Australian government owned research organization , and is the creator of the Pattern Enforcing Compiler ( PEC ) for Java .
PEC is an extended Java compiler that allows Software Design Patterns to be declared and hence checked by the compiler .
PEC forms the basis of Howard 's 2nd PhD , his first concerned the design of Switched Reluctance Motors .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2008 Howard Lovatt .
All rights reserved .
" I do think a lot of the regional ones will ( close ) , just as they did in the last savings and loan crisis in the 1990s , " Ross said .
( Watch the full CNBC.com exclusive interview with Wilbur Ross on the left )
Ross says he will be looking to pick up smaller distressed institutions .
" There will be opportunities , but we will need federal assistance in them , because what we 're mainly looking for is stable sources of deposits , not so much the loan portfolio . "
Ross feels that there will be too many people willing to provide capital to the large financials , which makes them less of a bargain than smaller banks .
When asked about his views on Bank of America 's purchase of Merrill Lynch , Ross said that he did n't think that Merrill was in that dire a position .
Die Stupidedia ist die freie Humor - und Satire - Enzyklopädie .
Seit Dezember 2004 sind so 23.945 Artikel entstanden .
Mit dem 01.02.2018 hat der Gründer der Stupidedia , uebel , beschlossen , IP - Änderungen und Neuanmeldungen zu deaktivieren , zudem stellt die Community ihre gemeinsame Arbeit ein .
Irrelevante Informationen aus allen Bereichen :
Ausbildung • Biologie • Chemie • Computer • Ernährung • Exotik • Ferne Welten • Fernsehen • Filme • Gaming • Geografie • Geschichte • Heilkunde • Lyrik • Militär • Mobilität • Musik • Natur • Physik • Politik • Recht • Religion • Rumpelkiste • Schlümpfe • Sci-Fi • Sport • Theater • Verbrechen • Wirtschaft
Hall of Fame Walk of Fame
Links für Einsteiger : Erste Schritte • Richtlinien • Verhaltensregeln • Userportal • Hilfe
Chimpanzees subjected to medical experiments suffer similar psychiatric symptoms to those shown by tortured humans , according to a study to be released next week .
An assessment of the behaviour of 116 chimpanzees who have been involved in animal research found that 95 per cent display at least one of the distinctive patterns of behaviour that people show when suffering from post - traumatic stress disorder .
The chimps now live in a primate sanctuary in the United States but their unusual behaviour is still causing concern years after they were released from the animal - research laboratories in which they were experimented upon .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The findings , which will be made public at an international primate conference in Edinburgh on Monday , will be used to press for a Europe - wide ban on the use of great apes in medical research .
Although experiments on chimps were banned in Britain in 1998 , they are still legal in the rest of Europe even though the two research facilities where chimps had been kept have recently closed .
However , in the US there is no such ban and about 1,200 chimps are still kept for medical research .
Hope Ferdowsian , an American doctor who has treated torture patients from around the world , said that it is clear that chimps suffer many of the extreme psychological conditions shown by human torture victims .
" There are obvious differences between species but it 's obvious that these chimps are suffering chronically , " Dr Ferdowsian said .
The study involved asking the staff at the animal sanctuary in Louisiana to itemise the types of behaviour patterns shown by the chimps .
The scientists then assessed the reports against criteria used to assess human patients .
Dr Ferdowsian said that as well as the signs of post - traumatic stress disorder , more than 80 per cent of the chimps had the symptoms of anxiety and at least half showed the sort of behaviour associated with depression .
" The patterns of behaviour we are seeing in these chimps are not normal and not seen in the wild , " Dr Ferdowsian said .
The types of behaviour shown by the chimps included " floating limb " displays said to be an expression of disassociating their body with the real world , which is much like the disassociation behaviour seen in people with post - traumatic stress disorder .
Other behaviours were avoidance of certain areas of habitat , such as indoor enclosures , anger outbursts , failure to socialise and inability to sleep .
Ethologists will tell you that genital display is a common form of communication in the animal kingdom ; not only for reproduction , but to assert social status .
Male squirrel monkeys wield their erections in so called “ penis duels ” ; macaque monkeys and guinea pigs withdraw their testicles into their bodies in submission displays ; and as a hangover of our evolutionary origin , some men ’s genital area , especially the scrotum , has a markedly darker hue .
The theory goes that our unique upright posture and front - facing genitals require that we have taboos around the naked penis to prevent sending incorrect messages to the more primitive regions of our brains that signal sexual enticement , aggression or intimidation .
So what happens when two adult male homosapiens take to the stage and overtly display their genitals for 70 minutes ?
Comedy , is the short answer .
The response is automatic .
We ca n’t help ourselves from laughing .
Or if the show is in Amsterdam , where penises are par for the course , at least cracking a broad smile .
The two dicks ( as it were ) behind Puppetry of the Penis or “ the ancient art of genital origami ” are Australian jocks Simon Morley and David ( Friendy ) Friend .
Introducing the performance Morley tells the audience : “ There are no strings and no puppets . ”
What follows is a carefully scripted and well thought through exhibition of male genital manipulation involving pulling and folding the penis , pinching and twisting the testicles and flapping and stretching the scrotum to create a variety of shapes .
Women roar with laughter ; the guys cross their legs in empathetic pain .
The performers keep reassuring the audience that it does n’t hurt , but my own cobblers were not convinced .
A television camera projects close - ups of their genital “ installations ” on to a giant screen .
“ Does wonders for the confidence , ” quips Morley .
The flattening effect of the lens does improve the mimicry .
My favourites were the “ turtle ” , the “ mollusc slowly emerging ” and the “ hungry chick in its nest ” .
By the time you get to the “ sea anemone ” , you ’ve almost forgotten you ’re looking at a cock .
As “ purists ” they try not to use props .
They have about 60 tricks in their repertoire and perform about 45 of these a night .
Some are clearly in the eye of the beholder .
The “ hairy tongue ” and the “ chicken nugget ” nearly triggered my lesbian friend ’s gag reflex .
My other companion , a yoga teacher , smiled and nodded approvingly at the “ wind surfer ” which is quite a stretching exercise .
Originally conceived as an art calendar in 1997 , the show debuted as a live performance at the 1998 Melbourne International Comedy Festival , then went on tour and really took off at the 2000 Edinburgh International Fringe Festival .
A West End version in 2001 ratcheted it up to a fully multimedia entertainment with sound effects and lighting cues .
They ’ve now franchised and it has been performed in seven languages in 20 countries .
“ We also have guys who have regular day jobs but do hen parties .
We ’re global pimps , ” says Morley laughing .
South Africa is a new market opening according to Friend .
But , after the first few airings , Morley comments : “ The women are reacting a lot different from everywhere else .
Our installations usually get a riotous laugh .
Here it ’s a shy giggle . ”
Not quite on the night I saw the show .
Says Morley : “ Dick tricking is not so uncommon in Australia .
This is secret men ’s business that comes from male sporting change rooms .
We expected South Africa to have a similar sort of environment — good climate , lots of sport , you enjoy a drink too , but we have n’t found anyone who does them .
I ’m sure they do , it ’s just a little more underground here . ”
Friend agrees : “ I did it as a kid in the bath .
We all did . ”
For the comedy to work , the show is premised on taboo .
According to Morley , when a Christian congregation in England moved for the show to be banned , the local bishop came to their rescue , saying there is nothing wicked about the human body .
“ It ’s a ridiculous piece of human anatomy — a couple of kiwi fruits hanging off , nothing pretty about it in its flaccid form , ” says Morley .
“ It ’s a piece of skin .
Get over it . ”
“ The penis is a symbol of power , but we are actually ridiculing it , ” says Friend .
True , no matter how powerful a man might be socially , in private you can crush him by laughing at his penis .
There is nothing lewd about what is essentially a vaudeville entertainment .
It has even a sibling quality to it .
Morley ’s facial expressions especially resemble a naughty boy showing off .
Which is why I do n’t understand the no-under - 18 age restriction .
It suggests something that is n’t there .
Personally , I think the penis puppeteers should consider doing school tours .
Poking fun and demystifying the penis can do only good in such a sexually violent country as our own .
At the Baxter Theatre in Cape Town until September 28 and at the University of Johannesburg Arts Centre from September 30 to October 19
Rob beat me to it .
Blogging about T4 ( the Text Template Transformation Toolkit ) had been on my list literally for a year .
He and I were singing its praises last night .
Hopefully I can add something small to the conversation .
What 's the story ?
Well , T4 is a code generator built right into Visual Studio .
To be clear , you HAVE THIS NOW on your system … go play .
Now 's the time to introduce code generation to your company .
If you 're doing something twice or more , manually , in your company , generate it .
However , it 's not deep - deep built in , because there 's no item templates in File | New Item and there 's no intellisense or syntax highlighting .
You do n't need this , but if you want really get the most out of T4 , first , head over to Clarius Consulting and get their " T4 Editor Community Edition . "
That 'll get you some basic coloring .
They have a pay version that gets you more if you want .
Now , go into Visual Studio and make a Console App ( or any app ) and add a Text File , but name it something with a .tt extension .
You 'll get a warning since it's a generator , that someone could generate evil .
Click OK if you are cool with potential evil . ;)
Now , look in Solution Explorer at the .tt file .
If you 're using C# , you 'll have a sub .cs file , or if you 're using VB , a sub .vb file .
That 's the file that will hold the result of the generation .
This is the same visual metaphor used to the express the template / generated file relationship with .
designer files you 've seen elsewhere in Visual Studio .
If you look in the Properties for the .tt file , you 'll see it 's using a CustomTool listed as the " TextTemplatingFileGenerator . "
This custom tool extensibility point is how things like XSD and WSDL code generators hook in to generate their artifacts .
T4 can generate any kind of text file , not just code .
Whatever you like .
You can use it in your projects , as above , or you can call T4 from the command - line .
Aside from Kzu and the folks at Clarius , Rob notes that Oleg Sych has a great collection of T4 resources .
He 's got some great Tutorials :
Here 's some of the links from Oleg 's blog .
Oleg also has a CodePlex project called T4 Toolbox that is a library of T4 templates that get added to File | New Item .
Also , check out Damien Guard 's T4 templates that are a wholesale replacement of code that LINQ to SQL generates .
Here 's an example , where I use Damien 's T4 templates against the sample Chinook Database .
Notice that I 've named the .tt file the same as the .dbml , so Damian 's code can find it .
I also continue to let original LINQ to SQL generate it's .
designer.cs file , but make that file 's Build Action " None " so it 's not ever compiled .
That effectively puts Damian 's code in charge .
Here 's a screenshot showing a bit of Damian 's T4 template using the syntax highlighting from the Clairus T4 Visual Studio free download .
If I 'd pay them , I 'd get intellisense and syntax highlighting inside the code blocks also .
It looks like a lot like ASP .
NET Web Forms , or Velocity , or any templating language really .
The code blocks are where your logic is and outside the codeblocks is the template for whatever you want to generate .
Notice how Damien gets input and sets output .
You have full control , you can read files off the file system , from with your project , etc .
He sets the output extension also .
I like to use .g. cs or .g.vb , myself .
In this example his generated file is Chinook.generated.cs .
I particularly like Damien 's example because he 's swapping out parts of LINQ to SQL that he did n't like ( the generated code ) while keeping the part he did ( the general mode , the designer , the dbml file . )
If you do n't like something , fix it .
Plus , it all works in Visual Studio without installing anything .
If you 're doing Code Gen , or thinking about it , check out T4 as it's a great place to start .
Also , search my blog for " Code Generation " as I was livign and breathing it with CodeSmith for the many years I worked at Corillian .
Have fun !
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Water with trace amounts of radioactivity may have leaked for months from a U.S. Navy nuclear - powered submarine as it traveled around the Pacific to ports in Guam , Japan and Hawaii , Navy officials told CNN on Friday .
The USS Houston arrives in Pearl Harbor for routine maintenance , during which the leak was found .
The leak was found on the USS Houston , a Los Angeles - class fast attack submarine , after it went to Hawaii for routine maintenance last month , Navy officials said .
Navy officials said the amount of radiation leaked into the water was virtually undetectable .
But the Navy alerted the Japanese government because the submarine had been docked in Japan .
The problem was discovered last month when a build - up of leaking water popped a covered valve and poured onto a sailor 's leg while the submarine was in dry dock .
An investigation found a valve was slowly dripping water from the sub 's nuclear power plant .
The water had not been in direct contact with the nuclear reactor , Navy officials said .
Officials with knowledge of the incident could not quantify the amount of radiation leaked but insisted it was " negligible " and an " extremely low level . "
The total amount leaked while the sub was in port in Guam , Japan and Hawaii was less than a half of a microcurie ( 0.0000005 curies ) , or less than what is found in a 50 - pound bag of lawn and garden fertilizer , the officials said .
The sailor who was doused , a Houston crew member , tested negative for radiation from the water , according to Navy officials .
Since March , the Houston had crisscrossed the western Pacific , spending a week in Japan and several weeks in both Guam and Hawaii , Navy officials said .
See a timeline of the sub 's movements »
The Navy on Friday notified the Japanese government of the leak , the officials said , and told them it was possible the ship had been leaking while in port in Sasebo , Japan , in March .
While Japan has agreed to allow U.S. nuclear - powered ships in Japanese ports , the decision was a not popular in Japan .
The Houston incident comes at a time when the Navy is trying to smooth over a problem with a nuclear - powered aircraft carrier .
The USS George Washington was due to replace the aging , conventionally powered USS Kitty Hawk this summer as the United States ' sole carrier based in Japan .
While en route to Japan this May , a massive fire broke out on the George Washington , causing $ 70 million in damage .
The fire was blamed on crew members smoking near improperly stored flammable materials .
There was no damage or threat to the nuclear reactor , but the ship was diverted to San Diego , California , for repairs .
It now is expected to arrive in Japan at the end of September .
The Navy this week fired the captain and his deputy , saying an investigation into the fire led to a lack of confidence in the leadership of both men .
Just two weeks ago , thousands of Japanese protested the pending arrival of the George Washington .
All About U.S. Navy • Nuclear Energy
Election Integrity Group Calls for Moratorium on Paperless Electronic Voting
‘ TrueVote .US ’ Urges Independent Testing of Machines and Voting on Paper Ballots Counted By Optical Scan Machines
Press Release of TrueVote.US
In two West Virginia counties voters reported that paperless electronic voting machines switched their votes from Democrat to Republican during early voting last week .
The non-partisan , election integrity group TrueVote .US is calling for an immediate moratorium on early voting on paperless electronic voting machines , independent testing of the machines and preparation for a potential paper ballot election .
“ West Virginian voters are entitled to have their votes counted accurately .
Early voting should be halted on paperless machines until independent testing reveals the root cause of the vote switching , ” said Kevin Zeese , executive director of TrueVote .
US .
“ This could be a hardware or software problem .
It could be as simple as a miscalibration of the touchscreen or it could be an indication of tampering . ”
TrueVote .US called for Secretary of State , Betty Ireland to :
- Immediately suspend early voting on paperless electronic machines until the source of the vote switching is resolved .
- Independently test the equipment .
- Plan to vote on paper ballots counted by optical scan machines throughout the state .
Optical scan is already available in the state .
True Vote warned that while it is possible this is an inadvertent machine failure , the vote switching should be approached as a potential crime scene .
Vote tampering could be occurring and evidence should be preserved .
“ It is notable that the reports have consistently been of votes switched from the Democrat to the Republican , ” noted Zeese .
“ TrueVote .
US recommends that voters request paper ballots where they can mark their election choices and have their ballot counted on an optical scan machine , ” said Zeese .
The two counties are Putnam and Jackson County , WV .
Below are two stories reporting on the incidents .
# # #
http://truevote.us/nucleus/index.php?itemid=303
More W.Va. voters say machines are switching votes
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
So everyone knows that USC games are the Fall destination for actors and actresses to be seen in L.A .
Well ESPNU has come across the list of USC - approved sideline credential holders and it could n't be more fun to peruse .
I 'll see you after the list ....
Hollywood :
Jamie Foxx
Denzel Washington
Nick Lachey
Christian Slater
Henry Winkler
John Krasinski
Ed Helms
Robert Patrick
Kaitlin Olson
David James Elliot
Zach Galifianakis
George Eads
Jerry Bruckheimer
Alexis Jones
Sports :
Dick Butkus
Isiah Thomas
Michael Strahan
Eddie George
Greg Oden
Amare Stoudemire
Anna Rawson
John David Washington
USC Football Alumni :
Anthony Munoz
Ronnie Lott
Marcus Allen
Charles White
Sam Cunningham
Rodney Peete
Dennis Thurman
Johnnie Morton
Todd Marinovich
Sean Salisbury
Jeff Bregel
Chris Hale
Mazio Royster
Malaefou MacKenzie
David Kirtman
USC 2008 Olympians :
Ous Mellouli
Larsen Jensen
Klete Keller
Erik Vendt
Okay , if you take away the two big Hollywood names ( Denzel , Jamie Foxx ) , ex-USC players and grads , we are left with the most random collection of " stars " ( and a really attractive LPGA player ) ever .
Look I love Jim from " The Office " , George Eads from CSI and comedian Zack Galifianakis as much as the next person , but seriously .... how did they sneak their way onto the list ?
I want to know their secrets !
Sideline VIPs for USC - Ohio State ( ESPNU )
The Lifetime Income Security Solution
This book provides a straightforward methodology to achieve and protect your financial goals .
It not only explains why an income - based investment strategy is superior to active management but also how to utilize certain deferred compensation strategies to better time income recognition .
Finally , there is an overview of a simple and realistic asset protection methodology that relies less on hype and more on an honest appraisal of asset protections true capabilities .
Concise and conversationally written , this book is a must for high net worth individuals and investment advisers .
Is Forced to Agree with Obama , NASCAR , AAA , And Common Sense That It Does Save Gas ...
Jon Ponder Byon
8/7/2008 , 3:40 pm PT
Guest blogged by Jon Ponder , Pensito Review .
“ There are things you can do individually to save energy , ” Barack Obama said last week “…
Making sure your tires are properly inflated — simple thing .
But we could save all the oil that they ’re talking about getting off drilling — if everybody was just inflating their tires .
And getting regular tune - ups .
You ’d actually save just as much . ”
Despite the fact that even NASCAR extols the gas - saving virtues of proper tire inflation on its website , the McCain campaign spent the early part of this week mocking Obama ’s assertion that keeping tires inflated conserves gasoline by selling tire gauges , for a $ 25 donation , labeled “ Obama Energy Plan . ”
On Wednesday night , however , during a conference call with supporters , McCain did a complete 180 on tire inflation :
" And could I mention that Sen .
Obama a couple of days ago said that we ought to all inflate our tires , and I do n’t disagree with that .
The American Automobile Association strongly recommends it , but I also do n't think that that 's a way to become energy independent . "
Maybe not , but experts agree that properly inflating tires could make a big difference :
According to the U.S. Department of Energy , " every pound per square inch of tire underinflation wastes 4 million gallons of gas daily in the U.S. "
Survey information from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration shows that 27 percent of the cars on the road have a significantly under - inflated tire ... " [ The ] production offset is ... likely to approach 800,000 barrels per day -– a tidy sum and a worthwhile target for savings , but not equal to [ Outer Continental Shelf ] output , " [ wrote Frank Verrastro , Director and Senior Fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies ( CSIS ) . ]
Keeping tires inflated would have a much longer term benefit than offshore drilling however , because it is a sustainable practice , whereas --- despite Republican talking points to the contrary --- U.S. underseas oil reserves would meet global demand for only seven months :
The Department of Energy estimates that there are eighteen billion barrels of technically recoverable oil in offshore areas of the continental United States that are now closed to drilling .
This sounds like a lot , until you consider that oil is a globally traded commodity and that , at current rates of consumption , eighteen billion barrels would satisfy less than seven months of global demand .
A D.O.E. report issued last year predicted that it would take two decades for drilling in restricted areas to have a noticeable effect on domestic production , and that , even then , “ because oil prices are determined on the international market , ” the impact on fuel costs would be “ insignificant . ”
Predictably , the media are letting McCain 's latest gaffe pass , but at least Obama took an opportunity to poke a little fun at his rival .
Noting McCain 's change of position , Obama said , " It will be interesting to watch this debate between John McCain and John McCain . "
NEW YORK ; Prime Minister Manmohan
Singh ’s six - day US visit opened on an auspicious note on Tuesday with the Indo - US nuclear deal inching a step closer to approval by the American Congress .
An hour after the PM and his entourage settled into the luxe New York Palace Hotel news trickled in that the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on Tuesday voted 19 - 2 in favour of legislation .
The deal now moves to the Senate floor .
“ Today ’s committee passage is significant , but several steps remain before this bill becomes law .
I hope Congress can complete the job in the few days remaining before adjournment , and I ’ll continue fighting as hard as I can to achieve this important victory , ” said Senator Joseph Biden , Democratic candidate for vice president .
The Senate goes into recess on September 26 for the presidential polls .
Senator Richard Lugar , the top Republican on the panel , echoed : “ I am confident that we have cooperation from the Bush administration and a strong bipartisan team in Congress to complete action on the bill this year . ”
It ’s unclear whether the full Congress will follow suit and vote in the week ahead before wrapping up for the year to campaign for the November polls .
The White House had hoped to have the deal in the bag before Singh ’s visit to Washington on Thursday but officials have been managing expectations ever since the implosion on Wall Street subsumed the Congress .
Singh , a hardboiled pragmatist , is hardly prone to dreaming about pies in the sky but this has n’t stopped him from taking an optimistic tack : “ As I have said before , in politics we have to learn to live with disappointments .
But we have not reached that point yet .
I am still hopeful that this will happen . ”
The PM has reason to be optimistic as the Congress is toying with the idea of extending its session beyond September 26 to approve an emergency 700 - billion - dollar Wall Street bailout .
That would give the House a week more to circle on a day to consider the Indian nuclear deal .
Advocates of the nuclear deal told DNA the Congressional business committee is also weighing in on whether there will be a separate or joint resolution of Congress to approve the 123 Agreement by a simple up - and - down vote .
Meanwhile , in a farewell speech to the 192 - member UN General Assembly , Bush assured worried world leaders that his administration and the Congress would approve an emergency 700 - billion - dollar Wall Street bailout “ in the urgent time frame required . ”
Bush also held his first face - to - face talks with Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari on Tuesday amid strained ties .
Zardari stressed in a US television interview that Pakistan ’s military was better able to capture terrorists along its lawless border with Afghanistan than US forces .
The White House is re-calibrating its blind dependence on Pakistan ’s military to win the war on terror .
Bush is expected to discuss a more active Indian role in the region when he meets Singh .
The Indian PM is meeting Zardari on Wednesday evening and he is expected to take up India ’s concerns about the violation of the ceasefire along the India - Pakistan borders .
Singh will meet World Bank president Robert B. Zoellick on Wednesday morning and later enjoy what has grown into a ritual power - lunch with CEOs of top American companies .
They are likely to press Singh who is the architect of India ’s 1991 free - market reforms for better infrastructure and market access .
Nuclear technology sales will figure in the luncheon meeting .
Singh will also meet Republican presidential candidate John McCain and talk to Democrat Barack Obama over the telephone .
In an attempt to shrug off the perception that she is an international affairs ingénue , Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin will meet both Singh and Zardari .
Singh will also meet Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao on Wednesday to get past the NSG brouhaha .
He will also meet Britain ’s Gordon Brown and Italian President Silvio Berlusconi .
The PM ’s daughter Amrit Singh , an attorney at the American Civil Liberties Union actively fighting Bush policies , will bury her politics for a day to accompany her father to a glittering White House dinner .
Finance Minister Chidambaram who is here for a UN meeting is also invited to the banquet .
WASHINGTON  The Republican National Convention has given John McCain and his party a significant boost , a USA TODAY / Gallup Poll taken over the weekend shows , as running mate Sarah Palin helps close an " enthusiasm gap " that has dogged the GOP all year .
McCain leads Democrat Barack Obama by 50 % - 46 % among registered voters , the Republican 's biggest advantage since January and a turnaround from the USA TODAY poll taken just before the convention opened in St. Paul .
Then , he lagged by 7 percentage points .
The convention bounce has helped not only McCain but also attitudes toward Republican congressional candidates and the GOP in general .
" The Republicans had a very successful convention and , at least initially , the selection of Sarah Palin has made a big difference , " says political scientist Larry Sabato of the University of Virginia .
" He 's in a far better position than his people imagined he would be in at this point . "
However , in an analysis of the impact of political conventions since 1960 , Sabato concluded that post - convention polls signal the election 's outcome only about half the time .
" You could flip a coin and be about as predictive , " he says .
" It is really surprising how quickly convention memories fade . "
McCain has narrowed Obama 's wide advantage on handling the economy , by far the electorate 's top issue .
Before the GOP convention , Obama was favored by 19 points ; now he 's favored by 3 .
The Republican 's ties to President Bush remains a vulnerability .
In the poll , 63 % say they are concerned he would pursue policies too similar to those of the current president .
Bush 's approval rating is 33 % .
In the new poll , taken Friday through Sunday , McCain leads Obama by 54 % - 44 % among those seen as most likely to vote .
The survey of 1,022 adults , including 959 registered voters , has a margin of error of +/— 3 points for both samples .
Among the findings :
• Before the convention , Republicans by 47%-39 % were less enthusiastic than usual about voting .
Now , they are more enthusiastic by 60 % - 24 % , a sweeping change that narrows a key Democratic advantage .
Democrats report being more enthusiastic by 67 % - 19 % .
• Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , a national unknown before McCain chose her for the ticket 10 days ago , draws a strong reaction from voters on both sides .
Now , 29 % say she makes them more likely to vote for McCain , 21 % less likely .
Obama 's choice of Delaware Sen .
Joe Biden as running mate made 14 % more likely to vote for the Democrat , 7 % less likely .
• McCain 's acceptance speech Thursday received lower ratings than the one Obama gave a week earlier : 15 % called McCain 's speech " excellent " compared with 35 % for Obama .
A 34 - year - old man who has lived in London for three decades is to be deported to Somalia after a judge said his criminal record qualified him to survive in the war - torn country .
But the family of Abdi Mohamed say sending him back to the east African state would be like signing his death warrant .
Mr Mohamed fled persecution in Somalia with his mother and father when he was four and claims to know nothing about the country today .
Since arriving in Britain , he has tried to build a life in north London but took up petty offending to support his drug and alcohol addictions .
Mr Mohamed came into contact with law enforcement when he was 12 and later began committing burglaries to buy cannabis and cocaine .
His most recent conviction was for an assault on a prison officer , after which the Home Office applied to have him deported to Somalia .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Dismissing his appeal , the immigration tribunal judge said : " His experience [ criminal activity ] will make him more street wise than someone of a similar age who has led a crime - free and more conventional life .
These experiences will place him at a distinct advantage in dealing with the circumstances in Somalia and should make it much easier for him to avoid pitfalls . "
The judge , James Simpson , said Mr Mohamed 's ability to speak English would help him find work and said his family ties here were not strong .
But Mr Mohamed said he has always seen himself as British : " The first I knew that I was n't British was when the judge said I was to be deported after serving my sentence .
I could n't apply for citizenship because I was only a little boy when I came here .
I am British not Somalian .
I know nothing about Somalia . "
Mr Mohamed has been held in an immigration detention centre for 16 months awaiting deportation .
Three attempts to fly him to Somalia have been postponed and his family is worried about his physical and mental health .
Nothing has been done to regularise his immigration status in Britain , so his criminal record made him liable to detention and deportation under laws for foreign criminals .
Mr Mohamed 's two sisters , both teachers in London , are shocked .
" It would be like a death warrant for him .
Far from surviving , he is not equipped to deal with Somalia and all its problems , " said Shukri Mohamed .
" Abdi is extremely depressed .
He is in limbo .
He has been out on bail on three occasions and redetained .
This is mental torture .
Abdi has served his time but this is double punishment . "
Amnesty International 's Africa Deputy Programme Director Michelle Kagari said : " There is no safety for civilians in Somalia ] .
Those fleeing violence in Mogadishu are attacked outside and those who reach a camp face violence . "
A UK Border Agency spokesperson said : " Where someone is not deemed conducive to the public good we will not hesitate to deport them . "
A country in crisis
Much of the world 's focus on Somalia in recent weeks has been on the bands of pirates seizing ships and threatening to blow them up .
On dry land , the violence and chaos are even more staggering .
Two years after being driven from the capital by Ethiopian and Government troops , Islamic insurgents have retaken large areas of the country – 10,000 citizens were killed in the fighting .
Last month , a threat to shoot down planes paralysed Mogadishu airport , and almost 40,000 people fled their homes .
This week African Union peacekeepers have been targeted .
Nearly half of Somalia 's eight million people are in need of food aid .
More Republicans are worried about the angry tenor of the McCain / Palin campaign events .
The “ angry mob mentality ” is what John Weaver calls it :
The raw emotions worry some in the party who believe the broader swath of swing voters are far more focused on their dwindling retirement accounts than on Obama ’s background and associations and will be turned off by footage of the McCain events .
John Weaver , McCain ’s former top strategist , said top Republicans have a responsibility to temper this behavior .
“ People need to understand , for moral reasons and the protection of our civil society , the differences with Senator Obama are ideological , based on clear differences on policy and a lack of experience compared to Senator McCain , ” Weaver said .
“ And from a purely practical political vantage point , please find me a swing voter , an undecided independent , or a torn female voter that finds an angry mob mentality attractive . ”
PORTLAND , Ore. 
People who pedal to work each day have long sought a kind of commuter equality : a federal tax break for biking similar to those given for parking or riding public transit .
Last week , after years of rejection , the credit suddenly became law .
Scheduled to take effect in January , the credit was among a range of energy and tax provisions quickly added to the $ 700 billion financial rescue .
Yet here in the district of the congressman who first pushed for the bicycle bill , Representative Earl Blumenauer , a Democrat who wears a bicycle lapel pin and founded the Congressional Bike Caucus , no party is being planned .
“ Who wants to celebrate ? ” said Jonathan Maus , who edits a blog that promotes cycling here in Portland .
“ Because I think a lot of people agree with how Blumenauer voted . ”
Average Campaign Donation by Occupation
By : Jeff Clark Date : Tue , 16 Sep 2008
I have created another simple graph based on data from the Federal Election Commision about political donations to the Obama and McCain campaigns .
This one shows the average contribution amount for the various occupations of the donors .
I restricted the analysis to occupations having at least 1000 separate donations .
There were 106 occupations that met this criteria and the top 50 are shown below .
A few observations from the graph :
The top 15 spots seem fairly obvious and are primarily high - level business executives or finance related
Position # 16 is ' homemaker ' which does n't fit the pattern very well .
Perhaps donors with this occupation have wealthy spouses .
I was also surprised that ' student ' was # 48 - relatively high on the overall list .
There is a related analysis about which occupations supported Obama or McCain the most .
_______________________________________________________________________________
Some notes on methodology :
The data available at the time of this analysis includes contributions up to July 31st , 2008 .
I have combined a few obvious occupation spelling variations together .
For example , ' home maker ' has been combined with ' homemaker ' , and ' cpa ' and ' certified public accountant ' combined with ' accountant ' .
Several high - level executive occupations have been combined into ' executive ' - namely ' coo ' , ' chief operating officer ' , ' cio ' , ' cfo ' , ' exec ' , and ' cto ' .
There are many other variations that could plausibly be combined - ' doctor ' with ' physician ' or ' attorney ' with ' lawyer ' for example .
If anyone wants to verify my analysis and is interested in the complete list of combinations I used just send me an email .
A product long rumored and whose very existence was long denied by Google itself finally launched : the Google browser , aka .
Google Chrome .
There are a number of things that are good and a few that leaves one scratching his head but ultimately , it is very clear that Google is working very hard to ensure that it can keep tight control of the ground its gained and fend off potential threats by the likes of Microsoft .
Strategic Position
Google lives on the web .
Most of its application need a web layer in order to operate and , if it were to find itself in a position where the access to their application where to be compromised through the equivalent of a strategic man in the middle type of attack , their business would die off .
So , if Microsoft , which currently still controls around 70 percent of the web browser market , were to decided to change their code to impact how Google applications function , Google would be in deep deep trouble .
Because Google realizes that the browser is sort of their achilles heel , they had to make a play into that space .
The first thing they did was help the creation of an alternate offerings , by giving large subsidies to Microsoft competitors like Apple and the Mozilla foundation , largely dolled out as revenue for traffic generation through the search box .
See , one of the thing not too many consumers are told about is that the search box in Safari or in Firefox are actually paid placements :
Every time a user uses that box to perform a search , a little bit of revenue goes back to the browser creator .
So that ’s great because it allows those alternative browsers to develop and , as long as Google is people ’s preferred choice anyways , no one is complaining .
Of course , there are certain issues with the arrangement : a lot of the people who have installed Safari or Firefox do n’t like online ads and some developers were happy to provide tools allowing those users to remove ads from web pages .
Google was n’t too thrilled about that but it found the issue mostly OK as long as the arrangement did n’t hurt its advertising cash cow too much .
But over time , this model created a problem .
The feature was tested by consumers who , having seen too much of their screen real estate polluted by ever larger ads , liked what they saw .
And , as ads became smarter and started to target users individually , it spooked consumers .
Being able to block certain ads became a product differentiator and started to cause some problems to Microsoft .
So , with IE8 , Microsoft is starting to claim that it will help users and one of the trial baloons it has been floating is that the user may have more control over what ads they can see and possibly may be able to block some ads .
For Google , that ’s not too happy a development : the idea of being able to provide free products is based on the fact that Google is really and advertising company with a side business in search .
And if the advertising is blocked , then Google ’s whole business model falls apart .
So now , Google needs to regain some level of control .
For many years , it ’s been going after bits and pieces of the Microsoft empire : a little bit of the office suite over here ( Google Apps ) , a little bit of the enterprise space this way ( Google Appliances ) , a little extra screen real estate ( Google Widgets ) , an alternate application distribution network ( Google Pack ) … but the premise behind most of their offerings was that life was now in the “ network cloud ” ( basically recalling Scott McNealy ’s old “ The Network is the Computer ” concept with 2.0 flavor ) .
With Chrome , Google is now trying to bypass most of Windows .
There ’s still a few things that Windows will be allowed to do for now ( connecting to the Internet , managing the communication layer ) but it seems that this is the farthest Google has gone into addressing Microsoft head on .
In the mid-1990s , Marc Andreesen , then at Netscape , said he wanted to relegate Windows to being just a set of basic libraries and , with this offering , Â Google is trying very hard to do so though I am sure you ’ll never hear them say so .
Will it work ?
I do n’t know .
At first glance , I ’d say that their challenge will be to get the software installed on a lot of machine .
For all their past efforts , it looks like it may take a while .
Once they have gotten Google Chrome installed , the next thing will be to move up to a default setting .
That will be another challenge .
What I suspect is that the company will soon offer a customizable version to cable and phone companies to ensure that they choose Chrome over Internet Explorer .
And one thing I ’m pretty sure about is that whatever happens , Google will ensure that ad blocking software will not work on Chrome .
Memory Management : Marketing or Truth ?
One of the things that leaves me scratching my head is whether the memory management Google claims as an important piece of its offering is actually based more on marketing messages than reality .
Buried in the developer ’s menu is an item that supposedly offers a view into the memory and CPU usage of Google ’s new browser .
Yes , the browser feels fast so it ’s clear that there are a number of improvements there but what is that costing in terms of memory .
Here ’s what the browser reports :
What you ’re seeing here is the browser running two plain HTML pages and an instance of a richer web - based application ( Google Reader , which , according to this , accounts for 40 Mb of memory space used ) .
Where I get a little puzzled is when I looked at what Microsoft reported through its task manager :
The same 5 processes appear ( but since Windows only knows them as running as chrome , it ca n’t identifty which is which but the numbers are very different : Chrome reports an aggregate memory use of 96,300 K while Windows reports an aggregate memory use of 121,544 K or 25,244 K more .
To be very honest , I do n’t know which number is correct but , with only 3 tabs open ( and the tabs I have on here are the minimum I have open at any time ) , I do n’t find it very reassuring to see this type of gap appear .
Will it get worse as I add more tab ?
I do n’t know but it ’s something worth investigating .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Blog about legal bits and bobs , the Portland tech scene through a non -techie lens , cooking , tunes , games ... you know .
Like a thing that you use to record thoughts with , only they 're my thoughts .
But if they 're yours too , awesome .
Let 's share .
How NOT to get your girlfriend back !
youtube.com -
This is sad , but not because his heart is broken .
Some biographical info is on
Many people know the mantra – if you are a gamer or office worker , you use the OS from Redmond .
If you are a creative person such as a musician , video editor , etc you use a Mac.
Geeks use Linux .
But more and more people are moving away from Windows and seeking either Macs or Linux .
If you switch to Mac you have to spend a ton of money and if you switch to Linux , it ’s free and you can use the hardware you already have .
But what if you ’re a creative person ?
Can you only go to a Mac ?
Lots of people want to allow the creative people to come to Linux so there are more and more Linux distros for the creative types .
This month , in Linux Format Magazine , 64 Studio was bundled on the disc .
It does n’t run as a liveCD or liveDVD so I ’m running it in VirtualBox .
As you can see here , it is a Debian - based distro :
I have n’t installed Debian since Debian 3 when I installed it for my print / file server ( luigi ) , so I ’m not sure if the GUI installation begins this way , but strangely it appears to use the ncurces installation .
All the detection stuff continues in the ncurses screens .
Eventually it gets to the partitioning section .
It gives me two choices , Guided or Manual :
I go through all of the defaults including putting everything on one partition .
No biggie since I ’m not planning to keep this forever as my studio box .
So it starts the partitioning and that takes a little while .
Then I set up my timezone , root password , username , and user password .
Finally it starts to install .
I think this is quite a bad idea for a Mac replacement .
There is n’t anything hard about it or bad about it , but then again , I ’ve been installing Linux distros for something like 5 years now .
( wow ! )
It ’s just not pretty and Mac users like pretty .
I suggest moving to Anaconda or whatever it is that Debian ’s using nowadays .
At first it died on ef2 progs .
I restarted my installation .
( This is n’t necessarily their fault – might be a VirtualBox issue )
Once that was over and it rebooted , I was greeted with a very plain GDM screen .
In fact , I was floored at how plain it was for a studio - based distro .
So I logged in .
It took me a while to figure out what the background was .
( It is a guitar string up - close , is n’t it ? )
It ’s also , interestingly enough , they put Gnome on the bottom .
Since people using 64 Studio are probably coming from Macs , this seems to be a very interesting choice to me .
The preferences are in a really weird place compared to Ubuntu and Fedora .
( And most other Gnome - based Linux distros that I ’ve used )
Usually they ’re under the System menu , which has made a lot of sense to me .
You ’re changing things about the system .
Here ’s what it looks like :
Also , it ’s strangely just coming out of the Gnome foot .
Will people know to just click on that ?
I guess with the Macs I ’ve used there ’s the apple , but again , that ’s at the top with Apple .
So there seems to be some kind of inconsistency where they are making it like apple where there ’s just a little icon in the corner , but then they put the menu on the bottom .
( Which is n’t even standard for Gnome ! )
On to applications .
Under internet they have Iceweasel instead of Firefox and Icedove instead of Thunderbird .
It ’s the exact same program , but with different art and a different name .
Makes sense since it ’s based on Debian .
I thinkperhaps they could use a little README file on the desktop explaining this to anyone coming from Mac or Windows so they know it ’s the same thing as Firefox .
They have some very interesting choices for the office programs .
Abiword provides the wordprocessor and Gnumeric provides the spreadsheet .
OpenOffice.org is nowhere to be found .
It makes sense because 64 Studio is meant to be a creativity distro instead of a generic destkop distro .
When it comes to the applications included to make this a studio distro , they ’ve got quite a few programs under graphics .
So they have some of the usual subjects like GIMP , Scribus , Inkscape , and ( depending on the distro ) Blender .
But they also have some programs I have n’t seen before such as K - 3D , KToon , Stopmotion , and Xara Extreme .
Of course , Xara and Inkscape cover the same territory and the only reason I ’ve ever heard for using Xara on Linux is because you ’re used to Xara on your other platform .
I decided to see what K - 3D , KToon and Stopmotion were about .
Up there you can see the startup of K - 3D the first time I open it up .
Just on my absolute first impressions it appears to be designed to have a much friendlier interface than Blender .
It looks a lot less intimidating and you can see the shapes you ’re going to create without having to right - click or something like that .
I ’ve been using Blender for about 2 years now and now I find it very easy to use and quite natural .
But the first time I ever started it up , I closed it about five minutes later , frustrated .
I clicked a few buttons and came up with this .
I tried to render and it did n’t work .
But I did n’t feel like taking the time to figure it out .
I could n’t quite figure out how KToon was supposed to work , but no biggie .
It ’s nice that it ’s there .
Here ’s the Stopmotion GUI :
Stopmotion looks very interesting .
It appears as though you hook up your webcam ( or other type of camera that you can tether to the computer ) and then you hit the camera button over and over to capture each frame .
Sounds very , very tempting to try out and I ’ll probably be installing it on my Fedora and Ubuntu computers .
Of course , under sound and video , there are a ton of applications , such as a synthesizer .
Unfortunately I could n’t try it because the sound was n’t working .
I ’ll chalk that up to VirtualBox .
TerminatorX is a really cool DJ program I discovered .
I definitely want to check this out on my Fedora and Ubuntu computers .
So , what do I think of 64 Studio ?
On the one hand , there does n’t seem to be much of a difference on the surface between 64 Studio and just taking a vanilla Debian install and installing the same packages as 64 Studio .
On the other hand , there ’s something to be said about a distro that already has all the packages installed and that you can just hand to a technologically - minded creative person and they can install it and start getting creative with free software .
Minus points for not having a graphical installer and minus points for having the menu bar at the bottom .
Also , it ’s possible that a lot of the benefits of 64 Studio vs Vanilla Debian are below the surface .
If they have a custom kernel tuned for creativity and have the jack audio framework all setup for you already , then that ’s a huge plus for them .
I ’d definitely check it out , but you might also want to try Ubuntu Studio to see what they ’re up to .
Share this : Facebook
Reddit
Twitter
Tumblr
Pinterest
Email
Print
Imagine our surprise this morning when we saw an email from the bloody - knuckled folks at Capcom saying " Oh hey , Akuma 's in Street Fighter IV . "
On top of that , they were nice enough to give us images to prove we 're not crazy .
The immortal / superhuman / demonic fireball tossin ' fighter will be hidden in the arcade version as a secret opponent ( that 's the official line ) but uh , forgive our obvious dot - connecting when we point out he 's been playable in past Street Fighter games .
So , do n't be surprised if Capcom reveals later on , possibly at TGS , how to unlock / play as Akuma .
On with the screens !
Aug 15 , 2008
MOSCOW : In a couple of years , a new kind of vessel will appear on the sea - the floating nuclear power plant ( FNPP ) .
The Academician Lomonosov , currently under construction in Russia , is only one project of the several FNPP being developed .
The formal keel laying ceremony took place in April 2007 at the Sevmash shipyard of the Russian State Centre for Nuclear Shipbuilding in Severodvinsk .
After about a year and a half , the state - owned corporation Rosatom revoked the general contract , handing it over to the Baltiysky Zavod ( Baltic Plant ) Shipyard in St. Petersburg .
So now the birthplace of the first floating nuclear power plant will be the Baltic Sea instead of the White Sea .
The FNPP is expected to be ready by 2010 .
The FNPP will be a barge able to move with the help of a tugboat and transportation will be done without nuclear fuel .
It will look like a small island with an area of between 7.4 and 12.4 acres .
It resembles a " symbiosis " of a nuclear - powered vessel and a standard land - based nuclear plant .
It could well arouse amazement and fear , as radiophobia is widespread .
Nevertheless , according to Sergei Kirienko , chief of Russia 's Federal Nuclear Power Agency , " the floating nuclear power plant with several levels of protection will be much safer than a land - based one " .
The reactor type to be used on the FNPP proved its efficiency during the tragedy of the sinking Kursk submarine in the Barents Sea in 2000 .
When a powerful explosion disabled the submarine 's electricity supply and its hull filled with water , the nuclear reactor was turned off automatically by a signal from the security system .
When the submarine was later raised , it still contained a safe and sound reactor , ready to operate .
Both physical parameters and a potential terrorist threat were taken into account while developing the security system .
The latest advances in science and technology , including fingerprint and iris identification , are used to prevent unauthorised access to the FNPP nuclear material .
Provision is also made for protecting the reactor from underwater sabotage .
The barge hosting the power unit will drop anchor off the coast near a production facility .
The crew of up to 140 men would work on a four - month shift rotation .
The transformer plants will be situated on shore .
Although the FNPP is around 15 times less powerful than a standard land - based nuclear power plant , it would still be able to supply energy to a city with a population of 100,000 people .
Used for desalination , it could produce 240,000 cubic meters of fresh water a day .
An FNPP would save up to 200,000 tonnes of coal and 100,000 tonnes of furnace oil per year .
It would have a service life of between 10 and 12 years , after which it would weigh anchor to undergo maintenance and refuelling , while another FNPP arrives to replace it .
The mobile nuclear plant was developed to meet energy demand in Russia 's remote regions .
A flotilla of such vessels is needed to resolve the energy crisis in the country 's Far East and extreme North .
Although the FNPP is still under development , an investment agreement has already been signed with the Republic of Sakha ( Yakutia ) to build FNPPs to supply energy to the northern parts of the region .
Upon the first vessel 's completion , its reactors will start generating energy for Russia 's northwestern region .
Potential foreign customers will have the opportunity to see the FNPP in action .
Experts say demand will outstrip supply .
Auto industry to press Congress for $ 50B in loans Associated Press
Published : Sunday September 7 , 2008
Print This Email This WASHINGTON --
Auto industry allies hope to secure up to $ 50 billion in government loans this month that would pay to modernize plants and help struggling car makers build more fuel - efficient vehicles .
With Congress returning this coming week from its summer break , the industry plans an aggressive lobbying campaign for the low - interest loans .
The situation is growing dire after months of tumbling sales , high gasoline prices and consumers ' abandoning profitable trucks and sport utility vehicles .
Lawmakers authorized $ 25 billion in loans in last year 's energy bill to help the companies build fuel - efficient vehicles such as hybrids and electric vehicles .
With credit tight , automakers and suppliers now want lawmakers to come up with the money for the program - and expand the pool of money available to $ 50 billion over three years .
Industry leaders have argued that the loan guarantees are not a government bailout because it would hasten production of fuel - efficient vehicles and reduce dependence on imported oil .
" This is not about benefiting Wall Street , " said Ford Motor Co. 's President of the Americas Mark Fields , referencing recent federal support for the investment firm Bear Stearns and troubled mortgage companies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
" This is benefiting Main Street , the working men and women .
The auto industry is part of the backbone of the U.S. economy . "
The low - interest loans , at rates of about 4 percent to 5 percent , would pay for up to 30 percent of the cost of retooling plants to build hybrids , plug - in hybrids , electric cars and other alternatives .
Ford and General Motors Corp .'s credit ratings have fallen below investment grade , making it difficult for the companies to borrow money at affordable rates .
Chrysler , which has been heavily dependent upon truck sales , has been privately held since last year and faces similar problems accessing capital .
" This industry could fall down , literally , or be absorbed if they do n't get something in place very soon .
I think it's that severe , " said Rep. Joe Knollenberg , R - Mich .
" Something has to happen pretty quickly because they can't compete paying 15 to 20 percent ( interest ) . "
Industry lobbyists pressed the issue at the recent presidential conventions in Denver and St. Paul , Minn. , and members of Michigan 's congressional delegation have talked to legislative leaders and the Bush administration about the program .
Discussions surround a three - year plan that would make $ 25 billion in loans available in the first year , followed by $ 15 billion the second year and $ 10 billion in the third .
To provide $ 50 billion in loans , Congress would need to set aside about $ 7.5 billion to guard against a loan default .
Automakers want to secure the money for the loans before November 's election because a new president and Congress could delay the companies ' ability to access the loans .
The White House said last week it was talking to members of Congress and the industry about the financing .
The issue , meanwhile , has gained a foothold in the presidential campaign in states with many auto workers such as Michigan and Ohio .
Democrat Barack Obama has criticized Republican rival John McCain for not supporting the full $ 50 billion loan program .
McCain said last week he supported fully covering the $ 25 billion loan program in the energy law .
Congressional leaders have said they are open to an expanded program .
But the industry will face a compressed schedule in an election year when many lawmakers will push to leave Washington so they can campaign for re-election this fall .
" We 're hopeful that we 're making an effective case to get this done between now and the end of this session , " said John Bozzella , Chrysler 's vice president of external affairs and public policy .
The loans would be available to foreign automakers , but the companies are not expected to seek the money because they are in a better financial situation and priority would be given to companies with plants 20 years or older .
( CNN ) -- Sarah Palin did not visit troops in Iraq , a spokesperson for the Republican vice presidential nominee confirmed Saturday , as new details emerged about the extent of the Alaska governor 's foreign travel .
Gov. Sarah Palin's aide confirmed to CNN details of her foreign travel Saturday .
In July of last year , Palin left North America for the first time to visit Alaskan troops stationed in Kuwait .
Palin officials originally said her itinerary included U.S. military installations or outposts in Germany and Kuwait , and that she had visited Ireland .
A Palin aide in Alaska had said Iraq was also one of the military stops on that trip .
The Boston Globe , however , reported Saturday that in response to questions about the trip , Alaska National Guard officials and campaign aides said Palin did not go past the Kuwait - Iraq border .
In addition , campaign aides also confirmed reports to CNN Saturday that Palin 's time in Ireland on that trip had actually been a refueling stop .
The Obama campaign -- which has increasingly accused the McCain campaign of deliberately lying in ads and on the stump -- was quick to highlight that story , along with a news report that explored whether the McCain campaign has been sending out wildly inflated crowd estimates .
The McCain team has twice pointed to law enforcement as the source for those estimates -- but the same officials denied to Bloomberg News that they had provided the numbers cited by the Republican nominee 's campaign .
" The McCain campaign said Gov. Palin opposed the bridge to nowhere , but now we know she supported it , " said Obama spokesman Tommy Vietor in a statement .
" They said she did n't seek earmarks , but now we know she hired a lobbyist to get millions in pork for her town and her state .
They said she visited Iraq , but today we learned that she only stopped at the border .
Americans are starting to wonder , is there anything the McCain campaign is n't lying about ? "
A Palin spokesperson also confirmed that the governor had visited Mexico on a personal vacation .
She has also visited Canada .
The Palin revelations Saturday are the latest in a series of barbs between the two presidential campaigns .
McCain , appearing Friday on ABC's " The View , " was aggressively pressed on Palin 's qualifications to be vice president as well as his new campaign ads that several independent fact - check groups have called misleading .
Co-host Barbara Walters asked about Palin 's reformist credentials , noting McCain has served in Washington for more than two decades and asking repeatedly , " Who 's she going to reform , you ? "
McCain answered by saying Democrats have controlled Congress for two years , but then Walters quickly interrupted : " But tell me who she is going to reform -- we are n't talking about the economy , we 're not talking about housing ; she was chosen to reform , who is she going to reform ? "
Appearing somewhat frustrated , McCain said , " The Democrat Party , the Republican Party , even an independent .
She 'll reform all of Washington . "
Walters , seeming somewhat exasperated , asked , " How ?
What will she do ?
What is she going to reform specifically , senator ? "
McCain said Palin had a strong record on vetoing earmark spending .
Watch more of McCain 's appearance on " The View " »
" The fact is she was a reform governor , she took on an incumbent governor of her own party and defeated him .
She sold the airplane and fired the chef , " McCain said , referring to Palin 's efforts to put her predecessor 's state jet up for auction on eBay and her dismissal of the governor 's personal chef .
" She sold the airplane at a loss , " Walters interrupted .
( The jet failed to draw sufficient bids on eBay and later was sold at a loss through an ordinary aircraft brokerage . )
Also on Friday , both campaigns accused each other of engaging in lies , unfair attacks and gutter politics in a series of television ads and memos .
McCain 's campaign released a television ad , titled " Disrespectful , " that accuses McCain 's Democratic rival of launching desperate attacks and smears against Palin .
In the McCain ad , the announcer says the Obama camp had " lashed out at Sarah Palin " and dismissed Palin as " good - looking " as the Democratic nominee 's face appears on the screen .
The announcer also says the Democrats had said Palin was doing " what she was told " and had " desperately " called her a liar .
" How disrespectful , " the announcer says .
" And how Gov. Sarah Palin proves them wrong , every day . "
Obama never made any of the statements the McCain camp released to support the ad , and the comment that Palin was " good - looking " was made by the Democratic vice presidential nominee , Sen .
Joe Biden , in a self - deprecating joke when he was asked what the obvious differences were between the two vice presidential nominees .
Watch the McCain ad »
Biden repeatedly has said on the campaign trail that he respected Palin and that he thought she was qualified for the vice presidency .
FactCheck.org pointed out the quote from an Obama adviser that Palin was doing " what she was told " was taken out of context .
The quote is taken from the response of Obama 's chief strategist , David Axelrod , in which he said Palin had misrepresented Obama 's legislative record .
" Maybe that 's what she was told " about his voting record , Axelrod said .
The Obama campaign , meanwhile , launched two television ads Friday .
In one , the campaign paints McCain as being out of touch by showing pictures of him when he first entered the Senate in 1982 as disco music plays .
The ad also highlights McCain 's own admissions that he lacks computer skills and does not use e-mail .
Watch the Obama ad attacking McCain »
In the second Obama ad , the candidate himself appears .
" We 've heard a lot of talk about change this year .
The question is , change to what ? "
Obama asks .
The ads come as Obama 's campaign manager , David Plouffe , issued a tough memo to reporters that accused McCain and his campaign of turning to " smears , lies and cynical attempts to distract from the issues . "
CNN 's Peter Hamby , Ed Hornick and Rebecca Sinderbrand contributed to this report .
All About Sarah Palin • John McCain • Iraq • Barack Obama
I have during several occassions ( see for example here here and here ) discussed the issue of the definition of the money supply .
This issue may seem technical and uninteresting to some , but because money supply play such a key role in Austrian economic analysis it is nevertheless important .
The purpose of this post is however not to discuss that issue again ( those interested are recommended to re-read the linked posts ) but rather to highlight that there are n't just two different money supply definitions , there are actually at least four different money supply definitions used by Austrians .
The previous posts discussed the issue as basically being MZM versus Frank Shostak 's definition , yet it should be noted that two other definitions are used .
Gary North appears to still favor M1 , and recently the Mises Institute has started to post a definition they call TMS ( " True " Money Supply ) .
Regarding TMS some confusion has appeared , both because of the presentation on the Mises Institute web page and Frank Shostak 's use of TMS to refer to his own definition .
In the presentation , Shostak 's article about the money supply is referenced and because of that and because of Shostak 's use of the word TMS , one can get the impression that TMS is identical to Shostak 's definition .
However , as was noted in this comment thread on this blog and as Shostak follower Mike Shedlock also has noted , the TMS published by the Mises Institute is not identical to Shostak 's definition , as TMS includes saving deposits while Shostak argued against including them , a view that he still appears to hold judging by his numbers .
A lot of people were asking tonight : what the hell was that mansion up behind John McCain tonight during the first part of the speech ?
As I noted below , the TV close - ups only showed McCain ’s head against the grass in the picture , which made it look like he was reprising his famed green screen performance .
And when they panned out , it looked like McCain was showing off one of his mansions .
Well , several readers have written in to tell me that the building is actually the main building on the campus of the Walter Reed Middle School in North Hollywood , California .
And sure enough , this page on the school ’s website makes it pretty clear that they ’re correct .
You can compare below …
So it ’s not a mansion , but a middle school .
But that still does n’t answer the question of why they picked this picture to have him standing in front of — when I would imagine that 99.9 % of the US population would have no idea what they were looking at .
( ed.note : Thanks to TPM Readers JR and EK for cluing us in . )
Late Update : I ’m surprised this had n’t occurred to me .
But several readers have suggested that perhaps one of the tech geeks charged with setting up the audio / visual bells and whistles for the evening was tasked with getting pictures of Walter Reed Army Medical Center but goofed and got this instead .
At first I thought , No , that ’s ridiculous .
This is a major political party with big time professionals putting this together .
Nothing is left to chance .
I mean , is this the RNC or a scene out Spinal Tap or Waiting for Guffman ?
I still have a bit of a hard time believing they ’re quite that incompetent .
But when you figure in what appears to be the utter lack of any logic for this school being behind McCain and the fact that it has ‘ Walter Reed ’ in its name , I ’m really not sure you can discount this possibility .
( ed.note : Special bonus snark :
That ’s not stock photo keyword searching we can believe in . )
It ’s been a few weeks since we brought you any news from Europe , and while this post is n’t the most timely , since it ’s about Heavy Rain I thought you ’d forgive us ;-)
Guillaume de Fondaumière , the co-CEO of Quantic Dream and Executive Producer of Heavy Rain wanted to share with readers of the PlayStation .
Blog his feelings when revealing the title to a huge audience for the first time .
As Heavy Rain is a deeper , more emotionally - tied game than we ’re used to seeing – it ’s actually a good fit .
Also , we have a trailer to share with you that you may not have seen .
Take it away , Guillaume !
Leipzig Games Convention Day 1 : Here we are , finally unveiling Heavy Rain to the world after almost two years of hard work on the title .
A first showing is always a very special moment , one that gets your heart pounding like the first time you are in love :
Will the public react positively ?
Will it say “ Yes , this is what I was waiting for , ca n’t wait to see more ? ”
The setting for the initial public announcement of the game could not have been better : David Reeves ’s GC Leipzig keynote speech on Wednesday when all important European PlayStation announcements are made .
A first pleasant surprise : spontaneously , when David Reeves pronounces for the first time the words Heavy Rain , the hundreds of journalists attending start applauding , eager to finally see the title .
We did not suspect such anticipation .
The tension is palpable when David Cage enters the stage and the crowd claps hands again to welcome him .
My hands are sweating , from where I am , I see our pre-teaser in pre-roll on one monitor .
The time has come , the video is broadcast … and for the third time , the crowd applauds and cheers , visibly satisfied .
The moment David Cage , myself and the whole team had been anxiously anticipating for weeks is now over .
You can watch the video for yourself below .
A first impression is always very important and I think this one was quite positive .
David and I are now anxiously awaiting the next two days , when we will be showing live code to the press .
We know this will be the real thing , the real test …
There was a time when marijuana was nothing but a weed .
Commonly it was known as pot , grass , bud , herb , ganja , Mary Jane , etc. Marijuana or cannabis is the most commonly cultivated , trafficked , and abused illicit drug worldwide .
In 500 BC , people started to grow marijuana not to get high ,
Read More
When I had my heart attack at 43 , all my doctors were really surprised .
I was young , I 'm not overweight , and I do n't eat a lot of fatty foods .
At first , Francisco Menendez thought the tightness in his chest was indigestion .
In fact , I never eat junk food .
My father had a heart attack , but he was in his 70s , so that is not a significant risk factor .
However , a closer look at my medical records would have suggested there was a problem .
My total cholesterol was around 400 , and my triglycerides , which are really affected by diet and exercise , were 600 to 700 .
A healthy number is 150 or below .
I was not on a statin , but the doctors were urging me to start exercising more and to cut down on refined carbohydrates , like pasta and bread .
That can really make your triglycerides shoot up , and I love all those things .
The night of my heart attack I was home , and I felt a lot of pressure in my chest .
Not pain , really .
I thought it was indigestion .
It went on all night and even though my wife Ingrid urged me to go to the hospital , a heart attack was the last thing on my mind .
The next morning the pressure was so great I could barely walk , so I took a taxi to the hospital .
I know you are supposed to call an ambulance , but that 's what I did .
When I got to the emergency room , I knew what to say : " I have chest pressure , and I think I am having a heart attack . "
It was 6 a.m. and they wheeled me in and started giving me blood thinners right away .
The doctors were excellent , and they told me they were going to give me an angioplasty .
That scared me because after my dad had his angioplasty , he had to have open - heart surgery .
I did n't want that .
Health Magazine :
How doctors diagnose and treat a heart attack
The oddest thing about the angioplasty was that for six hours they told me not to move my foot , and I did n't know why .
Turns out there is a plug in your skin where they put the needle in , and if it comes loose your blood shoots out like shaken Champagne because you are on blood thinners .
I wish they would have told me that , because I did n't know why I needed to hold my foot still .
I ended up having three angioplasties , but my heart attack was mild .
It turns out my heart was less than 5 percent damaged .
I ended up on a lot of medications .
I take a statin , TriCor , and Plavix , and a baby aspirin every day .
I have a stress test every year and a half , and so far my cholesterol looks OK ; it 's about 160 .
I do n't think about myself as a person who had a heart attack , but I think my wife worries .
I still hate to exercise , and I do eat bread and pasta , but mostly my diet is fine .
The worst thing about being a young heart - attack survivor is knowing I will have to be on these medications forever .
I am convinced that if I became a strict vegetarian and got all the stress out of my life I could go off the meds .
But that would require me to quit my job and move to the country , and I am not ready to do that yet .
--
As told to Bryan Miller
Try a FREE TRIAL issue of Health - CLICK HERE !
Copyright Health Magazine 2009
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama attacked Republican rival John McCain as a tool of big oil companies in a television ad released on Monday .
Seeking to tap into Americans ’ anger over soaring gasoline prices , Obama ’s ad opens with a shot of a driver pumping gas and refers to huge profits made by oil companies in the past year .
“ Every time you fill your tank , the oil companies fill their pockets , ” a narrator says .
“ Now Big Oil ’s filling John McCain ’s campaign with $ 2 million in contributions . ”
The ad shows McCain standing next to fellow Republican President George W. Bush as the narrator says , “ After one president in the pocket of big oil -- we ca n’t afford another . ”
The ad touts Obama ’s plan to offer American families $ 1,000 tax breaks to help offset higher energy costs as well as the Illinois senator ’s proposal for a tax on windfall oil company profits .
It accuses McCain , an Arizona senator , of seeking to give oil companies additional tax breaks .
The McCain campaign said the ad was misleading and failed to mention that the Republican candidate voted against a 2005 bill that provided billions in tax breaks for energy producers , including oil companies aimed at offering incentives for domestic energy production .
Obama voted for the bill , which was backed by Bush .
“ Barack Obama ’s latest negative attack ad shows his celebrity is matched only by his hypocrisy , ” McCain spokesman Tucker Bounds said in a statement .
“ Also not mentioned is the $ 400,000 from big oil contributors that Barack Obama has already pocketed in this election , ” Bounds said .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
With U.S. voters anxious about $ 4 a gallon gasoline amid economic weakness and a deteriorating job market , Obama plans to focus on the topic of energy .
He is to travel to Lansing , Michigan , on Monday and will make stops in Ohio and Indiana on Tuesday and Wednesday .
Obama ’s proposal for a windfall oil profits tax has drawn criticism from those who say it proved to be counterproductive when it was last put in place in the United States in 1980 during the final year of President Jimmy Carter ’s administration .
Those critics say the measure prompted oil companies to cut back on domestic production while failing to raise as much in tax revenue as lawmakers expected .
It was repealed in 1988 during the Reagan administration .
Obama ’s aggressive new ad is the latest salvo in an intensifying battle on the airwaves .
In ads that have drawn controversy , McCain has sought to cast Obama as an arrogant “ celebrity ” candidate who lacks the substance to lead .
An ad titled “ Celeb ” features shots of socialite - actress Paris Hilton and singer Britney Spears as well as shots of Obama speaking at a huge campaign event to try to imply that he is more of a celebrity icon than a potential chief executive .
But the ad was criticized by Hilton ’s mother , Kathy Hilton , who has contributed to McCain ’s campaign and called the advertisement a “ waste of money . ”
There was a time when bosses demanded loyalty .
In return they ’d give you a job for life – or at least a sizable chunk of it , along with steady progress through the ranks and pay rises .
At some point the social contract broke down .
Employers no longer expect you to stay for ever .
Or at least most do n’t .
If they want to keep your skills , talent and enthusiasm they ’ll offer you equity , options or another incentive .
So you ’re off then ?
From a younger person ’s point of view , moving on should not just be about earning better money .
You should also build your curriculum vitae .
You must balance the variety of skills and breadth of acquired experience against the need to show stability .
Make sure you make a tidy , clean break and stay friends .
Your next employer may not care if you have only been in your current job for 10 months , but later employers will .
It ’s important that you do n’t appear to be a butterfly flitting casually from job to job .
On the other hand , smart recruiters recognise five years at a single employer might not mean five years of experience , but the same year of experience repeated five times .
It might also show an unambitious nature or even a lack of gumption .
No easy answers
There are no hard and fast rules .
Details differ from discipline to discipline and from region to region , but after talking to recruiters and people who successfully manage their careers the following seems to be about the right recipe for today ’s job market :
It ’s OK to have a new job roughly every year up until around your 30 th birthday .
Assuming you graduate at 22 , that means you can safely fit in seven employers before hitting your 30s .
Less than three employers in this time means you probably have n’t learnt enough .
Higher degrees , periods of self - employment and bar - keeping in London each count as a single employer .
birthday .
Assuming you graduate at 22 , that means you can safely fit in seven employers before hitting your 30s .
Less than three employers in this time means you probably have n’t learnt enough .
Higher degrees , periods of self - employment and bar - keeping in London each count as a single employer .
When you hit 30 , you need to slow down .
Individual jobs should last between 18 months and three years with an average of over two years .
Aim for four jobs between your 30 th and 40 th birthdays .
Do n’t worry if one lasts less than 18 months — but make sure you have a good explanation if there is more than one short - term job .
Higher degrees and periods of self - employment are still cool .
Indulgent goofing - off ( i.e. bar - keeping in London ) can look flaky to some employers , but accomplishing something ( writing a book , sailing single - handed around the world or climbing Everest ) is OK .
Aim for four jobs between your 30 and 40 birthdays .
Do n’t worry if one lasts less than 18 months — but make sure you have a good explanation if there is more than one short - term job .
Higher degrees and periods of self - employment are still cool .
Indulgent goofing - off ( i.e. bar - keeping in London ) can look flaky to some employers , but accomplishing something ( writing a book , sailing single - handed around the world or climbing Everest ) is OK .
Above 40 it ’s OK to stay a little longer with employers , but not too long and certainly not if you stay in the same role .
The lower limit of 18 months still applies but you should be looking to clock up some extended periods of more than four or five years with a single employer .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Google is known as a fertile ground for hatching and developing ideas , and a recently published patent application demonstrates the kinds of corners the company encourages its people to think around .
The patent in question was filed just over 18 months ago , in February 2007 , and details a conceptual floating data center , cooled and powered by wave or tidal energy , and able to move from place to place depending on where its computing power is most necessary .
The abstract of Google 's patent refers to a system including " a floating platform - mounted computer data center comprising a plurality of computing units , a sea - based electrical generator in electrical connection with the plurality of computing units , and one or more sea - water cooling units for providing cooling to the plurality of computing units . "
Consult the image below , and you can see four rectangular modules ( Google 's term ) , all of which are capable of being moved by crane .
Google already has a patent on modular , mobile computing data centers that can be networked together to form a greater whole , although Sun could potentially challenge it .
Sun 's Modular Datacenter ( formerly known as BlackBox ) was on the market before Google 's patent was approved , but the two companies could settle the issue — if one is ever raised — through any number of licensing or cross-licensing agreements .
Google discusses the potential need for this type of portable data center , and describes uses that include :
A temporary need for additional mobile computing power due to a major function or gathering
The use of a mobile data center as a primary communications node after a natural disaster , or in any scenario where lines of communication and Internet availability have been compromised
A means of moving data centers closer to users , decreasing latency , and increasing the number of connections that can be handled simultaneously at certain stress points .
Google 's patent filing largely deals with ship - based data centers , but it also addresses the use of wave power , tidal power , and seawater for providing electricity and cooling to land - based data centers that are close enough to water to make such concepts feasible .
If there 's a flaw in Google 's plan , it 's that it relies upon an as - yet unproven method of energy production .
Tidal power certainly shows promise , and there are a number of functional prototypes and development projects worldwide , but these efforts have only produced a single commercial - scale prototype thus far , off the coast of Northern Ireland .
The ocean - driven generator , named SeaGen , came online in April 2008 , and fed 150 kW into the electrical grid for the first time on July 17 .
Once fully functional , SeaGen should provide 1.2MW of total power .
There 's nothing to stop Google from deploying an ocean - going data center powered by conventional fuel sources , but such a vessel could easily be limited by range or fuel capacity .
In addition to its own fuel , the data - ship would be forced to carry enough diesel to power its systems .
Fuel costs could prove prohibitively expensive , especially if the ship was needed in an area where infrastructure no longer existed ( or had never existed ) to provide the vessel with a chance to refill both its primary tanks and its generator storage .
With challenges like these to overcome , it 'll be a few more years before we read tales of the S.S. I 'm Feeling Lucky and her epic struggle to round the cape , but Google seems to think the hurdles to wave and tidal power generation are close enough to resolution to make the patent worth filing .
" I was sleeping when he came , " said one 15 - year - old girl .
" He hit me on the back .
He said that he would kill me , and then he raped me .
If anyone came to know , he said that he would kill me . "
Once upon a midnight dreary , while I pondered weak and weary ,
Over many a quaint and curious volume of forgotten lore ,
While I nodded , nearly napping , suddenly there came a tapping ,
As of some one gently rapping , rapping at my chamber door .
`'Tis some visitor , ' I muttered , `tapping at my chamber door -
Only this , and nothing more . '
Ah , distinctly I remember it was in the bleak December ,
And each separate dying ember wrought its ghost upon the floor .
Eagerly I wished the morrow ; - vainly I had sought to borrow
From my books surcease of sorrow - sorrow for the lost Lenore -
For the rare and radiant maiden whom the angels name Lenore -
Nameless here for evermore .
And the silken sad uncertain rustling of each purple curtain
Thrilled me - filled me with fantastic terrors never felt before ;
So that now , to still the beating of my heart , I stood repeating
`'Tis some visitor entreating entrance at my chamber door -
Some late visitor entreating entrance at my chamber door ; -
This it is , and nothing more , '
Presently my soul grew stronger ; hesitating then no longer ,
` Sir , ' said I , `or Madam , truly your forgiveness I implore ;
But the fact is I was napping , and so gently you came rapping ,
And so faintly you came tapping , tapping at my chamber door ,
That I scarce was sure I heard you ' - here I opened wide the door ; -
Darkness there , and nothing more .
Deep into that darkness peering , long I stood there wondering , fearing ,
Doubting , dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before ;
But the silence was unbroken , and the darkness gave no token ,
And the only word there spoken was the whispered word , ` Lenore ! '
This I whispered , and an echo murmured back the word , ` Lenore ! '
Merely this and nothing more .
Back into the chamber turning , all my soul within me burning ,
Soon again I heard a tapping somewhat louder than before .
` Surely , ' said I , `surely that is something at my window lattice ;
Let me see then , what thereat is , and this mystery explore -
Let my heart be still a moment and this mystery explore ; -
' Tis the wind and nothing more ! '
Open here I flung the shutter , when , with many a flirt and flutter ,
In there stepped a stately raven of the saintly days of yore .
Not the least obeisance made he ; not a minute stopped or stayed he ;
But , with mien of lord or lady , perched above my chamber door -
Perched upon a bust of Pallas just above my chamber door -
Perched , and sat , and nothing more .
Then this ebony bird beguiling my sad fancy into smiling ,
By the grave and stern decorum of the countenance it wore ,
` Though thy crest be shorn and shaven , thou , ' I said , `art sure no craven .
Ghastly grim and ancient raven wandering from the nightly shore -
Tell me what thy lordly name is on the Night 's Plutonian shore !'
Quoth the raven , ` Nevermore . '
Much I marvelled this ungainly fowl to hear discourse so plainly ,
Though its answer little meaning - little relevancy bore ;
For we cannot help agreeing that no living human being
Ever yet was blessed with seeing bird above his chamber door -
Bird or beast above the sculptured bust above his chamber door ,
With such name as ` Nevermore . '
But the raven , sitting lonely on the placid bust , spoke only ,
That one word , as if his soul in that one word he did outpour .
Nothing further then he uttered - not a feather then he fluttered -
Till I scarcely more than muttered ` Other friends have flown before -
On the morrow he will leave me , as my hopes have flown before . '
Then the bird said , ` Nevermore . '
Startled at the stillness broken by reply so aptly spoken ,
` Doubtless , ' said I , `what it utters is its only stock and store ,
Caught from some unhappy master whom unmerciful disaster
Followed fast and followed faster till his songs one burden bore -
Till the dirges of his hope that melancholy burden bore
Of " Never- nevermore . " '
But the raven still beguiling all my sad soul into smiling ,
Straight I wheeled a cushioned seat in front of bird and bust and door ;
Then , upon the velvet sinking , I betook myself to linking
Fancy unto fancy , thinking what this ominous bird of yore -
What this grim , ungainly , ghastly , gaunt , and ominous bird of yore
Meant in croaking ` Nevermore .'
This I sat engaged in guessing , but no syllable expressing
To the fowl whose fiery eyes now burned into my bosom 's core ;
This and more I sat divining , with my head at ease reclining
On the cushion 's velvet lining that the lamp - light gloated o'er ,
But whose velvet violet lining with the lamp - light gloating o'er ,
She shall press , ah , nevermore !
Then , methought , the air grew denser , perfumed from an unseen censer
Swung by Seraphim whose foot - falls tinkled on the tufted floor .
` Wretch , ' I cried , `thy God hath lent thee - by these angels he has sent thee
Respite - respite and nepenthe from thy memories of Lenore !
Quaff , oh quaff this kind nepenthe , and forget this lost Lenore ! '
Quoth the raven , ` Nevermore . '
` Prophet ! ' said I , `thing of evil !
- prophet still , if bird or devil ! -
Whether tempter sent , or whether tempest tossed thee here ashore ,
Desolate yet all undaunted , on this desert land enchanted -
On this home by horror haunted - tell me truly , I implore -
Is there - is there balm in Gilead ?
- tell me - tell me , I implore !'
Quoth the raven , ` Nevermore . '
` Prophet ! ' said I , `thing of evil !
- prophet still , if bird or devil !
By that Heaven that bends above us - by that God we both adore -
Tell this soul with sorrow laden if , within the distant Aidenn ,
It shall clasp a sainted maiden whom the angels name Lenore -
Clasp a rare and radiant maiden , whom the angels name Lenore ? '
Quoth the raven , ` Nevermore . '
` Be that word our sign of parting , bird or fiend ! '
I shrieked upstarting -
` Get thee back into the tempest and the Night 's Plutonian shore !
Leave no black plume as a token of that lie thy soul hath spoken !
Leave my loneliness unbroken !
- quit the bust above my door !
Take thy beak from out my heart , and take thy form from off my door !'
Quoth the raven , ` Nevermore . '
And the raven , never flitting , still is sitting , still is sitting
On the pallid bust of Pallas just above my chamber door ;
And his eyes have all the seeming of a demon's that is dreaming ,
And the lamp - light o'er him streaming throws his shadow on the floor ;
And my soul from out that shadow that lies floating on the floor
Shall be lifted - nevermore !
As we all know , arthritis , the leading cause of disability among people over 55 , causes pain .
But new research suggests that pain also causes arthritis .
Pain should no longer be thought of just as a symptom of arthritis , according to the study in the October issue of the journal Arthritis and Rheumatism .
Pain signals originating in arthritic joints , and the biochemical processing of those signals as they reach the spinal cord , worsen and expand arthritis , the researchers say .
In addition , the researchers found that nerve pathways carrying pain signals transfer inflammation from arthritic joints to the spine and back again , causing disease at both ends .
Technically , pain is a patient 's conscious realization of discomfort .
Before that can happen , however , information must be carried along nerve cell pathways from , say , an injured knee to the pain processing centers in dorsal horns of the spinal cord , a process called nociception .
The current study provides strong evidence that two - way , nociceptive " crosstalk " may first enable joint arthritis to transmit inflammation into the spinal cord and brain , and then to spread through the central nervous system ( CNS ) from one joint to another .
Furthermore , if joint arthritis can cause neuro - inflammation , it could have a role in conditions like Alzheimer 's disease , dementia and multiple sclerosis .
Armed with the results , researchers have identified likely drug targets that could interfere with key inflammatory receptors on sensory nerve cells as a new way to treat osteoarthritis ( OA ) , which destroys joint cartilage .
The most common form of arthritis , osteoarthritis eventually brings deformity and severe pain as patients loose the protective cushion between bones in weight - bearing joints like knees and hips .
About 27 million Americans have osteoarthritis and 1.3 million have rheumatoid arthritis , according to the Arthritis Foundation .
" Until relatively recently , osteoarthritis was believed to be due solely to wear and tear , and inevitable part of aging , " said Stephanos Kyrkanides , associate professor of Dentistry at the University of Rochester Medical Center .
" Recent studies have revealed , however , that specific biochemical changes contribute to the disease , changes that might be reversed by precision - designed drugs , " he said .
" Our study provides the first solid proof that some of those changes are related to pain processing , and suggests the mechanisms behind the effect , " said Kyrkanides , whose work on genetics in dentistry led to broader applications .
The common ground between arthritis and dentistry :
The jaw joint is a common site of arthritic pain .
How the pain signal works
Past studies have shown that specific nerve pathways along which pain signals travel repeatedly become more sensitive to pain signals with each use .
This may be a part of ancient survival skill ( if that hurt once , do n't do it again ) .
Secondly , pain has long been associated with inflammation ( swelling and fever ) .
In fact , past research has shown that the same chemicals that cause inflammation also cause the sensation of pain and hyper - sensitivity to pain if injected .
Kyrkanides ' work centers around one such pro-inflammatory , signaling chemical called Interleukin 1 - beta ( IL - 1 beta ) , which helps to ramp up the body 's attack on an infection .
Specifically , Kyrkanides ' team genetically engineered a mouse where they could turn up on command the production of IL - 1 beta in the jaw joint , a common site of arthritis .
Experiments showed for the first time that turning up IL - 1 beta in a peripheral joint caused higher levels of IL - 1 beta to be produced in the dorsal horns of the spinal cord as well .
Crosstalking signals
Using a second , even more elaborately engineered mouse model , the team also demonstrated for the first time that creating higher levels of IL - 1 beta in cells called astrocytes in the spinal cord caused more osteoarthritic symptoms in joints .
Past studies had shown astrocytes , non-nerve cells ( glia ) in the central nervous system that provide support for the spinal cord and brain , also serve as the immune cells of CNS organs .
Among other things , they release chemicals like IL - 1 beta to fight disease when triggered .
The same chemicals released from CNS glia may also be released from neurons in joints , possibly explaining how crosstalk carries pain , inflammation and hyper - sensitivity back and forth .
In both mouse models , experimental techniques that shut down IL - 1 beta signaling reversed the crosstalk effects .
Specifically , researchers used a molecule , IL - 1RA , known to inhibit the ability of IL - 1 beta to link up with its receptors on nerve cells .
Existing drugs ( e.g. anakinra , which is indicated for rheumatoid arthritis ) act like IL - 1RA to block the ability IL - 1 beta to send a pain signal through its specific nerve cell receptor , Kyrkanides said , and his group is exploring a new use for the drugs as an osteoarthritis treatment .
The crosstalk compounds
The implications of this process go further , however , because the cells surrounding sensory nerve cell pathways too can be affected by crosstalk .
If 10 astrocytes secrete IL - 1 beta in response to a pain impulse , Kyrkanides said , perhaps 1,000 adjacent cells will be affected , greatly expanding the field of inflammation .
Spinal cord astrocytes are surrounded by sensory nerve cells that connect to other areas of the periphery , further expanding the effect .
According to Kyrkanides ' model , increased inflammation in the central nervous system can then send signals back down the nerve pathways to the joints , causing the release of inflammatory factors there .
Kyrkanides ' colleagues for this research included M. Kerry O'Banion , Ross Tallents , J. Edward Puzas , Sabine M. Brouxhon , Paolo Fiorentino , all at the University of Rochester School of Medicine and Dentistry .
This work was supported in part by grants from the National Institutes of Health .
" Our study results confirm that joints can export inflammation in the form of higher IL - 1 beta along sensory nerve pathways to the spinal cord , and that higher IL - 1 beta inflammation in the spinal cord is sufficient in itself to create osteoarthritis in peripheral joints , " Kyrkanides said .
" We believe this to be a vitally important process contributing to orthopaedic and neurological diseases in which inflammation is a factor . "
Religious and conservative groups called the ruling an outrage but not unexpected , and spoke of steps to enact a constitutional ban on gay marriage .
Peter Wolfgang , executive director of the Family Institute of Connecticut , blamed “ robed masters ” and “ philosopher kings ” on the court .
“ This is about our right to govern ourselves , ” he said .
“ It is bigger than gay marriage . ”
But the state , a principal defendant in the lawsuit , appeared to be resigned to the outcome .
Gov. M. Jodi Rell said that she disagreed with the decision , but would uphold it .
“ The Supreme Court has spoken , ” she said .
“ I do not believe their voice reflects the majority of the people of Connecticut .
However , I am also firmly convinced that attempts to reverse this decision , either legislatively or by amending the state Constitution , will not meet with success . ”
Attorney General Richard Blumenthal said his office was reviewing the decision to determine whether laws and procedures will have to be revised — local officials will issue marriage licenses to gay couples without question , for example — but he offered no challenge and said it would soon be implemented .
The case was watched far beyond Hartford .
Vermont , New Hampshire and New Jersey all have civil union statutes , while Maine , Washington , Oregon and Hawaii have domestic partnership laws that allow same - sex couples many of the same rights granted to those in civil unions .
Advocates for same - sex couples have long argued that civil unions and domestic partnerships denied them the financial , social and emotional benefits accorded in a marriage .
The legal underpinnings for gay marriages , civil unions and statutory partnerships have all come in legislative actions and decisions in lawsuits .
Next month , however , voters in California will decide whether the state Constitution should permit same - sex marriage .
The Connecticut case began in 2004 after the eight same - sex couples were denied marriage licenses by the town of Madison .
Reflecting the contentiousness and wide interest in the case , a long list of state , national and international organizations on both sides filed friend - of - the - court briefs .
The plaintiffs contended that the denial of marriage licenses deprived them of due process and equal protection under the law .
As the credit storm has raged in recent months , insurance companies like A.I.G. have been better positioned than the nation ’s banks and brokerage firms to weather it because accounting rules do not require insurers to mark the investments held in their long - term portfolios to market .
Insurance companies like A.I.G. can hold their investments until they mature , riding out the ups and downs in the market for those assets .
But the moment it began trying to raise capital , A.I.G. had to open its books to potential investors who were likely to take a sharp pencil to the company ’s portfolio values , analysts said .
And with Lehman Brothers last week providing investors with a valuation for the same types of assets held by A.I.G. , subprime and Alt - A mortgage securities , the investment bank ’s marks can now be applied to the big insurer ’s books .
As of the most recent quarter , for example , A.I.G. had $ 20 billion of subprime mortgages marked at 69 cents on the dollar and $ 24 billion in Alt - A securities valued at 67 cents on the dollar .
But Lehman officials on a conference call with investors last week said it was valuing similar subprime mortgage securities to those held by A.I.G. at 34 cents on the dollar ; its mark on the Alt - A holdings was 39 cents .
Those valuations suggest almost a $ 14 billion decline in A.I.G. ’s holdings , after taxes , an amount representing 18 percent of the company ’s book value .
Additional write - downs may also be required in A.I.G. ’s collateralized debt obligations , which the company does mark to market because they are held in a short - term account known as available for sale .
The company valued $ 42 billion in high - grade holdings at 75 cents on the dollar , while it marked another $ 16 billion in lower - rated obligations at 70 cents .
A spokesman for A.I.G. , Nicholas J. Ashooh , said it was inappropriate to compare the markdowns of Lehman Brothers ’ securities with those at A.I.G .
“ We do n’t think that ’s valid , to look at somebody else ’s portfolio markdowns and then infer what A.I.G. ’s might be , because there ’s so many variables , ” Mr. Ashooh said , “ what kind of risk is in the portfolio , what kind of collateral there is , and how the marks were calculated .
We think we use a very thorough and conservative approach that includes third - party input and input from the rating services . ”
Artificial Trees Capture Solar and Wind Energy
October 14th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
A London - based startup called Solar Botanic announced yesterday that it has designed lifelike artificial plants and trees that harvest the power of the sun and the wind .
The key to the company ’s claim is its Nanoleaf — a supposed energy - capturing powerhouse .
The Nanoleaf contains photovoltaic and thermovoltaic cells that capture the sun ’s energy , as well as voltaic twigs and branches that create electricity whenever they are stretched or compressed by the wind .
Unfortunately , neither the Solar Botanic press release or website says exactly how much power an artificial tree or plant can create .
But the company estimates that an average - sized tree with a 6 sq meter canopy could generate enough energy for a single household .
In addition to powering homes , Solar Botanic envisions its creation powering motorways , suburban streets , and parks — anywhere that groups of trees are often found .
I ’m interested in where this company will go in the future , as many people will probably be more willing to tolerate clusters of energy - producing trees in their neighborhoods than solar panels or wind turbines .
But I imagine that large - scale production of the technology is a long way off since Solar Botanic provides minimal details about its plans .
Photo Credit : Solar Botanic
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
San Francisco - Recently obtained documents show that last year the Department of Homeland Security quietly reversed a two - decades - old policy that restricted customs agents from reading and copying the personal papers carried by travelers , including U.S. citizens .
The documents were made public today by the Asian Law Caucus ( ALC ) and Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) , which sued the government under the Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) to obtain policies governing the searches and questioning of travelers at the nation ’s borders .
The documents show that in 2007 , Customs and Border Protection ( CBP ) loosened restrictions on the examination of travelers ' documents and papers that had existed since 1986 .
While CBP agents could previously read travelers ' documents only if they had " reasonable suspicion " that the documents would reveal violations of agency rules , in 2007 officers were given the power to " review and analyze " papers without any individualized suspicion .
Furthermore , whereas CBP agents could previously copy materials only where they had " probable cause " to believe a law had been violated , in 2007 they were empowered to copy travelers ' papers without suspicion of wrongdoing and keep them for a " reasonable period of time " to conduct a border search .
The new rules applied to physical documents as well as files on laptop computers , cell phones , and other electronic devices .
In July 2008 , the Department of Homeland Security made public a new policy on examining travelers ' papers and electronic devices that finalized many of the changes first implemented in 2007 .
The agency did not disclose , however , how much the new policy deviated from rules that had been in place since 1986 .
The FOIA documents from ALC's and EFF 's suit included the original policy , which had been adopted after a group of U.S. citizens challenged the practices of the 1980s as violating First Amendment rights .
" For more than 20 years , the government implicitly recognized that reading and copying the letters , diaries , and personal papers of travelers without reason would chill Americans ' rights to free speech and free expression , " said Shirin Sinnar , ALC staff attorney .
" But now customs officials can probe into the thoughts and lives of ordinary travelers without any suspicion at all . "
In February 2008 , ALC and EFF sued the Department of Homeland Security for failing to disclose its policies on searching and questioning travelers at U.S. borders .
ALC , a San Francisco - based civil rights organization , received more than two dozen complaints since last year from U.S. travelers , mostly of Muslim , South Asian , or Middle Eastern origin , who said they were grilled about their families , religious practices , volunteer activities , political beliefs , or associations when returning to the United States from travels abroad .
In addition , these individuals said that CBP agents examined their books , handwritten notes , personal photos , laptop computer files , and cell phone directories , and sometimes made copies of this information .
The documents from the FOIA request show that CBP 's wide latitude to collect this data attracted significant attention from other law enforcement agencies that sought to access it .
" Your laptop computer likely contains a massive amount of private information such as personal emails , financial data or confidential business records , " said EFF Staff Attorney Marcia Hofmann .
" The Department of Homeland Security has given its agents increasingly broad authority to search , copy , and store that information .
Congress needs to step in now to stop these invasive practices and protect travelers ' privacy . "
The newly released documents , which total 661 pages , also reveal that :
* In 2004 , CBP adopted a directive on responding to " potential terrorists " seeking to enter the United States .
The directive , which was revised in 2006 , called for intensive questioning and document review of individuals who were flagged as " known or suspected " terrorists .
* CBP appears to have no policy constraining agents from questioning travelers on their religious practices or political views , in spite of the fact that many travelers have complained about being grilled on such First Amendment - protected activities .
* According to the Tucson , Arizona , field office of CBP , a database developed within that office to gather and disseminate intelligence on possible terrorists was to serve as a model for a national database .
ALC and EFF plan to challenge the government 's withholding of portions of many of these documents in federal district court this fall .
For the complete set of FOIA documents and more detailed analysis :
http://www.eff.org/cases/foia-litigation-border-searches.
To interview an individual questioned or searched by CBP :
Contact Shirin Sinnar at 415-848-7714 or shirins@asianlawcaucus.org
Contacts :
Marcia Hofmann
Staff Attorney
Electronic Frontier Foundation
marcia@eff.org
Shirin Sinnar
Staff Attorney
Asian Law Caucus
shirins@asianlawcaucus.org
Palin : War with Russia may be needed RAW STORY
Published : Thursday September 11 , 2008
Print This Email This Mike Sheehan , David Edwards and Stephen C. Webster contributed to this report .
** UPDATE AT BOTTOM : Palin does n't know what the " Bush doctrine " is , tells ABC she thought it means Bush 's " world view , " dodges question on US attacks in Pakistan .
McCain running mate Sarah Palin 's first press interview since accepting her VP nod had ABC's Charlie Gibson asking her about the recent Russia - Georgia fracas and to clarify her assertion in June that the Iraq war was a " task " from God .
ABC released early excerpts of the interview .
Among the early highlights :
* Palin says she immediately accepted the VP offer from Sen. McCain , despite misgivings Gibson suggested she might have .
" I did n't hesitate , " she said .
" I answered him yes because I have the confidence in that readiness and knowing that you can't blink , you have to be wired in a way of being so committed to the mission , the mission that we 're on , reform of this country and victory in the war , you can't blink .
So I did n't blink then even when asked to run as his running mate . "
* Asked about the " task from God " statement , Palin at first claimed the quote was n't exact , but Gibson confirmed it .
He then asked , " Are we fighting a holy war ? "
Palin then claimed that she was repeated " Abraham Lincoln 's words " and further explained , " I would never presume to know God 's will or to speak God 's words .
... I believe that there is a plan for this world and that plan for this world is for good .
I believe that there is great hope and great potential for every country to be able to live and be protected with inalienable rights that I believe are God-given ... and I believe that those are the rights to life and liberty and the pursuit of happiness .
That , in my world view , is a grand -- the grand plan . "
* Gibson pressed , asking her if she was sending her son , who is deploying to Iraq , on a task that is from God.
Replied Palin , " I do n't know if the task is from God . ...
What I know is that my son has made a decision .
I am so proud of his independent and strong decision he has made , what he decided to do and serving for the right reasons and serving something greater than himself and not choosing a real easy path where he could be more comfortable and certainly safer . "
* Gibson then brought up Russia 's recent invasion of Georgia , an act roundly condemned by the Bush administration and by McCain himself .
He asked Gibson if the US would be compelled to answer militarily under the NATO treaty if Russia again invaded Georgia .
Palin answered , " Perhaps so .
I mean , that is the agreement when you are a NATO ally , is if another country is attacked , you 're going to be expected to be called upon and help . "
* Expanding on her answer , Palin said , " [ W ] e've got to keep an eye on Russia .
For Russia to have exerted such pressure in terms of invading a smaller democratic country , unprovoked , is unacceptable . "
The full interview will air on ABC this evening .
Palin tells Gibson she ' did n't blink ' at VP offer
ABC 's Charlie Gibson asked Sarah Palin if she has the experience to be vice president .
This video is from ABCNews.com , broadcast September 11 , 2008 .
Download video
Palin walks back Iraq war ' task from God ' remark
ABC 's Charlie Gibson asked Sarah Palin if she believed that the Iraq war was part of God 's plan .
This video is from ABCNews.com , broadcast September 11 , 2008 .
Download video
**FROM TOP : Palin does n't know what the " Bush doctrine " ' is ; Tells ABC she thought it means Bush 's " world view , " dodges question on US attacks in Pakistan .
GIBSON : " Do you agree with the Bush doctrine ? "
PALIN : " In what respect , Charlie ? "
GIBSON : " The Bush ... Well , what do you interpret it to be ? "
PALIN : " His world view . "
GIBSON : " No . The Bush doctrine .
Annunciated in September 2002 , before the Iraq war . "
PALIN : " I believe that what President Bush has attempted to do is rid this world of Islamic extremism , terrorists who are hell - bent on destroying our nation .
There have been blunders along the way , though .
There have been mistakes made , and with new leadership -- and that 's the beauty of American elections of course , and democracy -- is with new leadership comes opportunity to do things better . "
GIBSON : " The Bush doctrine , as I understand it , is we have the right of anticipatory self defense .
We have the right to a preemptive strike against any country we think is going to attack us .
Do you agree with that ? "
PALIN : " Charlie , if there is legitimate and enough intelligence that tells us that a strike is imminent against American people , we have every right to defend our country . "
GIBSON : " Do we have the right to be making cross - border attacks into Pakistan from Afghanistan , with or without the approval of the Pakistani government ? "
PALIN : " As for our right to invade , we 're gonna work with these countries , building new relationships , working with existing allies but forging new also , in order to , Charlie , get to a point in this world where war is not going to be a first option .
In fact , war has got to be a last option . "
GIBSON : " But governor , I 'm asking you , do we have the right to go across the border , with or without the approval of the Pakistani government ? "
PALIN : " In order to stop Islamic extremists , those terrorists who would seek to destroy America and our allies , we must do whatever it takes and we must not blink , Charlie , in making those tough decisions in where we go and even who we target . "
GIBSON : " And let me finish with this .
I just , I got lost in a blizzard of words there .
Was that a yes ?
You think we have the right to go across the border , with or without the approval of the Pakistani government , to go after terrorists ... ? "
PALIN : " I believe that America has to exercise all options in order to stop the terrorists who are hell bent on destroying America and our allies .
We have got to have all options out there on the table . "
This video is from ABC's World News , broadcast September 11 , 2008 .
Download video
Sarah Palin Trailer Trash for Wearing Hoop Earrings ?
is being called trailer trash because she wore hoop earrings to accompanyto Mississippi to speak about impending Hurricane Gustav .
It 's a fashion faux pas for sure .
But trailer trash ?
Come on .
Is it really worse than Hillary Clinton 's orange pantsuit ?
And is her fashion sense ( or lack thereof ) any indication of her qualifications ?
First it was the ridiculous babygate rumors that claimed Sarah Palin faked her last pregnancy to cover up her daughter 's teen pregnancy .
That conspiracy theory was quickly debunked .
I 'm so glad to see people focusing on the really important campaign issues .
Last year the Washington Post dedicated an entire page to Hillary Clinton 's display of cleavage on the Senate floor .
Beyonce 's $ 5 Million Engagement Ring
, who secretly married rapperin April , was flashing some major bling on the red carpet for the Conde Nast Media Group ’s 2008 Fashion Rocks at Radio City Music Hall in New York City on Friday .
The 18 - karat Lorraine Schwartz diamond ring is valued at $ 5 million dollars , according to the jeweler .
Beyonce , 27 , also performed at the event which will air on Tuesday in a two - hour special on CBS .
Proceeds will benefit Stand Up To Cancer , a program established by the Entertainment Industry Foundation to raise money for cancer research .
Stand Up
To Cancer held a live telethon that aired simultaneously on ABC , NBC and CBS on Friday night .
View photos from Stand Up To Cancer .
source
At the Ottawa Linux symposium the current state of Wlan in Linux was highlighted in detail .
In the meantime , the development version of the Linux kernel included the gspca webcam drivers .
Wlan in Linux
The Ottawa Linux Smyposium was at the end of July and dealt with all kinds of Linux ( kernel ) related topics .
Heise ’s Thorsten Leemhuis made an excellent review in German about the main topics of the symposium , and you also find detailed background information at the symposium archive and at the proceedings page .
One topic which struck me was the current state of Wlan in Linux : Wlan in Linux was horrible and broken for years .
Or , to cite a Linux Wlan developer : “ Linux was a wireless Lan ghetto . ”
But it changed a year ago when the new Wlan stack mac80211 was integrated into the mainline kernel .
Since then , things have improved very much , and today Wlan on Linux is not the number one problem any more .
In fact , given that even Atheros now officially supports Linux by hiring the main Atheros Open Source driver developer the number of not - supported devices on Linux is shrinking every day .
But there are still some interesting points on the ToDo - list of the Wlan kernel developers .
The main point it the new API for userland applications to access the hardware : CFG80211 .
It will provide a much cleaner , saner and more usable API to the userland applications , hopefully resulting in much easier to maintain Wlan programs ( think of wpa_supplicant here for example ) .
Given that the old API , the Wirelesss Ectensions where hardly extensible themselves , the new API is developed to be easily maintainable and also extensible for future features .
Besides the new API there will also be support for Access Point Mode and Mesh Networking .
With the new Wlan stack it should be possible to bring these features to all mac80211 supported devices at once .
Together with sufficient userland devices sit should be only two or three clicks away in the future to provide others
Wlan internet access when a Linux box has a Wlan card and is itself connected to the internet via ethernet .
Mesh Networking will provide that even automatically if needed .
In the future the developers will also focus on low - level features like power management , power saving and suspend / resume support .
The main problem are still some vendors which do n’t bother providing even basic Linux support .
Most notable seems to be Broadcom which has good LAN hardware support , but zero Wlan support .
Here , as usually , money and user feedback create pressure !
There are many Linux friendly companies out there these days , like Intel , Atheros and Realtek .
Webcams in Linux
Webcams on Linux were not working in the last years .
To bring them up users ( or sometimes the distributors ) had to install the drivers manually – that was still the casee on recent distributions like Fedora 8 .
However , at least the situation was overseeable : for most of the webcams one of two drivers was working , gspca or uvc .
However , the drivers were not included due to various reasons and problems with the sub-system .
But in April rumors came up that uvc wil land in the mainline kernel soon – and it did in June already .
Now gspca was also added to the current development tree , meaning that the next kernel will indeed ship with the gspca driver on board .
For users that means that future kernels , and therefore future distributions , will all ship with drivers supporting hundreds and thousands of Webcams out of the box !
Also , since the drivers are now wide spread new webcam applications can be expected soon .
But again , some vendors are not playing nice here , and do not provide any documentation and do not even follow the UVC standard .
Decide with you money , and be sure to by a webcam of a Linux friendly company like Logitech .
Sources : Truthout , February 2008 Title : “ Predatory Lenders ’ Partner in Crime ” Global Research , March 17 , 2008 Title : “ Why the Bush Administration ‘ Watergated ’ Eliot Spitzer ” Author : F. William EngdahlStudent Researchers : Rob Hunter , Elizabeth Rathbun , and Rebecca NewsomeFaculty Evaluator : Mickey S. Huff , MAThe exposure of New York State Governor Eliot Spitzer ’s tryst with a luxury call girl had little to do with the Bush administration ’s high moral standards for public servants .
Author F. William Engdahl advises that , “ in evaluating spectacular scandals around prominent public figures , it is important to ask what and who might want to eliminate that person . ”
Timing suggests that Spitzer was likely a target of a White House and Wall Street operation to silence one of its most dangerous and vocal critics of their handling of the current financial market crisis .
Spitzer had become increasingly public in blaming the Bush administration for the subprime crisis .
He testified in mid-February before the US House of Representatives Financial Services subcommittee and later that day , in a national CNBC interview , laid blame squarely on the administration for creating an environment ripe for predatory lenders .
On February 14 , the Washington Post published an editorial by Spitzer titled , “ Predatory Lenders ’ Partner in Crime : How the Bush Administration Stopped the States From Stepping In to Help Consumers , ” which charged , “ Not only did the Bush administration do nothing to protect consumers , it embarked on an aggressive and unprecedented campaign to prevent states from protecting their residents from the very problems to which the federal government was turning a blind eye .
” In this editorial , Spitzer explained : The administration accomplished this feat through an obscure federal agency called the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ( OCC ) .
The OCC has been in existence since the Civil War .
Its mission is to ensure the fiscal soundness of national banks .
For 140 years , the OCC examined the books of national banks to make sure they were balanced , an important but uncontroversial function .
But a few years ago , for the first time in its history , the OCC was used as a tool against consumers .
In 2003 , during the height of the predatory lending crisis , the OCC invoked a clause from the 1863 National Bank Act to issue formal opinions preempting all state predatory lending laws , thereby rendering them inoperative .
The OCC also promulgated new rules that prevented states from enforcing any of their own consumer protection laws against national banks .
The federal government ’s actions were so egregious and so unprecedented that all 50 state attorneys general , and all 50 state banking superintendents , actively fought the new rules .
But the unanimous opposition of the 50 states did not deter , or even slow , the Bush administration in its goal of protecting the banks .
In fact , when my office opened an investigation of possible discrimination in mortgage lending by a number of banks , the OCC filed a federal lawsuit to stop the investigation .
” The editorial appeared the day after Spitzer ’s ill - fated rendezvous with the prostitute at the Mayflower Hotel .
With that article , some Washington insiders believe , Spitzer signed his own political death warrant .
On March 4 , 2008 , Spitzer furthermore proposed legislation that would have imposed penalties for mortgage fraud and predatory lending .
1 Curiously , Spitzer , who had been elected governor in 2006 , defeating a Republican by winning nearly 70 percent of the vote , has been not charged with any crime .
His case went into the hands of Washington and not those of New York State authorities , underscoring the clear political nature of Spitzer ’s “ offense . ”
New York Assembly Republicans immediately announced plans to impeach Spitzer or put him on public trial if he were to refuse resignation .
Although prostitution is illegal in most US states , clients of prostitutes are almost never charged , nor are their names typically released while a case is in process .
Spitzer ’s editorial concluded , “ When history tells the story of the sub - prime lending crisis and recounts its devastating effects on the lives of so many innocent homeowners , the Bush administration will not be judged favorably . . . it will be judged as a willing accomplice to the lenders who went to any lengths in their quest for profits .
The administration was so willing , in fact , that it used the power of the federal government in an unprecedented assault on state legislatures , as well as on state attorneys general and anyone else on the side of consumers .
” Citation1 . “ Governor Spitzer Proposes Legislation to Address Sub- prime Mortgage Crisis , ” New York State website , March 4 , 2008 .
Our team is working remotely at the moment ; please email all enquiries to communications@admin.cam.ac.uk .
If you have not received a reply to your message and your enquiry is urgent , please call +44 ( 0)7879 116949 .
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE September 23 , 2008 Contacts : Elliot Adams 518-441-2697 , Ellen Barfield 410-948-8023 , Tarak Kauff 845-249-9489
IRAQ AND VIETNAM WAR VETERANS OCCUPY NATIONAL ARCHIVES BUILDING
“ Arresting Bush and Cheney for war crimes will honor our oath to the Constitution , ” vets say .
On Tuesday morning , September 23 , 7:30 am , at the front of the National Archives Building on Constitution Ave. in Washington , D.C. , five military veterans will risk arrest as they climb a 9 - foot retaining fence and occupy a 35 - foot high ledge to raise a 22×8 foot banner stating , “ DEFEND OUR CONSTITUTION .
ARREST BUSH AND CHENEY : WAR CRIMINALS !
The group , which includes Vietnam and Iraq War veterans , has declared its intention to stay on the ledge , fasting for 24 hours “ in remembrance of those who have perished and those still suffering from the crimes of the Bush administration , ”  according to a written statement .
With a portable PA system , they will broadcast recorded statements from prominent Americans for the impeachment and / or arrest of George W. Bush and Richard Cheney .
“ Citizens Arrest Warrants ”  will be distributed to people waiting in line to enter the National Archives .
The veterans emphasized they are taking this action because “ Bush and Cheney ’s serial abuse of the Law of the Land clearly marks them as domestic enemies of the Constitution ” ¦they have illegally invaded and occupied Iraq , deliberately destroyed civilian infrastructure , authorized torture , and unlawfully detained prisoners .
These actions clearly mark them as war criminals ” ¦accountability extends beyond impeachment to prosecution for war crimes even after their terms of office expire . ” 
“ We take this action as a last resort , ”  their statement added .
“ For years we have pursued every avenue open to good , vigilant citizens to bring these men to justice , to re-establish the rule of law , and to restore the balance of power described in our Constitution .
We are not disturbing the peace ; we are attempting to restore the peace .
We are not conducting ourselves in a disorderly manner ; our action is well - ordered and well - considered .
We are not trespassing ; we have come to the home of our Constitution to honor our oath to defend it . ” 
Those participating are all members of Veterans For Peace and include Elliott Adams : 61 , NY , VFP President and former Army paratrooper in Viet Nam ; Ellen Barfield : 52 , MD , former U.S. Army Sgt. , full - time peace and justice advocate ; Kim Carlyle : 61 , NC , mountain homesteader , former Army Spec 5 , 828-626-2572 ; Diane Wilson : 59 , TX , shrimp boat captain , former Army medic , 361-785-4680 ; Doug Zachary : 58 , TX , VFP staff , former USMC LCpl discharged as a conscientious objector , 512-791-9824 ; and Tarak Kauff ( ground support ) 67 , NY , painting contractor , former U.S. Army Airborne .
Founded in 1985 , VFP has 120 chapters throughout the country and has actively protested the Afghanistan and Iraq wars since their inception .
Membership includes men and women veterans of all eras and duty stations spanning the Spanish Civil War , WWII , Korea , Vietnam and Iraq .
VFP is an official Non Governmental Organization ( NGO ) represented at the UN .
###
“ May the innocent find peace ; may the dead find grace ; may the wounded find healing ; may the homeless find shelter ; may America find forgiveness ; and may justice find the guilty . ”
– Veterans For Peace Ch 39
The supermarket giants are driving out independent petrol retailers with shop - a - docket discounts smaller operators can't compete with , the Service Station Association says .
The plight of independent operators was highlighted on Tuesday in a protest against the influence of big oil companies and their supermarket partners by two Sydney petrol stations which slashed their prices by a third .
The independently - owned BP and United stations on Sunnyholt Road in Blacktown were selling unleaded petrol 94.9 cents a litre on Tuesday - around 50 cents a litre under the more usual price range .
The move was a protest against big oil companies trying to kill off the independents , the stations said .
The NRMA added its voice to the protest on Wednesday , saying motorists are paying at least eight to 10 cents more at the bowser than they should be .
Sarah Palin's interview with Katie Couric , the first portion of which airs tonight , wo n't give Republicans any reassurance that she 's ready for prime time .
It will , however , reassure McCain aides that they 're ollowing the right course of action by keeping her shielded .
Not only did Palin say the country could be facing another Great Depression without a bailout , but she offered a painful silence when pressed about campaign manager 's Rick Davis 's ties to Freddie Mac .
And , at the end , she had no good answer when asked by Couric for examples of what McCain has done to regulate Wall Street .
First , she reminded Couric that McCain had been " known as the maverick . "
Pressed for details , Palin threw in the towel .
" I 'll try to find you some and I 'll bring them to you , " she said with a smile .
While painful to some , it may be endearing to others .
She is what she is -- not a seasoned politician who knows how to dodge every question .
It 's bracing but it also could be spun as normal .
comments closed
permalink
Page is not available in your region
To our valued customers ,
We regret that due to technical challenges caused by new regulations in Europe , we can for the time being no longer accept orders from the European Union .
If you reside in the UK you can continue to order from our UK websites or shop from our locations and partners .
Visit West Elm at www.westelm.co.uk and Pottery Barn Kids at www.potterybarnkids.co.uk.
Matters of consumer privacy and rights are paramount to our brands and we will continue to work diligently to make our products available to you .
The pace of global regulations is hard to predict , but we have the ultimate goal of being able to offer our products everywhere .
We share your disappointment and greatly appreciate your understanding .
Thank you for your patronage .
Contact Us
If you think you have reached this page in error or inquiries regarding previously placed orders , you may reach us at
" To me , this is the way media always should have been , " says Hulu CEO Jason Kilar . *
Illustration : Todd Alan Breland *
What 's a hulu ?
In August 2007 , this question ricocheted through the blogosphere to a chorus of derisive laughter .
Fox and NBC were going to make the Internet safe for television !
They were building a " YouTube killer " !
And they were calling it Hulu !
It was almost too perfect — an absurdist topper to the idea that two major broadcast networks could devise an Internet video service people would actually use .
The name was even more delicious than the venture 's placeholder moniker , NewCo. , which the online world had changed to Clown Co . And now Hulu ?
It means " snoring " in Chinese , one blogger declared .
" ' Cease ' and ' desist ' in Swahili , " Michael Arrington reported on TechCrunch .
" Perhaps they should have just stuck with Clown Co. , " he added .
Jason Kilar read these posts and winced .
A 36 - year - old ex-Amazon.com executive newly relocated to Los Angeles , Kilar had followed — even admired — many of these bloggers for years .
Now he was Hulu's CEO , and their ridicule was n't so funny .
What 's a Hulu ?
Kilar had gotten the same question from Jeff Zucker , chief of NBC Universal , and Peter Chernin , president of News Corporation , Fox 's corporate parent .
In English it means nothing .
In Mandarin , when pronounced another way , it means not snoring but " bottle gourd , " which , in an old Chinese proverb , stands for a " holder of precious things . "
If you say so , they responded .
Even Kilar was starting to wonder whether he could make this thing work .
Along with the new name , he had just announced that Hulu , which he had been running for only seven weeks , would launch in beta in two months — much later than expected but far too soon for a team that had barely gotten started .
He was heading an operation of 20 people holed up in an office suite in West LA .
To meet the deadline , he had turned the place into a bunker : Newspapers covered every window .
People were sleeping on air mattresses on the floor .
Half - eaten pizzas littered the empty cubicles .
Fruit flies were the only visitors .
But Kilar would make it work .
He and his crew would emerge from their dismal cave with the sleekest , easiest - to - use , most professional video site on the Internet .
Not only would it deliver shows and movies from Fox and NBC Universal , it would take you to programs from every other major network and studio .
Full - length episodes .
Entire seasons .
For free .
Within months of that late - August announcement , Hulu would be among the top 10 US video sites in number of clips streamed .
Om Malik , one of the bloggers who had ridiculed it from the start , would pronounce it " brilliant . "
TechCrunch readers would vote it best video startup of 2007 .
" Game Over. Hulu Wins , " Arrington would declare in a conciliatory post .
How did that happen ?
On a summer evening in Santa Monica , Kilar is sitting in a cafè9 near his house , reminiscing about the vintage anime series Speed Racer .
As a kid , he was one of the millions who used to rush home from school every day to watch the hero 's Mach 5 blow by Racer X . " It came on at 3:30 , " Kilar says , " and if I was late , I missed it . "
Tall and loose - limbed , with rosy cheeks and an eager smile , Kilar looks more like an oversize Boy Scout than the man who would finally usher the television networks into the Internet age .
But his earnestness and enthusiasm have served him well among entertainment execs .
He has won their support by explaining the obvious :
In a world of limitless choice , 10 - year - olds are no longer going to race home to catch a TV show .
Admitting that fact means surrendering the scheduling power the networks have always enjoyed and putting a lot of their profits at risk .
But Kilar focuses on the opportunity .
If you were a network exec , he says , playing with his cheese - and - veggie scramble , " and I told you here was a tool that enabled your content to be shared , to be forwarded , to make your audience your most powerful marketing vehicle — it would be music to your ears , right ?
This is a tectonic shift , and what it does is allow network heads to find the audience they always should have had but could n't reach . "
Like a lot of other people , Kilar read about the News Corp. - NBC Universal venture when it was announced in March 2007 and thought , " Huh — I wonder how this will turn out . "
Not well , if earlier digital efforts by media giants were any indication .
The classic example was Movielink , a Hollywood download service that never took off because the studios loaded it with restrictions .
And on the music side there was Sony Connect , a stillborn Web store that had the same problem .
2 million people went to the Hulu site in July , and here are the shows they streamed .
At the time , the business that Fox and NBC Universal had in mind was still poorly defined .
" It started out of frustration that other people were using our video online and creating a business , " Zucker says .
A year earlier , NBC had forced YouTube to pull clips of Saturday Night Live 's " Lazy Sunday " skit , even though it was sparking new interest in the show .
YouTube complied ; pirate sites did n't bother .
The networks needed to find some way to keep others from grabbing their shows — and their profits .
But the companies were too accustomed to competing with one another to form a common strategy .
Disney , corporate parent of ABC , joined talks for a while but opted to focus on its own Web business rather than join forces .
CBS and Viacom ( which owns MTV and Comedy Central ) decided to invest in Joost , an online - TV startup from the Net - savvy guys behind Skype and Kazaa , and Viacom hit Google , which had just bought YouTube , with a $ 1 billion lawsuit for good measure .
That left Fox and NBC Universal to team up on some sort of Web video service .
Chernin and Zucker were still trying to figure out what it would be when news of their plans leaked out , forcing them to make a hasty announcement .
Jonathan Nelson , CEO of Providence Equity Partners , read the same story as Kilar .
Head of a $ 21 billion private - equity fund focused on media and telecommunications , Nelson was set to go heli- skiing in Greenland with Chernin .
Now he called his buddy and offered to invest in the startup .
We do n't need any money , Chernin replied .
Maybe not , Nelson countered , but you do need validation .
Bringing in an outside partner would make the thing look less like a Fox - NBC Universal promo vehicle and perhaps make competing networks more interested in joining .
Nelson had a point , and as the two sides hammered out the terms of the investment , he and Al Dobron , head of Providence 's Internet practice , joined the discussions about what the new company would become .
As Dobron describes it , the initial business plan was all too predictable : " It was like , you 're watching TV , you turn to the left and look at a computer screen , and you watch the same thing you were watching on TV in the same way . "
AOL , MSN , Yahoo , and MySpace had been enlisted as distribution partners , but at first , Fox and NBC Universal were planning to contribute just a few shows each and , in most cases , only recent episodes at that .
Anything more would jeopardize the networks ' existing businesses — especially syndication and DVD sales .
If they were going to make this thing work , Nelson and Dobron realized , they needed somebody with no TV experience — " somebody who was going to say , ' This is not television on the Internet ; this is the Internet . ' "
Chernin was thinking the same thing .
Kilar quickly surfaced as a likely candidate .
At Amazon , he had helped expand the company beyond books and into home video ; then he had led the teams that built such apps as 1 - Click checkout and the Amazon Prime premium shipping service .
Kilar was understandably skeptical when the headhunter approached him .
Were Fox and NBC really ready to entrust their most valuable assets , their programming , to an outsider ?
But the more he thought about it , the more he was drawn to what Chernin and Zucker were proposing .
He had always loved TV and movies .
And though the music industry had blown its chance to stay ahead of digital culture , he saw a brief window of opportunity for Hollywood .
More than 60 million Americans now had broadband , but most had n't yet gotten into the habit of using BitTorrent to download sitcoms .
What if he could help show business make the transition that the music industry had flubbed ?
In late June , Kilar agreed to take the job .
He already had his pick for CTO : Eric Feng , a 28 - year - old engineer he had known in Seattle .
Feng had gone to Beijing for Microsoft and ended up launching his own company there .
His startup , Mojiti , was one of the first sites to enable users to put text comments on a Web video , but what had been leading - edge a year earlier was quickly becoming commonplace .
Feng had seven young developers who knew a great deal about Web video — even if most of them spoke only Mandarin .
So eight days after accepting the position , Kilar flew to China and persuaded the entire team to join him .
Feng would return to the US ; the others would stay in Beijing and build the service .
The following Monday morning , Kilar showed up for work in LA to find his offices already teeming with people .
Fox and NBC Universal had provided a couple of dozen employees on loan and brought in 40 - odd consultants from PricewaterhouseCoopers and Avenue A / Razorfish .
The plan was to outsource both the site design and the underlying computer code .
Kilar was aghast .
" Technology is the source of our competitive advantage , " he explains — the key to a service that would provide a high - quality videostream and support an ever - growing number of users and shows .
" For us to design the company to last , we had to write every line of code ourselves . "
He sent the network people back to their old jobs and told the consultants they were out .
Then he affixed whiteboard to three of the walls in his office and wrote out a mission statement and some basic design principles .
The top Internet services — Google , Flickr , YouTube — thrive because they are simple .
Kilar wanted a clean , uncluttered look .
He wanted a service that worked inside your browser , not one that required you to download a player — an obstacle that has kept Joost from taking off .
And he wanted it to be so easy to use that his 62 - year - old mom could have it working within 15 seconds .
Plus , of course , he wanted a lot of shows .
Shortly before he arrived , Kilar had gotten a list of all the programs the new service would have .
" It was one piece of paper , " he says .
" I wished it was a phone book . "
He went to Dan Fawcett , head of digital media at Fox , and to J. B. Perrette , head of digital distribution at NBC Universal , and told them this would n't work .
To compete with BitTorrent sites , Hulu needed every movie they had ever made and every TV show they had ever aired — and not just four or five episodes but all of them .
Fawcett and Perrette were taken aback .
Not only was the task of clearing the legal rights daunting , but Fox and NBC Universal , like all entertainment conglomerates , make millions selling their movies and television shows to cable channels and other outlets in a series of distribution windows .
" We have to respect those windows , " Fawcett says .
Yet he and Perrette worked overtime to clear everything that was n't already spoken for .
Kilar 's next test came in New York on August 15 , at the new company 's first board meeting .
The Providence Equity investment had n't closed yet , so the board consisted of just Kilar and six network people — three each from Fox and NBC Universal , led by Chernin and Zucker .
Kilar announced a couple of jaw - droppers :
His team was going to provide embed codes so users could post Hulu 's programming on their own Web sites , and they were building a search engine that would direct people to every movie and TV show online , even if it was on a competitor 's site .
The normal response would have been " Is this guy nuts ? "
But as Kilar made his case , first Chernin and then Zucker swung to his side .
The embed codes would enable their videos to go viral , and the search function solved the problem of how to provide a full offering with only two networks .
The plans were approved .
For the next 10 weeks , as Feng and his team raced to build the service , Kilar focused on getting more shows .
He kept a color - coded spreadsheet — green for yes , yellow for maybe , red for no — that listed every property Fox and NBC Universal controlled , with details about every remaining legal hurdle :
Are the rights owned by the network , the producer , or a third party ?
Can we clear all the music ?
Each new green was celebrated .
One by one , they picked up cult favorites like 30 Rock , Buffy the Vampire Slayer , and Battlestar Galactica .
Almost the last to go green before Hulu 's beta launch at the end of October was one of the shows they had focused on most : Arrested Development , which Fox had canceled due to poor ratings despite multiple Emmys and heaps of critical acclaim .
In March 2008 , Hulu officially opened for business with more than 250 TV shows and 100 movies — not only from Fox , NBC , Universal , and their affiliated cable channels , but from new partners like the indie film studio Lionsgate and the television arm of Warner Bros. , which makes shows for all the networks .
Visitors were delighted to discover that they could quickly find and watch full - length programs and movies , even ones that were n't hosted by Hulu .
Two months later , Hulu edged ahead of ESPN.com to become one of comScore 's top 10 US video sites .
Its growing popularity led Viacom to offer recent episodes of The Colbert Report and The Daily Show With Jon Stewart , two of Comedy Central 's most popular programs .
Meanwhile , the accolades were pouring in .
Users and critics alike praised its straightforward design and even the way it implemented ads .
Entertainment Weekly called it " some kind of TV addict 's fever dream . "
" This is the entertainment we 've all been looking for , " one user wrote in to the company .
Another declared simply , " You have done something great . "
Hulu had gotten online TV right .
So much for Clown Co .
The big question now is , can Hulu turn a profit ?
Hulu is n't releasing any numbers , though Dobron says its revenue will " dramatically exceed initial forecasts . "
The only credible outside guess seems to come from Michael Learmonth at Silicon Alley Insider , who estimates that Hulu will generate between $ 45 million and $ 90 million in advertising in the year following its launch .
Since he estimates that 70 percent of that money goes to content providers , this does n't leave much for operating costs .
And while Hulu gets two to three times the ad rate that the broadcast networks command , that 's on a cost - per - thousand - viewers basis .
Hulu says its highest - rated shows get " millions of streams " per month , but a popular show like CSI will draw 16 million viewers on TV in a single night .
Worse yet , from a financial perspective , part of Hulu 's bargain with users is fewer ads :
While broadcasters cram eight minutes of advertising into a half - hour show , Hulu sells only two .
" So what ? " Chernin says .
" You can't protect old business models artificially . "
This is a truth the tech community knows well , but it 's not what you expect to hear from a media baron like Chernin .
What he and Zucker have come to understand is that the media companies no longer have a choice :
If they do n't put their shows online , someone else will .
" The best way to combat piracy is to make your content available , " Zucker says .
" We do n't know for sure what the impact is going to be on our established businesses .
But we want to make sure consumers know they do n't need to steal our content .
That 's really what Hulu is about . "
In the meantime , Hulu provides a tantalizing glimpse of the future of television .
Unlike the networks , which have always been carefully programmed by their executives , Hulu is programmed by user choices and recommendation software .
Schedules do n't matter ; popularity alone will bubble a show to the top .
The results can be startling .
One of Hulu 's top five shows is It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia , an FX series starring Danny DeVito that has never gotten much attention on TV .
Another is Arrested Development .
Hulu is n't saying exactly how many people watch a given show , but the numbers are high enough that Kilar is becoming a must - see guy for producers .
Joss Whedon , who created such shows as Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel , popped in to talk about Dr. Horrible 's Sing - Along Blog , his three - part video — which Hulu got as a Web exclusive .
Family Guy creator Seth MacFarlane met with Kilar over the summer to chat about how well his show has been doing .
As usage grows , Kilar can expect many more such tèAte - è0 - tèAtes .
" The world has turned completely upside down , " Kilar says , mopping up the last of his scramble as dusk settles outside the little Santa Monica restaurant .
" I find that very inspiring .
Others might be scared out of their wits .
But to me , this is the way media always should have been . "
He allows himself a slight chuckle .
As he speaks , Hulu is weeks away from unveiling a tool that lets users embed the Hulu service itself into their Web site .
Soon you 'd be able to stick all of online television into your blog .
Finally , after decades of dictating what we can watch and when , the networks would be reduced to a Web widget , functioning at the user 's whim .
Just as it should be .
Contributing editor Frank Rose ( frank_rose@wired.com ) wrote about a new Web video series , Gemini Division , in issue 16.08 .
First Look : Hulu Combines Ease of Use , Content , Advertising
Hulu Is Kicking Tush
John McCain told a local TV station yesterday that Sarah Palin would be " coming out in the next couple of days with interviews with numerous people . "
In a interview with the NBC affiliate in Portland , Maine , McCain was asked why his running mate would n't take questions from the press or voters .
" She 's very well - versed at that , " McCain said , alluding to Palin 's interaction with the press as Alaska governor .
He added that she would have " a lot of conversations with the media . "
McCain himself has n't held a news conference for a month , but , in an effort to win high - profile local media coverage , will often spend parts of his day doing satellite interviews with network affiliates in key states .
Usually such encounters are brief and the questions of the " Why is Ohio important to your campaign ? " sort .
But in his chat yesterday with WCSH's Rob Caldwell , McCain found himself on the receiving end of a series of tough questions .
Asked what specific national security credentials Palin had , McCain cited her experience dealing with energy issues and went so far as to say she was the country 's foremost expert in the field .
" She knows more about energy than probably anyone else in the United States of America , " McCain said .
McCain also pointed out that Palin governed a state that neighbors Russia .
Not used was a familar talking point deployed by many Republicans on the question :
Her service as commander - in - chief of Alaska 's National Guard .
comments closed
permalink
In addition , weather conditions must be perfect for him to fly long enough to complete the journey .
A helicopter will hover nearby to capture images of him and he will be equipped with a camera mounted on his 2.5 metre-long wing .
I ’d like to reproduce chunks of his old yet prescient post ( or go here and scroll down to 22 January ) :
Pundits continue to link the Enron debacle to a need for increased regulation ,
especially of derivatives .
What most of these people … do n’t appreciate is that regulation and / or accounting rules are the
most fertile breeding ground for derivatives and synthetic or packaged
securities .
Regulations and accounting rule - inspired transactions
describe the bulk of the well known derivative - related blow - ups of the
last two decades .
Proscriptive regulation and the derivative trade have
a symbiotic relationship .
Investors and operating companies buy derivatives for two basic
purposes : speculation and risk transfer .
A derivative , ( a financial
contract based on the price of another commodity , security , contract or
index ) either eliminates an exposure , creates an exposure , or
substitutes exposures .
That last one , substituting exposures , is
important to heavily regulated investors .
For example , insurance companies were a goldmine for derivatives
salespeople in the last two decades , only slowing down in the late
1990s .
The fundamental reason for this is not because insurance
executives were stupid , but because they manage their investments in a
thicket of proscriptive regulation .
Insurance companies have to respond
to their national regulatory organization ( the NAIC ) , their home state
insurance department and the insurance departments of states in which
they sell or write business .
They file enormous statutory reports every
quarter using special regulatory pricing , and calculate complex
risk - based capital reports and " IRIS " ratios regularly .
Even though the insurance industry has been heavily regulated
throughout the entire post - war era , the incidents of fraud and
financial mismanagement have been numerous and spectacular .
Remember Marty Frankel ?
Mutual Benefit Life ?
For each of these cases that are in the news ,
there are many smaller ones you do n’t hear about .
Some of that may be
the nature of the industry , but it does n’t make a prima facie case for more regulation …
Insurance companies often need the yield of less creditworthy
obligations .
So derivative salesmen see an opportunity to engineer
around the regulations .
They package securities that substitute price
volatility for the proscribed credit risk .
Then the investor can be
compensated for taking some additional risk , and the banker can be
compensated for creating the opportunity .
A simple example of this is
the Collateralized Bond Obligation ( CBO ) .
A CBO is created by buying a
bunch of bonds , usually of lower credit quality , putting them in a
" special purpose vehicle " ( SPV ) and then issuing two or more debt
instruments from the SPV .
The more senior instruments can obtain an
investment grade rating based on the " cushion " created by the junior
debt tranche .
The junior bond absorbs , for example , the first 10 % of
losses in the entire portfolio and only when losses exceed that amount
will the senior obligations be impaired .
The junior instruments , known
as " Z - Tranches " become " toxic waste " , suitable only for speculators and
trading desks with strange risks to lay off ( or , in a famous 1995 case ,
the Orange County California Treasurer ) .
A CBO is just one example of a credit rating - driven transaction , but most of them achieve the same thing – they decrease frequency of loss but increase the severity .
So they blow up infrequently , but when they do it ’s often a big mess .
Ratings - packaged instruments are less risky than the pool of securities
they represent but often riskier and less liquid than the investment
grade securities for which they are being substituted .
As a result ,
they pay a yield or return premium ( even net of high investment banking
fees ) .
That premium may or may not be enough to pay for their risk .
But
they pass the all - important credit rating process and are therefore
sometimes the only choice for ratings - restricted portfolios reaching
for yield .
… [ Frank ]
Partnoy is a former derivatives salesperson , and he clearly suggests
that regulation is often the derivative salesman ’s best friend .
Complicated rules encourage complex transactions that seek to conceal
or re-shape their true nature .
Regulated entities create demand for
complex derivatives that substitute proscribed risks for admitted
risks .
If a new risk is identified and prohibited , the market starts
inventing instruments that get around it .
There is no end to this
process .
Regulators have always had this perversely symbiotic
relationship with Wall Street .
And the same can be said for the
ridiculously complicated federal taxation rules and increasingly
byzantine Financial Accounting Standards , both of which have inspired
massive derivative activity as the engineers find their way around the
code maze .
“ Maria Shriver is a powerful advocate for Senator Obama , ” said Bill Burton , a spokesman for the Obama campaign , in an e-mail message .
“ We ’ll be thrilled to have her campaign for us whenever she can in the coming months .
And we remain hopeful that Californians will side with their first lady in November , even if the governor himself does not . ”
For his part , the governor , who is negotiating a tremendously difficult budget and other pieces of legislation , is expected to lend a hand to the McCain effort as Election Day draws near .
He attends many fund - raisers for Mr. McCain , off the radar , and is desired by a McCain team desperate to draw in the moderate voters that Mr. Schwarzenegger has attracted .
“ Arnold Schwarzenegger is a tremendous asset to the Republican party , ” said Adam Mendelsohn , an adviser to the McCain campaign and the governor ’s former communications director , “ especially at a time where there is so much emphasis on independents and disaffected Democrats . ”
Ms. Shriver has carefully managed to maintain her professional and political identities since becoming the first lady of California when Mr. Schwarzenegger won the recall election in 2003 , reluctantly giving up her job in television news .
“ Being involved in this administration required me to stretch and to be open minded , ” she said .
Like all things Arnold and Maria , the arrangement is far from conventional , but it seems to work .
“ Maria called me from Palm Springs one day where she was at a horse show with our daughter and said , ‘ I ’ve got this thing in my mind that I want to go to U.C.L.A. for Obama , is that O.K. with you ? ” ‘
Mr. Schwarzenegger said .
“ I said : ‘ Do it !
You have to do it !’ ”
Ms. Shriver went straight to the airport and hopped on a plane , her hair still a bit mussed from the horse show , and gave a moving speech .
“ I thought , if Barack Obama was a state , he ’d be California , ” Ms. Shriver told the roaring crowd .
“ Diverse .
Open . Smart .
Independent .
Bucks tradition .
Innovative .
Inspirational .
Dreamer .
Leader . ”
Mr. Schwarzenegger said he felt no compunction about her proclaiming his state for her candidate .
“ People get it , ” he said .
“ People know that she is not for Bush even though she is sitting there at the convention with me . ”
House rejects the bill .
This is a magnificent repudiation of the Fed , the Treasury , Bush , Wall Street welfarists , inflationists , and stabilizers of all sorts .
The costs of what the Fed has already done are going to be massive and felt for many years .
But at least Congress has so far , and this time only , not participated in the evil .
It 's a great birthday gift for Ludwig von Mises .
Whatever the case with stock markets -- and we can be confident that whatever prices emerge are truer than they would be with a bailout -- it is fantastic that oil prices have retreated so dramatically .
Drivers cheer .
May all commodities follow .
How this can be spun as dreadful news is beyond me .
( I keep adding to this post , but I 'll try to stop here shortly )
I 've recently taken a perverse interest in what the " conservatives " at the National Review and Heritage have been saying about the largest one - week push for socialism in US history .
Of course they are all for it .
National Review has left its crumbs on all over its Corner blog .
I 'm especially taken with this blogger who says that this is the worst possible bill with terrible ideological consequences but " But now it 's time to swallow hard and vote for the bill . "
Plenty more where that comes from .
The Heritage Foundation showing is remarkable actually , with a huge headlines urging the bailout .
I know that this institution has done some good over the years , but they have thrown away a lot on this on .
The speedmeisters at German tuning haus RUF are hard at work developing an electric version of the Porsche 911 Cayman that could go head - to - head with the Tesla Roadster , and we could see it as early as next month .
The car will feature a 150 - kilowatt motor ( about 201 horsepower ) producing 479 ft- pounds of torque , and its lithium - ion battery will have a range of 155 to 186 miles , according to Auto Motor und Sport magazine .
RUF claims the car will have a top speed of 125 mph .
Although the RUF EV would offer less 48 fewer ponies than the Tesla , it would have significantly more torque .
No word on what the electric Cayman will look like , but it 's a safe bet
RUF will base it on the 3400 K ( pictured ) .
That super - Cayman produces
400 horsepower and 324 ft- pounds of torque and does 0 to 62 mph in 4.4
seconds .
With more torque on tap , the electric version might shave a few ticks off that time and could even beat the Tesla 's 0 - to - 60 sprint of 4.0 seconds .
Auto Motor und Sport says the car will be unveiled next month .
UPDATE 10 / 22 : Not only has Ruf confirmed ( . pdf ) it is developing an E - Ruf based on the Porsche 911 ( not the Cayman as rumored ) , someone 's actually driven it .
Read about it here .
Meanwhile , here 's a photo of the E - Ruf :
Photo by RUF
I ’ve been teaching childbirth education and training birth professionals for over 30 years in over 40 countries .
I train thousands of parents , doulas , midwives , doctors and nurses in the safest and most pleasurable ways to support a healthy , empowering birth experience .
All over the world the highly medicalized birth model is creating challenges that have gone too far and can put you at risk instead of keeping you safe .
Change is happening but not quick enough .
Do n’t leave your birth to chance .
Watch my film or join my online childbirth course which includes my film , my book and exclusive videos , tips and workbooks .
I will give you access to the information you will need to understand your choices and decide what is best for you and your baby .
The government 's rescue of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac may have averted a financial meltdown , but it could create other unintended problems .
In the short term , auto makers and other troubled industries might use the move to argue that they , too , deserve a taxpayer lifeline .
Some foreign governments will use Uncle Sam 's generous backstop as ...
There is much debate in the information security world regarding the proper definition of security .
I have seen dozens of definitions over the years , but I feel the following option most completely and succinctly captures it .
The process of maintaining an acceptable level of perceived risk .
There are a few things I like about this definition .
Process . i.e. it does n’t end .
Acceptable .
This alludes to the fact that the organization ’s upper management decides — based on the entity ’s goals as a whole — how much risk to take on .
The crucial piece here is that this is n’t for security professionals to decide .
Perceived .
In short , “ you do n’t know what you do n’t know ” .
And this is where security professionals come in .
Their entire job is to ensure that management is making informed decisions .
Risk
As we all know , it ’s not a good idea to use words with disputed definitions as part of another definition .
And since risk is one such word , I ’ll clarify briefly how I define risk .
In general , I prefer NIST ’s description from NIST Publication SP 800-30 :
Risk is a function of the likelihood of a given threat - source ’s exercising a particular potential vulnerability , and the resulting impact of that adverse event on the organization .
To determine the likelihood of a future adverse event , threats to an IT system must be analyzed in conjunction with the potential vulnerabilities and the controls in place for the IT system .
This reveals a few primary components : likelihood , threat - source , vulnerability , and impact .
The word “ function ” used in the definition is pivotal ; it reveals that if any of the values increase or decrease , the total risk does as well .
I also prefer to add asset value to the equation , and this is a popular choice .
Ultimately , however , the definition of risk can be reduced to a much more usable , less academic form , and this is the way you are going to be most successful communicating it with those who are not security professionals .
A risk is a chance of something bad happening .
Too simple ?
Not really .
It ’s instantly understandable to virtually everyone , but at the same time it does not contradict the more complex definitions .
So when should you use one definition vs. the other ?
In general , use the simple version .
Getting entangled in the infinite number of ways risk can be calculated is something to avoid .
It drains time and rarely accomplishes anything when broken down much farther than is described above .
Summary
So , written out ( i.e. without the word “ risk ” ) we arrive at :
Security is the process of maintaining , based on what we know , an acceptable level of likelihood that something bad will happen to the organization .
… and once again , in it ’s more succinct and elegant form :
Security is the process of maintaining an acceptable level of perceived risk .
Links
[ Security | wikipedia.org ]
[ NIST Publication 800- 30 | nist.org ]
[ Risk , Threat and Vulnerability | taosecurity.blogspot.com ]
Email sent to : yalda@comcast.net
To get back into your account , follow the instructions we 've sent to your email address .
Did n't receive the password reset email ?
Check your spam folder for an email from CustomerCare@MaverickLabel .
Com .
If you still do n't see the email
Attacks against security forces are on the rise in Ingushetia Russia 's southern republic of Ingushetia is verging on civil war , a human rights group says , accusing officials of state - sponsored terror .
The Moscow Helsinki Group says the federal authorities in the Caucasus republic are engaged in kidnappings , torture and extra-judicial killings .
The authorities say they are fighting a war against terrorism .
Attacks against security forces - often carried out by Islamist militants - have intensified in Ingushetia .
Violence in the predominantly Muslim republic started during the war in neighbouring Chechnya in the late 1990s , when armed separatists began attacking government targets .
' Fear creates rebellion ' The Moscow Helsinki Group ( MHG ) presented its findings on Tuesday , following a recent visit to Ingushetia by several members of the group .
" What 's happening there is unthinkable and should n't happen in a country which respects the rule of law , " MHG president Lyudmila Alexeyeva said at a news conference in Moscow .
The group directly accused the Kremlin - backed authorities in the tiny republic of engaging in state - sponsored terror .
" In Ingushetia , they arrive at people 's homes , some are taken away , others are killed right away , there is torture .
These actions by the authorities can never be justified in the name of fighting terrorism , " Ms Alexeyeva said .
Another MHG member warned that " civil war could break out " in the republic .
" One part of the population is keeping quiet , but another part is taking up the fight .
Fear creates rebellion , the federal government takes responsibility for that , " Valery Borshchev said .
Armed separatist groups began attacking government targets in Ingushetia in the late 1990s .
The authorities have responded by rounding up hundreds of young men - many complain of beatings and torture , others have never been seen again , the BBC's Rupert Wingfield - Hayes in Moscow reports .
Mr Yevloyev had run a website , reporting alleged rights abuses Earlier this month , security forces in Ingushetia were reported to have broken up an anti-government protest in the main city of Nazran after the death of a prominent local human rights journalist , Magomed Yevloyev , in police custody .
Mr Yevloyev was arrested in August and later shot after getting off a plane on a flight from Moscow .
Police say he was shot by accident while trying to grab a policeman 's gun .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
In her " I ’m just a hockey mom " speech at the Republican National Convention , Sarah Palin  who has rapidly rocketed from an unknown , recently - minted governor of Alaska to Republican Vice Presidential candidate  questioned , with a straight face , whether Barack Obama has had enough experience and accomplishments to be president .
Republican pundits piled on , saying Obama has had no " executive experience . "
The Republicans then rounded out their attack by claiming that such experience is especially needed now because " we live in dangerous times . "
Palin is asking the public to overlook the fact that John McCain , at 72 , would be the oldest president ever to take office and that she , as his potential successor in the event of an emergency , would have only the experience as mayor of a small Alaskan town and as Alaska ’s governor for less than two years .
She may have more executive experience than Obama , but he will have served four years on the Senate Foreign Relations committee by the time of his inauguration .
Palin has no foreign policy or national security experience .
Like Obama , McCain also has had less executive rather than legislative experience , which includes serving on the Senate Armed Services Committee .
But pundits always refer to experience as if it were an end in itself .
The assumption seems to be that experience improves future judgment when crisis arises .
But what if you do n’t learn much from your experiences or learn the wrong things ?
Richard Nixon was one of the most experienced people ever to take the office of president  having served in the Senate and eight years as vice president  yet he made a thorough mess of things domestically and had a mixed record in foreign policy .
Similarly , James Buchanan had been a U.S. congressman and senator , minister ( ambassador ) to Russia and Great Britain , and secretary of state before becoming chief executive , but his poor policies as president helped cause the bloody Civil War .
On the other hand , Chester Arthur only held two mid-level jobs in New York and was vice president for a mere six months before taking over for James Garfield after he was assassinated in 1881 .
Yet Arthur was a good president .
The only reason he is not better known is because he was not president during a war ( a good thing if you stop and think about it ) and did not exude charisma ( although he was a snappy dresser ) .
In John McCain ’s case , it can be argued that he has n’t learned much from serving in Vietnam , which turned out to be one of the worst interventionist debacles in American history .
Unlike others who have been made skeptical of U.S. adventurism overseas by their service in Vietnam  former Secretary of State and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Colin Powell , Senator Chuck Hagel ( R - Nebraska ) , Senator John Kerry ( D - Massachusetts ) , and the late Lt. Gen. William Odom , director of President Ronald Reagan ’s National Security Agency  McCain revels in being a neoconservative hawk .
Phillip Butler , a former naval aviator who knew McCain well while at the Naval Academy and who was a prisoner of war in Vietnam for eight years , respects McCain but is going to vote for Obama , because he thinks McCain learned the wrong lessons from that war .
McCain advocated doubling down and deepening U.S. involvement in the Iraq quagmire long before President George W. Bush signed on to the policy .
Apparently still thirsting for revenge , Cold War-style , McCain advocated kicking Russia out of the G - 8 group of industrial countries even before the recent conflict in Georgia .
And after the conflict erupted , McCain  apparently overlooking the fact that the reckless Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili started it  made bellicose statements toward Russia and proposed that NATO rethink its April 2008 decision not to give Georgia a path toward membership in the alliance .
The conflict , of course , dramatically illustrated that admitting a country with such a rash leader into the alliance and guaranteeing its security by treaty could drag the United States into an unneeded conflict with a nuclear - armed great power ; it also demonstrated that the faraway United States could do little to effectively defend a nation in close proximity to Russia against overwhelming Russian local military superiority .
Obama , although less experienced than McCain in national security matters , seems to have better judgment and instincts .
He was against invading Iraq from the start , has astutely championed withdrawing U.S. combat forces during what is likely to be a temporary lull in violence , and was much more measured about the conflict in Georgia , which threatened no vital U.S. strategic interest .
Thus , experience does not necessarily produce good policy instincts  in fact , in McCain ’s case , he seems to have been co-opted into bad judgments by serving too long in Washington ’s military - industrial - congressional complex .
Observers of the elections should remain undistracted by the superficial debate on " experience " and should focus directly on the candidates ’ judgment .
Although they are just playing the hand that Alan Greenspan dealt them , Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke and Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson have been working overtime to discredit the capitalist economy .
The $ 700 billion bailout of Wall Street , as well as other measures such as a ban on short - selling financial stocks , are a repudiation of the free market principles which the Bush Administration claims to champion .
Besides forcing taxpayers to fund a massive dose of corporate welfare , the latest measures will make the financial crisis worse .
The SEC ’s ban on short - selling is a terrible idea , and will endanger the very financial stocks it is allegedly helping .
For one thing , the ban ca n’t last forever , and any pent up shorting passion will be unleashed the day it is lifted .
By making speculators unsure about the rules of the game going forward , the whole episode may paradoxically concentrate selling pressure when the ban is first lifted , leaving the attacked firms worse off than they were originally .
The ban on short - selling also cripples an important mechanism through which experts reveal their inside information to other investors .
Before the ban , speculators had an incentive to do their homework , and discover which financial institutions were holding dangerous amounts of mortgage - backed securities .
The “ vultures ” then attacked these sickly firms , just as in the animal kingdom .
While this practice was obviously bad for the firms being shorted , it was good for the majority of other financial institutions who had behaved more responsibly during the housing boom .
The average investor was more likely to buy the stock or bonds of these other financial companies , because they were n’t being targeted by the speculators .
The fact that their stocks were n’t being shorted was a signal that these firms were relatively healthy .
But now the SEC has taken away an obvious source of profit for those who do the research and pinpoint which institutions are holding the bag on bad mortgages .
Without short sellers attacking the weakest firms , regular investors have less information .
They paradoxically may be more reluctant to invest at all in the financial industry .
Notice that since the imposition of the ban , financial stocks have suffered after the initial euphoria .
More generally , the government ’s bailout will perpetuate the very incentives that caused the problem in the first place .
A free market system is based on profit and loss .
If corporate executives know that the government is always ready to step in and prevent an absolute meltdown , then those executives will take on too much risk .
If the aggressive bets pay off , the private companies keep the profits .
And if the aggressive bets blow up in their faces , then no worries — the taxpayers will eat the loss .
There are two distinct issues hurting the economy , and the government ’s efforts are exacerbating both of them .
First was the massive overinvestment in the housing sector .
Here we can lay much of the blame on Alan Greenspan ’s incredibly low interest rates following the dot - com bubble , as well as the efforts of politicians and community groups to promote the “ American dream ” of homeownership by lowering credit standards for mortgage applicants .
Now that housing prices are falling , many unqualified borrowers are defaulting on their mortgages , leading to unexpected losses for those holding the loans .
However , our recent financial crisis is not just the fault of bad real estate bets .
Besides the existence of billions of dollars worth of dubious assets tied to mortgages , there is the additional problem that banks and investors do n’t know who is holding them .
The “ credit crunch ” is due to banks ’ reluctance to even lend to each other , since the counterparty might go belly - up the next day .
Here too the government has amplified , not helped , the problem .
By promising ever more generous assistance — through lower interest rates , unprecedented “ liquidity ” programs , and now an outright bailout — the government set up a game of chicken .
The institutions holding huge amounts of toxic assets had an incentive to drag their feet as long as possible , stringing their creditors and shareholders along , while hoping for a government miracle .
And now Secretary Paulson has apparently delivered .
The free market is a superior economic system to central planning .
This superiority demonstrates itself during normal times but especially during an economic crisis , when resources must be rearranged before regular growth can resume .
By embracing massive corporate handouts and other socialist measures , the Bush Administration discredits capitalism and delays economic recovery .
“ For someone who makes the point that she ’s not from Washington , she looked very much like she ’d fit in very well there when you see how she brings the attacks , ” Mr. Axelrod said .
“ They all felt very familiar to Americans who are used to this kind of thing from Washington . ”
Advisers to Mrs. Clinton said that she stood ready to help the Obama - Biden ticket , but they urged the campaign not to overestimate the impact Mrs. Clinton could have , noting that she had other commitments this fall , like campaigning and raising money for Senate candidates .
Obama aides said the Clinton trip had been in the works before Ms. Palin was named the running mate .
Still , Mo Elleithee , a Clinton spokesman , said he believed she could make a difference with some voters who feel lost in the current economy and who want to see a federal role enacting universal health insurance .
“ Anyone who was inclined to support Hillary Clinton typically did so because of her focus on middle - class , bread - and - butter issues , ” Mr. Elleithee said .
“ Her message for Barack Obama on those issues could certainly help the Democratic ticket at the ballot box . ”
The Obama camp also plans to keep Mr. Biden campaigning steadily in swing states .
Obama advisers said that one advantage they had was that Mr. Biden , as a six - term senator and former presidential candidate , is well - prepared for his single debate with Ms. Palin , in October .
With both conventions seen largely as successes for their tickets , the importance of the three presidential debates  the first of which is Sept. 26  and the one vice - presidential debate become even more crucial for either side to gain a political advantage , Democratic strategists and elected officials said .
Mr. Obama , speaking to reporters on Thursday at a campaign stop in York , Pa. , brushed aside any worry that he might have about Ms. Palin ’s criticism of his biography and political record in her convention speech .
Download Download ( 9:45 )
Undeterred by his ongoing treatment for brain cancer , Senator Ted Kennedy walked on to the stage tonight at the Democratic National Convention and gave one hell of a speech .
As the crowd chanted " Teddy ! " he inspired and captivated the audience with all the fire and passion we 've come to expect from him over the years .
" ... Nothing - nothing is going to keep me away from this special gathering tonight !
I have come here tonight to stand with you to change America , to restore it 's future , to rise to our best ideals and to elect Barack Obama President of the United States .
As I look ahead I am strengthened by family and friendship .
So many of you have been with me in the happiest days and the hardest days .
Together we have known success and seen setbacks , victory and defeat , but we have never lost our belief that we are all called to a better country and a newer world .
And I pledge to you that I will be there next January on the floor of the United States Senate ... "
Senate Blasts Bush ’s Bailout Plan
Created : September 23 , 2008 18:48 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
A difficult month for Washington ’s financial captains got tougher Tuesday , when Senate lawmakers from both parties grilled Treasury Sec. Henry Paulson Jr. over his $ 700 - billion plan to bail out the ailing finance industry with little oversight and no direct help for homeowners .
Paulson , appearing before the Senate Banking Committee , reiterated requests that Congress accept the White House proposal at face value — and pass it quickly .
He pressed lawmakers to “ avoid slowing it down with other provisions that are unrelated or do n’t have broad support . ”
Illustration by : Matt Mahurin
But Senate lawmakers from both sides of the aisle bristled at the idea of granting such a sum — and such authority — on the blind faith that the administration ’s strategy would restore investor confidence .
Sen. Richard Shelby ( Ala. ) , the highest - ranking Republican on the committee , warned of passing a proposal with little debate and even less proof that it will work .
“ I think we need better answers , ” Shelby said toward the end of the five - hour hearing .
“ I do n’t believe Congress should just ratify what ’s been thrown up at them . ”
Some of the senators may have already been looking at an alternative plan .
On Monday , Sen. Christopher Dodd ( D - Conn . ) the chairman of the committee , presented a proposal that includes protections for struggling homeowners as well as stronger oversight of the Treasury Dept .
Perhaps the lawmakers recall another time when Congress surrendered its powers to the Bush administration to confront a national problem .
In the wake of the 9/11 attacks , Congress granted broad authority to the White House to conduct its war on terror — a move that effectively sidelined the legislative branch as the Pentagon invaded Iraq .
More than five years , 4,100 American deaths and $ 800 billion later , roughly 145,000 U.S. troops remain entangled in that conflict .
Or maybe lawmakers recall the numerous occasions this year when controversial White House steps to jump - start the struggling economy with taxpayer - funded bailouts were accompanied by similar claims of urgency and necessity .
In March , for example , Paulson brokered a buyout of the collapsing Bear Stearns , offering $ 30 billion in federal leverage to close the deal ; earlier this month , he oversaw the government buyout of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , the nation ’s largest mortgage purchasers , and last week , Paulson approved $ 85 billion in federal funds to rescue the American International Group , the insurance giant also ensnared in the subprime mortgage crisis .
Acknowledging those efforts , Paulson testified Tuesday that “ these steps have been necessary but not sufficient . ”
Declaring that he has “ never been a proponent of intervention , ” the former Goldman Sachs CEO nonetheless called on Congress to adopt his bill “ quickly and cleanly . ”
The lawmakers , however , indicated that they ’re approaching the end of their ropes when it comes to entrusting the administration with economic strategies .
“ How many times can the administration be wrong and still instill confidence ? ” asked Sen. Robert Menendez ( D - N.J. ) .
Along those lines , the liberal Princeton University economist Paul Krugman warned this week in his New York Times op - ed column that , because of the sheer scope of the economic downturn , Paulson has no more idea how to fix the mess than any other expert .
“ [ H ]e is a smart guy , ” Krugman wrote , “ but what , exactly , in the experience of the past year and a half — a period during which Mr. Paulson repeatedly declared the financial crisis ‘ contained , ’ and then offered a series of unsuccessful fixes — justifies the belief that he knows what he ’s doing ?
He ’s making it up as he goes along , just like the rest of us . ”
Under Paulson ’s plan , the Treasury Dept. would adopt sweeping powers to buy up the toxic , illiquid , mostly mortgage - based assets currently held by the nation ’s struggling financial institutions .
By thawing Wall Street ’s frozen credit markets , Paulson said , Main Street Americans would have better access to the loans they need .
“ This is not about the companies , ” Paulson said .
“ This is about the American people . ”
But committee members Tuesday remained unconvinced .
Many voiced concerns that , by bailing out the finance industry , the White House is helping the very folks who created the crisis .
“ This massive bailout is not a solution , ” said Sen. Jim Bunning ( R - Ky . ) .
“ It is financial Socialism , and it is un-American … I am frightful , ” he added later , “ to the point of almost panic . ”
“ Essentially , what you ’re doing is bailing out bad behavior , ” said Desmond Lachman , an economist at the conservative American Enterprise Institute .
Sen. Robert Casey ( D - Penn . ) wondered why Paulson ’s plan includes no provisions tackling the foreclosure crisis that most economists — including Paulson — agree is at the root of the current financial meltdown .
This exclusion , Casey said , is a “ gaping hole ” in the proposal .
Housing advocates agree .
Jim Carr , chief operating officer at the National Community Reinvestment Coalition , an advocacy group for low - income housing , predicted the bailout will ultimately cost more than $ 1 trillion .
“ The reason for that , ” he said , “ is that it does n’t solve the problem . ”
Many housing groups are pushing for language allowing bankruptcy judges to force lenders to set lower rates for troubled loans — something the finance industry and the Bush administration have long opposed .
Senators also brought up concerns , ignited earlier in the week , that , under the White House plan , the folks charged with deciding who will get help could have close ties to those same companies .
“ Wo n’t there be the perception of Wall Street helping Wall Street ? ” asked Sen. Elizabeth Dole ( R - N.C. ) .
A tired - looking Paulson responded with vague promises of internal oversight .
Dodd was quick to question a provision of the plan that granted the Treasury Dept. blanket immunity from judicial oversight .
“ This language , in my view , will not last , ” Dodd said .
Dodd ’s alternative bill certainly omits it .
His bill includes bankruptcy protections for struggling homeowners as well as enhanced oversight of the Treasury Dept .
It also pushes a controversial provision forcing participating companies to offer stock options to the taxpayers who bailed them out .
Dodd also warned Paulson that Congress will push to include a provision , found in Dodd ’s bill , limiting the pay packages for CEOs of companies that receive taxpayer help under the bailout .
“ Count on it , ” Dodd said .
Congressional leaders say they hope to have a compromise worked out by the end of the week .
But continued disagreements have also led to concerns that the negotiations could extend into next week , when Congress originally said it would be in recess .
Meanwhile , Wall Street has reacted dismally to the continued negotiations , falling 161 points Tuesday after dropping 372 points a day earlier .
Mr. Recycle
More is a giant purple robot .
The robot is over 6 meters tall and made up of more than 33 recycling bins .
He is part of Tower Hamlets , UK recycling campaign .
Tower Hamlets has one of the worst performances in terms of recycling .
Mr. Recycle
More will hopefully spur folks on to better recycling habits .
Link via ( Londonist )
Video after the break .
Save the Children says new figures mean that in the last six months , the total number of food - insecure children across the country has risen to more than 4.6 million
New Haven , Conn .
— Yale molecular and evolutionary biologists in collaboration with Department of Energy scientists produced the full genome sequence of Trichoplax , one of nature 's most primitive multicellular organisms , providing a new insight into the evolution of all higher animals .
The findings reported in the online edition of the journal Nature show that while Trichoplax has one of the smallest nuclear genomes found in a multi- cellular creature , it contains signature sequences for gene regulation found in more complex animals and humans .
Further , it defines Trichoplax as a branching point of animal evolution .
" Trichoplax placozoans are animals that have only four body cell types and no structured organs .
They represent descendents of the oldest multi-celled animal , perhaps older even than sponges , " said author Stephen Dellaporta , professor of molecular , cellular and developmental biology at Yale .
This study shows that compared with the nuclear genome of humans that contains 3 billion base pairs , Trichoplax has only 98 million .
Earlier sequencing work showed that the mitochondrial genome of Trichoplax is over twice the size of those found in most animals with genes , introns and spacer sequences like the most primitive organisms .
However , size is not all that matters .
DNA sequences that organisms share in common represents what was in their genomes at the time of their divergence .
Unlike other model systems for studying evolution , including fruit flies and worms , even the arrangement of genes is conserved between the Trichoplax and human genomes .
" Trichoplax shares over 80 percent of its genes with humans , " said Dellaporta .
" We are exited to find that Trichoplax contains shared pathways and defined regulatory sequences that link these most primitive ancestors to higher animal species .
The Trichoplax genome will serve as a type of " Rosetta Stone " for understanding the origins of animal - specific pathways . "
Source : Yale University
Trichoplax .
( Photo Credit : Ana Signorovitch / Yale )
Welcome to ClydeSight Productions - software , e- books , music and cat stuff .
Home of ClydeSight2.0 !
the Fun and Games Cat Site , and more ...
ClydeSight Productions are creators of inspiring and entertaining software , e-books , and music products .
Abundance Genie DSPP Program !
Make Your Wishes Come True !
Stop living in lack , start living in abundance .
All you need to do is change your mind .
Have more money , prosperity , and wealth .
Increase stamina , vitality , and energy , with vibrant good health
Experience warm friendship , passionate love and romance , and more ...
Abundance Genie DSPP helps you set your own personal Genie free to work for you .
The program runs a unique visual process on your computer ...
Click here to search ClydeSight Productions for what you want .
In many respects , we the people of Earth are pretty savvy , technologically and otherwise .
We can read genetic code , interpret the faintest glimmers of light from the night sky to learn about the makeup of unimaginably distant worlds ... and that iPhone is pretty cool , too !
But we still , after all this time , have n't found the perfect way to dispose of a dead whale .
The most infamous example of this is the legendary Exploding Whale incident which happened on the Oregon coast in 1970 .
( I was truly surprised to discover , after a quick search of the _floss archives , that we have never posted this video .
Let me rectify that right now . )
So if you can't cut them up ( too gross ) , bury them ( tough to dig them deep enough ) or blow them up ( as established above ) , what can you do ?
Actually , explosives are still a common tool for whale deconstructors , but typically the carcass is hauled out to sea first , where the flying bits wo n't muck up the shore ( or crush any parked cars ... see video ) .
But even this does n't always work , as evidenced by a failed attempt in Iceland in 2005 , when after a controlled explosion split an out - to - sea whale carcass in two , the halves drifted right back to land .
Worse still was an organic explosion , which occurred while whale necrologists were transporting a carcass through the Chinese city of Tainan , Taiwan in 2004 .
Residents of Tainan learned a lesson in whale biology after the decomposing remains of a 60 - ton sperm whale exploded on a busy street , showering nearby cars and shops with blood and organs and stopping traffic for hours .
The 56 - foot - long whale had been on a truck headed for a necropsy by researchers , when gases from internal decay caused its entrails to explode in the southern city of Tainan .
Obviously , we need some _floss - quality thought put into this .
Anyone got any brilliant ideas ?
US employed ' groundbreaking ' spying against Iraqi PM : Woodward Stephen C. Webster
Published : Thursday September 4 , 2008
Print This Email This ' Everything is f*cking spin , ' McCain said of WH Update at bottom : Iraq govt says it will ask US if it spied on PM ; White House declines to comment Bob Woodward , the journalist partly responsible for bringing about President Nixon 's resignation during the Watergate scandal , will see his new book on the Bush Administration published Monday .
And while the volume is a lengthy study of the administration 's failures , even Sen .
John McCain , now the GOP nominee to the presidency , does not escape the light of his pen .
" Everything is f*cking spin , " says McCain in the new book , " The War Within , " of the Bush Administration .
Fox News , which secured a copy of Woodward 's book ahead of its release , brought the details to light in a Thursday report .
Coming on the eve of McCain 's acceptance speech to the GOP , the report appears as little more than spin itself .
Fox reported the quote without context .
Spin or none , it will be difficult for the administration to step back from some of Woodward 's other revelations .
" Groundbreaking " new covert techniques , and not the troop " surge , " was behind the drop in violence in Iraq , he writes .
Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki , along with his staff , were these techniques ' guinea pigs , and were wrapped tightly in a web of next - generation spying .
Employing these unspecified techniques against Maliki and aides allowed US forces to " hear every word he says , " states a Thursday night report from the Washington Post .
" Overall , Woodward writes , four factors combined to reduce the violence : the covert operations ; the influx of troops ; the agreement by militant cleric Moqtada al - Sadr to rein in his powerful Mahdi Army ; and the so - called Anbar Awakening , in which tens of thousands of Sunnis turned against al - Qaeda in Iraq and allied with U.S. forces , " reports the Post .
" The War Within " is Woodward 's fourth book on the Bush Administration , but only the second to veer into criticism of the president .
" The book portrays an administration riven by dissension , either unwilling or slow to confront the deterioration of its strategy in Iraq during the summer and early fall of 2006 , " says the Post .
" Publicly , Bush maintained that U.S. forces were ' winning ' ; privately , he came to believe that the military 's long - term strategy of training Iraq security forces and handing over responsibility to the new Iraqi government was failing .
Eventually , Woodward writes , the president lost confidence in the two military commanders overseeing the war : Gen. George W. Casey Jr. , then commander of coalition forces in Iraq , and Gen. John P. Abizaid , then head of U.S. Central Command . "
" Calling Bush ' the nations most divisive figure , ' Woodward criticized the president for failing to fulfill what some might view as impossible expectations .
" ' He had not rooted out terror wherever it existed , ' Woodward scolded , " said Fox .
" ' He had not achieved world peace .
He had not attained victory in his two wars . ' "
The Washington Post , where Woodward currently serves as an associate editor , will run excerpts on Sept. 7 . That night , Woodward will be interviewed on CBS television 's " 60 Minutes . "
Woodward 's literary representative , Washington attorney Robert Barnett , declined comment when asked whether President Bush , who spoke with Woodward for the first two volumes , had been interviewed for the current book .
" There has not been such an authoritative and intimate account of presidential decision making since the Nixon tapes and the Pentagon Papers , " Woodward 's longtime editor , Alice Mayhew , said .
" This is the declassification of what went on in secret , behind the scenes . "
Iraq govt says it will ask US if it spied on PM
The Iraqi government reacted sharply Friday to published allegations that the U.S. spied on Iraq 's prime minister , warning that future ties with the United States could be in jeopardy if the report is true .
The excerpt from Woodward 's book emerged as the two governments are in delicate negotiations over the future of American troops in Iraq .
Those talks have already extended past their July 31 deadline and have drawn sharp criticism from Iraqis who want an end to the U.S. presence .
Critics may well use the allegation to step up pressure on the government not to sign a deal or hold out for the most favorable terms .
Iraqi government spokesman Ali al - Dabbagh said Baghdad will raise the allegations with the U.S. and ask for an explanation .
But if true , he warned , it shows a lack of trust .
" It reflects also that the institutions in the United States are used to spy on their friends and their enemies in the same way , " al - Dabbagh said in a statement .
" If it is true , it casts a shadow on the future relations with such institutions , " al - Dabbagh added , referring to the CIA and other U.S. intelligence agencies .
In Washington , the White House declined to comment directly on the allegations ( FULL EXCERPTS FROM WHITE HOUSE BRIEFING FOLLOW ) .
Instead , spokeswoman Dana Perino said official channels of communication between the two governments happen daily .
" We have a good idea of what Prime Minister Maliki is thinking because he tells us , very frankly and very candidly , as often as we can , " Perino said .
Excerpts from White House briefing Q Dana , to the Woodward book --
MS. PERINO : Mm-hmm .
Q -- if you have any comments on the Woodward book in general , and particularly the allegations of spying on the Iraqi government -- the Iraqi government 's spokesman said today , if it is true , it casts a shadow on the future relations with such institutions , referring to CIA and others .
And your concerns about whether this might slow down any sort of strategic forces agreement .
MS. PERINO : Is that it ?
( Chuckles . )
Okay , I -- I have n't -- I do n't have a copy of the book yet .
And we did receive one or two at the White House late yesterday evening , and they are working through it .
So all I know is that the coverage of the book that I 've seen -- that I 've written -- that I 've read in news reports of it , I would say that in general , the president of the United States -- any president of the United States is criticized for lots of different things .
I think the results of the surge are undeniable .
And in Washington , sometimes you see that the process has been -- comes under extra scrutiny and can be picked apart in ways that are n't reflective of the end result .
This president , it seems to me that he gets criticism that if he's -- if he 's perceived to be careful or deliberative , he 's accused of being slow ; and if he is decisive , he is accused of being impulsive and rash .
So with that said , I would just point to the fact that we would not comment on any of the assertions in the book regarding the allegation that you brought up .
What I can tell you is we have extensive cooperative with Prime Minister Maliki .
Our ambassador sees him almost daily .
President Bush speaks to him by secure video teleconference at least every other week , if not more .
And we have a -- we have a good idea of what Prime Minister Maliki is thinking because he tells us , very frankly and very candidly , as often as he can .
And that 's one of the reasons we 've been able to succeed in a lot of these different areas , especially in the economic , diplomatic and security areas .
Q But are you concerned , given the statements that are coming out of Iraq today , about that they want an explanation ?
If this is true , it could hurt relations .
Are you concerned about statements like that ?
MS. PERINO : I -- as I said , I would not comment on it .
To the extent that they have any concerns , because we have the relationship that we have with them , which is one that 's very frank , open and candid , that we have contact with them every single day , I 'm sure that they 'll be talking about it .
Q To follow up on that , Dana , why are you not simply denying the allegations in Woodward 's book ?
MS . PERINO : Why am I not denying what allegations ?
Q Denying that there is -- that spying --
MS. PERINO : I did n't deny it .
I said I decline to comment on it .
And I will decline to comment on it .
Q And also , what is the latest on the negotiations with the Iraqi government on the Strategic Framework Agreement ?
Is there a possibility that any announcement on this will be coupled with an announcement on the troop --
MS. PERINO : I do n't believe so .
I do n't think that they 're going to be coupled .
We still have some things to work out with them .
And our negotiators had a little bit of a break over the past week , and I 'm sure they 'll be starting that up again early next week .
And let me give you an update when we get -- when they get back .
But I do n't think that that announcement would be coupled .
If that changes , I 'll let you know .
( with wire reports )
Whether you ’re on an important call , surfing the internet , or streaming your favorite TV show , there ’s nothing worse than dropping your cell phone signal .
Your conversation cuts out , you have to wait for several minutes for pages to load , or your show pauses to buffer every 30 seconds .
Whatever the case , the situation can be incredibly frustrating .
What if we told you it did n’t always have to be this way ?
Even if your home has notoriously horrible cell phone service , there are things you can do to boost your cell signal .
Interested ?
If you ’re looking for multiple tips on how to improve your cell signal , we can help .
Check out these top nine tips and tricks .
1. Be Aware of Environmental Factors
Have you ever noticed that certain places seem to have the worst cell phone service ?
Obviously , you ’re going to experience compromised service in the mountains , in valleys , and in isolated areas .
However , the causes of poor cell phone service are n’t always immediately apparent .
For example , did you know nearby metal objects can interfere with your signal ?
Additionally , if you ’re struggling with your cell signal , it may be because you ’re too close to other electronics .
If you ’re trying to learn how to boost your cell signal at home , try taking a few steps away from electronic equipment .
This includes TV’s , radios , computers , and even hearing aids .
Similarly , do n’t try to use your cell phone near large metal objects , including while inside metal buildings or buildings with metal roofs .
2. Remove the Cell Phone Cover
Surprisingly , the same device that ’s designed to keep your cell phone safe may also be decreasing your signal strength .
Your cell phone case , while vital for protecting the fragile glass screen and keeping out excess dirt , can also contribute to poor reception .
This problem can be exacerbated if the case is bulky , thick , and designed to be water - tight .
3. Get Outside
While we ’d love to say that only a few types of building construction materials work as reception blockers , the truth is that most materials decrease the strength of your signal .
Some materials , such as metal are definitely worse than others , but even the fiberglass insulation in your walls dampens your signal .
Other notorious offenders include brick , concrete , tinted and low - emissive glass , plaster , wood , and sheetrock .
In other words , nearly every construction material available to human beings at this time .
4. Get a Mobile Repeater
Regardless of where you are or what type of building you reside in , one of the best ways to boost a cell phone signal is by investing in a mobile repeater .
Mobile repeaters are relatively simple devices .
They are signal boosters that are used to amplify a signal into larger areas .
For example , you can put the mobile repeater in an area of the house where you get the strongest signal .
It will take that signal and extend it throughout the immediate area .
Some even come with large antennas that you can mount outside , on your roof , etc .
Check out mobilerepeater .co.uk to get a look at some of your options and learn more about what they do .
5. Be Conscious of Your Hand Placement
Another quick way to boost your cell signal is by using a hands - free device , the speaker setting , or by simply changing your hand position .
Believe it or not , the human body can work as a relatively effective signal blocker .
Our bodies are well - insulated and full of water , of course , they interfere with your signal .
In some cases , simply putting more distance between yourself and your phone can have positive effects on cell phone reception .
6. Try Changing Networks
Each year , cell phone technology becomes more advanced .
We now have 4G and 5G cell phone services that provide lightning - quick speeds and unrivaled connectedness .
However , your ability to pick up these signals may be limited based on your location .
Whether you ’re too far away from the network towers or are in a building that blocks your signal , there are other options .
Try switching to a different network .
On most devices , you can change over to older networks , such as 2G and 3G .
Additionally , you can connect to any available wi-fi signals and use the good old - fashioned internet to stay connected .
This is especially convenient for trying to improve your cell signal at home .
7. Ensure the Integrity of Your SIM Card
Your subscriber identity module card ( SIM card ) is an important and often overlooked feature of your phone .
It ’s used to authenticate and individualize each device for tracking and identification purposes .
However , these little circuit boards are finicky .
If your SIM card has been damaged , it ’s likely affecting your cell phone reception .
You may also be able to boost your cell signal by giving it a quick cleaning .
Regardless of how fancy your case is , dust will still enter your phone and get onto your SIM card , which could result in poor reception .
8. Keep Your Battery Well - Charged
Have you ever noticed how much faster your cell phone battery drains when you ’re in areas of low reception ?
This issue is indicative of a cyclical occurrence .
Your phone uses more battery when constantly searching for and trying to connect to a signal .
In a cruel twist , your phone has a harder time picking up signals when the battery is low .
We recommend closing down unused apps and other processes on your phone to save more battery power .
9. Move to Higher Ground
Last , but certainly not least , to boost your cell signal , trying moving to higher ground .
Since something as unthreatening as fiberglass insulation and tinted glass can inhibit your reception , think about trees , hills , and surrounding buildings .
If you ’re having trouble holding onto a signal , try moving up to a higher floor , onto a balcony , or even up to the roof if necessary .
While this tactic may not be practical for day - to - day operations , it could help you find a good place to put a mobile repeater antenna .
Looking for More on How to Boost Your Cell Signal and Other Tech - Savvy Tips ?
We know how frustrating it can be to drop a call every five minutes , especially if it ’s an important one .
However , remember that your shoddy cell signal may not be a necessity .
Try using the tips and tricks we suggested in this article to boost your cell signal and decrease your anxiety .
And if you ’re looking for more great insight into techy gadgets , be sure to check out some of our other articles before you go !
Using Akismet / TypePad AntiSpam with Django's new comments framework
I 've just recently started getting lots of spam in my comments .
I was originally using a custom OpenID - enabled commenting app that I had written , but decided to switch to the new Django commenting system since it looked interesting .
The honeypot does n't seem to be working though , because spam 's still getting through ...
Although django - comment - utils provides similar functionality , it has n't yet been updated to use the new django.contrib.comments .
For those of you that are interested , here 's how you can use Akismet to protect your blog .
UPDATE : TypePad's AntiSpam service is 100 % API compatible with Akismet , so the code below works nicely with it as well .
Sign up at Wordpress to get your API key for Akismet .
Paste it into your settings file :
AKISMET_API_KEY
= ' your - key - here '
If you 'd rather use TypePad 's AntiSpam service , paste instead the following :
TYPEPAD_ANTISPAM_API_KEY
= ' your - key - here '
Download the Python Akismet module and put akismet .
py somewhere on your PYTHONPATH .
Now paste the following code into any file that gets imported from your Django project .
I 'm using my own custom blog app , so this went at the end of my blog 's models .
py file .
from django.contrib.comments.signals import comment_was_posted def on_comment_was_posted ( sender , comment , request , * args , ** kwargs ) : # spam checking can be enabled / disabled per the comment 's target Model # if comment.content_type.model_class ( ) !=
Entry : # return from django.contrib.sites.models import Site from django.conf import settings try : from akismet import Akismet except : return # use TypePad 's AntiSpam if the key is specified in settings.py if hasattr ( settings , ' TYPEPAD_ANTISPAM_API_KEY ' ) : ak = Akismet ( key=settings .
TYPEPAD_ANTISPAM_API_KEY , blog_url= '
http://%s/' % Site.objects.get(pk=settings.SITE_ID ) .domain ) ak. baseurl = ' api.antispam.typepad.com /1.1/ ' else : ak = Akismet ( key=settings .AKISMET_API_KEY , blog_url= '
http://%s/' % Site.objects.get(pk=settings.SITE_ID ) .domain ) if ak.verify_key ( ) : data = { ' user_ip ' : request .
META.get ( ' REMOTE_ADDR ' , ' 127.0.0.1 ' ) , ' user_agent ' : request .
META.get ( ' HTTP_USER_AGENT ' , '' ) , ' referrer ' : request .
META.get ( ' HTTP_REFERER ' , '' ) , ' comment_type ' : ' comment ' , ' comment_author ' : comment.user_name.encode( 'utf - 8 ' ) , } if ak.comment_check(comment.comment.encode( 'utf - 8 ' ) , data=data , build_data= True ) : comment.flags.create ( user=comment.content_object.author , flag= 'spam ' ) comment.is_public = False comment.save( ) comment_was_posted.connect(on_comment_was_posted )
This code can be tweaked to delete the comment outright if Akismet or TypePad detects that it 's spam - connect instead to the comment_will_be_posted signal and return False .
The flag is created so that a script can go through and periodically delete all spam .
Thanks to Coulix .net for the original implementation .
UPDATE : Fixed encoding issues when sending data to Akismet .
UPDATE # 2 : TypePad AntiSpam support .
BANGKOK ( Reuters ) -
The turmoil in the U.S. financial sector has stoked many emotions , most of them closely related to fear , as its effects have rippled around the world .
But many in Southeast Asia have also reacted with anger at what is seen as the hypocrisy of Western governments in stepping in to prop up failing companies and institutions after preaching the exact opposite to the region during the 1997/1998 Asian financial crisis .
For former Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad , who flew in the face of world opinion in imposing capital controls to ride out the financial crisis 11 years ago , the current credit crisis provided a chance for yet another swipe at Washington .
“ I remember how well we were told never to bail out failing companies , ” he wrote in his blog ( www.chedet.com) this week .
“ But in the last one year the Fed has bailed out dozens of failing banks , mortgage corporations and other businesses , ” the 84 - year - old mused .
During the Asian crisis , Mahathir blamed variously Jews , currency speculators , George Soros , the foreign media , the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) and foreigners in general for Malaysia ’s economic woes .
In Thailand , where the crisis began in July 1997 with the devaluation of the baht under massive speculative pressure , many businessmen and bankers are still bitter at the $ 17 billion bail - out package agreed with the IMF .
During the “ Tom Yam Kung crisis ” , named after a spicy Thai prawn soup , the strings attached to the IMF loans curbed state support for debt - striken firms .
That led to strings of bankruptcies and thousands of job losses .
“ This Hamburger Crisis is showing the hypocrisy and the true color of the West , from the World Bank to IMF to the United States , ” Business Radio FM 98 host Danai Ekmahasawadi said on his popular 90 - minute talk show in Thailand on Friday .
“ During the Tom Yam Kung Crisis , as our creditors they were acting like prophets , telling us not to do this and that , left , right and centre .
They are doing the opposite to what they told us now , ” he said .
“ I am sick and tired of those preaching terms like human rights principles , transparency or good governance , ” he said .
Ironically , one of the largest purchasers of bad Thai debt after 1997 was Lehman Brothers , the U.S. investment bank that filed for bankruptcy protection this week under a mountain of toxic mortgage - linked loans .
However , Korn Chattikavanij , an investment banker during the crisis and now finance critic in Thailand ’s main opposition party , said finger - wagging was pointless , especially as Asia ’s unpleasant experience had taught a valuable lesson .
“ It ’s quite obvious that the IMF model was a mistake , ” Korn told Reuters .
“ But the fact the U.S. is able to learn from that particular mistake now it is facing its own crisis is a positive for the rest of the world .
“ I would n’t want to be pointing fingers and saying ‘ Look , why do n’t you do what you told us to do ? ’ because I know that that would n’t be the right advice , ” he said .
( additional reporting by Jalil Hamid in Kuala Lumpur , and Nopporn Wong - Anan )
The Universal Fry -Sharing Policy states that if you are eating a meal with someone who ordered fries , and you did n’t order fries , you ’re entitled to grab one of their fries and eat it just as it ’s landing on the table as long as a ) you ask first , b ) you make eye contact with them and raise your eyebrows until they nod , or c ) you just know them really well .
Also , since you ’re getting first dibs on their sizzling stick - pile of delicious , hot , oily fries , it ’s only fair that you purposefully avoid any obviously amazing fry in the pile .
You know that really , really long McDonald ’s fry sticking out of the box ?
Probably should n’t touch that .
But the thin , crispy short ones , the oversalted ones , and the regular , limp n’ floppy ones ?
Those are all fair game , my friend .
All fair game .
But be careful out there :
The policy can be abused .
Some people might start pecking away at the fry - pile then just start gaining momentum , unable to stop gorging themselves on your plate once they get started .
They just keep testing the waters , pushing the envelope , snacking away until you move your plate out of reach or ask them politely how their food tastes .
I ’m serious , you need to watch out for these Gorgers , because they ’ll dent your fry - pile if you ’re not careful .
Secondly , watch out for those diner plates that come with only a dozen fries .
You know what I ’m talking about .
Those places that give you a small pile of thick , baked - potato - tasting fries , and that ’s it .
Those piles are off - limits !
Sorry , but the Universal Fry - Sharing Policy simply does not cover extremely small piles of chunky - style fries .
It would be too much to take one of those fries .
The percentages just do n’t work .
Finally , there is one Appendix to The Universal Fry - Sharing Policy .
Conveniently , it is called Appendix One and it simply states that after somebody who ordered fries finishes their meal and pushes their leftover pile of dry , cold , ketchup - smeared fries into the center of the table the first dibs go to people who did n’t get fries .
Second dibs go to those who already demolished a stack of them , but just want more .
And third dibs go to the guy washing the dishes in the back .
So thanks , Universal Fry -Sharing Policy .
Your existence is a win-win , balancing the tables by helping us fry guys trim down the calories and helping the “ Can I substitute salad for fries ? ” folks enjoy some guilty pleasure while still meeting their Eatin ’
Healthy goals .
AWESOME !
Photos from : here , here , and here
Posted in Java by Dan on August 24th , 2008
This little trick is shamelessly stolen from Daniele Futtorovic ’s post on comp.lang.java.programmer .
This is legal , compilable Java :
public class Oddity { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { http : //blog.uncommons.org
System . out .
println ( " Why is the URL allowed above ? " ) ; } }
Why does n’t the URL being in there upset the compiler ?
If you ’re not sure why it ’s valid , click “ show ” for a spoiler .
show
Food & Recipes Overview
Healthy eating starts with learning new ways to eat , such as adding more fresh fruits , vegetables , and whole grains and cutting back on foods that have a lot of fat , salt , and sugar .
TGI Friday Funnies
. . . and reduces ability to correct silly headlines .
No .
On second thought . . . panic is a good idea
What in the world are gerbils doing in this article .
I repeat – this paper has never exhibited a liberal bias .
Good one , Sherlock .
The GlobeAndMail is reporting on The Real Reason Commodities Are Tumbling .
To hear Donald Coxe tell it , the commodity selloff ripping through Canada 's stock market is no accident .
It is the result of a deliberate , brilliantly executed plan hatched at the highest levels of the U.S. Federal Reserve and Treasury .
U.S. authorities engineered the collapse in commodities a move he said was necessary to shore up the global financial system to be bitter .
My attitude is , goddamn it , they 're good it was brilliant .
To understand why commodities are plunging now the S&P / TSX plummeted another 488 points yesterday you have to go back to mid-July , when the U.S. Federal Reserve and Treasury first announced steps to support mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
The move , which ultimately led to the Treasury taking control of Fannie and Freddie this week , touched off a chain - reaction of market events that culminated with the wrenching decline in commodities .
The Fed 's ultimate goal was to trigger a rally in financial stocks , which would , in theory , help banks hammered by the credit crisis raise fresh capital and repair their balance sheets .
To accomplish this , the decision to support Fannie and Freddie was deliberately announced on a Sunday , which had the effect of maximizing the reaction from thinly traded financial stocks on overseas markets .
Because many hedge funds were using massive leverage to short financials and go long on commodities , when North American markets opened and banks initially rallied , the funds were forced to cover their short positions .
At the same time , the U.S. dollar was rallying because the risk of holding Fannie and Freddie paper had diminished .
The rising dollar , in turn , made commodities less attractive , giving funds that were already scrambling to cover their financial shorts another reason to dump oil , grains and other commodities .
The losses were swift and dramatic .
On the Friday before the July 11 announcement , crude oil closed at $ 145.18 a barrel .
Over the following five days , it plunged 11 per cent .
“ Leverage was being unwound dramatically , ” Mr. Coxe said on a conference call last week .
“ We had a true panic . ”
As oil and other commodities were tumbling , fears about the slowing global economy were mounting , giving resources another push downhill .
This was also in keeping with the Fed 's wishes , because lower commodity prices would help quell fears about inflation .
Mr. Coxe has no proof that the Fed and Treasury acted in concert to boost financials and sink commodities .
He is basing his assertions on conversations with hedge fund managers and on years of watching financial markets .
“ There 's no doubt whatever in my mind ” about what happened , he says .
Don Coxe Jumps The Shark
US $ Index
Crude
succeed
US Dollar Discussion
Carry Trade Blows Sky High
What About Oil ?
China Fuel Buying Binge Ends
China 's nine - month auto fuel buying frenzy ahead of the summer Olympics helped lift global oil markets to records , but beleaguered bulls beware -- it could be years before conditions force it to launch another raid .
" The massive import levels that we witnessed are not likely to be duplicated for a long time .
The point about demand threatening to stall is a real important one , " said U.S. - based independent analyst Paul Ting .
Data due on Wednesday should confirm that China imported a hefty 530,000 tonnes ( 128,000 barrels per day ) of diesel in August , a last batch of purchases after buying a record near 1 million tonnes in July , rivaling the United States .
China in Manufacturing Recession
Manufacturing in China , the world 's fastest - growing major economy , contracted for a second straight month in August , according to a survey of purchasing managers .
The Purchasing Managers ' Index was a seasonally adjusted 48.4 , unchanged from July , the China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing said today in an e-mailed statement .
Since July , Chinese policy makers have put extra emphasis on sustaining the economy 's expansion rather than cooling inflation .
Growth has slowed for four quarters and Vice Commerce Minister Gao Hucheng said last week that weakness in global demand will weigh on China 's exports for the rest of the year .
Runup In Price Explained
US Fuel Demand Drops
Sept. 10 ( Bloomberg ) --
Oil futures fell to a five - month low in New York following a U.S. government report that showed fuel demand declined and refinery production dropped after Hurricane Gustav shut plants along the Gulf Coast .
Operating rates declined to 78.3 percent of capacity in the week ended Sept. 5 , the lowest since 2005 , when hurricanes Katrina and Rita struck the Gulf , the Energy Department said today in a weekly report .
Demand for fuels averaged over the past four weeks declined 3.8 percent , the department 's report showed .
Oil supplies increased by 1.77 million barrels in states along the Gulf of Mexico at the same time regional producers shut all U.S. crude output in preparation for Hurricane Gustav .
Regional inventories reached 159.6 million barrels , the highest since May .
" We ended up with more oil on the Gulf Coast than we thought because refineries did n't use as much , " said David Pursell , an analyst at Tudor , Pickering , Holt & Co. in Houston .
" The decrease in refinery usage was offset by a reduction in imports so we ended up with a little more oil in the Gulf Coast , rather than big draws . "
OPEC Says It Will Cut Oil Production
September 9 , 2008
VIENNA —
In an unexpected decision made after a six - hour meeting that lasted well into the night , the OPEC oil cartel said it would reduce its oil production by about half a million barrels a day in a bid to stem a rapid decline in oil prices in recent weeks .
Fears that the market was currently oversupplied while demand for oil was slowing led the group to say it would “ strictly comply ” with production quotas set in September 2007 .
Since then , the group has been producing above those levels to drive prices down .
In its final statement , the oil - producing group said it had noted “ a shift in market sentiment causing downside risks to the global oil market outlook . ”
Oil prices peaked at $ 145.29 a barrel on July 3 but have been falling lately because of slowing global demand .
Oil Prices Falling Because Of Slowing Global Demand
The hottest piece of ass EVER Fucked .
I know that girlfriend will piss off when find out !
Views : 124075
Senator John McCain , whose rise to the highest levels in politics is literally built on his POW experience in Vietnam , has “ worked very hard to hide from the public stunning information about American prisoners in Vietnam who , unlike him , did n’t return home , The Nation magazine disclosed .
“ Throughout his Senate career , McCain has quietly sponsored and pushed into federal law a set of prohibitions that keep the most revealing information about these men buried as classified documents , ” Pulitizer Prize - winning reporter Sydney Schanberg charges in the October 6th issue of the liberal publication .
McCain has frequently berated as “ MIA hobbyists ” and “ conspiracy theorists ” those who claim American service personnel were left behind after the signing of the January , 1973 , peace treaty that returned 591 men .
But a large body of evidence suggests that “ hundreds ” of US prisoners held in Vietnam were , in fact , not returned , the magazine writer said .
“ The sum of the secrets McCain has sought to hide is not small .
There exists a telling mass of official documents , radio intercepts , witness depositions , satellite photos of rescue symbols that pilots were trained to use , electronic messages from the ground containing the individual code numbers given to airmen , a rescue mission by a Special Forces unit that was aborted twice by Washington and even sworn testimony by two defense secretaries ( James Schlesinger and Melvin Laird ) that ‘ men were left behind , ’ ” Schamberg writes .
Among the documents McCain has attempted to discredit is a transcript of North Vietnamese general Tran Van Quang briefing of the Hanoi Politburo discovered in Soviet archives .
Four months before the peace treaty he said Hanoi was holding 1,205 American prisoners but would keep many as leverage to ensure getting reparations from Washington , Schamberg said .
Additionally , the Defense Intelligence Agency ( DIA ) received more than 1,600 firsthand reports of sightings of live American prisoners and nearly 14,000 second - hand accounts , Schamberg pointed out .
“ Many witnesses interrogated by CIA or Pentagon intelligence agents were deemed ‘ credible ’ in the agents ’ reports .
Some of the witnesses were given lie - detector tests and passed .
Sources provided me with copies of these witness reports .
Yet the DIA , after reviewing them all , concluded that they ‘ do not constitute evidence ’ that men were still alive , ” Schanberg continued .
The author , who has worked as a reporter for the New York Times and other leading publications and has reported extensively on the POW story , said McCain opposed the 1990 Truth bill that would compel department heads who got POW information to make it public .
The following year , McCain introduced his own version of it that “ created a bureaucratic maze from which only a fraction of the documents could emerge --- only the records that revealed no POW secrets , ” Schanberg said .
The bill was enacted into law .
Again , McCain in 1996 attached a crippling amendment to the Missing Service Personnel
Act that pulled its enforcement teeth , its criminal penalties , and reduced “ the obligations of commanders in the field to speedily search for missing men and report the incidents to the Pentagon , ” Schanberg said .
McCain is the most pivotal member of the Senate Select Committee on POW / MIA Affairs — a committee that has become “ part of the ( Pentagon ) debunking machine , ” the author says .
Schanberg goes on to say “ very few Americans are aware of McCain ’s role not only in keeping the subject out of public view but in denying the existence of abandoned POWs . ”
He explained , “ The Arizona senator has actually been following the lead of every White House since Richard Nixon ’s and thus of every CIA director , Pentagon chief and National Security Adviser , among many others ( including Dick Cheney , who was George H.W. Bush ’s defense secretary . ”
“ The only explanation McCain has ever offered for his leadership on legislation that seals POW information is that he believes the release of such information would only stir up fresh grief for the families of those who were never accounted for in Vietnam , ” Schanberg writes .
But he adds , “ Of the scores of POW families I ’ve met over the years , only a few have said they want the books closed without knowing what happened to their men .
All the rest say that not knowing is exactly what grieves them . ”
#
( Sherwood Ross is a Miami - based writer who formerly reported for the Chicago Daily News and contributed regular columns to several major wire services .
Reach him at sherwoodr1@yahoo.com ) .
I was never more excited to do laundry , and it was n’t because my son and I were running out of clean underwear .
I had just installed a system to divert gray water from my washing machine to my xeriscaped frontyard , and I was anxious about whether the $ 312 and two days I ’d spent installing it would pay off .
Considering all the money and political squabbling that goes into getting water to this desert metropolis , it seems silly not to recycle water once it ’s here .
Especially now .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and L.A. Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa are telling us to conserve , which I do .
I was still using 253 gallons at my home each day , according to my latest Department of Water and Power bill .
I just wanted to use less , and recycling my gray water was one way to do it .
Gray water is the wastewater generated from sinks , showers , bathtubs and laundry machines .
All of it could be used to irrigate plants but , instead , is drained to the sewer in Los Angeles County , where it ’s treated and , for the most part , sent into the Pacific .
In L.A. , about 40 % of the water used at home is for outdoor irrigation , according to the DWP .
The rest is used indoors .
In theory , that meant I could get all the water for my landscape from what I was already using inside .
I also would be saving money and doing my minuscule part to save the state .
But , like so many other things in life , translating desire into action is often problematic , as I learned while installing a gray water system at my 90 - year - old bungalow in Highland Park .
Technically , it ’s possible , but only if the system can clear the exceptionally tall technological , financial and bureaucratic hurdles set out in Appendix G of the California plumbing code , which went into effect in 1992 at the tail end of a five - year drought .
The big issue for the state is public health .
Releasing untreated water into a landscape may spread bacteria and make humans and animals sick .
That ’s why the code requires gray water systems to be installed underground .
Although none of the gray water advocates or L.A. County health officials I spoke with for this column are aware of any incidents of gray water - induced sickness , health concerns are the main reason why so few permitted gray water systems exist in the state -- and why most people install them without permits , as I did .
The daunting technological legalese of the plumbing code sent me scouring the Internet for other options , which I found through the Santa Barbara firm Oasis Design and a group called the Greywater Guerrillas in Oakland .
Pretty much everything I had ever wanted to know about gray water -- and then some -- was available at www.oasisdesign.net, where I spent the better part of an afternoon learning the basics and purchasing two books .
The photocopied - and - stapled “ Builder ’s Greywater Guide ” reiterated many of the same technical and legal issues that had been outlined on the Oasis site , and the glossy and perfect - bound “ Create an Oasis With Greywater ” gave me more detailed information on systems to consider .
Gray water can be harvested from four principal places in the home .
The most desirable is the washing machine , which can generate 10 to 50 gallons a load and have the added benefit of a built - in pump that helps push the water through the plumbing and into the garden .
Showers generate at least 2.5 gallons of water a minute , even from low - flow shower heads , and baths typically use 30 to 40 gallons a soak .
They generate a lot of water , but they may also require an additional pump and surge tank , which means more money , electricity and maintenance .
Kitchen sinks do n’t generate much wastewater , and the water they do yield is full of potentially problematic food debris requiring more complex systems .
Reading the books , I made two decisions : I was installing a gray water system , and I was doing it with my washing machine .
By my estimate , it would give me 90 gallons a week .
What the books did n’t provide were enough specifics for me .
I ’m only a moderately handy person .
I need to see and touch and feel something to truly understand it .
I needed a workshop .
That ’s where the Greywater Guerrillas came in .
The self - described group of educators , designers , builders and artists who teach and empower people to “ build sustainable water culture and infrastructure ” holds semimonthly workshops , mostly in the Bay Area , for wannabe do - it - yourselfers .
I reserved a spot and headed up in August , when the guerrillas planned to take over a Berkeley couple ’s house for a day and send their washing - machine water out to their fruit trees and ornamentals .
Over five hours , I re-learned much of what I already knew from the Oasis website and books .
I also got to cut and glue pieces of PVC , snip garden hose , dig mulch basins and otherwise help to install the system I hoped to put into action at my house .
The participatory aspect of the workshop was invaluable , but even better was a shopping list , which included the names of each part I ’d need , complete with model numbers .
All but four items could be purchased from the California - based irrigation company DripWorks ( www.dripworksusa.com).
I placed my order online , and a box showed up on my doorstep two days later .
The 1 - inch - diameter PVC plumbing pipe I needed to re-route the gray water from my washing machine was easily procured from a plumbing supply shop .
But I did have trouble finding the three - way plumbing valve I needed to switch my dirty laundry water between my yard ( where I planned to send it in dry months ) and the sewer ( where I ’d send it when it was raining or when I was running a load with bleach ) ; I had to buy the valve from the Greywater Guerrillas .
The 100 feet of 1 - inch - diameter HDPE irrigation tubing I needed to carry gray water into my yard was impossible to find .
I called three irrigation suppliers in L.A. , and none had it , so I gave up and bought more expensive and less environmentally sound PVC spa hose from the Home Depot .
Then there were the U - shaped garden stakes to hold the curly spa hose in place .
After visiting four nurseries , I ended up crafting my own with ceiling wire and a wire cutter .
Supplies in hand , I was ready to start construction .
Or so I thought .
As soon as my washing machine was pulled away from its spot inside a closet and I got an up - close look at the maze of tubes and hookups running to the wall , my mind went blank .
My hands - on experience in Berkeley , the notes I ’d taken and everything else I thought I had learned flew out the window .
If you are not especially handy , I suggest playing plumber ’s apprentice to a friend who ’s better schooled in the ways of ratcheting blades and PVC glue .
That ’s what I did for the first day of the install , which focused on rerouting the plumbing .
By comparison , the second day was easy -- running the spa and feeder hoses through the landscape , staking them down , mulching .
After seven trips to the plumbing shop and six trips to the Home Depot , the system was ready to roll .
I filled up my Whirlpool Thin Twin with my kindergartner ’s filthy boywear and Ecos detergent , and I waited for the spin cycle as I never had before .
When the water poured into the garden , my flax , osmanthus and agapanthus were happy .
Myself ?
I was so thrilled I danced .
susan.carpenter@latimes.com
" Relativity " is an art project by Drzach & Suchy in which pictures are created using raised tabs .
The art is revealed by the shadows of the tabs , and the picture changes depending on the direction of the light .
This particular piece is called " Marilyn " .
Link - Thanks , Drzach & Suchy !
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Plus , 8 tips for surviving a stint in the pokey , a recipe for Nutraloaf , and everything else you wanted to know about about prison living but were afraid to ask .
Please use the menu above to navigate .
When I first ventured online , the internet struck me as the last word in literary experimentation .
I was in good company .
For Kathy Acker , and other pioneers who were already pushing the envelope on papyrus , cyberspace ( copyright William Gibson ) was truly the final frontier .
The very first novel to be serialised online - Douglas Anthony Cooper 's Delirium ( 1994 ) - made full use of the new medium by allowing readers to navigate between four parallel plotlines .
Geoff Ryman 's 253 , first posted in 1996 , became an instant hypertext classic .
A year later , Mark Amerika 's Grammatron transcended the fledgling genre by turning it into a multimedia extravaganza .
This , I believe , was a crucial turning point .
The brief alliance between literati and digerati was severed : groundbreaking electronic fiction would now be subsumed into the art world or relegated to the academic margins .
The subsequent blogging revolution shifted the focus further away from web - based writing to news coverage of dead - tree tomes , thus adding yet another layer of commentary to the " mandarin madness of secondary discourse " George Steiner had long been lamenting .
Bar a few notable exceptions ( Penguin 's wiki - novel or We Tell Stories project ) , traditional publishers have used the internet as a glorified marketing tool providing them with new ways of flogging the same old same old : e-books , Sony Readers , digi-novels , slush - pile outsourcing ...
My contention that e-literature has been gradually sidelined by the rise of the internet as a mass medium proves controversial .
A straw poll of some of the movers and shakers on the digital writing scene indicates that a huge majority believes e-lit has a higher profile today than it did 10 years ago .
In fact , Dene Grigar - who chaired the Electronic Literature Organization 's latest international conference - was alone in thinking that I may have a point .
Interestingly enough , she argues that American universities ' digital humanities departments are partly to blame because of their emphasis on digitising traditional books at the expense of promoting creative electronic writing : " In reality , unless it is a department where Kate Hayles , Matt Kirschenbaum , and a handful of other scholars reside , Michael Joyce 's work will not receive the attention that James Joyce 's does " .
Nevertheless , she is convinced that e-lit remains a " viable art form " .
That it may be , but is it still writing ?
Chris Meade , director of the thinktank if : book , agrees that e-lit practitioners are increasingly forced " to engage more fully with either the literary or digital arts " .
He mentions Naomi Alderman and Kate Pullinger as " two of the few writers who still straddle the literary and new media fields " .
Meade himself probably fits the bill too .
In Search of Lost Tim , his multimedia novella which was recently described as " just possibly , the future of fiction " , may be based on a mixture of blogs and videos but it still clearly belongs to the Gutenberg Galaxy .
For others , like Sue Thomas , professor of new media at Leicester 's De Monfort University , the way forward ( or sideways ) is precisely to abandon our print fixation .
This is why she rejects the term " e- lit " ( with its reference to an old - fashioned notion of ' literature ' ) in favour of " new media writing " or , better still , " transliteracy " - which covers all forms of literacy ranging from orality to social networking sites .
Amerika , pope of avant - pop - cum - new - media guru has referred to himself as a designwriter , a remixologist , a visual jockey ( VJ ) and , of course , a net artist , over the years , whereas he used to be a plain old writer in his younger days .
This is n't just a question of semantics .
As Grigar points out , " one of the most difficult aspects of e-lit is the ability to talk about it fast enough , so fast is the landscape changing " .
Since its inception , e-lit has been struggling to free itself from its generic limitations and now seems to be on the verge of doing so .
At long last .
Although interesting , its early manifestations were hardly groundbreaking .
Collaborative narratives are as old as literature itself .
Generative poetry simply adds a technological twist to Tzara 's hat trick , the surrealists ' automatic writing or Burroughs ' cut-ups .
Interactive fiction has its roots in Cervantes and Sterne .
Hypertexts seldom improve on gamebooks like the famous Choose Your Own Adventure series , let alone BS Johnson 's infamous novel - in - a - box .
Besides , if you really want to add sound and pictures to words , why not make a film ?
So far , the brave new world of digital literature has been largely anti-climatic .
Meade himself confides that he is yet to be " seized by a digital fiction that is utterly compelling " .
I can but concur .
Technology - the very stuff e-lit is made of - has also turned out to be its Achilles heel .
The slow switch to broadband limits its potential audience , e-readers are only adapted to conventional texts - and when was the last time you curled up in bed with a hypertext ?
In spite of all this , Amerika may well be on to something when he claims that we are witnessing the emergence of a " digitally - processed intermedia art " in which literature and all the other arts are being " remixed into yet other forms still not fully developed " .
My feeling is that these " other forms " will have less and less to do with literature .
Perhaps e-lit is already dead ?
It 's a particularly busy week for me : on top of a few looming deadlines , I 'll be at Business of Software 2008 in Boston .
So , I figured it'd be the perfect opportunity to revisit some classics .
The Phantom of The System was originally published on August 2nd , 2005 .
Mortimer Armstrong and his coworker had always known about The System : a gigantic order entry / processing applications written entirely in ASP / VBScript .
The System was so fragile that something as simple as a misplaced " double - click " could bring the whole thing down .
The code churning within The System was so intricate and complex that only " The Whiz " ( who , consequently , was also the author of The System ) could possibly understand and maintain it .
After The Whiz had left the company , The System fell into Mortimer 's coworker 's lap .
Amongst countless other things , one thing that he was having such a hard time figuring out was the significance of the mysterious numbers 22 , 7 , - 12 , and 620 strewn throughout the code .
Then he found this .
Amidst 1600 lines VBScript order validation / processing code .
With not a single line containing anything even resembling a function or subroutine .
' ED : Yes , these are the original comments ... '
This code will calculate order total , mask it , and send it to ' the ThankYou.asp page , where it will then be unmasked to reveal ' its true beauty , just like the poor Phantom of the Opera .
Randomize amount = oTotal maskerLeft = Int ( ( 999999 - 100000 + 1 ) * Rnd + 100000 ) maskerRight = Int ( ( 999999 - 100000 + 1 ) * Rnd + 100000 ) ' this will be used as a dummy , to throw off the wise ' it calculates nothing maskerDummyLeft = Int ( ( 999999 - 100000 +
1 ) * Rnd + 100000 ) maskerDummyRight = Int ( ( 999999 - 100000 + 1 ) * Rnd + 100000 ) maskerDummyMid = Int ( ( 999999 - 100000 + 1 ) * Rnd + 100000 ) maskerDummy = maskerDummyLeft & maskerDummyMid & " .50 " & maskerDummyRight ' takes order total and jumbles it mathematically masker Amount =
(((( oTotal + 22 ) * 7 ) ) - 12 ) * 620 ' adds random numbers to the left and right of amount ' this var is sent to ThankYou.asp track = maskerLeft & masker Amount & maskerRight ' ED : Snip Response.Redirect( " ThankYou.asp?ft= " & form_type & " &tempid= " & tNumber
& " &track= " & track & " &tot= " & maskerDummy )
Modern conservatism began as a movement of dissident intellectuals .
Richard Weaver wrote a book called , “ Ideas Have Consequences . ” Russell Kirk placed Edmund Burke in an American context .
William F. Buckley famously said he ’d rather be governed by the first 2,000 names in the Boston phone book than by the faculty of Harvard .
But he did n’t believe those were the only two options .
His entire life was a celebration of urbane values , sophistication and the rigorous and constant application of intellect .
Driven by a need to engage elite opinion , conservatives tried to build an intellectual counterestablishment with think tanks and magazines .
They disdained the ideas of the liberal professoriate , but they did not disdain the idea of a cultivated mind .
Ronald Reagan was no intellectual , but he had an earnest faith in ideas and he spent decades working through them .
He was rooted in the Midwest , but he also loved Hollywood .
And for a time , it seemed the Republican Party would be a broad coalition  small - town values with coastal reach .
In 1976 , in a close election , Gerald Ford won the entire West Coast along with northeastern states like New Jersey , Connecticut , Vermont and Maine .
In 1984 , Reagan won every state but Minnesota .
Candidates spar at Ole Miss debate RAW STORY
Published : Friday September 26 , 2008
Print This Email This
The two presidential hopefuls locked horns in their first debate Friday night at the University of Mississippi .
Hosted by Jim Lehrer of PBS , the first questions had Sen. John McCain and Sen. Barack Obama approving of the recent financial bailout while offering several caveats .
Asked directly whether he intends to vote for it in Congress , McCain said , " I hope so . "
" We have n't seen the language yet , " Obama said .
" I do think there is constructive work being done . "
Pressed by Lehrer to answer questions on how they would change their plans for the presidency in the wake of Wall Street 's meltdown , the candidates agreed the $ 700 billion price tag of the bailout would limit their agendas .
Then then turned the blame toward one another .
Obama said the crisis was a result of failed Republican economic policies backed by McCain , citing McCain 's voting record as agreeing with the Bush administration more than 90 percent of the time .
" This is a final verdict on eight years of failed economic policies -- promoted by George Bush , supported by Sen. McCain , " Obama said , " a theory that basically says that we can shred regulations and consumer protections and give more and more to the most , and somehow prosperity will trickle down . "
McCain said he would freeze federal spending on almost everything but defense and veteran 's care .
He then accused Obama of being a earmark - supporting liberal who could n't unite the parties .
" Senator Obama has the most liberal voting record in the Senate , " McCain said .
" It 's hard to reach across the aisle from that far to the left . "
On the topic of the war in Iraq , Obama talked of lessons learned in Iraq , and making sure that our troops were used wisely .
" And I wish I had been wrong for the sake of the country and they had been right , but that 's not the case .
We 've spent over $ 600 billion so far , soon to be $ 1 trillion .
We have lost over 4,000 lives .
We have seen 30,000 wounded , and most importantly , from a strategic national security perspective , al Qaeda is resurgent , stronger now than at any time since 2001 .
We took our eye off the ball .
And not to mention that we are still spending $ 10 billion a month , when they have a $ 79 billion surplus , at a time when we are in great distress here at home , and we just talked about the fact that our budget is way overstretched and we are borrowing money from overseas to try to finance just some of the basic functions of our government .
So I think the lesson to be drawn is that we should never hesitate to use military force , and I will not , as president , in order to keep the American people safe .
But we have to use our military wisely .
And we did not use our military wisely in Iraq , said Obama .
McCain refused to say one way or another whether the decision to invade was a mistake .
" I think the lessons of Iraq are very clear that you cannot have a failed strategy that will then cause you to nearly lose a conflict .
Our initial military success , we went in to Baghdad and everybody celebrated .
And then the war was very badly mishandled .
I went to Iraq in 2003 and came back and said , we 've got to change this strategy .
This strategy requires additional troops , it requires a fundamental change in strategy and I fought for it .
And finally , we came up with a great general and a strategy that has succeeded , " said McCain .
McCain went further to say " The next president of the United States is not going to have to address the issue as to whether we went into Iraq or not .
The next president of the United States is going to have to decide how we leave , when we leave , and what we leave behind .
That 's the decision of the next president of the United States . "
The McCain campaign nearly postponed the debate after McCain said he was needed in Washington to deal with the financial crisis .
Early Friday morning , McCain reversed his position and again agreed to the debates .
Three - quarters of U.S. voters wanted the first presidential debate to go ahead despite the economic crisis , with six in 10 people expecting Obama to win the debates , Agence France Presse reported .
The full transcript of the debate is available online at CNN .
This video is from CNN's Situation Room , broadcast September 26 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Yes , Sarah Palin sat in a church where this message was given .
Two weeks ago .
The karma in all this is just amazing :
Brickner also described terrorist attacks on Israelis as God 's " judgment of unbelief " of Jews who have n't embraced Christianity .
" Judgment is very real and we see it played out on the pages of the newspapers and on the television .
It 's very real .
When [ Brickner 's son ] was in Jerusalem he was there to witness some of that judgment , some of that conflict , when a Palestinian from East Jerusalem took a bulldozer and went plowing through a score of cars , killing numbers of people .
Judgment you can't miss it . "
Palin was in church that day , Kroon said , though he cautioned against attributing Brickner ’s views to her .
How does Hannity deal with this ?
After what he said about Jeremiah Wright ?
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
That there is a finite number of hours in a day is a given , and as more and more services come online , our ability to divide our time across multiple sites diminishes .
The question then becomes do you effectively manage this time , or do you lose focus with some areas of your online presence missing out ?
Alex at Hematopoiesis contends that FriendFeed is killing blogging , because people are spending more time on FriendFeed and less time on their blogs .
The post itself could be brilliant trolling , but the tone would suggest he is serious .
The problem is , he ’s seriously wrong .
FriendFeed is not killing blogging .
If anything , FriendFeed is encouraging better blogging by providing a close to flat platform for promotion where good content is rewarded by likes and comments .
I ca n’t argue on the point that the volume of blog posting is diminishing , because there are no hard figures that I ’m aware of , and even if it is true , there is no direct cause and effect between a decline in volume in the blogosphere and the rise of FriendFeed .
I would n’t be surprised if volume was decreasing , and in part the rise of competing services were partly to blame , but the bigger driver would be blogging coming off its huge boom , where people who were not serious about blogging have moved on to other things .
You can only come down after you ’ve reached a peak , but the come down will not see blogging die , because the graph will look something like a rollercoaster , not a mountain .
The real issue identified here is one of time management .
How do you best divide your time across various platforms in an age where there is so much going on , and so many places you could be participating .
The simple answer is that you ca n’t possibly be everywhere , so you refine your preferred services and allocate your time across them .
In my case that means Google Reader ( morning read ) , FriendFeed ( first tab open , regularly checking it ) , blogging ( follows post reading ) , Twitter ( sidebar , occasionally read and participate but not so it ’s overboard … where as it was at one stage ) , email ( which I hate , but force myself to do ) , comments ( god bless Disqus ) , and then what ever follows .
Throw in some ReadBurner and RSSMeme among other sites I ’ll also visit .
I tend to spend time on TotalFark in the afternoon , occasionally picking up a story to post , or submitting things , Reddit over lunch because it ’s always a good read , and occasionally Plurk .
Night time I ’ll wind down and if I ’m not ready to sleep , low stakes table on Pokerstars , and the occasional tournament .
The key is everything should be allocated because without structure , areas you should be taking time on will suffer .
In terms of FriendFeed , the way I use it has changed over time .
I probably do spend more time on it than I should , but it ’s also a tool for me along with a great social platform .
I regularly use FriendFeed as a barometer of what we have on The Inquisitr .
It ’s not always the best at picking good content , but if a post goes up and is n’t liked or commented on , it causes me to think why this is the case , and what may have worked better .
FriendFeed is also a some - what regular source of news in itself , where by I can find content to write about , or be inspired by a post there to write a post such as this one .
FriendFeed helps my blogging , and does n’t hinder it .
Atheists and theists frequently get into debates over the existence of gods , over the nature of religion , over whether religions do more harm than good , etc .
Although every atheist and theist are different , it still works out that a lot of these conversations keep hitting the same topics and keep running into the same problems .
Both sides can be at fault for this , but there are a number of common errors which theists make that can kill any chance there might have been at having a productive , interesting , and substantive discussion .
These errors can be avoided if theists know about them in advance and care .
01 of 11 Presume to Instruct Us that We 're " Really " Agnostics , Not Atheists Many conversations between atheists and theists are killed at the very beginning when a theist lectures an atheist about what the " real " definition of atheism is , who " real " atheists are and that people who call themselves atheists are " really " agnostics .
More often than not this religious theist has no idea what they are talking about : they read some false claims in an apologetic book and are now repeating them as if they were gospel truth .
Instead , they should take some time to learn how atheists and dictionaries define atheism and agnosticism , not presume to impose their own on us .
02 of 11 Presume to Preach and Proselytize , As If We Needed It Far too often , religious theists enter conversations with atheists not to learn something and not to merely communicate their perspective , but instead to simply proselytize and preach .
That 's not a conversation because a real conversation is a two - way street where both contribute and both are interested in taking something away .
Preaching or proselytization is a one - way street where one person does all the talking but none of the listening and none of the learning .
Atheists do n't need this and are almost never at all interested in it .
If you feel the need to preach , ask if the person wants to listen .
03 of 11 Commit Obvious and Egregious Logical Fallacies
No one is perfect and few learn how to construct logical arguments , much less how to identify and avoid logical fallacies .
Even so , few things are more annoying than to see someone commit the most obvious and egregious fallacies , even those which should have been noticed without specific education .
If you commit such fallacies , and especially if you commit many of them , many wo n't even bother trying to explain it all to you .
If your position is n't worth your spending time to identify and eliminate basic errors in how you explain it , how can it be worth others ' time listening to or rebutting it ?
04 of 11 Try to " Prove " Something By Quoting the Bible Christians regard their Bible significant in their lives , but for most atheists , it is little more than literature at best — ancient literature mixed with a bit of mythologized history .
For atheists , quoting passages from the Bible proves nothing about any gods whatsoever .
At most , it may prove that the person doing the quoting does n't have anything better to offer .
That the Christian doing the quoting considers this the best possible sort of evidence to offer reinforces the tragedy of this miscommunication .
Avoid this by remembering that you can't prove anything to atheists by simply quoting the Bible .
05 of 11 Threaten Us With Damnation or Say Atheism is a " Bad Bet " Many religious theists believe there is a punishment for bad people in an afterlife .
In certain religions , like Christianity , this punishment plays a central role in their mythology .
They always live under the threat of punishment if they do n't behave and believe correctly , so it may seem reasonable to pass the threat along to nonbelievers — but that will likely have the opposite effect .
Many people react negatively to threats and telling atheists that they will go to hell if they do n't convert , or that atheism is a " bad bet " with bad consequences , will likely push them away .
06 of 11 Pretend that You Don't Have the Burden of Proof People making a positive claim have a burden of proof ; this means that they voluntarily assume an obligation to support their claim .
All theists claiming that their god exists have such a burden of proof .
Atheists only have such a burden when they make a specific claim .
Some theists pretend that they do n't have any obligation to support what they say , like for example arguing that such a burden lies with those who hold a minority position ( atheists ) , regardless of whether they make any claims or not .
Atheists should n't fall for such tricks and wo n't take the attempt very well .
07 of 11 Cut & Paste Arguments From Others That You Can't Defend Theological arguments can get very difficult and very complicated .
Many people , atheists and theists , can quickly get in over their heads and have no good answers or arguments to offer .
There 's no shame in this , but occasionally a person will simply take a short cut by copying arguments from someplace else and pasting them into their own conversation .
Even worse , they do n't understand the argument well enough to adequately defend it .
Quoting others is fine , but only in support of arguments you are making on your own .
If you can't make your own arguments , then it 's better to admit this and bow out .
08 of 11 Ignore What We Say and Pretend that We Didn't Just Object to that Argument A large number of debates , no matter what the subject , can end up with all parties just talking past each other : each is more interested in what they have to say than in listening to what others have to say .
Everyone does this , but when it comes to discussions with atheists many theists do something in particular : they offer arguments for the existence of their god and then ignore the various objections and rebuttals offered by atheists .
It 's one thing not to agree with those rebuttals , but quite another to go on repeating the argument as if no objections had been raised at all .
Please do n't do that , it 's annoying .
09 of 11 Offer That Same Argument Again That We've Refuted a Million Times
There are only so many arguments for the existence of gods , so we can't expect theists to offer something completely new and original every time .
This does n't excuse offering the most simplistic forms of these same arguments , nor does it excuse a failure to do some research to learn what the most common objections and rebuttals are .
If you do this , atheists will often assume that you really do n't know much about the argument or even about how to argue this subject in general .
If you want to kill your chance at a substantive conversation with an atheist , demonstrate that you did n't do any research ahead of time .
10 of 11 Tell us to Go Read a Book or Do Research When We Challenge You Sooner or later in every debate , atheists will challenge a theist to provide evidence to support their claims .
The proper response is to actually provide evidence .
What you should n't do is insist that it 's up to atheists to go do research to find out whether there is any merit to your claims .
There are a potentially infinite number of claims we could encounter and we do n't have time to thoroughly investigate them all .
It 's up to the claimant to show that their position has enough merit to be taken seriously and be looked at more closely .
If you can't provide enough evidence to do this , then do n't start making claims to begin with .
We certainly are n't going to go out to research your claims just because you say we should .
TOKYO ( Reuters ) - Nissan Motor
Co said on Monday it has developed an accelerator pedal that can push back on the driver ’s foot when it detects excess pressure and poor fuel efficiency .
Japan ’s No.3 automaker said it would install the “ ECO pedal ” , which can be switched on or off by the driver , in its cars from next year .
It did n’t specify which models would be equipped with the new technology .
Internal research showed that the system , which comes with real - time fuel consumption levels displayed in the instrument panel , could improve fuel efficiency by 5 - 10 percent depending on driving conditions .
Nissan is taking a three - pronged approach to reducing carbon dioxide emissions , comprising improvements in vehicle technologies , driving behavior and traffic conditions .
Last year , it promised to equip all new cars with the fuel consumption indicator , which indicates the optimal level for fuel - efficient driving by displaying a green , flashing or amber light .
Dems are accusing GOP leaders and McCain of using Wall Street 's woes as a political tool .
House GOP stands firm - for now
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson left a late - night session at the Capitol Thursday without a deal on the bailout plan the White House says is needed to prevent economic disaster .
Four of the five parties involved in the deal — House Democrats , Senate Democrats , Senate Republicans and the White House — had agreed to the general outlines of a plan , Sen. Chris Dodd ( D - Conn . ) and Rep. Barney Frank ( D - Mass . ) said after the meeting ended .
Advertisement
That left one remaining obstacle : House Republicans .
Or maybe two .
Although John McCain has n’t said whether he supports the bipartisan , bicameral compromise struck earlier in the day Thursday , one of his leading Senate surrogates – Lindsey Graham of South Carolina – said Thursday night that McCain joined House Republicans in opposing that proposal .
With so many parties involved , Paulson asked congressional leaders to limit the meeting participants to one representative each from the Senate Democrats , House Democrats , House Republicans and Senate Republicans .
Rep. Spencer Bachus ( R - Ala . ) stood in for the House Republicans .
But as Frank said after the meeting , “ he was n’t even marginally deputized ” to speak for his caucus , having been publicly chastened by House GOP leadership earlier in the day .
Bachus , said Frank , excused himself from the meeting , explaining that since he was n’t authorized to speak on behalf of his caucus it was n’t useful for him to stay .
Sen. Judd Gregg ( R - N.H. ) represented the GOP , with Sen. Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky . ) endorsing the negotiations .
Dodd and Frank represented the Democrats , although Sens. Jack Reed ( D - R.I. ) and Charles Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) were also there for part of the meeting .
Following the meeting , Frank and Dodd implored President Bush to persuade House Republicans that the situation is urgent .
“ The president has got to go to work here , ” said Frank .
As for McCain ’s offer of assistance , Frank said , “ God save us from such help . ”
Frank gave reporters copies of the House Republicans ’ set of principles , and he said that their primary goal — insuring bad bank loans , rather than buying them — had already been rejected by Paulson as unworkable .
He noted that no House Republicans raised the insurance idea at a House hearing yesterday ; if anyone had , he said , Paulson would have rejected the idea out of hand .
The Democrats insisted that Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) would not bring the plan to the floor unless is had substantial support from the GOP .
It does not yet , and it ’s not clear how it ever will .
According to one GOP lawmaker , some House Republicans are saying privately that they ’d rather “ let the markets crash ” than sign on to a massive bailout .
“ For the sake of the altar of the free market system , do you accept a Great Depression ? ” the member asked .
President Bush ’s lame duck status , and his heavy hand in dealing with lawmakers in his own party for the last seven - plus years , is also coming back to haunt the White House , as House Republicans grumble that Bush is “ trying to tear up the Constitution ” by committing the federal government to such a massive intervention in the U.S. financial markets .
Paulson traveled to Capitol Hill Thursday night to see if he could get the negotiations back on track , but it was n’t clear if the he could be successful considering what occurred throughout the day .
a late - night meeting with lawmakers broke up with no deal .
Asked what Americans should know when they awake Friday morning , Paulson said : “ It ’s Friday . ”
Senior House Democrats slammed McCain and House GOP leaders for the breakdown in the discussions , claiming that they are pushing a proposal that Paulson and the White House have already rejected .
After a wild meeting at the White House , House Financial Service Committee Chairman Barney Frank ( D - Mass . ) was asked whether the Congress and the president were close to a deal .
“ Yes and no , ” he said .
" We 're closer to a deal between House Democrats , Senate Democrats , Senate Republicans and the administration .
I cannot tell you , but we seem further away with the House Republicans because we thought we might have some differences of opinion over the president 's approach .
They 're now talking about a very different approach . "
Frank bashed McCain for becoming involved in the bailout talks , suggesting he was doing it only for political gain in the presidential race .
" I think Sen. McCain was hurting politically on the economic issue , " Frank just told reporters .
" I think this was a campaign ploy for Sen. McCain .
I think they then had this problem that there might not have been enough of a deadlock for him to resolve .
I do n't know what motivated what , but the next thing we know , he 's in a position , frankly , where he 's making it harder to get things done rather than negotiate differences .
" He 's slowed it down , I do n't know whether he caused it or what , " Frank said .
" We are trying to put it back together . "
House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer ( D - Md. ) reiterated that Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) will not bring any bailout plan to the floor that does not have bipartisan support .
Pelosi and House Minority Leader John Boehner ( R - Ohio ) held their own discussions of Thursday night .
" This needs to be bipartisan .
If it 's gonna pass , it needs to be bipartisan , " Hoyer said .
" We need to have significant bipartisan support if this is gonna pass . "
House Republicans , of course , have their own take on what happened .
They blame Frank and Sen. Christopher Dodd ( D - Conn. ) , chairman of the Senate Banking Committee , for trying to force through an agreement lacking bipartisan backing once they knew McCain had suspended his presidential campaign in order to return to Washington .
Republicans said it was a blatant attempt by Democrats to deny McCain – and House Republicans - a role in the discussions .
" There is an agreement between Sen. Dodd and Chairman Frank , " said Michael Steel , spokesman for House Minority Leader John Boehner ( R - Ohio ) .
Steel reiterated that Rep. Spencer Bachus ( R - Ala . ) — who , as ranking member of the House Financial Service Committee participated in talks on the compromise — " was n't empowered to negotiate " any agreement on behalf of other House Republicans .
House Republicans also complained privately that the Treasury Department has refused to supply them with technical help needed to draft their own detailed alternative plan , leading to a delay in releasing a counter - proposal that conservative Republicans can rally around .
On Thursday afternoon , Reps. Eric Cantor ( R - Va. ) , Paul Ryan ( R - Wis. ) and Jeb Hensarling ( R - Texas ) introduced a series of “ principles ” that House Republicans want to see incorporated in any bailout plan .
Boehner then surprised Bush and Houses and Senate Democratic leaders when – in the middle of a meeting at the White House -- he introduced those principles as a conservative alternative to Paulson ’s bailout plan .
Aides to the conservative trio began drafting the principles Wednesday afternoon , before McCain changed the dynamic by announcing his intent to return to Washington .
The plan , which has not been transformed into legislation , seeks to insure mortgage - backed assets at prices and premiums set by the government , creating a virtual backstop for all the debt .
This would not require an initial outlay of taxpayers ’ funds in the neighborhood of Paulson 's $ 700 billion .
But the Treasury Department has expressed concerns about whether an insurance model would provide the economy with the immediate stimulus it needs .
And taxpayers would have to foot the cost for a major financial slide because the government would be required to make up those losses .
Utah Sen. Bob Bennett – who participated in Thursday ’s bi-partisan , bicameral meeting at the Capitol – said he did n’t know Thursday morning that House Republicans were working on their own plan .
It ’s not clear whether McCain supports the new House GOP plan principles .
Dodd said after the White House meeting that he did , but Frank said McCain had n’t answered when asked .
The McCain campaign issued a statement saying it was “ optimistic ” that McCain “ will bring House Republicans on board without driving other parties away , resulting in a successful deal for the American taxpayers . ”
But conservative Republicans in the House – and some in the Senate , such as Richard Shelby of Alabama – remain angry over the prospect of a massive government bailout .
“ The Republican Party right now is fractured , " said one GOP member who did n't want to be named .
“ ’ Fractured ’ is not even the right word ... Human nature is taking over . "
This Republican lawmaker said that " there are two or three groups trying to write their own bill , which is virtually impossible .
Six or seven of these guys get together and think they can write their own bill . ”
The Republicans taking the lead in crafting new bills , this lawmaker said , are the members who hew most closely to free - market ideology and do n’t want to see the government dump hundreds of billions of dollars into a Wall Street bailout .
Rep. Mike Pence ( R - Ind. ) is one of the House Republicans pushing for a free market solution to the financial crisis .
Pence said that he 's working on his own package – one that would include loan guarantees instead of money to purchase assets .
He said he 's also exploring using some money for a fund to insure loans , but to keep them on the books of the banks .
Pence , for one , said he was glad to have the GOP ’s presidential candidate on the case .
“ I think we ’re encouraged to see John McCain on Capitol Hill .
With the possible exception of Ted Kennedy , he ’s the most accomplished legislator over the last 25 years , " he said .
“ He has a deep commitment to free market values ...
He ’s not shy .
From the perspective of House Republicans , he ’s the right man to have around . ”
( Natural News ) Eighty percent of all surgical - site infections that occur after face lifts are caused by methicillin - resistant Staphylococcus aureus ( MRSA ) , according to a study conducted by researchers from the Lennox Hill - Manhattan Eye , Ear , and Throat Hospital and published in the MRSA , an antibiotic - resistant form of the common " staph " infection , has already become the leading organism responsible for skin , soft tissue , and surgical - site infections in the United States in general .
Due to its higher virulence and resistance to the most common first - line antibiotics , MRSA kills three times as many patients as more conventional S. aureus infections .
In the current study , researchers sought to determine if MRSA infection is as prevalent among post - face - lift infections as among surgical - site infections in general .
Only one prior study , conducted more than 10 years ago , has been conducted on surgical - site infection rates for face lifts ..
The researchers reviewed the medical charts of 780 patients who had undergone a deep - plane rhytidectomy between January 2001 and January 2007 .
All patients had been treated by a single surgeon at the same outpatient center .
Some of the patients also had other cosmetic surgical procedures performed at the same time .
All patients underwent the same measures to prevent infection , including showering and washing their hair with chlorhexidine before the surgery , having their faces scrubbed with chlorhexidine and povidone - iodine immediately before the incision , and getting an intravenous dose of cefazolin sodium .
Patients also took oral antibiotics for seven days after the procedure .
Probably due to these protective measures , the overall rate of infection was very low , at 0.6 percent .
Eighty percent of those developing an infection , however , became infected with MRSA " For surgical site infections , the facial plastic surgeon should have a high suspicion for MRSA as the causative pathogen , " the researchers wrote .
The researchers suggested that the high rate of MRSA infection might arise from the fact that antibiotic - sensitive infections tend to be eliminated by the prophylactic antibiotic measures that patients typically undergo .
New York
In 1959 , the critic Clement Greenberg wrote that " the very best painting , the major painting , of our age is almost exclusively abstract . "
It was a tune Greenberg sang early and often .
He said similar things throughout the 1940s , and as late as 1967 insisted that " the very best art of this time continues to be abstract . "
Let 's leave ...
Paulson : U.S. Will Invest in Banks
UPDATED at 7:35 p.m.
In remarks to the media just concluded , Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson said the federal government will use the authority it has been granted by the $ 700 billion Wall Street bailout / rescue law to buy actual stakes in U.S. banks , in addition to merely buying troubled assets off their books .
The move is notable because it will give the federal government and , by extension , U.S. taxpayers , an actual ownership position in banks , effectively nationalizing them to a degree .
Under the original bailout / rescue plan , taxpayers would be only temporary owners of the troubled assets , which will be sold back into the private sector .
And , indeed , the newly announced ownership stake may be temporary , as well .
" We can use taxpayer money more effectively , more efficiently , it will go farther , they will get more for their dollars and more protection if we develop a standardized program " for buying equity stakes , Paulson said .
Paulson was asked if Treasury will spend more money buying the troubled assets or buying equity stakes .
" I 'm not willing to say anything today relative to the size of the two efforts , " he said .
Paulson would not commit to government backing of interbank lending -- probably the biggest thing gumming up the credit flow is the fact that banks are n't loaning money to each other because they do n't trust that they 'll get it back .
But the secretary acknowledged that the credit market -- measured by spreads -- is still frozen , despite the coordinated rate cut announced by several countries earlier this week .
" I look at the same spreads you do , " he said .
" I see the same things you do .
There 's more to do in the liquidity area . "
But Paulson added : " Remember : the program announced by the Fed has not been implemented yet . "
Paulson said the G - 7 statement issued following the meeting is less rambling than past statements .
" We said , ' Let 's have something that 's different , that 's to the point and that 's powerful . ' "
When asked how quickly the various rescue plans can be implemented , Paulson said : " Trust me , we are not wasting time .
People are working ' round the clock to deal with this . "
Here is Paulson 's statement .
-- Frank Ahrens .
October 10 , 2008 ; 7:32 PM
ET | Category : business
Previous : G - 7 : No Specifics for Global Credit Rescue | Next : Morning Briefing
Posted by : Brian | October 10 , 2008 6:55 PM
Posted by : Almost an ex-American | October 10 , 2008 6:59 PM
Posted by : Will in Seattle | October 10 , 2008 7:04 PM
Posted by : Better than what we had .. | October 10 , 2008 7:08 PM
Posted by : scullynv | October 10 , 2008 7:12 PM
Posted by : Bill in Portland | October 10 , 2008 7:14 PM
Posted by : Joseph | October 10 , 2008 7:15 PM
Posted by : Lionel Dyck | October 10 , 2008 7:16 PM
Posted by : Bill in Portland | October 10 , 2008 7:18 PM
Posted by : Post Revolution | October 10 , 2008 7:25 PM
Posted by : Post Revolution | October 10 , 2008 7:29 PM
Posted by : AR | October 10 , 2008 7:32 PM
Posted by : Steven Porchst | October 10 , 2008 7:34 PM
Posted by : Andy | October 10 , 2008 7:37 PM
Posted by : Kacoo | October 10 , 2008 7:38 PM
Posted by : Post Revolution | October 10 , 2008 7:42 PM
Posted by : Bill | October 10 , 2008 7:44 PM
Posted by : Joe | October 10 , 2008 7:49 PM
Posted by : Maddogg | October 10 , 2008 7:50 PM
Posted by : JPS | October 10 , 2008 7:51 PM
Posted by : Bill | October 10 , 2008 7:53 PM
Posted by : Post Revolution | October 10 , 2008 7:54 PM
Posted by : Old Coot | October 10 , 2008 7:54 PM
Posted by : Anonymous | October 10 , 2008 7:55 PM
Posted by : whatwhat | October 10 , 2008 7:56 PM
Posted by : New Dealer | October 10 , 2008 7:58 PM
Posted by : spiderman2 | October 10 , 2008 8:01 PM
Posted by : New Dealer | October 10 , 2008 8:01 PM
Posted by : Post Revolution | October 10 , 2008 8:02 PM
Posted by : Gary Gelormino | October 10 , 2008 8:10 PM
Posted by : Carl | October 10 , 2008 8:11 PM
Posted by : Post Revolution | October 10 , 2008 8:12 PM
Posted by : Post Revolution | October 10 , 2008 8:15 PM
Posted by : Anonymous | October 10 , 2008 8:20 PM
Posted by : eatbees | October 10 , 2008 8:23 PM
Posted by : Post Revolution | October 10 , 2008 8:25 PM
Posted by : Post Revolution | October 10 , 2008 8:27 PM
Posted by : DWayne | October 10 , 2008 8:29 PM
Posted by : Post Revolution | October 10 , 2008 8:30 PM
Posted by : Tommy Birchfield / Master 's Program , ETSU / Voter / VET USAF | October 10 , 2008 8:31 PM
Posted by : Anonymous | October 10 , 2008 8:36 PM
Posted by : Post Revolution | October 10 , 2008 8:40 PM
Posted by : DL | October 10 , 2008 8:46 PM
Posted by : leaand | October 10 , 2008 8:51 PM
Posted by : Post Revolution | October 10 , 2008 8:53 PM
Posted by : Post Revolution | October 10 , 2008 8:59 PM
Posted by : smc | October 10 , 2008 9:14 PM
Posted by : Futurejumps | October 10 , 2008 9:18 PM
Posted by : Anonymous | October 10 , 2008 9:30 PM
Posted by : Anonymous | October 10 , 2008 9:44 PM
Posted by : ol john mccain | October 10 , 2008 9:47 PM
Posted by : Scooby | October 10 , 2008 10:08 PM
Posted by : Tom Quick | October 10 , 2008 10:09 PM
Posted by : Anonymous | October 10 , 2008 10:13 PM
Posted by : John | October 10 , 2008 10:14 PM
Posted by : Timo | October 10 , 2008 10:21 PM
Posted by : Faded Dreams | October 10 , 2008 10:27 PM
Posted by : cliffyworld | October 10 , 2008 10:31 PM
Posted by : David | October 10 , 2008 10:32 PM
Posted by : hanarietta | October 11 , 2008 1:07 AM
Posted by : Post Revolution | October 11 , 2008 3:12 AM
Posted by : Andy ( in France ) | October 11 , 2008 3:25 AM
Posted by : Anonymous | October 11 , 2008 6:05 AM
Posted by : Trouble | October 11 , 2008 9:17 AM
Posted by : Double Trouble | October 11 , 2008 9:55 AM
Posted by : Trouble | October 11 , 2008 10:09 AM
Posted by : IV | October 11 , 2008 10:14 AM
Posted by : IV | October 11 , 2008 10:15 AM
Posted by : Anonymous | October 11 , 2008 11:56 AM
Posted by : cliffyworld | October 11 , 2008 11:59 AM
Posted by : Post Revolution | October 11 , 2008 4:33 PM
Posted by : Post Revolution | October 12 , 2008 5:12 AM
Posted by : Post Revolution | October 12 , 2008 9:56 AM
Posted by : Post Revolution | October 12 , 2008 10:15 AM
Posted by : Post Revolution | October 12 , 2008 10:19 AM
Posted by : Post Revolution | October 12 , 2008 12:47 PM
Posted by : Post Revolution | October 12 , 2008 2:42 PM
Posted by : Post Revolution | October 12 , 2008 10:06 PM
Posted by : Post Revolution | October 12 , 2008 10:38 PM
Posted by : P.S. | October 12 , 2008 10:41 PM
Posted by : Anonymous | October 12 , 2008 10:45 PM
Posted by : Sheldon | October 12 , 2008 11:56 PM
Posted by : specialdeputy | October 13 , 2008 4:56 AM
Posted by : Anonymous | October 13 , 2008 4:59 AM
Posted by : Post Panic | October 13 , 2008 7:28 AM
Posted by : Anonymous | October 13 , 2008 7:48 AM
Posted by : Vigdor Burack | October 14 , 2008 2:23 PM
Posted by : Ray | October 19 , 2008 5:24 AM
The comments to this entry are closed .
“ The biggest hit will be in 2009 , ” Nariman Behravesh , the chief economist of Global Insight , a research and forecasting firm , told me , “ and it probably wo n’t be until 2011 until we see any kind of pay gains . ”
What will make this recession different , no matter how deep or shallow it is , is that it ’s following an expansion in which most families received little or no raise .
The median household made $ 50,200 last year , slightly less than the $ 50,600 that the equivalent household earned in 2000 , according to the Census Bureau .
That ’s the first time on record that income failed to set a new record in an economic expansion .
Why has it happened ?
There is no single cause .
Medical costs have risen rapidly , which means that health insurance premiums take up a bigger chunk of workers ’ paychecks than they used to .
Some of this money goes to good use ; it pays for treatments that were n’t available even a few years ago .
But some of it , the part that disappears into the inefficient American health care system , is clearly wasted .
And in the last couple of years , the value of the typical worker ’s benefits package has stopped growing .
Since 2005 , benefits packages have become slightly smaller , notes Jared Bernstein of the Economic Policy Institute .
So health benefits can’t come close to explaining the recent pay stagnation .
The bigger factors are probably some combination of the following : new technologies , global trade , slowing gains in educational attainment , the rise of single - parent families , the continued decline in unionization and the sharp increase in inequality , which has concentrated income gains at the top of the ladder .
Your political views will probably determine the relative weights that you assign to those causes .
Economic research has n’t yet definitively answered the question .
Whatever the cause , though , the effects of the pay slump are going to be significant .
Households have already begun to cut back their spending , and they will do so even more next year .
Mr. Behravesh predicts that inflation - adjusted consumer spending in 2009 will be somewhere between flat and down 1 percent .
If he ’s right , it would be the first year that consumer spending did n’t grow since 1980 , which just happens to be the last time that the country suffered through a deep recession .
The pay slump will also make it harder for people to pay off their loans .
Last week , Bank of America reported that its losses on consumer credit had tripled over the last year .
Paisley , Scotland - September 04 , 2008 - A new study found that trained sexologists could infer a woman 's history of vaginal orgasm by observing the way she walks .
The study is published in the September 2008 issue of The Journal of Sexual Medicine , the official journal of the International Society for Sexual Medicine and the International Society for the Study of Women 's Sexual Health .
Led by Stuart Brody of the University of the West of Scotland in collaboration with colleagues in Belgium , the study involved 16 female Belgian university students .
Subjects completed a questionnaire on their sexual behavior and were then videotaped from a distance while walking in a public place .
The videotapes were rated by two professors of sexology and two research assistants trained in the functional - sexological approach to sexology , who were not aware of the women 's orgasmic history .
The results showed that the appropriately trained sexologists were able to correctly infer vaginal orgasm through watching the way the women walked over 80 percent of the time .
Further analysis revealed that the sum of stride length and vertebral rotation was greater for the vaginally orgasmic women .
" This could reflect the free , unblocked energetic flow from the legs through the pelvis to the spine , " the authors note .
There are several plausible explanations for the results shown by this study .
One possibility is that a woman 's anatomical features may predispose her to greater or lesser tendency to experience vaginal orgasm .
According to Brody , " Blocked pelvic muscles , which might be associated with psychosexual impairments , could both impair vaginal orgasmic response and gait . "
In addition , vaginally orgasmic women may feel more confident about their sexuality , which might be reflected in their gait .
" Such confidence might also be related to the relationship (s ) that a woman has had , given the finding that specifically penile - vaginal orgasm is associated with indices of better relationship quality , " the authors state .
Research has linked vaginal orgasm to better mental health .
The study provides some support for assumptions of a link between muscle blocks and sexual function , according to the authors .
They conclude that it may lend credibility to the idea of incorporating training in movement , breathing and muscle patterns into the treatment of sexual dysfunction .
" Women with orgasmic dysfunction should be treated in a multi- disciplinary manner " says Irwin Goldstein , Editor - in - Chief of The Journal of Sexual Medicine .
" Although small , this study highlights the potential for multiple therapies such as expressive arts therapy incorporating movement and physical therapy focusing on the pelvic floor . "
###
This study is published in the September 2008 issue of The Journal of Sexual Medicine .
Media wishing to receive a PDF copy may contact medicalnews@bos.blackwellpublishing.net .
Stuart Brody , Ph.D. , is a professor in the Division of Psychology , School of Social Sciences at the University of the West of Scotland .
He can be reached for questions at stuartbrody@hotmail.com .
Irwin Goldstein , MD is Director of Sexual Medicine , Alvarado Hospital San Diego and Clinical Professor of Surgery at University of California San Diego .
He can be reached at San Diego Sexual Medicine 619-265-8865 .
Article : " A Woman 's History of Vaginal Orgasm is Discernible from Her Walk , " Aurelie Nicholas , Stuart Brody , Pascal De Sutter , François de Carufel , Journal of Sexual Medicine , September 2008 .
The Journal of Sexual Medicine is a peer - reviewed publication founded in 2004 and is the official journal of the International Society for Sexual Medicine , its five regional affiliated societies and the International Society for the Study of Women 's Sexual Health .
It publishes multi-disciplinary basic science and clinical research to define and understand the scientific basis of male and female sexual function and dysfunction .
The Journal carries an Impact Factor of 6.199 and is ranked by the Thomson ISI Journal Citation Reports as the # 1 urology publication in the Urology / Nephrology category worldwide .
For more info , please visit www.jsm.issm.info.
The International Society for Sexual Medicine ( ISSM ) was founded in 1982 for the purpose of promoting , throughout the international scientific community , research and knowledge in sexual medicine , considered as the subspecialty area of medicine that embraces the study , diagnosis and treatment of the sexual health concerns of men and women .
The society has over 2700 members worldwide , with five regional societies that are affiliated with ISSM : the Africa Gulf Society for Sexual Medicine , Asia Pacific Society for Sexual Medicine , European Society for Sexual Medicine , Latin American Society for Sexual Medicine , and Sexual Medicine Society of North America .
For more information please visit www.issm.info.
Ari Graynor is a Rising Star
, a 25 - year - old actress from Boston , Massachusetts , was first noticed as Caitlin Rucker on HBO's hit series " The Sopranos . "
Graynor , who is also a talented photographer , attended Buckingham Browne & Nichols , a private school in Cambridge , Massachusetts , and Trinity College in Hartford , Connecticut .
An accomplished New York stage actor , Graynor is gaining recognition for her role in the romantic comedy " Nick and Norah 's Infinite Playlist " as Caroline -- the hard - partying best friend of the film 's protagonist , Norah ( Kat Dennings ) .
Her performance is " fearless and funny , " notes Lisa Schwarzbaum at Entertainment Weekly .
Graynor ’s performance " threatens to steal most of her ( Dennings ) scenes , " writes Rick McGinnis at Metro News .
" Comic gold , " says Jeff Bayer at The Scorecard Review .
Other film credits include " Mystic River , " " Book Of Love , " " Game 6 , " " For Your Consideration , " and " An American Crime . "
Two upcoming projects " Youth in Revolt " and " Whip It " -- are slated for release in 2009 .
View trailer for " Nick and Norah 's Infinite Playlist " and more photos of Ari Graynor below .
New here ?
You may want updates via email or RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
I had lunch with my accountant the other day .
Sabino is more than a financial advisor to me — foremost , he 's a close friend .
I told him about my current circumstances , about how I 'm now making more as a writer than I did when I worked at the box factory , about how I 've been saving money , about how Kris and I are beginning to contemplate paying more on our mortgage .
“ How does it feel to be rich ? ” he asked me .
“ Has it changed you ? ”
“ What do you mean ? ” I said .
“ I 'm not rich . ”
But then I paused and thought about it .
“ Oh , ” I said .
“ Maybe I am . ”
I 've repaid my consumer debt .
I 've saved $ 10,000 for emergencies .
I 'm setting aside money for retirement .
I live in an 1800 square foot home on half an acre of land .
My wife and I are paying more than the required amount on our mortgage .
Though my income is variable ( and has dropped significantly in the past month ) , I make enough to support myself while doing something I love .
Kris has a stable job that she loves .
We own a lot of Stuff — so much Stuff , in fact , that I sometimes feel oppressed by it .
By any objective measure , I am rich .
“ Well , ” I said .
“ I guess being rich does n't feel much different than being poor .
I still worry about having enough to pay my bills .
Despite the fact that I have a huge cushion in savings , Kris and I strive to be frugal .
We 're always looking for new ways to save money . ”
I thought for a moment .
“ What about you ? ” I asked .
“ Do you feel rich ? ”
Sabino smiled .
“ You know how I 'm always joking about being a ‘ poor migrant worker ' ?
There 's some truth to that .
When I imagine myself , I 'm still the boy who came here from Mexico , still the boy who worked in the fields .
I 'm not the man who owns an accounting firm .
When I think of myself , I think of how poor I was , even though I 'm not poor any more . ”
I was fascinated .
When I considered it , I realized I agreed with him .
I , too , was raised in poverty , and now that my economic class has risen , I still have that mindset .
On some level , I know I 'm wealthy , yet I still think of myself as poor all of the time .
The truth is , I live in a nicer home than my parents ever owned .
I 've saved more money than they ever saved .
I earn more money than most people earn .
I have more Stuff than I 'll ever need .
I am rich .
Later , I told Kris about my conversation with Sabino .
“ Do you really feel poor all of the time ? ” she asked .
“ I do , ” I said .
“ I know it 's irrational .
I know I have more than 99 % of the world 's population , but I still feel poor .
It makes me wonder : What does it mean to be rich ? ”
“ Exactly , ” Kris said , and she told me about a conversation she had with her friend Rhonda today .
Kris had mentioned in an offhand way that she and Rhonda were rich .
“ I'm not rich , ” Rhonda said .
“ I still have to come to work every day . ”
When pressed , Rhonda elaborated , “ I have this concept of what it means to be rich .
Rich people keep buying Stuff .
They do n't think about what it means to consume in the way they 're consuming .
When I think of rich people , there 's a negative connotation .
That 's part of why I do n't want to be called rich .
Rich people are selfish .
The rich do n't care about other people . ”
Kris and Rhonda tried to decide :
Does being rich mean having a large income ?
Does it mean having a certain net worth ?
Are the rich selfish ?
Is being rich only a state of mind ?
Or is it something else entirely ?
Are two people with equal $ 100,000 / year incomes rich ?
What if one has $ 100,000 in credit card debt ?
Is he still rich ?
What if one has higher expenses because she has four children ?
Is she still rich ?
I think most of us would agree that a person with a $ 20,000 income and three kids is poor .
But what if somebody earns $ 20,000 a year , lives a frugal lifestyle , and is able to save $ 5,000 each year in a Roth IRA ?
If you have a small income but you 're a good saver , does that make you rich ?
Is this a bad thing ?
“ All this makes me think that money is n't the answer , ” I said after Kris told me her story .
“ It makes me think that being ‘ rich ' does n't have anything to do with how much money you have .
But what then does it mean to be rich ? “
Ostensibly , the aim of this blog is to get rich slowly .
My goal is to build wealth .
But what is wealth ?
What does it mean to be rich ?
If becoming rich is a goal , what does that mean to me , and to the people around me ?
Is it all about money ?
Or is there something more to the equation , some sort of social capital ?
Although I do n't write about them often , I ask myself questions like these all the time .
WASHINGTON 
The chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission , a longtime proponent of deregulation , acknowledged on Friday that failures in a voluntary supervision program for Wall Street ’s largest investment banks had contributed to the global financial crisis , and he abruptly shut the program down .
The S.E.C. ’s oversight responsibilities will largely shift to the Federal Reserve , though the commission will continue to oversee the brokerage units of investment banks .
Also Friday , the S.E.C. ’s inspector general released a report strongly criticizing the agency ’s performance in monitoring Bear Stearns before it collapsed in March .
Christopher Cox , the commission chairman , said he agreed that the oversight program was “ fundamentally flawed from the beginning . ”
“ The last six months have made it abundantly clear that voluntary regulation does not work , ” he said in a statement .
The program “ was fundamentally flawed from the beginning , because investment banks could opt in or out of supervision voluntarily .
The fact that investment bank holding companies could withdraw from this voluntary supervision at their discretion diminished the perceived mandate ” of the program , and “ weakened its effectiveness , ” he added .
New Scientist Reacts !
Posted by John Baez
You may recall Greg Egan ’s plea to save the magazine New Scientist from a rising tide of crackpottery after it published a glowing article about a propulsion system called the EmDrive .
According to its inventor , Roger Shawyer , this drive can push a rocket forwards by bouncing microwaves back and forth in a box .
The article did n’t mention that this violates conservation of momentum .
A bunch of us wrote emails to the magazine , with no apparent reaction .
Now they ’ve reacted !
New Scientist now has a blog thread on the Shawyer article .
It starts with a statement by the editor defending the article - see below .
I urge folks who sent email to New Scientist or comments on this blog to post them on the New Scientist blog .
That way , your opinions will be publicly visible .
But please : be polite , rational , and crystal - clear .
There ’s nothing to be gained by rudeness .
The New Scientist ’s blog thread on the Shawyer article starts with this statement by the editor : Editor ’s note
It is a fair criticism that New Scientist did not make clear enough how controversial Roger Shawyer ’s engine is .
We should have made more explicit where it apparently contravenes the laws of nature and reported that several physicists declined to comment on the device because they thought it too contentious .
But should New Scientist should have covered this story at all ?
The answer is a resounding yes : it is , after all , an ideas magazine .
That means writing about hypotheses as well as theories .
And let ’s not forget that Shawyer has experimental data that has convinced peer reviewers that he is onto something .
He believes he can explain his machine ’s behaviour in terms of existing physical laws , which is what the theorists contest .
The great thing is that Shawyer ’s ideas are testable .
If he succeeds in getting his machine flown in space , we will know soon enough if it is ground - breaking device or a mere flight of fancy .
Jeremy Webb , Editor , New Scientist
Posted at October 5 , 2006 4:15 PM UTC
Barack Obama 's grandmother , Madelyn Dunham , has died of cancer on the eve of the US presidential election .
She was a central figure in the early life of the Democratic candidate .
Mr Obama 's childhood was largely spent in the care of his grandparents Mrs Dunham and her late husband Stanley raised the young Barack in Hawaii for many years while his mother , who had remarried , lived abroad .
Known within the family as " Toot " , a shortened form of the Hawaiian word " tutu " meaning grandmother , she gave him a stable home and the traditional American values brought from her own Midwestern childhood .
She was also a trailblazer in her own right , having risen from a lowly position to be one of the first women vice - presidents of the Bank of Hawaii .
In a major speech on race he gave in March , Mr Obama described her as " a woman who helped raise me , a woman who sacrificed again and again for me , a woman who loves me as much as she loves anything in this world " .
She was also the " white grandmother " , he said , whom he could no more disown than he could his controversial African - American pastor , the Rev Jeremiah Wright .
She was the cornerstone of our family , and a woman of extraordinary accomplishment , strength and humility
Barack Obama and Maya Soetoro-Ng
Obama 's grandmother dies
The politics of bereavement
This was despite her being " a woman who once confessed her fear of black men who passed her by on the street , and who on more than one occasion has uttered racial or ethnic stereotypes that made me cringe " .
On the campaign trail he made references to how the 86 - year - old had instilled in him her belief in hard work , accountability and self - reliance .
Mrs Dunham was living in Honolulu , with Mr Obama 's half - sister , Maya Soetero - Ng , until she lost her battle with cancer on 3 November 2008 .
In a joint statement announcing her death , Mr Obama and his sister said : " She was the cornerstone of our family , and a woman of extraordinary accomplishment , strength and humility .
" She was the person who encouraged and allowed us to take chances . "
The news came 10 days after Mr Obama broke off campaigning in order to pay a last visit to Mrs Dunham in Hawaii .
Common sense Born Madelyn Payne in 1922 , the daughter of a Midwest oil company clerk , she was raised in Kansas and attended college at the University of Washington .
In 1940 she married Stanley Dunham , described by Mr Obama as something of a rebel , and during World War II worked as an aircraft inspector for Boeing .
She later studied at the University of California in Berkeley .
The couple moved to Honolulu in about 1960 with their daughter Ann .
Still in her teens ,
Ann would soon meet Mr Obama 's father , a student from Kenya at the University of Hawaii , fall pregnant and marry him .
After the marriage failed , Mrs Dunham and her husband helped raise their grandson , making financial sacrifices to send him to a better school .
In his autobiography , Dreams from My Father , Mr Obama describes his grandmother as " suspicious of overwrought sentiments or overblown claims , content with common sense " .
She was someone who " taught me values straight from the Kansas heartland " , he said in a campaign advertisement this year .
Mrs Dunham largely shunned the media spotlight turned on the family by Mr Obama 's emergence on to the national stage , granting few interviews .
But speaking to David Mendell of the Honolulu Advertiser newspaper for his book on Mr Obama , From Promise to Power , she talked of trying to instil her own work ethic in her grandson .
" I 'll admit that I did give him a few kicks in the pants , " she told Mendell .
" Not many , but a few . "
Following his mother 's death aged 52 from cancer , Mr Obama was left all the more reliant on Mrs Dunham for support from that side of his family .
Announcing that Mr Obama was to break off his general election campaign for two days in October to visit his grandmother , aide Robert Gibbs said she had " always been one of the most important people in his life " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Metalocalypse , which is in its second season as part of Cartoon Network ’s Adult Swim program slate , chronicles the misadventures of Dethklok , a death - metal band that sprang from the imagination of Brendon Small and cohort Tommy Blacha .
However , the group comes to life , sort of , during a Thursday , June 12 gig at the Gothic Theatre ( click here for the scoop ) – and Small , who ’ll be ripping killer riffs from his guitar at the concert , offers info about the performance and the show itself in an extended Q&A .
Small was trained as a musician , and he begins the conversation with anecdotes about the years he spent at the Berklee College of Music before tracing his unexpected transition into standup comedy .
Next , he details his discovery by Loren Bouchard , producer of the late , lamented animated program Dr. Katz , Professional Therapist ; their co-creation of another Adult Swim project , Home Movies ; his confusion following the latter ’s cancellation , which he attempted to dull by immersing himself in metal ; his subsequent realization that he could combine two of his principal loves with Metalocalypse ; the development of an in - concert variation on Dethklok ; the first Dethklok tour , which plunged And They Will Know Us By the Trail of Dead , a prominent indie - rock band , into a no - win situation ; and the pride he takes in introducing America ’s youth to the pleasures of the goriest , most visceral sound around .
Are you listening , Nobel Peace Prize committee ?
Westword ( Michael Roberts ) : I understand that you attended the Berklee College of Music .
Is that right ?
Brendon Small :
That ’s correct .
WW : What kind of music did you focus on there ?
BS : I do n’t think I focused on any kind of music .
That ’s the thing when you go to that school .
You focus on everything .
What I had was a guitar identity crisis when I was there .
I studied tons of cool stuff .
It ’s just that it was all over the map .
One day I ’d have a jazz chord lab , and right after that there ’d be a country lab .
All that stuff is super - cool stuff to learn .
You ’d learn how to do jazz chord solos and then pedal - steel kind of things .
You just keep learning all this stuff .
I think the stuff I really benefited from were the theory and harmony classes , which are some of my favorite things .
Just chord theory , harmony theory and stuff like that .
There ’s kind of a standard curriculum that you follow , and then you start taking classes in things you drift toward .
So I guess my major was professional music with a concentration in composition and performance – and I did n’t even know that .
It just turned out that the classes I kept adding to my schedule ended up being composing and being able to play in front of people .
WW : Did you come into school thinking I ’m going to be this kind of a guitarist and come out thinking either I ’m a completely different kind of guitarist than I thought I ’d be or I do n’t know what kind of guitarist I am ?
BS : Yeah .
I did n’t know what I was going to do .
I thought the idea of making a living as a guitar player was fantasy even though I ’m into that .
I just wanted to study music to see if I could possibly get into film scoring or writing music for TV or things like that .
I think that ’s what I thought would probably be a future for me , but I really did n’t know what I was going to get out of it .
I knew I really liked guitar , and I really liked technical guitar playing , and I liked metal and shred stuff .
And by the time I finally started getting that stuff to work under my fingers , it became desperately uncool to play that stuff .
They were omitting guitar solos from songs entirely , and I was like , “ What the fuck is going on here ?
All this work and now , nothing .
Maybe someday it ’ll come back in a different form and I ’ll be able to get my fingers moving again .
But until then , I guess I ’ll learn all this theory . ”
WW : Berklee is n’t a school renowned for having a lot of funny students .
Most of the people who go there take music very , very seriously .
Did you stand out as a result of that ?
BS : Well , there ’s a certain group that has a pretty good sense of humor , and there ’s a bunch of people who take themselves incredibly seriously .
And Berklee was a really strange place .
It was a bunch of hometown heroes .
If you were a jazz king or a shred king or whatever , they ’d all end up in the same room and they ’d be like the opposite sides of magnets hanging out together .
It was n’t all that social of a school .
Musicians , instead of getting good at being social and meeting people , they got good at their instruments .
So I found myself hanging out with people at Emerson College , which was a nearby communications school .
But they were like doing film production and all kinds of different writing and acting and stuff , and I ’d wind up scoring their projects .
Writing music for their stuff and acting in their projects and writing and all that .
And I ’d be like , “ What am I doing in music school ?
This is where I think I want to be , in this kind of production facility and acting and that kind of stuff .
It ’s really fun , and I can still do the music . ”
I always thought if I was going to do a project in the future , I ’d do all the stuff myself – write it , create it , produce it , and do the music .
WW : During that same period , you also wound up drifting toward standup comedy …
BS : Yeah .
The other thing about music school is , it ’s a tough thing , and there ’s no way getting around this : the rate of learning versus what you can physically do are two different tracks , two different speeds .
WW : Mentally , you can understand things more quickly than you can make your fingers do them ?
BS : Exactly .
I remember , just for example , one class .
Some guy very articulately explained the theory of John Coltrane ’s tonic system , this soloing system he used in “ Giant Steps , ” which is this mind - boggling thing at the time and still is .
He said , “ This is what he ’s doing and this is how he did it .
He went away for six years and woodshedded this kind of theory and got it under his fingers so he could do it in every key and transpose it and do all these different interpolations of it . ”
So I got that thing , and it ’s like understanding the notion and the laws of conjugating verbs in French .
I understand , but if you ’d drop me off in France , I ’d be dead .
I would n’t know how to find a restroom .
I ’d use the restroom in my pants .
And that ’s how the music was .
There was all this amazing shit , and you ’d be like , “ I have to sit down and work on this . ”
So your focus is being pulled from place to place .
I learned a lot of stuff and I thought , I need to start applying this shit .
But you know what ?
I ’m turning into a real wise ass .
I spent a summer interning at jingle houses in New York before my last year of music school , and that also taught me that I ca n’t just be in post - production .
I ca n’t work for a bunch of miserable ad executives who do n’t know shit about music and ca n’t articulate what they want this thing to sound like .
I spent a summer there , and there were all these really great composers working at these jingle houses .
But I thought , I ca n’t have these guys pushing me around .
I ’ll burn every bridge .
I know myself .
And also , I ’m too much of a control freak .
I want to be the guy who ’s pushing me around .
I want to be the ad exec and I want to be the guy pushing myself as a musician .
I ’d rather not have it any other way .
And meanwhile , my roommate was interning at Conan O’Brien at the time , while I was interning in Queens that summer .
And I was just so jealous of him .
Every day .
I ’d watch the show he got to be a part of at nighttime , and he ’d talk to me about how these sketches were made and how they got all the props and this and that and what he had to go and do and what his involvement was , and I just thought , this is the world I want to be in .
I was just drawn to comedy from when I was eight years old and first saw Monty Python and the Holy Grail and Sleeper by Woody Allen and all of that stuff – the Marx Brothers and all that shit .
So I was like , I have to do something with this now .
I started writing a lot of comedy , writing every day and it was horrible , and then it finally got better , and I finally picked a day and I was like , I ’m going to go onstage and see how I do .
And I ’ll either do well or I ’ll bomb , but either way , I ’ll get up onstage again and either do well or bomb , and I ’ll keep doing that until I get good .
WW : How long did it take for that happen ?
BS : Well , what happens in standup is your first night is going to be great .
The host will say , “ This is his first time onstage , ” and the audience will be with you .
The audience ’s mentality is , they want you to succeed , they want you to be funny .
They do n’t want to feel weird in your awkward presence .
They want you to do well .
So your first night ’s going to be a good night .
Your second night , however , you ’re fucked .
And after that , each night , it ’s up to you how you would do .
It was hard .
I ’d have one good night and five bad nights and then a medium night or whatever .
I did n’t know what I was doing .
Your objectivity is out the window when you ’re doing standup .
You do n’t know how to behave , how to carry yourself .
For me , I started pretending that I was calm .
I was like , I ’m going to act like a guy who ’s calm onstage and eventually , hopefully I ’ll become calm – but if I can make the audience feel I have no nervousness , that ’ll be great , even though it was something I definitely had at the time .
Even at music school , in front of juries and all this stuff , I ’d blow it by being way too nervous : breaking strings from pressing too hard , you know .
But I got over all that stuff , and not even a year into my standup career , I got very lucky and got this opportunity .
I performed in front of one of the producers of this show Dr. Katz [ Loren Bouchard ] .
It was kind of a random occurrence that he was in the audience , and afterward , he said , “ Hey , I ’m putting this new show together and I ’m looking for local talent .
Are you interested in doing something like that ? ”
And I said , “ Absolutely , ” and I ended up co-creating the show with him .
WW : And that was Home Movies ?
BS : That was Home Movies , and I was 23 at the time .
It was a very lucky break .
I was very young and I had n’t even been doing standup for that long .
But he saw me on a good night .
I ’d had five bad nights before it .
WW : So if he ’d shown up the previous week , it would have been a very different story .
BS : He would ’ve had a very different view of me .
But he saw me on a good night and I let him believe that ’s how funny I was every night , and I saw that as an opportunity .
We ended up becoming good friends and worked together in building the show and doing four seasons of it , and I got to do music for it and learn a lot of productions things .
You just keep learning .
WW : You talked about wanting to do everything .
Did you find that animation was a good format for that ?
Did you discover that you could write music and portray a whole range of characters ?
BS : Absolutely , and I had no idea I ’d ever be involved in it .
I liked animation , I was always fascinated by it , but I was never made the mission of statement that I ’m going to become a guy who does animation exclusively .
I thought I wanted to do live action , I thought I wanted to do , like , a sketch show , a Monty Python kind of a show , something like that .
That ’s where I always thought my mentalities would lead me .
But it turns out that this is a pretty cool place to be .
You can do everything you want to do and more , and get away with a lot .
I do n’t think Dethklok could work in live action .
Home Movies , I do n’t think it would ’ve worked , either .
You could n’t cast the kids right .
In animation , they can stay that age together .
And Dethklok , I think the only reason it is interesting is because it ’s not real .
WW : Where did the idea for the current show come from ?
BS : It came from my love for metal .
After Home Movies , I had a couple of years where I was trying to figure out what my next project was .
I sold another show to Sci -Fi Network , and I thought it would be the next big thing ; I thought it would be really cool .
I really liked that show , but they twiddled their thumbs and it went away – and that was disappointing to me .
I was like , “ Oh shit , why did they do that ? ”
WW : That was The Barbarian Chronicles ?
BS : Right .
I ’d done a really fun script for it and I thought it had a life .
But they thought they wanted to do an Adult Swim ripoff model , and Adult Swim had something that was somewhat similar to this but different enough , and that did n’t end up getting off the ground , either .
And then I just started going to metal shows , because I was so happy that people were playing their guitars again .
Like I was saying earlier , I hated it when people stopped being virtuoso shred masters on guitars .
I just love the way that sounds , and I love to see guitarists being good at what they do .
I like people to be good at their jobs .
So I was really happy seeing people playing their guitars like that again , and the drummers and everything .
Everything was getting better produced : just heavier .
And I was fascinated by everything from the Scandinavian scene to the American death - metal scene and all the European stuff .
And that ’s all I would do .
I ’d go with my friend Tommy , who ended up being a writer on Conan O’Brien around the time my other friend was interning there .
I found that out later on .
But he was the only guy in the comedy world who ’d talk metal with me and go to see shows .
We ’d show up at parties together and we ’d wind up together talking about , “ Did you hear about this band ? ” and this and that – and “ Well , they ’re playing tomorrow night .
They ’re super - heavy .
They ’re from this place , and they only sing about Egyptian stuff . ”
“ Okay , let ’s go ! ”
And we ’d go and love it .
The world is a grandiose , awesome world , and you can joke about it if you want to , but the thing that attracted us was , these are people who ’ve brought something back to music that ’s been gone for a really long time – since the ‘ 70s , I think – which is an amazing live show that ’s super - dramatic and scary .
It ’d give you a scary feeling sometimes , which is cool .
I love horror films , so it all kind of fits into the same place .
So I was telling this friend of mine who works on this show The Venture Bros. about how all I ’m doing these days is metal , all I care about is this , and I do n’t know what my next job is going to be .
And he was like , “ I ca n’t believe you have n’t tried to pitch a show about a metal band . ”
And I was like , “ I kind believe you had to tell me that .
I kind believe you had to say that . ”
I was sitting there trying to pitch shows and do the Hollywood shuffle and take meetings and all this bullshit when the only thing I was into was the perfect thing for me right then .
WW : Your love for the music definitely comes through .
You recognize that it ’s ripe for satire , but you come at it from an affectionate place rather than looking down on it …
BS : Well , if you ’re going to do a show , you live , eat and breathe a show .
I do n’t think we ’re making fun of metal .
I think what we ’re making fun of in this show is celebrity - ism .
We do n’t treat this like a metal band .
We treat it like five narcissistic celebrities who ca n’t tie their own shoe , make their own dinner .
They do n’t know where their socks are , they ’re not sure what day of the week it is , they definitely do n’t know what time it is .
These are people who ca n’t do anything for themselves .
They ’re gigantic babies in the way that celebrities are , and that ’s where we ’re coming at it from .
People are fascinated by reality shows and celebrities and they ’re usually incredibly dumb douche bags who have no impact on the world other than , like , “ Look how stupid I ’m capable of being . ”
And we thought that was funny .
But the cool part is , they get to be in a death metal band .
WW : So their redeeming quality is , they can shred .
BS : Yes .
And as we go through , we make them tough and you see their harder exterior in the first season – and I think you get to see what they ’re really like in the second season .
Still , they are narcissistic , self - serving egomaniacs , but there ’s a softer side to them as well .
And I think it still rings true for all of them , and it makes sense for us .
I think if you ’d make a show that would just make fun of metal , it ’d last an episode , maybe two .
I think if you have a show that ’s satirizing celebrities and gets to be about metal , for me that show is endless .
WW : Did you have the idea of putting together a live Dethklok show from the very beginning ?
Or was that kind of a sudden , midstream brainstorm ?
BS : It was like in the first week of development .
I think we developed everything in four or five days – what the whole future of the show was going to be like .
Because Home Movies got cancelled , and your job can just be taken away from you .
You ’re like , “ Hey , that ’s my job , ” and the ratings are n’t doing well , and they say , “ We ’re not going to keep putting money into that .
We have to put on something that gets better ratings .
We have sponsors and it ’s a business . ”
And I ’m like , “ Okay , I get it . ”
And my whole thing with Dethklok is , I ’m going to have a song in every show and I ’m going to work hard – I ’m going to write all the incidental music , the score , and I ’m going to have a song in every episode , and at the end of each season , I ’m going to put out a record .
Because I want the show to live in an audio format , and if the show ever did get cancelled , I could keep putting out records and the band could continue existing and find its audience .
You know , it does n’t cost that much to put out a record .
It costs about half of one episode .
Shows are far more expensive , you have so many more mouths to feed .
But with a record , it ’s me and an engineer and a drummer doing the record .
It ’s three people , you know .
And for a show , it ’s forty - something people , and they ’ve all got rent and they need to be fed and need clothes and all that stuff .
So I was like , I ’d like to be able to do that .
I do n’t know how much the network knew about that .
They were like , “ If you do put out a record , you must be able to tour live , even if it ’s a cartoon band . ”
And , well , the Gorillaz did it .
I do n’t know if it was the best incarnation of it , but that was the starting place – and how do we get from there to somewhere else ?
That was the whole starting point .
WW : Those are the big questions , obviously .
Do the real musicians perform in shadows and you have projections of the cartoons over them ?
And if not , what do you do ?
What were some of the various options you ran through before arriving at your current format ?
BS : Well , the first thing was , I wanted to make sure I would n’t dress up like the characters , and I did n’t want to get lookalikes to do stuff .
I think the one thing that makes this band interesting is , they do n’t exist .
I think that ’s the one thing that makes the band cool .
I like bands to be larger than life , to be unattainable .
If a band is wearing the same pants and shirt that I am onstage and he looks like me , I do n’t think that ’s necessarily too cool .
Anybody can do that .
So I want this band to continue to be a cartoon .
I do n’t want us onstage to look like the band .
I want it to sound like the band .
I want us to be a pit orchestra to the real show , which is this big animated movie screen above us .
And we are in shadow .
You can see that there are people generating this music .
The part of the Gorillaz thing that I do n’t think worked is , you could never see the musicians .
They were playing behind scrims , and I think at that point , you kind of lose interest .
You ’re like , I want to put a face to this .
Is this live ?
Is this the real group of people who played on the record ?
All of that stuff .
And I wanted to make sure you could see the guy who does the voice is present .
There ’s not a spotlight on me , because the show is much bigger than me , and I ’m not interested in plastering my face all over stuff , because I think that ’s kind of a letdown .
So that ’s the idea .
We have four people onstage .
I ’m doing vocals and guitar .
I have an amazing group of musicians playing with me .
They ’re just outstanding , and I feel incredibly comfortable with them .
I think they ’re three of the best musicians out there , to be honest .
And also , I did n’t want to just show a bunch of animated clips running from song to song , but to have a little bit of story , with a beginning , a middle and an end .
Like a Universal Studios ride , like the Terminator 2 ride where you come in and it ’s like , “ There ’s a breach and something terrible just happened ! ”
Something just stupid enough to get you in there so you can have fun , and then enough of an ending so it makes sense .
And comedy sketches in between songs while we ’re switching out guitars and stuff .
But constantly moving , where the songs are happening fast , and a good length of show , too .
I think that ’s important .
I ’ve gone to so many metal shows and so many rock shows where I ’ve been like , “ Okay , you guys have worn out your welcome – and I like you . ”
At the hour point , I ’m ready to fucking split .
I do n’t care of you play that song I was here to see at this point .
I ’m just tired .
I think the trick is leave them wanting more , and I think we ’ve done a good job of ordering and arranging things .
Because you ’ve got to leave them wanting more .
Like I said , the worst thing you can do is wear out your welcome .
If you ’re my ultimate guitar hero , I want to see you play less than you think you should play .
Do n’t worry about ticket price .
People want to be wowed , and they want to see you again next time and have it be a brand new show .
That ’s the way I feel .
Our show is under an hour , and I think it ’s a really good length .
That combined with comedy and these kind of palate - cleansing moments is what we ’re shooting for .
The ultimate description of the show for me , what I ’ve been saying to everyone is , “ It ’s like a big , stupid ride – but with murder . ”
If you do n’t like metal , I think you ’ll get a kick out of everything .
Because we ’re always trying to get people excited about metal , and that ’s what the show ’s been doing .
That ’s been very cool .
Having people say , “ Hey , I like Dethklok .
What other kind of stuff is like that ? ”
We have these amazing bands with us , too .
WW : On your last tour , you went out with a well known indie band , And You Will Know Us By the Trail of Dead .
Did that bill draw a bizarre mix of people : indie - rock fans , but also death metal fans and Adult Swim fans ?
BS : I ’ll tell you what happened .
I like that band , Trail of Dead , and have their records – but I had no say in them being a part of the show .
It was just somebody who said , “ Hey , they ’re on the show . ”
And I ’m like , “ They ’re not a metal band .
We ’re hoping to go out with a metal band .
A band that ’s in the same genre .
If you have two different kinds of bands , I ’m predicting two things will happen . ”
First of all , I knew we were opening for them , and I knew what our show was going to be like – and I was like , “ This is going to be a really hard show to follow .
We ’ve got video , these loud sounds , and then we ’re going to have an indie - rock band on .
It ’s just going to be hard for them to follow if you look at the technical aspects of each show .
Ours has big video , a big story and a huge ending , so I think our audience is going to leave after we play .
And we have a TV show , so I think our audience is going to be bigger . ”
People did n’t know how big Dethklok could be or not be at this point .
They thought , it ’s just a stupid TV show .
But our record had just come out and it was selling really well .
And then the other thing was like , even if they open for us , I just think they ’re going to get booed throughout the whole show – and that ’s pretty much what happened .
It was n’t the same audience .
It was some dude who did n’t know what he was doing who put it together .
I think he was a fan of the show and he had a girlfriend who liked this band or whatever and put them on the thing .
They were all incredibly cool dudes , but it was a real mismatch , which is something I really wanted to iron out for this tour .
WW : Who are you touring with this time around ?
BS : We ’re with two bands that are incredibly awesome .
One of them is a band from Louisiana called Soilent Green .
This doom rock band .
They ’re really cool , they ’ve been around for a long time , and they ’re a legendary metal band .
And then there ’s this band called Chimaira , from Ohio .
We just did our first show with them last night , and man , they were ready for it .
They were so good .
They just get the audience going , and I think it ’s really cool for newcomers to metal to come to a Dethklok show – for these kids who are just getting into metal to come see these bands and get blown away by them before they even see us .
I think it ’s going to be a really fun , cool thing .
WW : It sounds like one of the things you ’re happiest about is that people are n’t coming to the shows thinking , “ Let ’s make fun of this ” but “ Let ’s get into this . ”
BS : Yeah .
The majority of the fan mail I get has been like , “ I do n’t think I like metal at all , and I definitely do n’t like death metal , but I really like Dethklok a lot .
I ’ve been listening to this record .
What else is like this ?
Introduce me to some new metal .
I think I ’ve got a flavor for it now . ”
There ’s been this curiosity factor that ’s happening , and I like that , because I like the bands we put on the show and the bands that we involve ourselves with are some of my favorite bands .
And they ’re hard workers and all of that stuff .
It makes me happy that people are getting into what we ’re doing .
RAMALLAH , West Bank ( Reuters ) - Israel freed nearly 200 Palestinian prisoners to a hero ’s welcome in the West Bank on Monday , seeking to bolster President Mahmoud Abbas as Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice began a new peace mission .
Making her seventh visit to Israel and the Palestinian territories this year in the long - shot U.S. effort to secure a peace agreement by December , Rice welcomed the release as “ something that matters a lot to the Palestinians . ”
She said she still aimed for a peace deal before President George W. Bush leaves office in January but played down chances of any partial accord in time for the September U.N. General Assembly .
“ It ’s extremely important just to keep making forward progress rather than trying prematurely to come to some set of conclusions , ” Rice told reporters as she flew to Tel Aviv .
“ We continue to have the same goal which is to reach agreement by the end of the year , ” Rice said .
She added later Washington was not pressuring the sides to “ bridge the gaps , ” and acknowledged it would be hard to strike a deal this year .
Earlier , several thousand Palestinians , many of them waving flags of Abbas ’s Fatah faction , turned out at the Palestinian Authority compound in the West Bank city of Ramallah to welcome the 198 prisoners , including four women , released by Israel .
“ There is no doubt that we seek peace and we are trying to seek our goals -- and there wo n’t be peace without the release of all prisoners , ” Abbas said at the celebration .
Some 11,000 Palestinians are in Israeli prisons and securing their release is a highly emotive issue in Palestinian society , which regards them as symbols of resistance to occupation .
The longest - serving Palestinian prisoner in Israeli custody , Said al - Atabeh , 57 , was among those freed .
“ This is a great joy for our mothers and our people but it remains a small step because we left behind us thousands of prisoners , ” Atabeh said .
Atabeh was arrested in 1977 and sentenced to life imprisonment after being convicted of involvement in bombings that killed an Israeli woman and wounded dozens of people .
“ It ’s not easy to release prisoners , especially prisoners that were involved directly in terrorist acts against innocent civilians , ” said Mark Regev , a spokesman for Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert .
BUILDING CONFIDENCE
About half of the prisoners on a release list published by Israel were to have completed their sentences next year , but 43 had at least five more years to serve .
Offences listed next to prisoners ’ names ranged from stone - throwing to shooting attacks .
Slideshow ( 16 images )
Regev said Israel was making a “ confidence - building ” gesture to Abbas that could boost Fatah after it lost control of the Gaza Strip to Hamas Islamists last year .
The release , Regev said , could “ serve to strengthen ” the peace process .
Few analysts believe Rice , who on Tuesday will see Olmert in Jerusalem , Abbas in Ramallah and hold a three - way meeting with their chief peace negotiators , can secure a major breakthrough .
Progress towards a peace deal has been hampered by violence , Israeli settlement expansion and political uncertainty in Israel stemming from a corruption scandal involving Olmert .
Slideshow ( 16 images )
In remarks on Friday , Israel ’s chief negotiator , Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni , cautioned against any outside pressure to paper over differences or try to achieve a deal that would fall short of the “ comprehensive agreement that we want to reach . ”
Livni is seen as the frontrunner in a Kadima party race to replace Olmert , undermined by the corruption scandal .
He has said he would resign after his successor is chosen .
Olmert could stay on for months as caretaker prime minister until a new government is formed , although many doubt that as a lame duck leader he would be able to put a peace deal in motion .
Speaking after Rice met separately with Livni and Ahmed Qurie , the chief Palestinian negotiator , a U.S. official said the Bush administration would work methodically toward a peace deal rather than making a dramatic , last - minute push .
“ We would not want to do that at the expense of losing the progress that is being made , ” the official , who asked not to be named , told reporters .
On the 15th anniversary of Nelson Mandela receiving the Nobel Peace Prize , South Africa is gaining attention for another world - friendly achievement .
This time , it 's an electric car from Cape Town - based Optimal Energy that 's grabbing headlines .
The Joule has been the darling of the Paris Auto Show , and it 's easy to see why .
The six - passenger car has a purported range of 250 miles , a 0 - 60 time of 4.8 seconds , and an out - of - nowhere backstory worthy of a Greg Gumble voiceover .
Edmunds Inside
Line reports that cost estimates are between $ 22,000 and $ 28,000 with an all - too - familiar release date of " somewhere in 2010 . "
Production will take place in South Africa and the finished product will consist of about 50 percent local content .
A strong addition to the 70 - strong staff at Optimal Energy is Keith Helfet .
Helfet is most famous for his designs of Jaguar 's F - type concept and XK220 and brings his expertise to South Africa 's nascent domestic car industry .
Optimal says the car has " simple , elegant lines and [ a ] self assured stance . "
We think it looks like a cross between a Nissan Murano and a guppy , and it 's C - pillar is more of a C - wall , but we still want one .
Video and more pictures after the jump .
We 're sure that the phrase " South African motoring " brings to mind mustached men in pith helmets crossing the Transvaal in their dusty beige Defenders .
That will all change if Joule is a success and South Africa gains a reputation as a home for carbon - friendly car manufacturing .
Optimal takes pride in their home - grown creation , which was partially funded by a $ 6 million grant from South Africa 's National Research Foundation 's innovation fund .
According to Optimal , the Joule has a number of options including two potential drivetrains : an electric motor turning the front wheels , or individual electric motors turning the rear or all four wheels .
Additionally , the car can be configured with either one or two removable lithium - ion battery packs for either a 125 or 250 mile range .
Standard equipment includes regenerative brakes and " all modern safety features such as side impact protection , ABS and airbags . "
So far , the reaction in Paris has been quite favorable , even though the car will be unavailable for media drives until " sometime in 2009 . "
Words like " practical , " " stylish , " and " real winner " appear in most reviews – probably due to the car 's relatively long range and six - passenger capacity .
The hometown press loves it .
We can only foresee a few problems with Optimal 's effort .
First , we wonder whether all those options will drive up the cost .
Joule says that the battery packs have seven year life spans and will be leased rather than sold , but we do n't know whether that cost is included in the price of the car .
Also , the car 's top speed is only 83 mph .
That 's more than adequate for most commuters , but we imagine these wo n't fly off the lots in Big Sky Country .
We also worry about any startup in the current credit climate , and hope the Joule is completed sooner than Cape Town 's infamous highway system .
Photos courtesy Optimal Energy , video courtesy YouTube user MotorCities .
On Wednesday a 5 acre marijuana farm located in Redwood National Park was raided by over 60 park rangers and other cooperating law enforcement officials .
The farm was located less than six miles away from the world ’s tallest tree .
It is the first major marijuana growing operation to have been found in the well - known park .
The marijuana farm was located near an area known as Redwood Creek and contained an estimated 9,564 plants .
They were immediately chopped down and removed by helicopter .
A drug operation such as this one can be very hazardous to the environment as chemicals and fertilizers can significantly pollute park habitats .
In a press release the National Park Service explained that “ a graphic information system specialist went in with the raid teams for the first time in NPS history to perform an immediate evaluation of the impacts to natural resources during the raid .
This documentation will be very beneficial for the restoration process . ” [ social_buttons ]
The plants growing on the illegal drug farm were estimated to be worth about $ 35 million dollars .
The operation was first seen by an airplane flying above several weeks ago , and consequently the park ’s staff was notified promptly .
It is unclear for how long the farm had been operating .
Several Mexican citizens , 4 men and a woman , have been detained by law enforcement officials for questioning and are possibly connected to the operation .
On the same day as the raid in the park , law enforcement officials also carried out several additional raids on growing operations nearby .
Illegal drug operations are becoming increasingly more common in the U.S. inside and near national parks and forests .
Raids are becoming a necessity .
An article published several days ago in USA Today quoted the director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy as saying that 75% - 80 % of marijuana grown outdoors is on state or federal land .
Mexican drug cartels are thought to be increasingly responsible for these illegal operations in national parks and on other protected lands .
Smuggling drugs across the U.S. - Mexico border has become more challenging for them .
Other national parks where large marijuana farms have also recently been found and shut - down include North Cascades National Park in Washington and Sequoia National Park in California .
Read More National Park News on the Green Options Network :
Photo Credit : Michael Schweppe on Flickr under a Creative Commons license
In this post , I wish to propose for the reader ’s favorable consideration a doctrine that will strike many in the nerd community as strange , bizarre , and paradoxical , but that I hope will at least be given a hearing .
The doctrine in question is this : while it is possible that , a century hence , humans will have built molecular nanobots and superintelligent AIs , uploaded their brains to computers , and achieved eternal life , these possibilities are not quite so likely as commonly supposed , nor do they obviate the need to address mundane matters such as war , poverty , disease , climate change , and helping Democrats win elections .
Last week I read Ray Kurzweil ’s The Singularity Is Near , which argues that by 2045 , or somewhere around then , advances in AI , neuroscience , nanotechnology , and other fields will let us transcend biology , upload our brains to computers , and achieve the dreams of the ancient religions , including eternal life and whatever simulated sex partners we want .
( Kurzweil , famously , takes hundreds of supplements a day to maximize his chance of staying alive till then . )
Perhaps surprisingly , Kurzweil does not come across as a wild - eyed fanatic , but as a humane idealist ; the text is thought - provoking and occasionally even wise .
I did have quibbles with his discussions of quantum computing and the possibility of faster - than - light travel , but Kurzweil wisely chose not to base his conclusions on any speculations about these topics .
I find myself in agreement with Kurzweil on three fundamental points .
Firstly , that whatever purifying or ennobling qualities suffering might have , those qualities are outweighed by suffering ’s fundamental suckiness .
If I could press a button to free the world from loneliness , disease , and death — the downside being that life might become banal without the grace of tragedy —
I ’d probably hesitate for about five seconds before lunging for it .
As Tevye said about the ‘ curse ’ of wealth : “ may the Lord strike me with that curse , and may I never recover ! ”
Secondly , there ’s nothing bad about overcoming nature through technology .
Humans have been in that business for at least 10,000 years .
Now , it ’s true that fanatical devotion to particular technologies — such as the internal combustion engine — might well cause the collapse of human civilization and the permanent degradation of life on Earth .
But the only plausible solution is better technology , not the Kaczynski / Flintstone route .
Thirdly , were there machines that pressed for recognition of their rights with originality , humor , and wit , we ’d have to give it to them .
And if those machines quickly rendered humans obsolete , I for one would salute our new overlords .
In that situation , the denialism of John Searle would cease to be just a philosophical dead - end , and would take on the character of xenophobia , resentment , and cruelty .
Yet while I share Kurzweil ’s ethical sense , I do n’t share his technological optimism .
Everywhere he looks , Kurzweil sees Moore ’s - Law - type exponential trajectories — not just for transistor density , but for bits of information , economic output , the resolution of brain imaging , the number of cell phones and Internet hosts , the cost of DNA sequencing … you name it , he ’ll plot it on a log scale .
Kurzweil acknowledges that , even over the brief periods that his exponential curves cover , they have hit occasional snags , like ( say ) the Great Depression or World War II .
And he ’s not so naïve as to extend the curves indefinitely : he knows that every exponential is just a sigmoid ( or some other curve ) in disguise .
Nevertheless , he fully expects current technological trends to continue pretty much unabated until they hit fundamental physical limits .
I ’m much less sanguine .
Where Kurzweil sees a steady march of progress interrupted by occasional hiccups , I see a few fragile and improbable victories against a backdrop of malice , stupidity , and greed — the tiny amount of good humans have accomplished in constant danger of drowning in a sea of blood and tears , as happened to so many of the civilizations of antiquity .
The difference is that this time , human idiocy is playing itself out on a planetary scale ; this time we can finally ensure that there are no survivors left to start over .
( Also , if the Singularity ever does arrive , I expect it to be plagued by frequent outages and terrible customer service . )
Obviously , my perceptions are as colored by my emotions and life experiences as Kurzweil ’s are by his .
Despite two years of reading Overcoming Bias , I still do n’t know how to uncompute myself , to predict the future from some standpoint of Bayesian equanimity .
But just as obviously , it ’s our duty to try to minimize bias , to give reasons for our beliefs that are open to refutation and revision .
So in the rest of this post , I ’d like to share some of the reasons why I have n’t chosen to spend my life worrying about the Singularity , instead devoting my time to boring , mundane topics like anthropic quantum computing and cosmological Turing machines .
The first , and most important , reason is also the reason why I do n’t spend my life thinking about P versus NP : because there are vastly easier prerequisite questions that we already do n’t know how to answer .
In a field like CS theory , you very quickly get used to being able to state a problem with perfect clarity , knowing exactly what would constitute a solution , and still not having any clue how to solve it .
( In other words , you get used to P not equaling NP . )
And at least in my experience , being pounded with this situation again and again slowly reorients your worldview .
You learn to terminate trains of thought that might otherwise run forever without halting .
Faced with a question like “ How can we stop death ? ” or “ How can we build a human - level AI ? ” you learn to respond : “ What ’s another question that ’s easier to answer , and that probably has to be answered anyway before we have any chance on the original one ? ”
And if someone says , “ but ca n’t you at least estimate how long it will take to answer the original question ? ” you learn to hedge and equivocate .
For looking backwards , you see that sometimes the highest peaks were scaled — Fermat ’s Last Theorem , the Poincaré conjecture — but that not even the greatest climbers could peer through the fog to say anything terribly useful about the distance to the top .
Even Newton and Gauss could only stagger a few hundred yards up ; the rest of us are lucky to push forward by an inch .
The second reason is that as a goal recedes to infinity , the probability increases that as we approach it , we ’ll discover some completely unanticipated reason why it was n’t the right goal anyway .
You might ask : what is it that we could possibly learn about neuroscience , biology , or physics , that would make us slap our foreheads and realize that uploading our brains to computers was a harebrained idea from the start , reflecting little more than early - 21st - century prejudice ?
Unlike ( say ) Searle or Penrose , I do n’t pretend to know .
But I do think that the “ argument from absence of counterarguments ” loses more and more force , the further into the future we ’re talking about .
( One can , of course , say the same about quantum computers , which is one reason why I ’ve never taken the possibility of building them as a given . )
Is there any example of a prognostication about the 21st century written before 1950 , most of which does n’t now seem quaint ?
The third reason is simple comparative advantage .
Given our current ignorance , there seems to me to be relatively little worth saying about the Singularity — and what is worth saying is already being said well by others .
Thus , I find nothing wrong with a few people devoting their lives to Singulatarianism , just as others should arguably spend their lives worrying about asteroid collisions .
But precisely because smart people do devote brain - cycles to these possibilities , the rest of us have correspondingly less need to .
The fourth reason is the Doomsday Argument .
Having digested the Bayesian case for a Doomsday conclusion , and the rebuttals to that case , and the rebuttals to the rebuttals , what I find left over is just a certain check on futurian optimism .
Sure , maybe we ’re at the very beginning of the human story , a mere awkward adolescence before billions of glorious post - Singularity years ahead .
But whatever intuitions cause us to expect that could easily be leading us astray .
Suppose that all over the universe , civilizations arise and continue growing exponentially until they exhaust their planets ’ resources and kill themselves out .
In that case , almost every conscious being brought into existence would find itself extremely close to its civilization ’s death throes .
If — as many believe — we ’re quickly approaching the earth ’s carrying capacity , then we ’d have not the slightest reason to be surprised by that apparent coincidence .
To be human would , in the vast majority of cases , mean to be born into a world of air travel and Burger King and imminent global catastrophe .
It would be like some horrific Twilight Zone episode , with all the joys and labors , the triumphs and setbacks of developing civilizations across the universe receding into demographic insignificance next to their final , agonizing howls of pain .
I wish reading the news every morning furnished me with more reasons not to be haunted by this vision of existence .
The fifth reason is my ( limited ) experience of AI research .
I was actually an AI person long before I became a theorist .
When I was 12 , I set myself the modest goal of writing a BASIC program that would pass the Turing Test by learning from experience and following Asimov ’s Three Laws of Robotics .
I coded up a really nice tokenizer and user interface , and only got stuck on the subroutine that was supposed to understand the user ’s question and output an intelligent , Three - Laws - obeying response .
Later , at Cornell , I was lucky to learn from Bart Selman , and worked as an AI programmer for Cornell ’s RoboCup team — an experience that taught me little about the nature of intelligence but a great deal about how to make robots pass a ball .
At Berkeley , my initial focus was on machine learning and statistical inference ; had it not been for quantum computing , I ’d probably still be doing AI today .
For whatever it ’s worth , my impression was of a field with plenty of exciting progress , but which has ( to put it mildly ) some ways to go before recapitulating the last billion years of evolution .
The idea that a field must either be ( 1 ) failing or ( 2 ) on track to reach its ultimate goal within our lifetimes , seems utterly without support in the history of science ( if understandable from the standpoint of both critics and enthusiastic supporters ) .
If I were forced at gunpoint to guess , I ’d say that human - level AI seemed to me like a slog of many more centuries or millennia ( with the obvious potential for black swans along the way ) .
As you may have gathered , I do n’t find the Singulatarian religion so silly as not to merit a response .
Not only is the “ Rapture of the Nerds ” compatible with all known laws of physics ; if humans survive long enough it might even come to pass .
The one notion I have real trouble with is that the AI - beings of the future would be no more comprehensible to us than we are to dogs ( or mice , or fish , or snails ) .
After all , we might similarly expect that there should be models of computation as far beyond Turing machines as Turing machines are beyond finite automata .
But in the latter case , we know the intuition is mistaken .
There is a ceiling to computational expressive power .
Get up to a certain threshold , and every machine can simulate every other one , albeit some slower and others faster .
Now , it ’s clear that a human who thought at ten thousand times our clock rate would be a pretty impressive fellow .
But if that ’s what we ’re talking about , then we do n’t mean a point beyond which history completely transcends us , but “ merely ” a point beyond which we could only understand history by playing it in extreme slow motion .
Yet while I believe the latter kind of singularity is possible , I ’m not at all convinced of Kurzweil ’s thesis that it ’s “ near ” ( where “ near ” means before 2045 , or even 2300 ) .
I see a world that really did change dramatically over the last century , but where progress on many fronts ( like transportation and energy ) seems to have slowed down rather than sped up ; a world quickly approaching its carrying capacity , exhausting its natural resources , ruining its oceans , and supercharging its climate ; a world where technology is often powerless to solve the most basic problems , millions continue to die for trivial reasons , and democracy is n’t even clearly winning over despotism ; a world that finally has a communications network with a decent search engine but that still has n’t emerged from the tribalism and ignorance of the Pleistocene .
And I ca n’t help thinking that , before we transcend the human condition and upload our brains to computers , a reasonable first step might be to bring the 18th - century Enlightenment to the 98 % of the world that still has n’t gotten the message .
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) --
The forced breakup of Lehman Bros .
or even its liquidation became a possible scenario over the weekend as talks dragged on unsuccessfully Saturday between top U.S. financial officials and executives at major Wall Street firms trying to forestall the collapse of the investment firm and to keep weakness among financials from spreading .
According to a report in the online edition of the Wall Street Journal citing people familiar with the matter , the outlines of a rescue plan emerged , but at the same time talks revealed that a sale of the entire firm LEH , to a big bank could probably not be managed .
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York , Treasury officials and banking executives have been meeting since Friday evening in the hopes of engineering a plan for a private - sector rescue for the once - venerable investment firm before Asian markets open for trading Monday .
Shortly before 7 p.m. Eastern on Saturday , media outlets reported that no deal had been reached over Lehman 's fate but that negotiations would likely continue between the Fed and bank executives on Sunday .
As expectations of a deal swung to doubt , the Journal reported , plans emerged for firms to either buy pieces of Lehman or for an orderly winding down of the firm .
The Journal said that under one scenario , Barclays PLC BCS , - 0.60 % or Bank of America Corp. BAC , - 1.32 % would buy Lehman 's valuable assets , such as its equities business , while the more risky real - estate assets would be merged into a another entity that would contain about $ 85 billion in souring assets .
Other Wall Street firms would try to inject some capital into that " bad bank " so that a flood of bad assets does n't deluge the market , damaging the value of similar assets held by other banks and insurers , according to the report .
The banks are also looking for the government to somehow support the bad bank .
An earlier story in the Journal reported that Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson has made it clear to participants in the talks , called Friday by the New York Federal Reserve , that no government bailout for Lehman should be expected .
The Journal reported that while teams of bankers are working on the plans , it appears few banks are in a position to provide enough funding .
Many banks are inclined to preserve capital ahead of third - quarter and year - end cash preservation moves .
Also , the report noted , banks do n't want to see rivals such as Barclays or Bank of America pay so little for the valuable assets .
Citing people familiar with the matter , the Journal said Bank of America , until today considered Lehman 's most likely savior , seems to be less interested in a deal .
Neither Barclays nor Bank of America wants to buy all of Lehman without some government assistance , the Journal said .
In addition to Paulson , New York Fed President Timothy Geithner and Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Christopher Cox were present at the weekend talks .
According to media reports , Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke is involved in the deliberations , but did not attend Friday night 's meeting .
The Wall Street executives attending included Morgan Stanley MS , - 2.35 % Chief Executive John Mack , Merrill Lynch MER , +27.69 % Chief Executive John Thain , J.P. Morgan Chase JPM , - 0.84 % CEO Jamie Dimon , Goldman Sachs Group GS , - 1.14 % CEO Lloyd Blankfein , Citigroup Inc. C , - 2.12 % head Vikram Pandit and representatives from the Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC RBS , - 2.42 % and Bank of New York Mellon Corp. , as well as others , according to the Journal .
As hopes fade for a sale , a second group of bankers reportedly is weighing the alternative of liquidating the firm 's business , according to reports .
The Journal reported many Wall Street traders met Saturday to weigh their options if Lehman is forced into liquidation .
One unnamed trader said conditions in the credit default swap market and the short - term repo markets are more stable today than they were in March , when Bear Stearns nearly collapsed , but said that if Lehman is forced to liquidate , Monday could be a grim day for financial markets .
Global concerns intensify
Global fears intensified over the weekend that the possible collapse of the country 's fourth - largest investment bank would hurt markets and damage confidence .
German Finance Minister Peer Steinbrueck said Saturday said he hopes there will be an end to the uncertainty over the fate of Lehman before Monday .
" You have to ask the parties involved in the U.S. , " Steinbrueck said at a press conference in Nice , France following a meeting of finance ministers and central bankers from the European Union .
" But we 're hearing that the U.S. authorities are trying to find a solution by Monday and before Asian markets open . "
Speaking alongside Steinbrueck , Bundesbank President Axel Weber said the German central bank has been in contact with the country 's banks and is aware of their individual exposures to Lehman .
Weber said that if a Lehman resolution is found , " the impact should be limited . "
The exposure of Dutch banks to Lehman is n't a cause for worry , Dutch Finance Minister Wouter Bos said .
Bos told reporters at the Nice event that " it 's hard to predict " what the outcome of Lehman 's difficulties will be .
But he said Dutch banks are n't at seriously at risk however things turn out .
" I 'm not worried , " he said .
" All I can do is make sure that my policies are robust . "
Bos said he does n't expect the turbulence in global financial markets to ease any time soon .
" I would like ( the turmoil ) to end and in that sense I am worried , " Bos said .
" There will be a correction in financial markets for some time to come .
If there 's a dominant characteristic then it's uncertainty . "
Shares of the once - thriving Lehman slumped another 13 % Friday on concern the sale may come at a distressed price .
See full story .
Bank of America , J.C. Flowers , and the Chinese sovereign wealth fund China Investment Co. had been considering a joint bid for Lehman , the Financial Times reported on its Web site Friday .
Lehman got bids for its asset - management business from private - equity firms including Bain Capital LLC and Clayton Dubilier & Rice Inc .
The offers value the unit at about $ 5 billion , Bloomberg News reported , citing unidentified people familiar with the auction .
Subprime crisis still shudders
This weekend 's negotiations show that , after more than a year , the credit crunch is still crushing firms that only recently dominated the world of finance .
Bear Stearns , the fourth - largest U.S. investment bank , was bailed out in March , while Fannie Mae FNM , and Freddie Mac FRE , - 0.64 % , two giants that control most of the country 's mortgage market , were seized by the government a week ago .
After starting life as a cotton trading firm in Montgomery , Ala. more than 150 years ago , Lehman grew into the third - largest U.S. brokerage firm behind Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs .
It was a fixed - income powerhouse and the largest mortgage underwriter .
Lehman 's mortgage business , while hugely profitable during the recent housing boom , proved its undoing as home prices slumped , foreclosures surged and the commercial real estate market began to crack .
In its latest quarter , Lehman reported a net loss of almost $ 4 billion after more than $ 5 billion of new write - downs , mostly on soured mortgage exposures .
Read full story .
Some debugging techniques , and " C++ introspection "
Posted by bert hubert
After too much posting on IETF mailing lists , and not achieving anything , I ’ve gone back to coding a bit more .
There are two things I want to share - the first because I had a devil of a time figuring out how to do something , and I hope that posting here will help fellow - sufferers find the solution via Google .
The second thing I want to talk about because , and this is getting to be rare , I programmed something cool , and I just need to tell someone about it .
I pondered explaining it to my lovely son Maurits ( 4 months old today ) , but I do n’t want to ruin his brain .
Debugging iterators
In most programming languages there are a lot of things that compile just fine , or generate no parsing errors at runtime , but are still accidents waiting to happen .
Tools abound to expose such silent errors , usually at a horrendous performance cost .
But this is fine , as errors can be found by the developer , and fixed before release .
As part of our arsenal , we have the veritable Valgrind that detects things such as reading from memory that had not previously been written to .
In addition , other tricks are available , such as changing functions that ‘ mostly do X , and rarely Y ’ so that they always to Y .
This quickly finds programs that skipped dealing with Y ( which might be a rare error condition , or realloc ( 2 ) returning a new memory address for your data ) .
Finally , many programming environments by default perform very little checking ( in the interest of speed ) - for example , they will gladly allow you to compare something that points to data in collection A to something that points to collection B - a comparison that never makes sense , classical apples and oranges .
My favorite C++ compiler , G++ , comes with so called ‘ debugging iterators ’ that are very strict - anything that is not absolutely correct becomes an error , sometimes at compile time , sometimes at runtime .
Together with Valgrind , this is one of the techniques I like to whip out when the going gets tough .
Sadly , Debugging iterators ( which are turned on by adding - DGLIBCXXDEBUG conflict with one of my favorite C++ libraries , Boost .
To make a long story short , to compile a version of Boost with debugging iterators , issue :
$ bjam define=_GLIBCXX_DEBUG
This single line of text may not look all that important , but it took me half a day of debugging to figure this out .
So if you get this error :
dnsgram.o : ( .rodata._ZTVN5boost15program_options11typed_valueISscEE[vtable for boost :: program_options :: typed_value , std::allocator > , char >] +0x18 ) : undefined reference to `boost :: program_options::value_semantic_codecvt_helper :: parse ( boost :: any& , std::__debug::vector , std::allocator > , std::allocator , std::allocator > > > const& , bool ) const '
Then compile your own version of boost as outlined above .
C++ Introspection & Statistics
C++ is an old - school language , perhaps the most modern language of the old school .
This means that it sacrifices a lot of things to allow programs to run at stunning ‘ near bare metal ’ speeds .
One of the things that C++ does not offer therefore is ‘ introspection ’
What this means is that if you have a class called “ ImportantClass ” , that class does not know its own name at runtime .
When a program is running , it is not possible to ask by name for an “ ImportantClass ” to be instantiated .
If you need this ability , you need to register your ImportantClass manually by its name “ ImportantClass ” , and store a pointer to a function that creates an ImportantClass for you when you need it .
Doing so manually is usually not a problem , except of course when it is .
In PowerDNS , I allocate a heap ( or a stack even ) of runtime statistics .
Each of those statistics is a variable ( or a function ) with a certain name .
In more modern languages , it would probably be easy to group all these variables together ( with names like numQueries , numAnswers , nomUDPQueries etc ) , and allow these statistics to be queried using their names .
So , an external program might call ‘ get stat numQueries ’ , and PowerDNS would look up the numQueries name , and return its value .
No such luck in C or C ++!
So - can we figure out something smart , say , with a macro ?
Yes and no .
The problem is that when we declare a variable in C which we want to be accessible from elsewhere in the program , it needs to happen either inside a struct or class , or at global scope .
This in turn means that we ca n’t execute code there .
So , what we ’d like to do , but ca n’t is :
struct Statistics { uint64_t numPackets ; registerName ( &numPackets , " numPackets " ) ; uint64_t numAnswers ; registerName ( &numAnswers , " numAnswers " ) ; } stats ;
stats.numPackets is indeed available , but the line after its definition will generate an error .
This is sad , since the above could easily be generated from a macro , so we could do :
DEFINESTAT ( numPackets , “ Number of packets received ” ) ;
Which would simultaneously define numPackets , as well as make it available as “ numPackets ” , and store a nice description of it somewhere .
But alas , this is all not possible because of the reasons outlined above .
So - how do we separate the data structure from the ‘ registerName ( ) ’ calls , while retaining the cool ‘ DEFINESTAT ’ feature where everything is in one place ?
In C++ , files can be included using the #include statement .
Most of the time , this is used to include so called ‘ header ’ files - but nothing is stopping us from using this feature for our own purposes .
The trick is to put all the ‘ DEFINESTAT ’ statements in an include file , and include it not once , but twice !
First we do :
# define DEFINESTAT ( name , desc ) uint64_t name ; struct Statistics { #include " statistics.h " } stats ;
This defines the Statistics struct , containing all the variables we want to make available .
These are nicely expanded using our DEFINESTAT definition .
Secondly , we #undefine DEFINESTAT again , and redefine it as :
# define DEFINESTAT ( name , desc ) registerName ( &stats.name , #name , desc ) ;
Then we insert this in a function :
void registerAllNames ( ) { #include " statistics.h " }
This will cause the same statistics.h file to be loaded again , with the same DEFINESTAT lines in there , but this time DEFINESTAT expands to a call that registers each variable , its name ( # name expands to “ name ” ) , and its description .
The rest of our source can now call ‘ stats.numPackets ++’ , and if someone wants to query the “ numPackets ” variable , it is available easily enough through its name since it has been registered using registerName .
The upshot of this all is that we have gained the ability to ‘ introspect ’ our Statistics structure , without any runtime overhead nor any further language support .
As stated above , more modern languages make this process easier .. but not as fast !
I hope you enjoyed this arcane coolness as much as I did .
But I doubt it :-)
The Telltale Heart , by Edgar Allen Poe .
Half - blind elderly man gets in bad rental situation .
Moby Dick by Herman Melville .
Sports fishing contest strains nerves .
Wuthering Heights by Emily Bronte .
A young man 's lifelong struggle with anger management issues , domestic abuse and hygiene problems .
Romeo and Juliet by William Shakespeare .
Hormonal teens and their families enact Jerry Springer - like drama .
The Scarlett Letter by Nathaniel Hawthorne .
Single mother makes " A " of herself with local preacher .
Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court by Mark Twain .
Head injury patient experiences a couple of rough knights .
To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee.
Coming of age tale says " Boo " to racism .
The Odyssey by Homer .
Ancient Greek goes on road - trip , meeting a rag - tag team of misfits along the way .
Jane Eyre by Charlotte Bronte .
Teacher strives to overcome classism , sexism and an erratic , non-union employment situation .
The Count of Monte Cristo by Alexandre Dumas .
Frenchman in frame - job seeks justice , revenge , and inspires tasty sandwich .
Bridge of San Luis Rey by Thornton Wilder - Shoddy public works department effort in Peru leads to potential lawsuit .
Alice in Wonderland by Lewis Carroll - Indigestion of picnic lunch triggers colorful socio-political dream sequence .
Jude the Obscure by Thomas Hardy .
Jude carries pain of the world on his shoulders before getting McCartney 's good advice .
Frankenstein by Mary Shelley .
Rejection of adopted child with a disability turns love to hate and overseas travel .
Lolita by Vladimir Nabokov .
Amber Alert candidate goes too far with real - life MySpace page and child predator .
Gulliver 's Travels by Jonathan Swift .
Man acts as connection between bigwigs and the little people .
Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen .
Five sisters in rural district seek 29 dimensions of compatibility before the invention of online dating .
Picture of Dorian Gray by Oscar Wilde .
An artist finds a corrupt male model puts too much of himself into his work .
Ever read the local TV listings and marvel at their ability to cram the plot of an epic film into just a few words ?
Unfortunately , sometimes space constraints mean they might have to overlook a few of the nuances .
So this had me thinking , what if the same folks who summarize television shows and movies had to write up listings for classic books ?
Well , I think they might go something like this :
Have any you 'd like to add to this list ?
Just let me know !-----------------------------------------------
AUSTIN , Texas — A new species of blind , subterranean , predatory ant discovered in the Amazon rainforest by University of Texas at Austin evolutionary biologist Christian Rabeling is likely a descendant of the very first ants to evolve .
The new ant is named Martialis heureka , which translates roughly to " ant from Mars , " because the ant has a combination of characteristics never before recorded .
It is adapted for dwelling in the soil , is two to three millimeters long , pale , and has no eyes and large mandibles , which Rabeling and colleagues suspect it uses to capture prey .
This new species of blind , subterranean , predatory ant , Martialis heureka , was discovered in the Amazon by Christian Rabeling at the University of Texas at Austin .
It belongs to the first new subfamily of living ants discovered since 1923 , and is a descendant of one of the first ant lineages to evolve over 120 million years ago .
Credit : Christian Rabeling , the University of Texas at Austin
The ant also belongs to its own new subfamily , one of 21 subfamilies in ants .
This is the first time that a new subfamily of ants with living species has been discovered since 1923 ( other new subfamilies have been discovered from fossil ants ) .
Rabeling says his discovery will help biologists better understand the biodiversity and evolution of ants , which are abundant and ecologically important insects .
" This discovery hints at a wealth of species , possibly of great evolutionary importance , still hidden in the soils of the remaining rainforests , " writes Rabeling and his co-authors in a paper reporting their discovery this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Rabeling collected the only known specimen of the new ant species in 2003 from leaf - litter at the Empresa Brasileira de Pesquisa Agropecuária in Manaus , Brazil .
He and his colleagues found that the ant was a new species , genus and subfamily after morphological and genetic analysis .
Analysis of DNA from the ant 's legs confirmed its phylogenetic position at the very base of the ant evolutionary tree .
Ants evolved over 120 million years ago from wasp ancestors .
They probably evolved quickly into many different lineages , with ants specializing to lives in the soil , leaf - litter or trees , or becoming generalists .
" This discovery lends support to the idea that blind subterranean predator ants arose at the dawn of ant evolution , " says Rabeling , a graduate student in the ecology , evolution and behavior program .
Rabeling does not suggest that the ancestor to all ants was blind and subterranean , but that these adaptations arose early and have persisted over the years .
" Based on our data and the fossil record , we assume that the ancestor of this ant was somewhat wasp - like , perhaps similar to the Cretaceous amber fossil Sphecomyrma , which is widely known as the evolutionary missing link between wasps and ants , " says Rabeling .
He speculates that the new ant species evolved adaptations over time to its subterranean habitat ( for example , loss of eyes and pale body color ) , while retaining some of its ancestor 's physical characteristics .
" The new ant species is hidden in environmentally stable tropical soils with potentially less competition from other ants and in a relatively stable microclimate , " he says .
" It could represent a ' relict ' species that retained some ancestral morphological characteristics . "
Mexican police have faced a surge of drug - related crime
The head of Mexico 's intelligence service has said that drug cartels are threatening the country 's democratic institutions , including Congress .
Guillermo Valdes told the Financial Times newspaper that drug traffickers were trying to take over the power of the state .
Gangs have infiltrated police forces , justice departments and government bodies , he said .
Mexico has seen a sharp increase in drug - related violence this year .
Mr Valdes , who is the head of Cisen , the government 's intelligence agency , said he could not rule out the possibility that drug money was involved in the campaigns of some members of the national Congress .
Lucrative trade " Drug traffickers have become the principal threat because they are trying to take over the power of the state , " he told the Financial Times and a small group of foreign media .
The gangs , he said , had grown wealthy from the lucrative drugs trade and had recruited members of police forces , the judiciary and government organisations in order to protect their business .
Congress is not exempt ... we do not rule out the possibility that drug money is involved in the campaigns
Guillermo Valdes
Head of Mexico 's intelligence agency
He said that even federal institutions such as Congress itself could have been targeted by the powerful cartels .
" Congress is not exempt ... we do not rule out the possibility that drug money is involved in the campaigns ( of some legislators ) , " he said .
Earlier this month US President George W Bush signed into law a $ 400 m aid package to provide training and equipment for the fight against drug trafficking .
It is believed that only $ 20 m will go to Mr Valdes 's service .
Since coming to power in 2006 , Mexican President Felipe Calderon has deployed thousands of police and soldiers to tackle drug - trafficking .
Crime surge
There have been an estimated 4,700 drug - related murders during that period .
Mexico has seen a surge in drug - related violence and killings during 2008 .
On Sunday , eight people , including two youths and a 12 - year - old girl , were shot dead when gunmen opened fire on their cars , Mexican officials said .
The attack happened as the victims were waiting at traffic lights in the city of Guamuchil in the state of Sinaloa .
Hours earlier gunmen in Mazatlan , on Sinaloa 's coast , killed a policeman and then took dozens of people hostage in a restaurant before escaping .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Illusion is the first of all pleasures .
- Oscar Wilde
Time is an illusion .
Lunchtime doubly so .
- Douglas Adams
Inflation : everyone 's illusion of wealth - Unknown
Noise creates illusions .
Silence brings truth .
- Maxime Lagace
Losing an illusion makes you wiser than finding a truth .
- Ludwig Borne
What a strange illusion to suppose that beauty is goodness .
- Leo Tolstoy
Reality is merely an illusion , albeit a very persistent one .
- Albert Einstein
Love is the child of illusion and the parent of disillusion .
- Miguel de Unamuno
If we choose , we can live in a world of comforting illusion .
- Noam Chomsky
Illusion is the dust the devil throws in the eyes of the foolish .
- Minna Antrim
Some of my best friends are illusions .
Been sustaining me for years .
- Sheila Ballantyne
Our separation from each other is an optical illusion of consciousness .
- Albert Einstein
Never say never because limits , like fears , are often just an illusion .
- Michael Jordan
A man loses his illusions first , his teeth second , and his follies last .
- Helen Rowland
Normal is an illusion .
What is normal for the spider is chaos for the fly .
- Morticia Addams
The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place .
- George Bernard Shaw
Like the cosmetics industry , the securities business is engaged in selling illusion .
- Paul Samuelson
The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance - it is the illusion of knowledge .
- Daniel J. Boorstin
Free will is an illusion .
People always choose the perceived path of greatest pleasure .
- Scott Adams
Wishes and fears are illusions , Dil Bahadur , not realities .
You must practice detachment .
- Isabel Allende
We live in a fantasy world , a world of illusion .
The great task in life is to find reality .
- Irish Murdoch
The illusion that the times that were are better than those that are has probably pervaded all ages .
- Horace Greeley
Do n't part with your illusions .
When they are gone you may still exist but you have ceased to live .
- Mark Twain
What if everything is an illusion and nothing exists ?
In that case , I definitely overpaid for my carpet .
- Woody Allen
Sometimes people do n't want to hear the truth because they do n't want their illusions destroyed .
- Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche
Dreams or illusions , call them what you will , they lift us from the commonplace of life to better things .
- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Attachment is the great fabricator of illusions ; reality can be attained only by someone who is detached .
- Simone Weil
We would rather be ruined than changed .
We would rather die in our dread than climb the cross of the moment and let our illusions die .
- W H Auden
Love easily confuses us because it is always in flux between illusion and substance , between memory and wish , between contentment and need .
- Tom Robbins
Some people marry for love , some for companionship , and others for status or money .
Now comes another reason to get hitched : health insurance .
In a poll released today , 7 % of Americans said they or someone in their household decided to marry in the last year so they could get healthcare benefits via their spouse .
“ It ’s a small number but a powerful result , because it shows how paying for healthcare is reflected not only in family budgets but in life decisions , ” said Drew E. Altman , president of the Kaiser Family Foundation , which commissioned the survey as part of its regular polling on healthcare .
On a broader scale , the survey found that healthcare costs outranked housing costs , rising food prices and credit card bills as a source of concern .
Twenty - eight percent of those surveyed said they had experienced serious problems because of the cost of healthcare , compared with 29 % who had problems getting a good job or a raise .
Gasoline prices were the top economic worry , with 44 % saying they had serious problems keeping up with increases at the pump .
Advertisement
A companion poll also detected an important shift among voters : Independents in particular say they are more concerned about reducing medical costs than about increasing the number of Americans with health insurance .
A Kaiser poll from February found that 37 % of independents wanted the presidential candidates to address costs first , while 32 % cited the problem of getting coverage for the 47 million uninsured .
But in the latest poll , 46 % of independents said the candidates should deal with costs , and 25 % said expanding coverage should come first .
“ The general election is going to be a contest for independent voters , ” Altman said .
“ To appeal to independent voters , the candidates are increasingly going to have to frame healthcare as an economic issue . ”
Advertisement
Among the three presidential candidates , Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona has emphasized reducing costs ahead of expanding coverage .
Of the two Democrats , Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton of New York has stressed coverage for all as the main goal , and Sen. Barack Obama of Illinois has talked about gradually expanding coverage while trying to better control costs .
Healthcare inflation has been rising at about twice the rate of economic growth , and it ’s unclear how much of a difference better prevention , computerized medical records and other ideas for containing costs might prove to be .
But with employer - based health insurance averaging $ 12,000 for family coverage and $ 4,500 for individuals , the public concern with costs is understandable .
Nearly a fourth of Americans said they had decided to keep or change jobs in the last year because of health insurance .
What surprised researchers was that such costs had become a factor in marriage decisions .
“ We should have asked about divorce , ” said Altman , joking .
Advertisement
Those who cited health insurance as a factor in deciding to marry tended to have modest incomes .
About 6 in 10 were in households making less than $ 50,000 a year , said Mollyann Brodie , who directs Kaiser ’s opinion research .
They also were younger , with 4 in 10 between 18 and 34 .
“ We do n’t know a lot more about them , ” Brodie said .
“ Just that they answered that of all the reasons for getting married , [ health insurance ] was also a reason , was surprising . ”
Most employers do not offer health insurance to unmarried domestic partners of employees .
The Kaiser polling , conducted April 3 - 13 , surveyed a nationally representative sample of 2,003 adults , and has a margin of error of plus or minus 3 percentage points .
Advertisement
--
ricardo.alonso-zaldivar @latimes.com
USA approves Georgia ’s aggression against South Ossetia and Russia
US presidential runoff John McCain said that Russia should not interfere in the conflict in South Ossetia .
The pro-Georgian propaganda in the US media testifies to the same opinion .
It brings up the idea that the Georgian aggression against the unrecognized republic of South Ossetia has been coordinated with the US administration .
Nevertheless , all arguments of US politicians and experts ( Pravda .ru interviewed some of them ) do not withstand any criticism .
USA approves Georgia ’s aggression against South Ossetia and Russia
“ We must immediately call a meeting of the NATO Council to estimate Georgia ’s security and consider the measures , which NATO may take to stabilize the highly dangerous situation , ” John McCain said .
“ The international community needs to deploy independent and neutral peacemaking forces in South Ossetia .
Russia must immediately and unconditionally cease its military operations and withdraw troops from the sovereign territory of Georgia , ” McCain believes .
Ariel Cohen , a well - known US specialist on the Soviet Union , a Senior Research Fellow at the Heritage Foundation , stated that Russia was planning the incursion for months and that it was intended to demonstrate its hegemony over Eastern Europe , push Mr. Saakashvili from power in Georgia and not to let Georgia become a NATO member .
Apparently , McCain and other US experts believe that the extermination of thousands of innocent people and the destruction of their houses can be referred to as the retrieval of the territorial integrity .
It is worthy of note that Russia ’s Air Force already prevented Georgia ’s aggression against South Ossetia a month ago .
The situation aggravated soon after Condoleezza Rice ’s visit to Georgia .
It is not ruled out that Ms. Rice okayed the beginning of the war in the region on behalf of the US administration .
Taking McCain ’s remarks into consideration , one shall assume that the USA has provided certain guarantees to Georgia .
The Georgian troops would not have opened fire on Russian peacemakers otherwise .
Such battles inevitably lead to a war against Russia .
Georgia would not dare to proceed so alone , without the support from the West .
Furthermore , Georgia asked the USA to withdraw its contingent from Iraq to redeploy the military men to South Ossetia .
The evidence to proof the USA ’s hand behind the Georgian aggression against South Ossetia can be found in Western media .
Western news agencies , Reuters , for example , have been distributing countless photographs depicting Russia ’s supposed atrocities in Georgia .
Such photos along with adequate headlines can be found in practically all US newspapers ( The New York Times is the best example for it ) .
All of them unanimously accuse Russia of aggression against Georgia , but they do not say a word about Georgia ’s actions against civilians in S. Ossetia .
This war has given the US administration an excellent opportunity to distract attention from the Summer Olympics in Beijing , which Washington originally intended to disrupt .
In addition , it would escalate the situation in the restive Caucasus to exhaust Russia with never - ending conflicts there .
In this case the US would obtain a full right to enter the territory under the guise of peacemaking forces and grant the NATO membership to Georgia .
Ukraine ’s Foreign Ministry would not have released its anti-Russian statement without USA ’s instructions either .
Ukraine virtually supported Georgia ’s aggression having acknowledged the right of the latter to defend its territorial integrity with the use of military force .
A for history , the question of separatism – Georgia or Ossetia – is disputable .
It was Georgia which decided to pull out from the USSR , whereas the Ossetians protested against such a decision .
Georgia shells hospitals and houses , killing thousands of Ossetians .
Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic used to be charged with genocide for the slaughter of several dozens of Albanians .
US politicians have not voiced an appeal to cease the extermination of South Ossetia people .
Vice versa , John McCain attempts to turn everything upside down accusing Russia of aggression , although Russia took adequate measures to save the Ossetians from extermination .
The USA does not condemn Mikhail Saakashvili , which is another fact to prove that the Georgian president has won USA ’s approval for the war .
Trump - Biden Debate Contentious , Chaotic And Dominated By Insults
Moderator Chris Wallace struggled to keep order as President Trump and Joe Biden met for the first Presidential Debate .
I ’d also forgotten that back in September , when President Bush first rolled out the Korea model of the permanent occupation of Iraq which Sen. McCain ( R ) has now embraced as his platform , the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office did a study of what a 50 year ‘ Korea model ’ presence in Iraq would cost .
The study was done with highly conservative estimates , figuring a much smaller contingent of troops , and basically all the best case scenario numbers , including everything being basically chill over there like McCain says it ’ll be .
They came up with an additional $ 2 trillion over 50 years .
Now , an interesting point of comparison is the projected shortfall in the Social Security budget , which is on the contrary tabulated on highly pessimistic assumption .
That number over 75 years is projected at $ 4.7 trillion .
Now I hasten to add , again , that the Iraq numbers are highly optimistic and the Social Security ones highly pessimistic .
If we do a simple back of the envelope calculation we get the 75 year cost of Iraq would be $ 3 trillion .
And remember that the Social Security number is the one that is supposed make the country curl up , collapsed in upon itself and supernova .
A couple of years ago , I went into a big - box shoe store and bought a pair of sneakers .
At the checkout counter , the cashier grabbed a can of that bogus silicone spray stores always try to up - sell you .
It 's supposed to make sneakers shiny and waterproof , but it does n't seem to do anything .
Before I could protest , she put it in my bag and said , " I 'm giving it to you for free . "
OK , I thought .
If it 's free , it 's free .
I can always throw it out when I get home .
But I was still suspicious , and just before tossing the spray can into the trash , I looked at my receipt .
Sure enough , there was the shoe spray , priced at $ 12.99 .
But there was also a discount of $ 12 on the price of the shoes .
So the can was n't really free : Factoring in the discount , it was a 99 - cent rip - off .
I was angry , and I thought about going back to complain , but for 99 cents , it did n't seem worth the effort .
Instead , I vowed never to buy shoes from that store again .
Later , I figured out what had probably happened .
This is speculation , but I 'm pretty sure that the cashiers were told to push the silicone spray , which customers did n't really want but which probably produced huge profit margins for the retailer .
Cashiers , I 'm guessing , were rewarded with a substantial commission when they made a sale , and the shoe store had probably put in place various contests with prizes for selling the most cans of shoe fairy dust .
But the wily cashiers had figured out a way to apply a discount to shoe sales .
Maybe they kept newspaper coupons in their pockets , or maybe they just had the authority to give discounts on the spot .
However it came about , they had developed this little ploy whereby they sold people spray they did n't want .
Most customers probably did n't notice the 99 - cent discrepancy , and the cashiers earned a few extra bucks in commission .
I can picture the M.B.A. who worked at corporate headquarters .
I bet he reaped a big bonus for coming up with an incentive program that dramatically increased the sales of the high - profit silicone spray .
Meanwhile , did anybody notice that the sales of shoes fell by about the same amount ?
Or that I started buying my shoes on the Internet ?
I 'm always on the lookout for these incentive schemes gone wrong .
There 's a great book on the subject by Harvard Business School professor Robert Austin -- Measuring and Managing Performance in Organizations .
The book 's central thesis is fairly simple :
When you try to measure people 's performance , you have to take into account how they are going to react .
Inevitably , people will figure out how to get the number you want at the expense of what you are not measuring , including things you can't measure , such as morale and customer goodwill .
Suppose , for example , that you want to increase profits .
You can't just tell cashiers to " increase profits " -- they wo n't know what to do .
You are the smart one with the corner office and the subscription to Inc .
You presume that a $ 13 add - on sale wo n't sound like a lot to a consumer after the person has already committed to a $ 100 pair of sneakers .
You know the markup on silicone spray is just enormous , meaning huge profits .
And you think that the easiest way to get your cashiers to push the add - ons is to give them bonuses when they do .
And for a few days , it works .
Until the first cashier figures out the trick to selling even more silicone spray .
And you are going to be real surprised when the latest income statement is prepared and your earnings are surprisingly limp , and more customers seem to be buying shoes from Zappos.com and you do n't know why .
But anyway , back to Austin , the Harvard professor .
His point is that incentive plans based on measuring performance always backfire .
Not sometimes .
Always .
What you measure is inevitably a proxy for the outcome you want , and even though you may think that all you have to do is tweak the incentives to boost sales , you can't .
It 's not going to work .
Because people have brains and are endlessly creative when it comes to improving their personal well - being at everyone else 's expense .
As some of your workers substitute making the most of an incentive program for serving customers the best way they know how , the customer experience will suffer .
Your best employees will find themselves fighting with incentive seekers to keep the business on track .
Meanwhile , they will begin to lose faith in your judgment .
Here 's another story .
About a year ago , before the CompUSA chain was finally liquidated , I went into my local branch to pick up a few small items : a new keyboard , an iPod , and some other stuff .
I was next in line at the checkout counter when a CompUSA employee grabbed me .
" I can help you over here , " he said .
" No waiting . "
He led me to a windowless back office with a handful of shabby cubicles .
Instead of using a cash register and a bar - code scanner , he typed my credit card number and the information on the bar codes manually into some kind of mainframe terminal .
He insisted on taking down my address information , too .
The process took forever .
The guy kept making mistakes and having to go back to the previous menu of options .
At one point , he wandered off to get help .
And when he was done , he asked me if I wanted a bag .
Of course , I said .
He wandered off again to find one .
This was not a normal retail experience , I thought to myself .
And then it dawned on me :
This was n't a retail experience at all -- this was a corporate sales department .
My guy had been hired to sell computers and peripherals to business accounts , and he likely got paid on commission , unlike the cashiers in the front of the store .
He was probably supposed to cold - call corporate purchasing agents all day .
When he could n't make a living doing that , he got in the habit of going into the adjacent store , grabbing a real , live retail customer , and misrepresenting his or her purchases as a corporate sale .
Net result :
The customer was annoyed by the longer checkout , CompUSA probably paid a commission it should n't have , and time and effort were wasted .
But wait -- the story gets better .
The iPods were kept in a locked cage so that nobody could steal them .
So my corporate sales rep took me with him to find his manager , who had the key .
But the manager was busy mediating an argument between another sales rep and a customer , which I watched , amused .
The customer wanted to return the extended warranty on a large purchase she had just made .
The manager acknowledged that CompUSA 's returns policy covered an extended warranty ( which , as everyone knows , is almost all profit for a retailer ) .
Still , the salesperson objected .
At first , I thought that the customer had been duped into buying a warranty she did n't want and was trying to return it , so it was unclear why the clerk was giving her such a hard time .
But then I realized that the argument was over the fact that the salesperson had given the customer a discount on the merchandise , paid out of his own pocket .
In exchange , the customer had agreed to buy the extended warranty , which would have resulted in a nice bonus for the clerk .
Now she was returning the high - margin warranty while happily pocketing the discount .
The customer had double - crossed the sales clerk !
So , this was my retail experience : Instead of buying the exciting new products I wanted , I was hurled into a mass of people scamming one another -- and all because of stupid , perverse commission systems that seemed like good ideas to the M.B.A.'s back at corporate .
Well , CompUSA is gone now -- the remaining assets and the brand name were bought by a competitor -- but I 'm confident plenty of retailers will continue to push extended warranties and bottles of silicone spray .
Let me know how that works out .
At my company , we were worried that the same thing would happen if we paid salespeople on commission .
I had a recurring nightmare of salespeople gone crazy , going to ridiculous lengths to make sales and ruining Fog Creek 's hard - earned reputation as a friendly , win -win kind of company .
But we soon realized that commissions were n't the only management tool at our disposal .
We simply established as a rule the idea that gaming the incentive plan was wrong and unacceptable .
Employees generally follow the rules you give them -- and if they do n't , you can discipline them or , in extreme cases , dismiss them .
The problem with most incentive systems is not that they are too complicated -- it's that they do n't explicitly forbid the kind of shenanigans that will inevitably make them unsuccessful .
More than 120 USB memory sticks have been lost by the MoD since 2004
The discovery at a Cornish nightclub of a computer memory stick with details of troop movements on it is being probed by the Ministry of Defence ( MoD ) .
The USB stick , outlining training for 70 soldiers from the 3rd Battalion , Yorkshire Regiment , was found on the floor of The Beach in Newquay in May .
Times , locations and travel and accommodation details for the troops were included in files on the device .
The MoD said it would take appropriate action over the " regrettable incident " .
Report recommendations
A clubber found the memory stick and handed it in to a national newspaper .
The MoD said that it was carrying out a full forensic examination on the stick this week .
It added that it was " undertaking a programme of improvement to safeguard personal data and sensitive information " as recommended in the Burton report .
The report on MoD data losses by Sir Edmund Burton was published in June 2008 .
He began an investigation after a laptop with the records of 600,000 recruits was stolen from a Royal Navy recruiter 's car last January .
It made 51 recommendations about how the MoD should handle data and how data loss incidents should be dealt with .
Government losses
More than 120 USB memory sticks , some containing secret information , have been lost or stolen from the Ministry of Defence since 2004 , it was reported earlier this year .
Some 26 of those disappeared this year - including three which contained information classified as " secret " , and 19 which were " restricted " .
As well as the MoD data losses , several other stories of government offices losing information have been reported recently .
In August it was revealed that a contractor working for the Home Office lost a memory stick containing personal details of all 84,000 prisoners in England and Wales .
Chris Remo , in an op -ed on Penny Arcade , takes on the righteous indignation heaped on publishers — notably EA — over the use of DRM .
The anger over DRM might be principled bitching , but the point is it 's still bitching .
Writes Remo :
Though it 's not a popular view , in my mind a lot of gamers are overreacting — look how many people buy music through iTunes , whose DRM mechanics are hardly lenient .
That 's not meant to be a judgment of right or wrong , it 's just an observation that may illustrate the gulf between a certain gamer segment and the larger audience that seems to be continually more frightened away by non-casual PC gaming ; I would submit their flight is n't based on activation limits .
Advertisement
I lurk on Reddit lots , and DRM has joined police brutality , atheism and astronomy photos as surefire front page material with predictable , wholly tendentious reactions .
The level of outrage , and the demands made of industry actors , often far exceed the actual injury — but it usually does when you 're talking about abstract matters like who owns what and what rights a consumer has .
That 's not to excuse shifty or intellectually dishonest behavior by publishers trying to slide in DRM restrictions without being transparent about it .
At least Valve pointed out that Crysis Warhead , has it .
But really , Remo says :
I can't help but feel a lot of the vocal protestors are simply getting caught up in the righteous fury of the moment .
It looks like we 're at five activations per game now , up from three ; that 's unlimited installs on each of five PCs , as I understand it , and a deauthorization tool is coming .
Realistically , how much more do you need ?
Obviously , it 's not as good as " infinity installs ( plus one ) " but ca n't we just come to terms with the fact that no amount of internet petitioning or Amazon guerrilla warfare is going to take the activation limit out of the realms of the finite ?
Advertisement
Agreed .
When every DRM matter is treated with the same level of fury , it makes it hard to pick out which case really is egregious or abusive beyond the pale .
The Origin of the CD - Keys , Part Two { Penny Arcade ]
In a first for the United States , three internet service providers ( ISPs ) have agreed to block access to web sites that show child pornography , however not everyone is welcoming the move , with some groups claiming it raises censorship issues .
It may seem like an altruistic move , but ISPs Time Warner , Verizon and Sprint , were forced into the landmark agreement by New York Attorney - General Andrew Cuomo .
It took an eight - month undercover investigation in which his officers posed as subscribers to the ISPs .
When the officers ' complaints to the ISPs that they were allowing child pornography online were ignored , the Attorney - General threatened to charge the companies with fraud .
Now they have come on board and offered the non-government organisation , the Centre for Missing and Exploited Children , more than $ US1 million to set up the scheme .
Parry Aftab is an internet privacy and security lawyer and the founder of internet safety advocacy group , wiredsafety.org and he says the agreement means child pornography could potentially be wiped from the networks .
" What they 've done is they 've agreed to stop allowing anyone to access the channels that are frequently used for child pornography , and to use technology and people to help ferret it out wherever it is on their network , " he said .
" Children are exploited and killed often in the making of child pornography . "
However , the move has raised concerns over censorship , with some advocacy groups fearing it sets a dangerous precedent .
Mr Aftab agrees that issues have been raised as to whether or not it is appropriate that a non-government organisation potentially decides what is and what is not child pornography .
" The US National Centre for Missing and Exploited Children is non-governmental and governmental , " he said .
" It was created by a special act of congress , so although it is a non -profit it is also government controlled .
" It 's our official tip line in the United States on child pornography and it acts as a quasi - governmental unit in many cases .
" Everything 's regulated , if you 're a charity then you 're regulated , but yes it is regulated and overseen by the Government here . "
However the website for the National Centre for Missing and Exploited Children claims it is a private , non-profit organisation with a congressional mandate .
Australian censorship fears
The fact that a private organisation can essentially act as an official censor is why anti-censorship lobby group Electronic Frontiers does not want to see a similar scheme set up in Australia .
The organisation 's chairman , Dale Clapperton , says ultimately the agreement is a bad move .
" First and foremost placing the decision over what type of material is or is not child pornography in the hands of a non-governmental , non-transparent , non-accountable private organisation is fundamentally a bad move , " he said .
Mr Clapperton refers to the recent uproar over photographer Bill Henson 's artwork which raises issues of defining child pornography .
" We 've just recently seen in Australia the consequences of what can happen when an organisation such as this gets a bee in its bonnet about something they believe is child pornography , " he said .
" If this type of scheme was replicated in Australia , potentially access to all of his [ Bill Henson 's ] artworks would be blocked . "
The head of the School of Information Systems at Deakin University , Professor Matthew Warren , is another critic of the US system , but for technical reasons .
" The reason why it 's flawed is that it will only stop the access of these types of images via user groups , " he said .
" The flaw with the American approach is that it does n't focus on blocking inappropriate internet websites . "
Professor Warren argues that the Federal Government is coming up with a better system to stop the spread of child porn on the internet .
" The new Rudd Government is now in the process of implementing the strategy that will filter into their content at the internet service provider levels , " he said .
" So it means that people will have a clean feed of internet content to their site .
" The problem that 's been raised with that is that you 'd actually slow down the internet . "
Dale Clapperton argues the Australian approach is also flawed and says it will be difficult to ever fully prevent people from accessing child pornography on the internet .
" I do n't think that anybody is pretending for a moment that implementing this scheme here , such as they are going to do in New York , or what Labor has proposed , that Australia is actually going to be effective at preventing people from accessing child pornography on the internet , " he said .
Adapted from a report by David Mark for The World Today .
Obama ad slams McCain for pledge to protect offshore tax havens during Bermuda ' vacation ' Nick Juliano
Published : Tuesday September 23 , 2008
Print This Email This
In a new ad released Tuesday , Barack Obama 's presidential campaign slams Republican candidate John McCain for statements he made during a trip to Bermuda last year promising to protect the tax loopholes that allow corporations to do business from there and other offshore territories .
" Bermuda .
It s more than just a vacation destination for John McCain , " a narrator says in the new ad .
The spot cites an August 2007 report from the island territory 's local newspaper .
US Republican Presidential candidate John McCain has pledged to protect Bermuda 's international businesses if he is successful in his White House bid .
The Arizona Senator , who spent three days on the Island this week meeting business and political leaders , said he understood the concerns of the insurance and reinsurance sectors about draft legislation proposing a clampdown on US business operations in so - called tax havens .
He told The Royal Gazette : " The industry , the re-insurance that 's had such phenomenal success has been good for both nations .
I would oppose any measures that would upset that . "
Obama 's ad links that support to $ 50,000 in campaign contributions McCain received from " grateful insurance company executives and their lobbyists who benefit from the tax scheme . "
Obama 's campaign has been trying to capitalize on the recent financial meltdown that is dominating headlines and is trying to paint McCain as supporting the policies that started the crisis and offering little to help voters .
" John McCain .
He took a vacation , and so much more , the latest ad says .
" And we get more of the same . "
The following ad was released Tuesday by Obama 's campaign :
Full script :
Bermuda .
It s more than just a vacation destination for John McCain .
McCain went to Bermuda and while he was there pledged to protect tax breaks for American corporations that hide their profits offshore .
And grateful insurance company executives and their lobbyists who benefit from the tax scheme , gave McCain $ 50,000 .
John McCain .
He took a vacation , and so much more .
And we get more of the same .
The Latest UX Design Trends That Will Be Everywhere in 2020
Keeping track of the latest design trends is hard work , but not impossible .
Technological advancements have allowed for higher processing power , which in turn significantly improves UX design capability .
As we usher in the new decade , it might be the ideal time to refine your UX design skills .
Not only for the money - making aspect but also to unleash the inner creative in you .
Look around , and you ’ll see probably at least five people on their smartphones or tablets .
The popularity of any software product nowadays is anchored in the user experience .
As a UX designer , it is your primary objective to tweak a product while keeping branding , function , and design in mind for optimum usability .
Technology rapidly evolves , and so do the trends in UX design .
In this piece , we ’ll look at some of the hottest design trends in UX for 2020 .
That way , you wo n’t be out of place when the newest UX designs come rolling out this year .
What Are the Factors That Influence User Experience ?
UX design is user - centered .
Although design trends keep changing constantly , what remains constant is the fact that the user must be satisfied .
So do n’t get carried away in the design aspect and forget all about the user .
Here are a few factors to keep in mind that will influence user experience .
Findability
Findability refers to how easy it is to find a particular product is .
Remember , there ’s no way users are going to buy a product if they can’t find it .
The same goes for content .
Users are less likely to revisit or download your information product if they can’t find what they ’re looking for .
Accessibility
It ’s very easy for designers to overlook accessibility in their UX design .
However , you should remember that not everyone is as capable as most people .
Accessibility means taking the disabled into account during your UX design .
This means you consider people with visual , hearing , motion , or learning disabilities .
About 17.5 % of the American population has some form of functional disability .
Excluding these folks in your UX design could lock out a huge number of people .
That percentage translates to about 35 million Americans .
Now think about the whole world , if you have a global product .
Desirability
There ’s a lot to desirability than just aesthetics .
However , aesthetics do play a massive role in the desirability of a product .
Other than aesthetics , you should consider the identity , image , and emotional connection of the project .
Desirability is where a lot of UX designers really shine .
So we do n’t have to say too much about this factor .
Value
Your product must add value to the intended user .
Otherwise , they will discard it after a short while .
If your UX design is business - contracted , it must be an asset rather than a liability .
Without value addition , the success of your product pitch is likely to be a pipe dream .
UX Design Trends That Will Blow up This Year
Before getting to the juicy parts , you need to get it clear that UX and UI design are distinctively different .
The two are somehow interrelated , but they are nonetheless fundamentally different .
These differences make UX design and UI design separate things .
With that out of the way , let ’s dive straight into hottest UX design trends that are shaping 2020 .
Liquid Graphics
The liquid graphics we see today are a long way from what we used to see ten years ago .
Nowadays , you ’ll find liquid graphics everywhere , and people love them .
So it might be a good idea to jump on the bandwagon .
Designers plan to integrate more colors and effects this year to make liquid graphics even more mesmerizing than ever .
Dark Themes
Thanks to the Mojave update , dark themes have become super popular among UX designers .
It seems that the colorful themes became a bit trite .
Nowadays , organizations and companies settle for the dark theme to stand out from the rest .
Even applications have rolled out updates that feature dark themes .
Illustrations
Illustrations add a bit of playfulness and cheer to an otherwise drab design .
For illustrations , think hand - drawn graphics , pictures , and even vectors .
The point of illustrations is to have nothing too serious .
Illustrations make content more relatable and enhance the screen ’s artistic outlook .
However , be keen with your illustration , just because it ’s playful , it does n’t mean anything goes .
The Minimalist Approach
Minimalism is a way to sneak a bit of laziness into a brilliant design .
Minimalism suggests class , professionalism , and a dash of elitism .
Minimalism also shows advancement from the colorful themed invasion of 2018 .
After all , 2020 is a whole new decade .
If you pride in dealing with high - quality products , then minimalism is the approach you should take .
Personalization
Personalization gives a client or a firm a sense of identity .
Most clients would want products or content that reflects their organization identity or according to their preference .
Undoubtedly , you are a good UX designer , but always remember the customer is always right .
So at times , it ’s okay to have the backseat and let the client state his choices and preferences .
Photo - Centric Interfaces
Our phones ’ screens are getting clearer and clearer .
Apart from getting clearer , they ’re also getting bigger and bigger .
You can leverage this size and clarity to your advantage by having photo - driven interfaces .
Photography and pictures have a special place in people ’s hearts .
Just look at the popularity of Instagram .
If you choose this approach , you need to follow these two rules .
First , look for relevant , high - quality pictures for visual appeal .
Secondly , do n’t cramp the phone screen with lots of pictures or it wo n’t look as good .
Personal Touch Is Still Important in UX Design
Remember , these UX design trends are just for guidance .
Their personal flare determines good UX designers .
This is what will make you stand out from the rest of the pack .
Hopefully , you ’re now acquainted with the latest UX design trends for this year .
Now get to designing and make sure you share some of this juicy information .
For more articles on technology , games , and apps , be sure to check out our other exciting pieces .
WARREN BUFFETT :
Well , I can't tell you it 's exactly the right time .
I do n't try to time things , but I do try to price things .
And I 've got a formula that says bet on brains , and bet of them when it 's the right type of deal .
And in this case , there 's no better firm on Wall Street .
We 've done business with them for years , with Goldman , and the price was right , the terms were right , the people were right .
I decided to write a check .
BECKY : Does the backdrop of the Federal government potentially getting involved with a massive bailout plan for Wall Street , does that have anything to do with this deal ?
BUFFETT : Well , I would say this .
If I did n't think the government was going to act , I would not be doing anything this week .
I might be trying to undo things this week .
I am , to some extent , betting on the fact that the government will do the rational thing here and act promptly .
It would be a mistake to be buying anything now if the government was going to walk away from the Paulson proposal .
BECKY : Why would that be a mistake ?
Because the institutions would collapse , or because you could get a better price ?
CNBC.COM POLL : BUFFETT'S BET , A BOOST OF CONFIDENCE ?
BUFFETT : Well , there 's just no telling what would happen .
Last week we were at the brink of something that would have made anything that 's happened in financial history look pale .
We were very , very close to a system that was totally dysfunctional and would have not only gummed up the financial markets , but gummed up the economy in a way that would take us years and years to repair .
We 've got enough problems to deal with anyway .
I 'm not saying the Paulson plan eliminates those problems .
But it was absolutely , and is absolutely necessary , in my view , to really avoid going over the precipice .
CARL QUINTANILLA : Warren , we can almost hear you measuring your words as you speak , because what we 're talking about has such gravity .
There are people out there who either do n't , or are unwilling , to acknowledge what exactly , how serious the situation was last week .
And I 'm hearing you say is that , was it the most frightening experience you 've had in your lifetime , in terms of evaluating where this economy stands ?
BUFFETT : Yeah , well , both the economy and the financial markets , but there 're so intertwined that what happens , they 're joined at the hip .
And it does n't pay to get into horror stories in terms of naming institutions or anything .
But I will tell you that the market could not have , in my view , could not have taken another week like what was developing last week .
And setting forth the Paulson plan , it was the last thing , I think , that Hank Paulson wanted to do .
there 's no Plan B for this .
therawstory
John Byrne
Tape : Top CIA official confesses order to forge Iraq - 9/11 letter came on White House stationery
In damning transcript , ex-CIA official says Cheney likely ordered letter linking Hussein to 9/11 attacks
A forged letter linking Saddam Hussein to the Sept. 11 , 2001 attacks was ordered on White House stationery and probably came from the office of Vice President Dick Cheney , according to a new transcript of a conversation with the Central Intelligence Agency ’s former Deputy Chief of Clandestine Operations Robert Richer .
The transcript was posted Friday by author Ron Suskind of an interview conducted in June .
It comes on the heels of denials by both the White House and Richer of a claim Suskind made in his new book , The Way of The World .
The book was leaked to Politico ’s Mike Allen on Monday , and released Tuesday .
On Tuesday , the White House released a statement on Richer ’s behalf .
In it , Richer declared , “ I never received direction from George Tenet or anyone else in my chain of command to fabricate a document … as outlined in Mr. Suskind ’s book . ”
( Original Article )
WASHINGTON - The three top jobs at the Federal Emergency Management Agency under President Bush went to political cronies with no apparent experience coping with catastrophes , the Daily News has learned .
Even if Bush were to fire embattled and suddenly invisible FEMA Director Michael Brown over his handling of Hurricane Katrina , the bureaucrat immediately below him is no disaster professional , either .
While Brown ran horse shows in his last private - sector job , FEMA 's No. 2 man , deputy director and chief of staff Patrick Rhode , was an advance man for the Bush - Cheney campaign and White House .
He also did short stints at the Commerce Department and Small Business Administration .
Rhode 's biography posted on FEMA 's
Web site does n't indicate he has any real experience in emergency response .
In addition , the agency 's former third - ranking official , deputy chief of staff Scott Morris , was a PR expert who worked for Maverick Media , the Texas outfit that produced TV and radio spots for the Bush - Cheney campaign .
In June , Morris moved to Florida to become FEMA 's long - term recovery director .
" The Bush administration has apparently transformed FEMA from a professional , world - class emergency responder into a dumping ground for former campaign staff and political hacks , " said Rep. Carolyn Maloney ( D - Manhattan ) .
FEMA also is hampered by several midlevel and regional director 's jobs currently held by acting directors .
" Just like our military , FEMA should be immune to this kind of political staffing .
It should be run by career emergency response professionals , " Maloney added .
Traditionally , the Commerce and Labor departments have long been Washington 's dumping ground for presidential pals and campaign operatives - not the disaster relief agency .
Government sources blame Bush 's first FEMA director , Joe Allbaugh , with turning FEMA into a patronage shop .
He was chief of staff when Bush was Texas ' governor and later headed the 2000 Bush - Cheney campaign .
" He stacked the deck with political appointees , " a knowledgeable source said of Allbaugh , who had a reputation for running an efficient FEMA operation until he left the job in March 2003 .
FEMA is overseen by the Department of Homeland Security .
Officials at both agencies did not return phone calls or E - mails yesterday .
Originally published on September 7 , 2005
Once upon a time , in the olden days ( at least 25 years ago ) you went to the bank for a mortgage .
The banker checked your finances , and your down payment and gave you a fixed - rate , 30 - year loan .
Then they filed the documents away in the basement and sent you a bill every month for the payment .
And in the olden , olden days ( about 50 years ago ) your grandparents celebrated paying off their mortgage with a quaint " mortgage burning ceremony , " throwing those paid - off documents into the fireplace .
Now we 're in modern times .
To get a mortgage , you did n't need a down payment , you did n't need much documentation of your finances , and you did n't need to know your banker .
And your loan did n't necessarily have a fixed rate , or a fixed repayment schedule .
That would be adjusted later , based on changing global interest rates .
Brokers competed to make mortgage loans and earned a commission on every deal they sent to a financial services company or bank .
Those banks did n't store your mortgage in their vaults ; they packaged it up with a bunch of other mortgages and sold them to investment banks .
The investment banks found investors to divvy up these hundred - million - dollar loan packages , each buying a piece of the new " mortgage - backed security . "
And some of those loan packages were different kinds of loans , blended together , then sliced like a meatloaf , and served to investors ( banks , pension funds , hedge funds ) around the world .
So the first principal repayments on your loan went to one investor , while the last payments would be owned by another investor willing to accept more risk .
These package deals were attractive because mortgage loan rates were higher , and because these securities carried " ratings " indicating they were good investments .
After all , it 's common wisdom that people default on their mortgages only as a last resort !
Sure , the homeowner keeps making a monthly payment to one loan " servicer " -- but the " owners " of that loan are spread around the world , and a computer distributes the payments to them out of your monthly check .
It 's difficult , if not impossible , to get those holders together to agree on accepting a lower interest rate or lower monthly payments from a desperate homeowner .
If you were lucky enough that
Fannie Mae
( FNM )
or
Freddie Mac
( FRE )
took ownership of your loan , and packaged it up intact for sale to investors , you have a better chance at renegotiating the terms .
Fannie and Freddie are under huge pressure from the government , after their bailout , to work with you .
But first you have to get the attention of someone at the " servicing " company , hoping they 'll investigate to find the ultimate owner .
Sure , they 'll find
you
to evict you if you default on your loan .
And they 'll ultimately sell that foreclosed home and distribute the proceeds through their computerized system to the loan owners .
But do n't ask them to step in and help you avoid that fate by separating your loan from the package .
They do n't get paid for that !
There are a few places you can go to learn how to work your way through the system more efficiently .
The Federal Housing Administration ( FHA )
Web site has a section describing its "
Hope for Homeowners
" program , which was created by Congress to help distressed homeowners .
The Department of Housing and Urban development ( HUD ) features on it s Web site a
sample complaint letter
, which you can personalize and send to your lender .
By law , your lender must acknowledge your complaint letter within 20 days and respond within 60 days .
Plus , another interesting Web site ,
LoanSafe.org
, is filled with information about fighting foreclosure , along with a blog where people share their experiences in the process with various lenders .
With thousands of posts , at least you 'll know you 're not alone !
Bottom line :
The government and the political candidates can announce all the grandiose mortgage restructuring plans they can dream up .
But in real life , it 's almost impossible for people caught in this trap to get out .
Those mortgages are n't sitting in the bank 's vault .
They 've been packaged , and sold , and some have even been sliced into pieces and distributed around the world .
Getting all those owners of the mortgage to agree to restructure your loan is more difficult than it was getting Congress to agree on a bailout plan .
Only
this
delay will be even more costly to our finances , and our society .
And that 's The Savage Truth .
Nobody ever made a dime by panicking , says Jim Cramer .
Moneymaking opportunities exist despite the market turmoil .
So where 's a market master like Cramer putting his money these days ?
Check out his personal portfolio at Action Alerts PLUS .
Take a free trial now
.
Terry Savage is an expert on personal finance and also appears as a commentator on national television on issues related to investing and the financial markets .
Savage 's personal finance column in the Chicago Sun-Times is nationally syndicated .
She was the first woman trader on the Chicago Board Options Exchange and is a registered investment adviser for stocks and futures .
Savage currently serves as a director of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange Corp .
( I ’m working in an electronics retail store , and see a man in his late 40s with a kid no older then 10 . )
Me : “ Welcome , sir , did you get … ”
( I look in his cart and see that it ’s mostly filled with identical Spongebob DVDs . )
Me : “… everything ? ”
Man : “ I guess so . ”
Boy : “ MORE SPONGEBOB ! SPONGEBOB ! SPONGEBOB ! ”
Man : “ All right , let ’s go get some more . ”
( About 5 minutes later he comes back , with more Spongebob DVDs … the same ones , to be exact . )
Man : “ All right , I think this is enough . ”
( I ring him up , and the total comes to about $ 550.00 USD . )
Me : * whispering *
“ Uhh , sir … these are mostly the same thing . ”
Man : “ Oh , do n’t worry about it .
I hate my life anyway . ”
CONTEXT MATTERS ….
In her closing statement last night , Palin relied on a pleasant sounding quote from Reagan :
“ It was Ronald Reagan who said that freedom is always just one generation away from extinction .
We do n’t pass it to our children in the bloodstream ; we have to fight for it and protect it , and then hand it to them so that they shall do the same , or we ’re going to find ourselves spending our sunset years telling our children and our children ’s children about a time in America , back in the day , when men and women were free . ”
Jonathan Chait noted the context of Reagan ’s quote .
In fact , Reagan was not warning about a general lack of vigilance about freedom , he was warning what would happen if Medicare was enacted .
Oops .
The McCain aides probably should have checked that one a little closer before handing Palin the script .
The humble tomato could be a suitable carrier for an oral vaccine against Alzheimer ’s disease , according to HyunSoon Kim from the Korea Research Institute of Bioscience and Biotechnology ( KRIBB ) in Korea and colleagues from Digital Biotech Inc. and the Department of Biological Science at Wonkwang University .
Although their research is still in the early stages , it is a promising first step towards finding an edible vaccine against the neurodegenerative disease .
Alzheimer ’s disease is the most common cause of dementia and it progresses over a long period of time .
It is thought to be caused by the accumulation of human beta- amyloid , a toxic insoluble fibrous protein in the brain , which leads to the death of neurons .
Reducing the accumulation of beta- amyloid may inhibit the degeneration of the nervous system and therefore prevent or delay the onset of Alzheimer ’s disease .
One approach is to stimulate the immune system to reduce beta-amyloid in the brain .
Kim and colleagues ’ aim was to develop a plant - derived vaccine against Alzheimer ’s disease , since beta - amyloid is toxic to animal cells .
Tomatoes are an attractive candidate as a vaccine carrier because they can be eaten without heat treatment , which reduces the risk of destroying the immune stimulation potential of the foreign protein .
The researchers inserted the beta - amyloid gene into the tomato genome and measured the immune responses to the tomato - derived toxic protein in a group of 15 - month - old mice .
They immunized the mice orally with the transgenic tomato plants once a week for three weeks , and also gave the mice a booster seven weeks after the first tomato feed .
Blood analyses showed a strong immune response after the booster , with the production of antibodies to the human foreign protein .
The authors conclude : “ Although we did not reveal a reduction of existing plaques in the brain of mice challenged with tomato - derived beta- amyloid … this study represents a unique approach in which transgenic plants expressing beta- amyloid protein are used to produce a vaccine . ”
The team is currently looking at strategies to increase the potency of the tomato - based vaccine , because fresh tomatoes contain only 0.7 % protein and levels of foreign protein are even lower .
[ Physics FAQ ] - [ Copyright ]
Updated 1993 .
Original by Scott I. Chase .
The Superluminal Scissors
A Gedanken experiment
Imagine a huge pair of scissors , with blades one light year long .
The handle is only about two feet long , creating a huge lever arm , initially open by a few degrees .
Then you suddenly close the scissors .
This action takes about a tenth of a second .
Does n't the contact point where the two blades touch move toward the blades ' tips much faster than the speed of light ?
After all , the scissors close in a tenth of a second , but the blades are a light year long .
That seems to mean that the contact point has moved down the blades at the remarkable speed of 10 light years per second .
This is more than 108 times the speed of light !
But this seems to violate the most important rule of special relativity — that no signal can travel faster than light .
What 's going on here ?
Explanation
We have mistakenly assumed that the scissors do , in fact , close when you close the handle .
But in fact , according to special relativity , this is not at all what happens .
What does happen is that the blades of the scissors flex .
No matter what material you use for the scissors , SR sets a theoretical upper limit to the rigidity of the material .
In short , when you close the scissors , they bend .
The point at which the blades bend propagates down the blade at some speed less than the speed of light .
On the near side of this point , the scissors are closed .
On the far side of this point , the scissors remain open .
You have , in fact , sent a wave down the scissors , carrying the information that the scissors have been closed .
But this wave does not travel faster than light .
It will take at least one year for the tips of the blades , at the far end of the scissors , to feel any force whatsoever , and , ultimately , to come together to completely close the scissors .
As a practical matter , this theoretical upper limit to the rigidity of the metal in the scissors is far higher than the rigidity of any real material , so it would , in practice , take much much longer to close a real pair of metal scissors with blades as long as these .
One can analyze this problem microscopically as well .
The electromagnetic force binding the atoms of the scissors together propagates at the speed of light .
So if you displace some set of atoms in the scissor ( such as the entire handles ) , the force will not propagate down the scissor instantaneously .
This means that a scissor this big must cease to act as a rigid body .
You can move parts of it without other parts moving at the same time .
It takes some finite time for the changing forces on the scissor handles to propagate from atom to atom , letting the far tips of the blades " know " that the scissors have been closed .
Caveat
The contact point where the two blades meet is not a physical object .
So there is no fundamental reason why it could not move faster than the speed of light , provided that you arrange the experiment correctly .
In fact , it can be done with scissors provided that your scissors are short enough and wide open to start , very different conditions than those spelled out in the gedanken experiment above .
In this case it will take you quite a while to bring the blades together — more than enough time for light to travel to the tips of the scissors .
When the blades finally come together , if they have the right shape , the contact point can indeed move faster than light .
Think about the simpler case of two rulers pinned together at an edge point at the ends .
Slam the two rulers together and the contact point will move infinitely fast to the far end of the rulers at the instant they touch .
So long as the rulers are short enough that contact does not happen until the signal propagates to the far ends of the rulers , the rulers will indeed be straight when they meet .
Only if the rulers are too long will they be bent like our very long scissors , above , when they touch .
The contact point can move faster than the speed of light , but the energy ( or signal ) of the closing force cannot .
An analogy , equivalent in terms of information content , is , say , a line of strobe lights .
You want to light them up one at a time , so that the `bright ' spot travels faster than light .
To do so , you can send a luminal signal down the line , telling each strobe light to wait a little while before flashing .
If you decrease the waiting time with each successive strobe light , the apparent bright spot will travel faster than light , since the strobes on the end did n't wait as long after getting the go - ahead , as did the ones at the beginning .
But the bright spot can't pass the original signal , because then the strobe lights would n't know to flash .
Sometimes they can be funny , sometimes thought provoking , other times they just mess with your mind .
They ’ll always take your breath away though and make you wonder at the skills of the people that created them .
The following images are our favourite Photoshopped images .
If you ’ve seen better we ’d love to hear from you .
While promoting his new movie Towelhead , Aaron Eckhart ruined a cliffhanger about the end of The Dark Knight and threw a bucket of cold water on those expecting director Christopher Nolan to direct a third Batman movie .
For the five of you who still have n't seen The Dark Knight , SPOILER ALERT :
Harvey Dent is dead , Aaron Eckhart insists , and he's not coming back for any potential sequels .
And Christopher Nolan might not be back either :
Ain't It Cool News : Eckhart : I think Heath was the one that was going to come back .
And since he can 't ... ( Pauses )
You know , Chris has n't said that he 's going to make another one .
[ Interviewer ] : True .
He 's been on vacation .
I spoke to David Goyer at Comic Con , and he said there have been no discussions .
Eckhart : ( Smiling )
He never said he 's going to make another one .
I 'm sure they drove the Brinks truck up to his house and dumped money on his lawn .
But I think Chris wants to go out and make other movies , too .
And he should .
He 's an independent filmmaker at heart .
He 's got a lot of ideas .
We hate to break it to Aaron and Chris , but after the nearly $ 1 billion The Dark Knight made worldwide , Warner 's going to make a third movie whether they like it or not .
But for the sake of the franchise , we hope they get Nolan to direct .
MUMBAI : The state police can now bank on a forensic tool to achieve speedy convictions .
For the first time in Maharashtra , life sentences were meted out to the accused based on the findings of Brain Electrical Oscillation Signature ( BEOS ) profiling .
Reports of these tests , conducted at the state forensic lab in Kalina , were held admissible in sessions courts in two brutal cases of murder .
Last month , MBA students Aditi Sharma and her lover Pravin Khandelwal were pronounced guilty by a Pune sessions court for conspiring to murder a fellow student .
The deceased , Udit Bharati , was Aditi 's ex-boyfriend and was poisoned with ' prasad ' laced with arsenic .
In January , a supari shop employee Amin Bhoi was convicted by the Sewri sessions court for hammering his colleague to death and robbing the shop .
Both Aditi and Amin underwent BEOS tests and the findings clearly indicated their involvement in the murders .
Both convictions were announced within 14 months of the arrests .
During BEOS profiling , an accused is asked not to give answers verbally ; experiential knowledge is retrieved from his brain .
Experiential knowledge is acquired only through participation in an event , leading the person to have an experience of that activity .
The technique detects and differentiates whether the accused was actually involved in committing a crime or only learnt of it .
It helps in the reconstruction of events .
" BEOS involves the application of electro - encephalogram .
Electrodes are attached to different parts of the brain to detect electrical activation in the brain .
The accused is asked to wear a cap with 32 electrodes , of which two are placed on each earlobe and rest on various parts of the brain .
Probes ( short questions ) are recorded in a computer and presented to an accused .
He is asked to sit with eyes closed and listen to the probes , " director of the state forensic lab , Rukmani Krishnamurthy , told TOI .
The probes would evoke remembrance of the experience that the accused would have had .
Such remembrance is accompanied by extensive changes in the electrical oscillation pattern in the brain .
No manual analysis is involved in this system .
Findings of the BEOS test conducted on Aditi revealed the presence of experiential knowledge on probes depicting her having an affair with Udit , taking admission with him at an MBA institute in Wakad ( Pune ) , having some inter-personal conflict with Udit and therefore , both of them not speaking to each other much .
It was also found in the BEOS profiling that Aditi knew Udit was not happy about her relationship with Pravin .
Aditi was found to have experiential knowledge for having a plan to murder Udit by giving him arsenic .
Experiential knowledge was also found of her having gone to a temple to collect ' prasad ' , buying arsenic from a shop , calling up Udit and giving him the poison - laced ' prasad ' .
Emotional experience of getting relieved and scared in connection with giving the arsenic laced ' prasad ' to Udit was also found present on the BEOS test .
Aditi also underwent a lie - detector test , which revealed deception on all relevant questions .
The judgment copy dedicates about 10 pages on how the BEOS technique was conducted .
In the second case at Chembur , Amin was accused of hammering his colleague Ramdullar Singh to death while the latter was asleep in the ' supari ' shop where the duo worked .
A ' sattur ' ( sharp weapon used to break open coconuts ) was used in the killing .
Reports of Amin's BEOS tests were positive .
The Sewri sessions court , which convicted Amin , also observed that his intention was clearly to murder Singh so that robbing the shop would be easier .
Mumbai crime branch chief Rakesh Maria said that while BEOS was a useful technique of examination , it could n't achieve conviction all by itself .
" The technique needs to be corroborated with other evidence , " Maria said .
In Mumbai , BEOS profiling was conducted on an accused in the sensational Aarushi Talwar murder case .
Vijay Mandal , a house help of the Talwars ' neighbour , was brought to the Kalina forensic lab on June 29 by the CBI .
Recently , the British Psychology Society organised a seminar on BEOS , where experts from the Kalina lab presented a paper .
nitasha.natu@timesgroup.com
There were no game changers in last night 's Vice Presidential debate , but the American people were treated to more rambling , incoherent non-answers from Republican Sarah Palin .
Among the head scratching moments was this rant about nuclear weapons .
Palin starts off on one of her " US Americans -- such as " answers about how America uses nukuler weapons safely , yadda , yadda , yadda .
Here 's the money line :
" Uh , nukuler weaponry , of course , would be the be-all , end - all of just too many people and too many parts of our planet so those dangerous regimes again cannot be allowed to acquire nukuler weapons , period . "
Huh ?
Notice how once she realizes she 's not making any sense and talks herself into a corner , she changes the subject .
One need look no further than this clip to see that she is the most unqualified , unfit candidate to run for Vice President in modern U.S. history .
The thought of this person being anywhere near our nukes scares the living daylights out of me .
How about you ?
San Francisco - The Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) and a coalition of public interest groups called on four television networks today to stop stifling vibrant political debate on the Internet with overreaching copyright claims and proposed two measures to help YouTube protect online political speech in the final days before America 's presidential election .
In an open letter sent to CBS , the Christian Broadcasting Network ( CBN ) , Fox , and NBC , the coalition asked the broadcasters to stop sending takedown requests based on copyright in short clips of news footage used in election - related videos .
Last week , the McCain - Palin campaign contacted YouTube after CBS , CBN , and Fox targeted the campaign 's videos for removal from YouTube .
The Obama - Biden campaign has had at least one of its videos removed from YouTube in response to a similar copyright demand from NBC .
" The videos at issue include clips of news footage that last only a few seconds , used as part of constitutionally - protected political speech .
This is not piracy , but fair use , no different from what Saturday Night Live and The Daily Show do every night , " said EFF Senior Intellectual Property Attorney Fred von Lohmann .
" Sending unfounded takedown notices is not only against the law , it also threatens to interfere with the vibrant political debate occurring on community video sites like YouTube .
Remixing the news to make your point is what political speech looks like in the 21st century . "
The networks ' use of copyright law to remove the videos is especially disappointing as CBS , NBC - Universal , and Fox have all officially endorsed " User - Generated Content Principles " ( www.ugcprinciples.com) aimed at accommodating legitimate fair use of their material .
In a separate open letter written to YouTube , the coalition suggests two measures to protect all video contributors from unfounded takedown demands .
First , all " counter - notices " sent by YouTube users protesting copyright takedown demands should be immediately reviewed by YouTube staff , and the video immediately restored if it is a clear case of fair use .
Second , once a user has already provided a valid counter - notice , then YouTube should also review any further takedown notice issued to any video posted to the account .
" In clear cases of fair use , YouTube should stand firmly behind the interests of its user community , " said von Lohmann .
" You Tube has nothing to fear by hosting videos that do not infringe anyone 's copyright . "
In addition to EFF , the coalition includes the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) ; the ACLU of Northern California ; the Citizen Media Law Project at Harvard 's Berkman Center ; Anthony Falzone , the executive director of Stanford 's Fair Use Project ; the Center for Social Media , School of Communication , American University ; the Program for Information Justice & Intellectual Property , American University Law School ; and Public Knowledge .
For the full letter to the television networks :
http://www.eff.org/files/filenode/ip_freespeech/letter+to+networks.pdf
For the full letter to YouTube :
http://www.eff.org/files/filenode/ip_freespeech/letter+to+YouTube.pdf
For more on user - generated content and political speech :
http://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2008/08/election-approaches-do-your-part-protect-political
Contacts :
Corynne McSherry
Staff Attorney
Electronic Frontier Foundation
corynne@eff.org
Fred von Lohmann
Senior Intellectual Property Attorney
Electronic Frontier Foundation
fred@eff.org
Artificial electric eel cells could be implanted in the human body to generate power for medical implants and other small devices .
That 's according to new research by American scientists , which suggests it 's possible to build artificial cells replicating the electrical behaviour of electric eel cells .
Not only that , the researchers claim , but the artificial cells could deliver a higher performance than the real ones – by more than 40 per cent .
According to NIST engineer David LaVan and Yale University scientist Jian Xu , small , stacked layers of artificial cells could be capable of producing continuous power output of about 300 microwatts – enough to drive small implant devices .
Touch - sensitive tables
In other news , dining went digital in London this week , with restaurant and bar Inamo launching a new interactive service that projects colourful menus onto touch - senstive tabletops .
As well as general browsing , patrons can preview the food , order interactively , change the ambience of their individual table – and even book cabs .
Back to the Future
Talking of futuristic , if you 're in the market for a new vehicle , beware .
A man who was fined in 2003 for selling " ' fraudulent unregistered stock ' " on the internet was been spotted selling a " flying saucer " on eBay on Tuesday .
If a flying car is , indeed , what you 're after , may we point you towards Terrafugia 's Transition instead .
Set to go on sale next year , the $ 194,000 vehicle is more " roadable aircraft " than car .
With four wheels , Formula One–style suspension , and a pair of 10 - foot - wide wings ( that fold up while it 's on land ) , it 's been described as " a single - engine , rear - propeller airplane that just happens to be street - legal " .
Gadget therapy
Here 's one for everyone at work who went out last night : the iSleep concept .
A soft pillow that attaches to your laptop , it fills with warm air when you close the lid , playing soothing music for 10 minutes before sounding a gentle alarm to wake you up .
So simple , and yet so effective ; catching a few zees under the desk could one day be a thing of the past …
If you do happen to spot a colleague catching said zees ( we 've all done it … ) , it might be nice to give them a little nudge with a Mechamo Crab & Halloween Hack .
A creepy crab robot with the head of a Cabbage Patch Kid doll , it should do just the trick .
And finally …
Trigger - happy police in Wales have been criticised for tasering a runaway sheep , it was reported earlier this week .
Horrified motorists watched in disbelief as a police officer blasted the ram – which was holding up traffic – to clear the dual carriageway .
The sheep was later returned ( still alive ) to a near - by field .
The RSPCA has said it will investigate the incident .
The mother who gets her 13 - year - old to behave ... by giving her cigarettes
Teenager Sam
Holt 's behaviour would leave most parents in despair - drinking , smoking , taking drugs and having sex .
But the 13 - year - old 's mother thinks it is ' sweet ' rather than shocking .
Tracy
Holt even rewards her daughter with cigarettes on the rare occasions when she does behave .
Unorthodox : Sam Holt and her mother Tracy light up together
Miss Holt , 43 , knows
Sam drinks but is just relieved that it 's not more than a couple of cans of lager a night .
And she decided not to get angry about her daughter losing her virginity at 12 , instead insisting that Sam uses contraception .
Miss Holt , a jobless single mother with two other adult children , told Closer magazine : ' I do n't see the point in punishing her .
' If I ground her , I 'm just punishing myself because I have to put up with her in the house .
Instead , I reward her good behaviour by giving her cigarettes .
If she 's bad , she goes without .
' She 's a little comedian .
I let her get away with a lot of cheek .
It 's sweet . '
Giving out cigarettes as a reward ' works ' , she insisted .
Miss
Holt said : ' There are a lot worse things she could be doing .
' We 've all got to die sometime .
I have n't got cancer from smoking so she 'll probably be all right anyway . '
Sam 'only drinks a couple of cans a night '
Miss
Holt explained away her daughter 's under - age sex .
' I did n't punish her , ' she said .
' It was n't a one - night stand .
She had been dating the guy for a couple of weeks .
' I took her to the doctor 's the next day to get her on the Pill .
I 've told her to use condoms as well . '
Sam admits having had four sexual partners in less than a year but said : ' I only sleep with boyfriends .
I worry about getting pregnant because I do n't want kids until I 'm married so I always use condoms . '
The teenager claims being given cigarettes for her 15 - a - day habit has helped her behaviour .
Sam said : ' If Mum tells me to tidy my room , I ignore her but if she offers me a fag , I do it . '
Miss Holt , who smokes 20 a day , also appears relaxed about her daughter 's other pastimes .
She said : ' Sam often hangs out with her mates on the streets and they 'll drink lager and smoke pot .
' I think she only drinks a couple of cans a night , so I 'm lucky she is n't a proper drunk .
' She smokes a joint every now and then .
I do n't think she 's tried anything harder . '
Sam 's record at school would also concern most parents .
She has been excluded for bad behaviour more than 40 times .
Miss
Holt believes her daughter began to go off the rails after her partner left the family home in Gosport , Hampshire , three years ago .
' Sam got suspended for the first time after she climbed on to the school roof , ' she said .
' I shouted at her and then explained she should n't climb on roofs because she could fall off .
I did n't know what else to do . '
Recalling the moment Sam blurted out that she had lost her virginity when she was just 12 , Miss Holt said : ' I thought it was a joke , so I laughed .
I was disappointed .
No mother wants to know her 12 - year - old is having sex but I 'm glad she told me .
I did n't show I was angry and just kept it to myself . '
Miss
Holt blames teachers at Sam 's former school for being ' too soft ' .
She said : ' Now she is at a special school where there are fewer kids in each class .
' Hopefully these teachers will be stricter and she will finally get the discipline that 's needed . '
Father Reminds Child He Should Never Ever Handle Gun Unless He ’s Super Bored
JASPER , IN — Stressing the firearm was for “ emergencies only , ” local father Kenny Webb reminded his son Nolan that he should never ever handle his gun unless he ’s super bored , household sources confirmed Tuesday .
“ Let me be clear :
This gun is not a …
The end of global deregulatory reform
“ Tyler Cowen ” : http://www.marginalrevolution.com/marginalrevolution/2008/09/ive-always-want.html points to this “ NYT article ” : http://www.nytimes.com/2008/09/18/business/worldbusiness/18rescue.html on the international fallout from the current market crisis in the US .
Is the United States no longer the global beacon of unfettered , free - market capitalism ?
In extending a last - minute $ 85 billion lifeline to American International Group , the troubled insurer , Washington has not only turned away from decades of rhetoric about the virtues of the free market and the dangers of government intervention , but it has also probably undercut future American efforts to promote such policies abroad .
“ I fear the government has passed the point of no return , ” said Ron Chernow , a leading American financial historian .
“ We have the irony of a free - market administration doing things that the most liberal Democratic administration would never have been doing in its wildest dreams . ” …
Mr. Monti said that past financial crises in Asia , Russia and Mexico brought government to the fore , “ but this is the first time it ’s in the heart of capitalism , which is enormously more damaging in terms of the credibility of the market economy . ”
I could sort - of - plausibly claim that “ I told you so back in March ” : https://crookedtimber.org/2008/03/25/rhineland-capitalism-1-liberal-market-capitalism-0/#more-6764, but , like everyone else , I grossly underestimated the future and continuing consequences of the unraveling of the US credit markets .
This is a genuinely epochal moment in US politics .
But it has equally significant implications for the global political economy .
The last three decades have seen two important shifts among advanced industrialized economies .
The first is the move away from state ownership of large chunks of the economy , and the replacement of hands - on government control with a variety of regulatory instruments .
This has happened across all countries in the industrialized world – there are few developed states which still directly own substantial parts of their economy .
The second is more specific and recent – the tendency to replace ‘ heavy - handed ’ forms of regulation with ‘ regulation with a light touch ’ and self - regulation .
This has been most marked in Anglo - American economies , but other countries ( in continental Europe and elsewhere ) have faced persistent ideological pressures to move in this direction .
This is a large chunk of the so - called ‘ reform ’ agenda that the Economist magazine , the OECD and other such bodies keep pushing .
Both of these shifts are largely ideological – that is , they gained much of their impetus from changes in the ideas which constitute policy - makers ’ shared collective wisdom about how to deal with the economy .
The second shift ( the reform agenda ) is now a busted flush .
Its proponents are in disarray ( if I ’m feeling in a vindictive mood , I may well buy a copy of the next Economist to see how its editorialists try to rationalize all of this ) .
But what is utterly startling to me is that the first bit – the claim that the state should n’t be directly involved in running the economy – is under serious threat too .
I genuinely had n’t expected this to happen .
As the NYT notes , countries like France are using US actions as a way to justify state involvement in picking and supporting national champions .
In a couple of years , perhaps we ’ll see a new version of ‘le Plan ’ ( I ’m half - joking here – but only half - joking ) .
As Tyler says :
The economic fallout from these events is dominating the headlines .
The intellectual and ideological fallout we are just beginning to contemplate .
Mark Blyth ’s book , “ Great Transformations ” : http://www.amazon.com/gp/redirect.html?ie=UTF8&location=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amazon.com%2FGreat-Transformations-Economic-Institutional-Twentieth%2Fdp%2F0521010527%3Fie%3DUTF8%26s%3Dbooks%26qid%3D1221744914%26sr%3D8-1&tag=henryfarrell-20&linkCode=ur2&camp=1789&creative=9325 has a theory of the relationship between economic crises and economic ideas .
Very roughly speaking , when a crisis occurs that is difficult or impossible for the prevailing wisdom to explain or deal with , intellectual entrepreneurs have an opportunity to create a new ( partly self - reinforcing ) collective wisdom .
We ’re most likely in just such a crisis now .
Which set of intellectual entrepreneurs are going to succeed in reshaping a new collective wisdom – economic nationalists like Sarkozy and Putin , social democratic globalizers like Dani Rodrik , or some other crowd entirely – I have no idea .
WASHINGTON
I do n’t agree with those muttering darkly that the picture of Gov. Sarah Palin with a perky smile and shapely gams posing with a pleased Henry Kissinger , famous for calling power the ultimate aphrodisiac , is a sign of the apocalypse .
It is n’t even a sign of the apocalipstick .
How the mighty 85 - year - old Henry the K has fallen from his days chasing Jill St. John and running the world to his hour briefing of a 44 - year - old Wasilla hockey mom who may end up running the world .
Governor Palin knows a lot about the End of Days from her years at the Pentecostal Wasilla Assembly of God , which had preached ( after a war in the Middle East about light vanquishing darkness ) that Alaska would be a shelter for Rapturous “ saved ” Christians at the end of times when they ascend to heaven .
Sarah was motorcading around Manhattan even as a “ greed is good ” Wall Street experienced an End of Days vibe while a world gone sour on America descended on the United Nations .
Thank you for all the support you have shared with my family , especially to my sister Chuka .
This was a wonderful faith journey and I appreciate all your prayers and financial support put into this journey for saving my sister ’s life , more so the continuing prayer and support when we were seeking to have my sister ’s surgery done overseas .
Thank you for all the support you have shared with my family , especially to my sister Chuka .
This was a wonderful faith journey and I appreciate all your prayers and financial support put into this journey for saving my sister ’s life , more so the continuing prayer and support when we were seeking to have my sister ’s surgery done overseas .
Yes you have understood correctly , my sister ’s liver transplant surgery was done overseas ( out of originally intended Singapore ) and she is currently having post - operation care in Singapore now .
It brings me no small measure of comfort in knowing our sister is being so generously taken care of by friends like you till today .
To be sure , the process at hand was both dangerous and difficult , but with your continued support and God ’s grace , these most trying challenges and risks are now behind us .
The words " Thank you " seem so light about now .
I cannot express adequately the breadth and depth of my gratitude for your efforts and diligence in supporting my sister ’s liver transplant surgery .
Also please express my family ’s sincere appreciation to the friends and relatives whom we do not know personally who have supported this journey for us .
Words and phrases like “ do n’t give up ” , “ God is in control ” and “ Love others as you love yourself ” have truly been motivation for me and my wife to go through this journey together with your support till today .
Also God has protected me as her potential living donor .
Thanks for your wise counseling and care for my well being as well .
Now , it is hard for me to imagine what would have happened to me had I been under the operation table as donor .
Yes my sister instead has received her liver from a cadaver donor ( dead person ’s liver ) which was , thank God , a good match for her in time .
Please continually support her through your powerful prayer and words of encouragement as she continues to go for her post operation care in Singapore ( about next 3 months ) .
However , we still need to put a hold on saying my sister is completely well and recovered at this moment in time while she undergoes her post - operation care .
Also your financial contributions almost perfectly matched with operation cost and we still do have remaining use for her post - operation costs now .
It seems everything is going just so good to be true so far .
The impact that your love and care for us was life changing .
It depicts the true meaning of “ Love one another as Christ loved us ” .
God Bless You All .
And Merry Christmas and Happy New year .
Sincerely ,
Juvaa Batdorj ( Bataa ) and Ganbold Gantuya ( Ganaa )
Staff with Mongolia Campus Crusade for Christ since 1997 as full time servant of Christ
Labels : bataa , chuka , liver transplant , post - operation
Tiny House Stove Build Categories : Uncategorized Author : Jake von Slatt I cut down an old Trolla 107A cast iron stove from the 1970 ’s to make a tiny house sized wood burning stove for my school bus RV conversion project .
The cut down stove incorporates a fire grate and a labyrinthine damper to extend burn time .
Continue Reading
It is one of the conceits of our race that we are quite full of our own intelligence .
Hopefully , one day we ’ll run across a vastly more intelligent species and be put in our collective place .
But until then , we ’ll keep on calling our own intelligence the best thing since sliced bread — something , I should point out , that our intelligence invented , and still thinks itself mighty clever for having come up with .
In nearly every fantasy universe , humans are the smartest creatures around .
Even elves , the high variety of which are frequently portrayed as wiser than people , are really just humans with pointy ears .
If you do n’t believe me , just ask a half - elf , or a quarter - elf , or a third - elf .
Now compare that against all of the stupid races in fantasy universes : goblins , orcs , trolls , ogres , etc .
They ’re all so dumb one wonders how they even manage to put their armor on in the morning .
To make up for their incredible stupidity , these creatures are also given incredible strength .
The human protagonists in the story must therefore rely on their cunning , their wit , and their intelligence to triumph over the enemies .
Even magic is nothing more than a form of intelligence made physically manifest — the art of spellcasting is portrayed as an academic endeavor , in which the most studious become the most powerful .
The concept of fantasy magic is the ultimate in human intelligence navel - gazing .
Even in non-fantasy media , the protagonists typically defeat their human rivals by outsmarting them .
The movies in which the protagonist defeats his nemesis simply by beating on him more powerfully are few and far between — and of those that do exist , most of them involve sport , an activity so frequently fetishized by commentators that all connections to reality are lost .
You simply can’t have a compelling story without a triumph of the mind .
It ’s understandable , really : while our eyes merely gaze at the movie screen , it ’s our own mind that is truly watching it , and minds do harbor sympathies for other minds .
We value human intelligence so greatly because we are the only beings on the planet who possess anything close to it .
When we triumph over a lion , a bear , or a hippopotamus in nature , we do so not by brute force , but through our intelligence .
In one - on - one hand - to - hand combat , a fight against an elephant is n’t remotely fair .
Allow the human use of a simple hand - held weapon such as a spear and the odds tighten considerably .
Now give him a modern weapon that represents the apex of human intelligence — say , an F - 22 joint strike fighter — and the elephant is easily reduced to a cloud of pink mist that has no chance whatsoever of retaliating against the human roaring away at Mach 2 a couple miles above it .
It is no surprise , then , that our fantasy worlds mimic very much the real world .
Even though we make our villain fantasy races anthropomorphic ( an orc is frequently portrayed as being a human with prominent boar features , for instance ) , even though we give them the ability to speak language , they represent nothing more than the animals of our own world , which we are used to accustomed to dominating completely .
Are the fantasy creatures more intelligent ?
Certainly .
It ’s not a fair fight if the man - sized enemies do n’t use weapons .
But ultimately all that they really are is animals .
No wonder fantasy story lines follow the races of player characters : humans , elves , dwarves , gnomes , and others — all of which are pretty much the same as humans , sharing the same relative physical weaknesses , but possessing the same mental prowesses .
So it makes sense that human intelligences are most entertained by the dealings of other human intelligences , and that is thus what our fictions focus upon .
It makes sense that in our fantasies we conduct battle against either humans or animals , because that is all we really know about fighting against in our own world — except in fantasy even the animals frequently look like humans because we really are that obsessed with ourselves .
Yes , we humans really are quite full of ourselves , but seeing the complete lack of alternatives , who can blame us ?
Sarah Palin has a pregnant teenager .
And , she ’s not alone .
According to a report published in 2007 , there are more than 400,000 other American girls in the same predicament .
In fact , a 2001 Unicef report said that the United States teenage birthrate was higher than any other member of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development .
The U.S. tied Hungary for the most abortions .
This was in spite of the fact that girls in the U.S. were not the most sexually active .
Denmark held that title .
But , its teenage birthrate was one - sixth of ours , and its teenage abortion rate was half of ours .
If there is a shame here , it ’s a national shame  a failure of our puritanical society to accept and deal with the facts .
Teenagers have sex .
How often and how safely depends on how much knowledge and support they have .
Crossing our fingers that they wo n’t cross the line is not an intelligent strategy .
John McCain kept telling us he was n’t “ Miss Congeniality . ”
Does he even remember that proudly he votes with Bush 90 % of the time ?
Does he even remember that he worked hard to be the “ Best Surrogate ” for George Bush in 2000 and 2004 .
Or , does John McCain just think he can lie and get away with it ?
Either he ’s forgetting or he ’s lying .
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5g5Wl2gg6o8]
Now , McCain wants to get Bush re-elected in 2008 .
:
P
On this page :
A few weeks back I had talked about the need to watch properties of an object and be able to take action when certain values changed .
The need for this arose out of wanting to build generic components that could ' attach ' themselves to other objects .
One example is a drop shadow - if I add a shadow behavior to an object I want the shadow to be pinned to that object so when that object moves I also want the shadow to move with it , or when the panel is hidden the shadow should hide with it - automatically without having to explicitly hook up monitoring code to the panel .
For example , in my shadow plug - in I can now do something like this ( where el is the element that has the shadow attached and sh is the shadow ) :
if ( ! exists ) // if shadow was created el.watch ( " left , top , width , height , display " , function ( ) { if ( el.is ( " : visible " ) ) $ ( this ) .shadow ( opt ) ; // redraw else sh.hide ( ) ; } , 100 , " _shadowMove " ) ;
The code now monitors several properties and if any of them change the provided function is called .
So when the target object is moved or hidden or resized the watcher function is called and the shadow can be redrawn or hidden in the case of visibility going away .
So if you run any of the following code :
$ ( " #box " ) . shadow ( ) . draggable ( { handle : " .blockheader " } ) ; // drag around the box - shadow should follow // hide the box - shadow should disappear with box setTimeout ( function () { $ ( " #box " ) .hide ( ) ; } , 4000 ) ; // show the box - shadow should come back too setTimeout ( function () { $ ( " #box " ) . show ( ) ; } , 8000 ) ;
This can be very handy functionality when you 're dealing with objects or operations that you need to track generically and there are no native events for them .
For example , with a generic shadow object that attaches itself to any another element there 's no way that I know of to track whether the object has been moved or hidden either via some UI operation ( like dragging ) or via code .
While some UI operations like jQuery .ui.draggable would allow events to fire when the mouse is moved nothing of the sort exists if you modify locations in code .
Even tracking the object in drag mode this is hardly generic behavior - a generic shadow implementation can't know when dragging is hooked up .
So the watcher provides an alternative that basically gives an Observer like pattern that notifies you when something you 're interested in changes .
In the watcher hookup code ( in the shadow ( ) plugin ) above a check is made if the object is visible and if it is the shadow is redrawn .
Otherwise the shadow is hidden .
The first parameter is a list of CSS properties to be monitored followed by the function that is called .
The function called receives this as the element that 's been changed and receives two parameters :
The array of watched objects with their current values , plus an index to the object that caused the change function to fire .
How does it work
When I wrote it about this last time I started out with a simple timer that would poll for changes at a fixed interval with setInterval ( ) .
A few folks commented that there are is a DOM API - DOMAttrmodified in Mozilla and propertychange in IE that allow notification whenever any property changes which is much more efficient and smooth than the setInterval approach I used previously .
On browser that support these events ( FireFox and IE basically - WebKit has the DOMAttrModified event but it does n't appear to work ) the shadow effect is instant - no ' drag behind ' of the shadow .
Running on a browser that does n't support still uses setInterval ( ) and the shadow movement is slightly delayed which looks sloppy .
There are a few additional changes to this code - it also supports monitoring multiple CSS properties now so a single object can monitor a host of CSS properties rather than one object per property which is easier to work with .
For display purposes position , bounds and visibility will be common properties that are to be watched .
Here 's what the new version looks like :
$.fn. watch = function ( props , func , interval , id ) { /// < summary > ///
Allows you to monitor changes in a specific /// CSS property of an element by polling the value .
/// when the value changes a function is called .
///
The function called is called in the context /// of the selected element ( ie. this ) /// </summary > /// < param name = " prop " type = " String " >CSS Property to watch .
If not specified ( null ) code is called on interval </ param > /// < param name = " func " type = " Function " >
///
Function called when the value has changed .
/// </ param > /// < param name = " func " type = " Function " > /// optional id that identifies this watch instance .
Use if /// if you have multiple properties you 're watching .
/// </ param > /// < param name = " id " type = " String " >
A unique ID that identifies this watch instance on this element </ param > /// < returns type=" jQuery " /> if ( ! interval ) interval = 200 ; if ( ! id ) id = " _watcher " ; return this .each ( function ( ) { var _t = this ; var el = $ ( this ) ; var fnc = function ( ) { __watcher.call ( _t , id ) } ; var it Id = null ; if ( typeof ( this .onpropertychange ) == " object " ) el.bind ( " propertychange . " + id , fnc ) ; else if ( $.browser.mozilla ) el.bind ( " DOMAttrModified . " + id , fnc ) ; else it Id = setInterval ( fnc , interval ) ; var data = { id : it Id , props : props.split( " , " ) , func : func , vals : [ ] } ; $.each(data.props , function ( i ) { data.vals [ i ] = el.css(data.props [i ] ) ; } ) ; el.data( id , data ) ; } ) ; function __watcher ( id ) { var el = $ ( this ) ; var w = el.data( id ) ; var changed = false ; var i = 0 ; for ( i ; i < w.props.length ; i++) { var newVal = el.css ( w.props [i ] ) ; if ( w.vals [ i ] != newVal ) { w.vals [ i ] = newVal ; changed = true ; break ; } } if ( changed && w.func ) { var _t = this ; w.func.call( _t , w , i ) } } } $ .fn. unwatch = function ( id ) { this .each ( function ( ) { var w = $ ( this ) .data ( id ) ; var el = $ ( this ) ; el.removeData ( ) ; if ( typeof ( this .onpropertychange ) == " object " ) el.unbind ( " propertychange . " + id , fnc ) ; else if ( $.browser.mozilla ) el.unbind ( " DOMAttrModified . " + id , fnc ) ; else clearInterval ( w.id ) ; } ) ; return this ; }
There are basically two jQuery functions - watch and unwatch .
jQuery.fn.watch( props , func , interval , id )
Starts watching an element for changes in the properties specified .
props
The CSS properties that are to be watched for changes .
If any of the specified properties changes the function specified in the second parameter is fired .
func ( watchData , index )
The function fired in response to a changed property .
Receives this as the element changed and object that represents the watched properties and their respective values .
The first parameter is passed in this structure : { id : it Id , props : [ ] , func : func , vals : [ ] } ; A second parameter is the index of the changed property so data . props [ i ] or data.vals [ i ] gets the property value that has changed .
interval
The interval for setInterval ( ) for those browsers that do n't support property watching in the DOM .
In milliseconds .
id
An optional id that identifies this watcher .
Required only if multiple watchers might be hooked up to the same element .
The default is _watcher if not specified .
jQuery.fn.unwatch(id)
Unhooks watching of the element by disconnecting the event handlers .
id
Optional watcher id that was specified in the call to watch .
This value can be omitted to use the default value of _watcher .
You can also grab the latest version of the code for this plug - in as well as the shadow in the full library at :
http://www.west-wind.com:8080/svn/jquery/trunk/jQueryControls/Resources/ww.jquery.js
watcher has no other dependencies although it lives in this larger library .
The shadow plug - in depends on watcher .
Prominent Green Party supporter and environmentalist Guy Dauncey is urging Vancouver Island voters to forsake all Green Party candidates and vote NDP and Liberal in ridings where they can defeat Conservatives .
Dauncey , who says he wrote the national Green Party 's climate platform , calls on voters to support four NDP candidates and one Liberal candidate .
Dauncey makes no recommendation between an NDP and Liberal candidate in another riding .
Green leader Elizabeth May has said she is strongly opposed to strategic voting .
Here is Dauncey 's complete email :
Dear Friends ,
Voting on Vancouver Island
I know it hurts to vote against your instinct , to make that all - important democratic tick for a party other than the one you believe in .
Under our antiquated , colonial , discriminatory , stupid , undemocratic , first - past - the - post voting system , however , when we split the progressive vote not two but three ways , every vote for a candidate who has little chance of winning makes Conservatives cheer .
They are laughing all the way to a possible majority government , packed with Conservative MPs many of whom ,
If the disgraced MP Maxime Bernier is anything to go by , think climate change is a joke , a Rocky Horror Show of doom and gloom dreamed up by us eco - freaks .
I have been a member of the Green Party in Britain and Canada , on and off , for 35 years .
I wrote our Canadian Green Party 's climate platform , that was awarded the highest rating by the Pembina Institute .
And I am urging all people of a progressive hue not to vote Green , but to vote strategically , to put aside party loyalty for greater loyalty to our Planet Earth .
We absolutely must stop the Conservatives from getting back into power .
A Liberal / NDP / Green coalition government ( hoping Elizabeth May gets elected ) would get Canada back on track with committed action on climate change .
In Vancouver Island North , this clearly means voting for Catherine Bell , NDP - see http://www.voteforenvironment.ca/node/31
In Nanaimo - Alberni , this clearly means voting for Zeni Maartman , NDP - see http://www.voteforenvironment.ca/node/75
In Nanaimo - Cowichan , this clearly means voting for Jean Crowder , NDP - see http://www.voteforenvironment.ca/node/95
In Esquimalt - Juan de Fuca , it 's a close race between Keith Martin ( Liberal ) and Jennifer Burgis ( NDP ) - see http://www.voteforenvironment.ca/node/129
In Saanich - Gulf Islands , this clearly means voting for Briony Penn , Liberal - see http://www.voteforenvironment.ca/node/127
In Victoria , it clearly means voting for Denise Savoie , NDP - see http://www.voteforenvironment.ca/node/155
This is also what 120 of Canada 's top climate scientists are urging us to do - vote strategically - see http://www.cbc.ca/news/canadavotes/story/2008/10/07/scientists-environment.html
Just as a comment - if all these candidates won , with Jennifer Burgis in Esquimalt - Juan de Fuca , 100 % of Vancouver Island 's MPs in Ottawa would be women - which would be amazing .
To all those committed Greens who think this means I am betraying my deepest principles - I apologize .
Our undemocratic voting system turns good friends into bickering enemies , which is a drag .
I have good green friends who are running for the Green Party , and I 'd love to support them - but it just does not make sense .
And yes , we all want to see Proportional Voting in Canada .
We will NEVER get this with a returned Conservative government .
But we MAY have a slim to good chance with a new progressive coalition government .
with best wishes ,
Guy Dauncey
Victoria
The first chunk of Sarah Palin's ABC News interview , which aired last night , featured several noteworthy exchanges .
Let 's quickly review them , before proceeding to the highlight of the evening .
We learned , for instance , that she is even more hawkish than the Bush administration ... correction , we learned that the McCain foreign policy team is even more hawkish than the Bush administration ; it was downright fascinating to watch McCain 's resident neoconservative , Randy Scheunemann , pull the wires that moved Palin 's mouth .
Three times , in almost identical phrases , Palin said that " we cannot second - guess the steps that Israel has to take to defend itself , " thereby signaling that a McCain administration would take a hands - off stance if Israel decided to bomb Iran 's nuclear facilities .
And that stance places McCain to the right of the Bush administration , which has taken substantive steps to discourage Israel from attacking Iran - by refusing to allow Israel planes to use Iraqi air space , and by turning down Israeli requests for bunker - busting bombs .
We also learned that Palin , again reciting Scheunemann 's lines , would be willing to risk going to war with Russia , one of the world 's foremost nuclear powers , if Russia was to attack a neighboring NATO member .
( As she put it , " Perhaps so " ) .
Given the sensitivity of international relations at the moment , it might have been wiser to avoid such specificity , or at least to contextualize the remark by stressing the importance of diplomacy .
But a novice is not likely to know such things .
Hillary Clinton , a previous female candidate with actual foreign policy credentials , was often adept at simply refusing to entertain " hypotheticals " on sensitive issues of war and peace .
We also learned that Palin regards her state 's geographical proximity to Russia as a serious foreign policy credential .
As she put it , " You can actually see Russia from land here in Alaska , " which is akin to a young teenager insisting that she 's capable of driving the family car just because she can see the driver 's ed school from the window of her bedroom .
But the highlight of the interview was the exchange that began when Charlie Gibson simply asked , " Do you agree with the Bush doctrine ? "
And she froze .
One second passed , two seconds ... Then this reply : " In what respect , Charlie ? "
Clearly , she had no idea what he was talking about .
This person is supposedly ready to assume the presidency on a moment 's notice , yet she had no clue about the signature foreign policy doctrine of the Bush era , as enunciated in a 2002 speech , and subsequently in the 2002 National Security Strategy , declaring that the United States reserves the right to launch preventive wars against potentially hostile regimes - or , as the document put it , against " emerging threats before they are fully formed . "
In that respect , governor .
Apparently her tutors had neglected to provide that particular index card .
The torture continued .
Gibson , asked again about the doctrine : " The Bush - well , what would you interpret it to be ? "
Now she was really lost , so she hazarded a guess : " His world view ? "
It was like hearing an English teacher ask a student for her interpretation of Nathaniel Hawthorne 's The Scarlett Letter , and the student , not having read the novel , responding , " Human nature ? "
Gibson pressed onward , dropping a hint : " No , the Bush doctrine , enunciated in September 2002 , before the Iraq war . "
The reference to war was just enough to give her some traction , enough to retrieve a general talking point from her memory bank .
It had nothing whatsoever to do with the Bush doctrine question , but it bought her some time : " I believe that what President Bush has attempted to do is rid the world of Islamic extremism , terrrists who are hell - bent on destroying our nation , " plus a couple more sentences .
At this point , Gibson took pity and provided her with the right answer : " The Bush doctrine , as I understand it , is that we have the right of anticipatory self - defense , that we have the right to a preemptive strike against any country that we think is going to attack us .
Do you agree ...? "
OK , now she finally had something to work with .
She responded : " Charlie , if there is legitimate and enough intelligent and legitimate evidence that tells us that a strike is imminent against the American people , we have every right to defend our country . "
It was an interesting answer .
At face value , it appeared that she was disagreeing with the Bush doctrine , sounding a tad more dovish in fact , saying only that we should " defend our country " only if the intel says that a strike is " imminent " ... whereas the Bush doctrine said that we reserve the right to go on offense even when threats are not yet fully formed .
So was she actually intending to signal that the McCain team would roll back on the Bush muscularity ?
Or was she just scrambling to come up with a general answer , in a bid to recover from her revealing bout of cluelessness ?
Is it feasible that she was intending to distance the McCain team from a doctrine that , only moments earlier , she had never heard of ?
Highly doubtful .
Clearly , her tutors have a lot more work to do .
Joe Biden ( remember him ? ) might be tempted to shake his head at all that Palin seems not to know .
But , in one passing moment last night , she did reveal her line of attack in the upcoming vice - presidential debate .
While dismissing the fact that she has never met a foreign head of state , she said this : " We 've got to remember what the desire is , in this nation , at this time .
It is for no more politics as usual - and somebody 's big , fat resume maybe that shows decades and decades in that Washington establishment where , yeah , they 've had opportunity to meet heads of state . "
That 's how she 'll go at Biden on Oct.
2 .
Granted , in that remark , she could easily have been talking about John McCain , but at least she can deliver a political line better than she can parry ignorance about the signature national security doctrine of the past eight years .
Mr Khelil said Opec would re-assess the situation at the end of the year Brent crude has fallen back below $ 100 a barrel as signs of weaker global oil demand has offset Opec 's surprise decision to reduce output levels .
Despite initially rising following Opec 's announcement , Brent lost $ 1.37 to $ 98.87 a barrel .
US crude also ended lower , falling 68 cents to settle at $ 102.58 .
After talks in Vienna , Opec 's member states decided to cut daily production levels by 520,000 barrels , starting within 40 days .
' Changing lifestyles '
While the news initially saw oil prices rise , they then fell back , helped by the International Energy Agency ( IEA ) cutting its estimate for global oil demand this year and next .
Opec appear genuinely concerned that the bottom is falling out of global demand
Energy analyst Antoine Halff
The IEA - which had asked Opec to keep its output unchanged - said consumers in industrial nations were changing their lifestyles in response to high prices .
Oil 's fall from the record prices seen in July has helped the US dollar , which hit an 13 - month high against the euro on Tuesday .
The price of crude has since fallen by nearly 30 % as a global economic slowdown has reduced demand for oil .
Opec members will re-assess production levels when the meet again at the end of the year .
The 13 - nation group , whose members include Saudi Arabia , Iran and Venezuela , has around two - thirds of the world 's known oil reserves .
Hurricane background Energy analyst Antoine Halff said Opec was worried about falling global oil demand .
" The ministers appear genuinely concerned that the bottom is falling out of global demand , " he said .
" Their panic is a testament to how soft the market has become .
It is likely to grow even softer . "
Another factor oil traders are having to consider is the latest hurricane in the Gulf of Mexico .
Hurricane Ike has strengthened to a category two story and is on target to hit the Texas coast on Saturday .
Some oil facilities in the Gulf of Mexico have been evacuated as a precaution .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Patients need to be bold and ask doctors or nurses if they have washed their hands before they begin an examination , says the Ontario Hospital Association .
The public needs to help out in order to stop the spread of hospital infections like C. difficile , a potentially deadly diarrhea , by making sure health care providers scrub up .
To that end , the association kicks off its " Clean Hands Protect Lives " campaign today with Health Minister David Caplan at Mississauga 's Trillium Health Centre .
The $ 428,000 campaign pays for strategically placed posters , brochures and cards on how to wash hands correctly in 14 different languages throughout hospitals , said OHA president Tom Closson .
Last month , Ontario 's auditor general revealed in a special report on hospital superbugs that only 28 per cent of doctors at 10 hospitals washed their hands between patients .
Those numbers are simply not good enough , said Closson .
" We 've known for a long time hand washing is important to reduce the spread of infection in hospitals .
It has n't got a lot of media attention until recently , " he said .
Others who need to improve their handwashing are people coming in and out of hospitals , nursing homes and long - term care facilities .
Next spring , hospitals will report the extent to which care providers are washing hands using appropriate techniques .
" In the end we want compliance rates close to 100 per cent , '' Closson said .
A federal judge has banned snowmobiles from Yellowstone National Park .
He said that a plan approved by the Bush Administration to allow 500 snowmobiles to travel daily through Yellowstone and Grand Teton National Parks in the winter months would cause damaging noise pollution , air pollution , and would also stress wildlife .
Emmit Sullivan , the judge who presided over the case said , “ According to the National Park Service ’s own data , the ( plan ) will increase air pollution , exceed the use levels recommended by NPS biologists to protect wildlife , and cause major adverse impacts to the natural soundscape in Yellowstone . ”
Snowmobiles have been allowed in the park during the past few years , although data from 2006 suggests that the park averaged about 290 per day in the winter months of that year .
[ social_buttons ]
The decision is no doubt going to be controversial , and Wyoming ’s Senators have already denounced it .
They claim that national parks exist for the enjoyment of Americans , a semi-accurate claim , because the National Park Service mission also states that parks should not be impaired .
Finding the balance is often a challenge , as these two goals can often be at odds with one another– as has been the case in Yellowstone for some time .
As someone who has worked for the National Park Service in many capacities over the past ten years in many parks , and as someone who has a lot of friends who work or who have worked at Yellowstone , I know that the issue is not simple .
In graduate school I even heard of a study about how cross-country skiers in Yellowstone might be more likely candidates than snowmobiles to stress out large animals like bison .
The reason : animals can hear the snowmobiles from far away , and move .
But with people moving quietly on skis , animals can be approached quickly and without warning , adding a higher potential for stress when caught off - guard .
I have not personally read the study , so I cannot comment upon its accuracy or methodology .
Here ’s my personal opinion about the case of Yellowstone and snowmobiles .
Ca n’t we have at least SOMEWHERE in the United States that is afforded the highest level of ecological protection ?
Is n’t it most appropriate that it is Yellowstone : our most famous park , our first national park , and one of the most splendidly diverse in its grandeur ?
There seem to be plenty of other places to enjoy snowmobiles that are in beautiful locations .
Just my opinion of course , but come on .
If you give a little wiggle room on everything , what will ever truly be protected ?
Read More National Park News on the Green Options Network :
Photo Credit : ezioman on Flickr under a Creative Commons license
Por Stephen Leahy
JOHANNESBURGO ( IPS ) El Programa de las Naciones Unidas para el Medio Ambiente ( PNUMA ) tiene un papel destacado en las deliberaciones sobre seguridad alimentaria entre representantes de 60 gobiernos , de la sociedad civil y de empresas en esta ciudad sudafricana .
En la apertura del plenario de la Evaluación Internacional del Conocimiento , la Ciencia y la Tecnología en el Desarrollo Agrícola ( IAASTD ) , el 7 de abril , el director ejecutivo del PNUMA , Achim Steiner , propuso a los participantes en la conferencia nuevas estrategias agrícolas .
El brasile ño - alemán Steiner admitió que algunos cambios son difíciles de implementar , pero exhortó , de todos modos , a “ inspirarnos en Sudáfrica y hacer algo que nadie creía posible : asumir un desafío difícil y avanzar juntos ” .
El funcionario aludía a la lucha contra el régimen racista del apartheid que concluyó en 1994 .
IPS : — ¿ Por qué es tiempo de que la agricultura avance en una nueva dirección ?
ACHIM STEINER — La agricultura choca con las limitaciones en la superficie arable , en la disponibilidad de agua y en la fertilidad de los suelos con un creciente impacto ambiental .
La moderna agricultura industrial subestima ese impacto , aun cuando la pérdida de ecosistemas socava la base que sustenta los cultivos .
Si nuestros modernos sistemas continúan concentrándose sólo en maximizar la producción al menor costo , la agricultura afrontará una gran crisis dentro de 20 a 30 años .
La ignorancia sobre la interacción entre la agricultura y los sistemas naturales es generalizada , y eso debe cambiar .
— ¿ Cuál es la diferencia entre la IAASTD y el enfoque predominante ?
— La agricultura figura entre las actividades humanas más diversas .
Abarca muchas cosas .
No hay una respuesta sencilla o única al gran desafío de este sector para el siglo XXI .
Lo que digo no tiene que ver sólo con la ciencia y la tecnología , sino con el impacto de la agricultura en el ambiente y en la sociedad .
Hasta ahora , ha sido dominio de agrícultores profesionales con un enfoque estrecho , concentrado en el aumento de la productividad .
La IAASTD atrajo muchas más voces , para crear una visión amplia que incluya la producción y las dimensiones social y ambiental .
La inseguridad alimentaria no es consecuencia de la falta de producción sino de la inadecuada capacidad para distribuir los alimentos , por razones comerciales o por las pérdidas post - cosecha de 40 por ciento , entre otras razones .
La sociedad quiere una visión más amplia para la agricultura .
— ¿ Cómo puede atacarse el efecto del cambio climático en la producción alimentaria ?
— La adaptación al cambio climático es crítica para la agricultura .
Si no la logramos , las modificaciones de los patrones de lluvia , en las estaciones y en el funcionamiento de los ecosistemas tendrán un impacto considerable .
La agricultura tendrá mucha más vulnerabilidad .
Debemos invertir en políticas de información e investigación sobre clima para manejar esos riesgos y , al mismo tiempo , reducir las importantes emisiones de gases invernadero de la propia actividad agrícola .
Mas :
Se requiere una visión agrícola más amplia
The Republican party is grasping on to the ACORN story as a way to delegitimize what now looks like the probable outcome of the November election .
It is also a way to stoke the paranoia of their base , lay the groundwork for legal challenges of close outcomes in various states and promote new legal restrictions on legitimate voting by lower income voters and minorities .
The big picture is that these claims of ‘ voter fraud ’ are themselves a fraud , a tool to aid in suppressing Democratic voter turnout .
But I want give readers a bit more detail to understand what is going because the right - wing freak out about ACORN happens pretty much on schedule every two years .
The whole scam is premised on having enough people who do n’t remember when they tried it before who they can then confuse and lie to .
And this is clearly important because I ’m hearing from a lot of people whose heart is in the right place thinking some real voter fraud conspiracy has been uncovered and that Obama has to distance himself from it post - haste .
ACORN registers lots of lower income and / or minority voters .
They operate all across the country and do a lot of things beside voter registration .
What ’s key to understand is their method .
By and large they do not rely on volunteers to register voters .
They hire people — often people with low incomes or even the unemployed .
This has the dual effect of not only registering people but also providing some work and income for people who are out of work .
But because a lot of these people are doing it for the money , inevitably , a few of them cut corners or even cheat .
So someone will end up filling out cards for nonexistent names and some of those slip through ACORN ’s own efforts to catch errors .
( It ’s important to note that in many of the recent ACORN cases that have gotten the most attention it ’s ACORN itself that has turned the people in who did the fake registrations . )
These reports start buzzing through the right - wing media every two years and every time the anecdotal reports of ‘ thousands ’ of fraudulent registrations turns out , on closer inspection , to be either totally bogus themselves or wildly exaggerated .
So thousands of phony registrations ends up being , like , twelve .
I ’ve always had questions about whether this is a good way to do voter registration .
And Democratic campaigns usually keep their distance .
But here ’s the key .
This is fraud against ACORN .
They end up paying people for registering more people then they actually signed up .
If you register me three times to vote , the registrar will see two new registrations of an already registered person and the ones wo n’t count .
If I successfully register Mickey Mouse to vote , on election day , Mickey Mouse will still be a cartoon character who cannot go to the local voting station and vote .
Logically speaking there ’s very little way a few phony names on the voting rolls could be used to commit actual vote fraud .
And much more importantly , numerous studies and investigations have shown no evidence of anything more than a handful of isolated cases of actual instances of vote fraud .
To expand on this point let me quote from Richard Hasen , one of the most experienced and concise commentators on this question , from a June 2007 column in the Dallas Morning News …
At least in hindsight , the center ’s line of argument is easily deconstructed .
First , arguing by anecdote is dangerous business .
A new report by Lorraine Minnite of Barnard College looks at these anecdotes and shows them to be , for the most part , wholly spurious .
Sure , one can find a rare case of someone voting in two jurisdictions , but nothing extensive or systematic has been unearthed or documented .
But perhaps most importantly , the idea of massive polling - place fraud ( through the use of inflated voter rolls ) is inherently incredible .
Suppose I want to swing the Missouri election for my preferred presidential candidate .
I would have to figure out who the fake , dead or missing people on the registration rolls are , then pay a lot of other individuals to go to the polling place and claim to be that person , without any return guarantee – thanks to the secret ballot – that any of them will cast a vote for my preferred candidate .
Those who do show up at the polls run the risk of being detected and charged with a felony .
And for what – $ 10 ?
Polling - place fraud , in short , makes no sense .
The Justice Department devoted unprecedented resources to ferreting out fraud over five years and appears to have found not a single prosecutable case across the country .
Of the many experts consulted , the only dissenter from that position was a representative of the now - evaporated American Center for Voting Rights .
Again , there have been numerous investigations of this .
Often by people with at least a mild political interest in finding wrongdoing .
But they never find it .
It always ends up being right - wing hype and lies .
Remember , most of those now - famous fired US Attorneys from 2007 were Republican appointees who were canned after they got tasked with investigating allegations of widespread vote fraud , did everything they could to find it , but came up with nothing .
That was the wrong answer so Karl Rove and his crew at the Justice Department fired them .
Vote registration fraud is a limited and relatively minor problem in the US today .
But it is principally an administrative and efficiency issue .
It is has little or nothing to do with people casting illegitimate votes to affect an actual election .
That ’s the key .
What you ’re hearing right now from Fox News , the New York Post , John Fund and the rest of the right - wing bamboozlement chorus is a just another effort to exploit , confuse and lie in an effort to put more severe restrictions on legitimate voting and lay the groundwork to steal elections .
It ’s that simple .
Late Update : McCain ’s sleaze and disgrace just runs deeper and deeper .
This just in from TPM Reader DW …
McCain ’s team has been pushing it on reporters today and just put out one of the most obvious web videos yet .
I say “ obvious ” because the implication of the 24/7 Fox coverage is made blatant .
It ’s transference .
It ’s saying to white voters , “ we know you ’re angry about the economy .
Do n’t blame Wall Street .
Blame the n—–s . ”
McCain ’s going to lose , and he knows it .
This is a 90 - second ad aimed at the base who are watching Fox News .
But he ’s setting up a large proportion ( maybe the majority ) of the GOP base to believe that scary blacks stole the election for Barack Obama .
He ’s stoking race hatred .
He is scum , and if in 10 years his name is n’t synonymous with Lester Maddox and George Wallace than historians wo n’t have done their job .
It ’s really true .
The essence of McCain ’s campaign now appears to amount to prepping McCain ’s base to believe they did n’t really lose the election .
The election was stolen from them by Barack and his army of gangsters and black street hustlers .
A new addition to sporting style 's hall of shame is Stade Francais ' latest top ( centre ) - even more wild than their previous pink shirts Baseball became flushed with fashion sense , or a distinct lack of it , in the mid-70s .
This ' tequila sunrise ' kit is the stuff of legend In 1976 the Chicago White Sox famously shunned traditional baseball pants in favour of shorts .
The experiment lasted just three matches
Not to be outdone , the Pittsburgh Pirates wore these gold - and - black mix - and - match uniforms with compulsory striped pillbox hats
Hard to believe , but this is a professional sportsman .
Hockey keeper Gary ' Bones ' Bromley of the Vancouver Canucks , in fact , circa 1981 Early 1980s basketball kit designs soon became influenced by the growing onset of computers .
This is a Denver Nuggets number America 's Anne White claimed her white Lycra cat suit withstood air resistance and cool weather .
Wimbledon officials in 1985 disagreed
As the heady decade climaxes , NFL designs get representative .
The Cincinnati Bengals strove to illustrate their identity with this outfit
Only the biggest mullet in world tennis could distract from Andre Agassi 's kit .
Even then his denim shorts could not be ignored Italian Mario Cipollini was a world - beating cyclist , but not immune to a fashion faux pas .
This bodysuit is a lesson in human anatomy United States athlete Florence Griffith - Joyner aka ' Flo - Jo ' designed her own running kits , which she described as " athletic negligees "
The US Ryder Cup team of 1999 managed to emerge victorious from the " Battle of Brookline " despite polo shirts which resemble a museum Can't see the top - half of this baseball pitcher 's body ?
That 's because his 2003 San Diego Padre jersey is based on a camouflage design
In homage to New Zealand 's ' Beige Brigade ' of the 1970s , Hamish Marshall dons a throwback kit with the haircut to match in 2005 Black leather boots and a PVC mackintosh : looking like Batman 's nemesis , Serena Williams takes sportswear to a new level in 2006
You just cannot keep England 's Ian Poulter down when it comes to wearing outlandish clobber .
This gold shirt is typically flamboyant
What can you say about the outfit worn by Bethanie Mattek ?
Lucky she is on a tennis court and not prowling the African savannahs South African athletes match white floor - length toga - type gowns with a pair of green ' Crocs ' for the 2008 Olympics opening ceremony Back 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 Next
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
This article is part of a series describing a port of the samples from Practical Common Lisp ( PCL ) to Clojure .
You will probably want to read the intro first .
This article covers Chapter 8 , Macros : Defining Your Own .
Rolling your own
Lisp macros gain their power by controlling argument evaluation .
In a normal Lisp function all arguments are evaluated when calling a function .
Consider this call to function foo :
( foo a b )
Arguments a and b are evaluated , and then passed to function foo .
If foo were a macro , however , all bets would be off .
Then foo 's arguments might be evaluated in bizarre orders , or not at all .
This may seem a little crazy until you consider a simple if :
( if monday ( wake - up ) ( sleep ) )
if cannot possibly be a normal Lisp function .
If it were , you would always both wake - up and sleep , regardless of the value of monday .
As the if example suggests , control flow is an obvious use case for macros .
PCL demonstrates custom macros by defining a new control flow macro named do - primes .
Preparing for do - primes
In order to implement do - primes , I will need a primeness test .
For clarity , I will divide this into two functions .
First , a simple helper to detect factors .
( defn divides ?
[ candidate - divisor dividend ] ( zero ? ( rem dividend candidate - divisor ) ) )
Now I can tell when one number divides another :
user= > ( divides ?
7 42 ) true user= > ( divides ?
11 42 ) false
A prime is simply a number with no divisors greater than one .
I am a busy guy , so I wo n't check all the natural numbers , only those from two up to the square root of the number being tested .
Here is a simple primeness test :
; yes , I know there are faster ways .
( defn prime ? [ num ] ( when ( > num 1 ) ( every ? ( fn [ x ] ( not ( divides ? x num ) ) ) ( range 2 ( inc ( int ( Math / sqrt num ) ) ) ) ) ) )
Sequences of primes
My eventual objective is to call do - primes like this :
( do - primes i 100 200 ( print ( format " %d " i ) ) )
where i is the loop variable and runs the primes from 100 to 200 .
Because Clojure has nice support for infinite sequences , I find it easier to begin by thinking in terms of the pure math .
So , here is a function that returns the sequence of primes starting from a number :
( defn primes - from [ number ] ( filter prime ?
( iterate inc number ) ) )
( iterate inc number ) returns an infinite sequence starting with number and then incrementing by one for each subsequent element .
The filter then whittles this down to numbers that are prime .
This sequence is infinite , so do n't try to view it from the console .
Take your primes a few at the time :
user= > ( take 5 ( primes - from 1000 ) ) ( 1009 1013 1019 1021 1031 )
Now I need a simple helper that begins with primes - from , but cuts off the sequence at a chosen end :
( defn primes - in - range [ start end ] ( for [ x ( primes - from start ) : while ( <= x end ) ] x ) )
The for is a list comprehension .
It takes all the ( primes - from start ) , but only while those numbers are still less than or equal to end .
do - primes
Now I am finally ready to write the macro do - primes :
( defmacro do - primes [ var start end & body ] ` ( doseq [ ~ var ( primes - in - range ~ start ~ end ) ] ~@ body ) )
Macros work in two steps : expansion followed by normal Lisp evaluation .
The expansion phase is like a template substitution , but with the full power of Lisp at your disposal .
In the definition of do - primes above , the syntax - quote ( \ ` ) identifies the static part of the template :
For symbols , syntax - quote resolves the name to a fully qualified symbol ( with some exceptions we do n't need to worry about in this example ) .
For lists , syntax - quote will recursively syntax - quote the contained forms .
The unquote ( ~ ) and splicing - unquote ( ~@ ) provide the dynamic part of the template by exempting their forms from syntax quoting rules .
Your reaction at this point should be " That 's a lot of ugly punctuation . "
Fear not , macroexpand - 1 will ease the pain .
macroexpand - 1 will show you how Clojure expands the macro , without executing the expanded result .
This gives you a chance to experiment with the rules for quoting and unquoting .
Here is an example :
user= > ( macroexpand - 1 ' ( do - primes i 1 10 ( print i ) ) ) ( clojure / doseq i ( pcl.chap_08/primes-in-range 1 10 ) ( print i ) )
Looking back at the definition of do - primes , here is what happened :
doseq expanded to the fully - qualified clojure / doseq .
( I have n't covered namespaces yet , but the clojure namespace contains most of the Clojure core . )
expanded to the fully - qualified .
( I have n't covered namespaces yet , but the namespace contains most of the Clojure core . )
i , 1 , and 10 are direct expansions from the macro call .
, , and are direct expansions from the macro call .
primes - in - range is one of the helper functions I wrote earlier .
In the sample repository , I have placed this in the pcl / chap_08 namespace , hence the expansion .
is one of the helper functions I wrote earlier .
In the sample repository , I have placed this in the namespace , hence the expansion .
body contains a list of things I want to do with my primes , specifically ( ( print i ) ) .
That is almost what I need , except a few too many parens .
The " splice " part of splicing unquote gets rid of the extra parens , splicing the list into the template .
This is exactly what I need to match the doseq signature .
Now I can do - primes :
user= > ( do - primes i 100 150 ( print ( format " %d " i ) ) )
101 103 107 109 113 127 131 137 139 149
Wrapping up
The easiest way to write a macro is to work backwards .
Write the form that you want the macro to expand into , and then test interactively with macroexpand - 1 until you have a macro that expends correctly .
Macros are hard , and I have skipped some of the building blocks here .
Check out the chapter in PCL .
Notes
The sample code is available at http://github.com/stuarthalloway/practical-cl-clojure.
Revision history
Las Vegas Sands Corp. Chief Executive Sheldon Adelson ’s net worth declined $ 4 billion from Aug. 29 to Oct. 1 , the steepest drop among Americans who lost $ 1 billion or more during the credit crisis , according to Forbes magazine .
The magazine , in its Oct. 27 issue , recalculates the effect of September ’s financial news on the wealthiest Americans , those who make up its Forbes 400 list .
That list was published Sept. 17 .
Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Chairman Warren Buffett overtook Microsoft Corp. co-founder Bill Gates as the richest American by posting an $ 8 - billion gain to $ 58 billion during the period , the magazine said .
Gates ’ net worth declined $ 1.5 billion to $ 55.5 billion during the 33 - day period .
He had been No. 1 for 15 consecutive years .
Dish Network Corp. Chief Executive Charles Ergen ’s net worth fell $ 2.2 billion to $ 5.9 billion .
He had been 35th on the September list .
Advertisement
Oracle Corp. Chief Executive Larry Ellison ’s wealth dropped $ 1.6 billion to $ 25.4 billion , while the net worth of Google Inc. founders Sergey Brin and Larry Page each fell $ 1.5 billion .
Investor Carl Icahn ’s holdings declined $ 1.6 billion to $ 12 billion , Forbes said .
Continental Resources Inc. Chief Executive Harold Hamm ’s holdings fell $ 1.5 billion to $ 7 billion , the magazine said .
Computer company founder Michael Dell ’s fortune dwindled to $ 15.9 billion from $ 17.3 billion .
Houston billionaire Dan Duncan ’s holdings slid to $ 6.3 billion from $ 7.6 billion , while investor Kirk Kerkorian ’s wealth declined by $ 1.2 billion to $ 10 billion .
Amazon.com Inc. founder Jeffrey Bezos ’ holdings fell $ 1.1 billion to $ 7.6 billion .
He was 33rd on the list published last month .
Community Clinic Fayetteville Medical
3162 W. Martin Luther King Blvd. Suites 13 & 14 , Fayetteville , AR 72704
Phone : ( 855 ) 438-2280
Noxitril & Alpha RX
MenGenix Alpha RX is a male booster that is specially designed to help you perform better during sexual intercourse , look Prostagenix Reviews and to bring maximum satisfaction to your partner .
The supplement is responsible for increasing your testosterone production so that you can notice harder erections and a significant increase in your stamina for better sexual satisfaction .
This product in the form of pills is used to help males combat different sexual disorders for them to regain their healthy and youthful sex life .
It is claimed to have no side effects on the human organism as it contains natural components but we will have to check whether there are really no chemicals in this supplement .
Can Alpha RX boost your testosterone production for better sexual performance ?
Will it help you to keep a healthy relationship with your woman ?
We will try to answer these questions by studying the major ingredients in the product but at first let us take a look at the manufacturer information .
Alpha RX is manufactured by the company called MenGenix that is based somewhere in the USA ; however , there is no exact information about the actual address of the company 's headquarters .
The official website is not very informative when it comes to the ingredients in the product , as well as its possible side effects .
The site is full of many promising claims .
For example , the makers of the product claim that it is able to provide better erections through providing your body with vital nutrients and filling your penile chambers with a greater amount of blood .
It is also said to increase your sex drive due to the use of aphrodisiacal elements in its formula .
It is helpful in boosting your sexual excitement and improving your innate carnal abilities for better performance in the bed .
Alpha RX is also promised to release energy agents so that the user can experience an increase in their vitality and stamina in general .
As a result , you can last longer in bed .
Brain Hacker
Keeping the mind healthy requires nourishment , just like any other part of the body , so https://americanpowerliftevolution.net/ultima-replenisher-reviews.html.
Most people think that vitamins will be enough , but probably the best solution for the brain is nootropics .
Brain Hacker Nootropic is a dietary product that works by stimulating healthy processes in the human brain to improve memory and mood , as well as to increase mental function .
This treatment can be used as part of a subscription or as a one - time transaction .
The formula offers a combination of essential vitamins and botanicals that are said to provide the right environment for proper brain functioning .
The promised benefits of the product include improved memory , easier learning , positive moods , greater alertness , better cognition and higher energy levels .
But can Brain Hacker really enhance your overall cognition ?
Are there any better nootropic products on the market ?
We are going to answer these questions but at first let us take a look at the manufacturer information .
The first thing that you need to know before starting taking a supplement is the manufacturer who made this product .
The company behind Brain Hacker is called 303 Supplements .
It is a badly known manufacturer in the country .
It also offers some other products of the kind .
The company has an official website but it is not very informative , in terms of possible adverse reactions associated with the use of their products .
However , the company makes a lot of claims about the product itself .
The major one is that it is intended to improve your memory , focus and attention , as well as to enhance your cognition in general .
It means that with this product you will be able to focus better .
However , all of these promises have to be proven , so it is high time to take a look at the working process of the supplement and the ingredient list .
Geniux
Geniux is manufactured by a company based in the USA .
It has an official website which cannot deserve any design awards - Noom .
The text is located in very inconvenient places .
It seems like it is the website of another cheap product that was created for the sake of a scam business .
Besides , the website is not informative .
There is no important information on the ingredients used in the product .
According to the manufacturer 's website , Geniux is a Brain Boost Supplement that claims to be beneficial for the user 's energy levels and focus .
The product also promises to enhance one 's memory , improve general well - being and health , enhance motivation , sharpen focus and brainpower .
In general , the Geniux webpage is very informative in terms of promises but it offers no data on the true effectiveness ad possible side effects of the product .
To start using a supplement I need to be convinced .
So , let 's try to discuss the main ingredients used in Geniux .
As it was already mentioned , the manufacturer remains quiet when it comes to possible adverse reactions of Geniux .
Fortunately , its true users turned out to be open enough as to disclose those issues .
It is not kind of the manufacturer to conceal such important information because even the most natural products can cause allergic reactions in some users .
So , let 's find out what side effects Geniux 's ingredients may have .
Ingredients of HT Rush
As the official website claims , HT Rush helps to build muscles , increase your testosterone levels , increase your energy levels and stamina to perform well at the gym .
This supplement is said to have a number of vitamins and minerals , as well as some herbal extracts including Fenugreek Seed Extract .
The manufacturer mentions on the official website that HT - Rush also include nettle leaf , zinc , vitamin d , panax ginseng , l- citruline , Siberian ginseng root , cordyceps sinesis , vitamin b6 , tribulus terrestris , bioperine , and vitamin b12 .
It is recommended to take two capsules a day .
As the manufacturer claims , the human body digests herbs better when combining them with vitamins and minerals .
Fenugreek is believed to have testosterone boosting properties .
Due to these properties , Fenugreek can be found in the number of other bodybuilding products .
It is also said to be beneficial for men suffering from low testosterone levels .
Vitamin D is another ingredient in HT - Rush .
This essential vitamin takes part in the absorption of different vitamins , herbal extracts , and minerals contained in the product .
It is fat soluble and can be easily digested in the human body .
It improved the absorption of iron , protein , calcium , and other essential minerals , vitamins , and herbs .
It is recommended to take one HT - Rush pill before going to the gym .
Vitamins , herbal extracts and minerals are expected to give you increased energy and testosterone .
As a result , you can perform better at the gym for bigger results .
However , the supplement should be kept out of reach from children .
It is claimed on the official website that the product has been used by celebrities , however , this may be lie .
Those famous people were probably paid for .
It is mentioned that the supplement starts working immediately after been taken .
“ I have a little secret to tell you about that , John .
Bill made it happen .
He loves you so much .
He called Putin and told him that if he invaded Georgia , he could count on being invited to the Clinton Global Initiative every year for the rest of his life . ”
“ Wow .
Should I call him ?
I saw your husband ’s kind words about me in Las Vegas on Monday , saying I ’d be just as good as Obama on climate change . ”
“ I think he ’d like that , ” Hillary smiles .
“ He ’s still boiling at Obama .
And you do n’t have to worry about my army of angry women .
We ’ve spread the word in the feminist underground  as opposed to that wacky Obama Weather Underground  that ‘ catharsis ’ is code for ‘ No surrender . ’
My gals know when I say ‘ We may have started on two separate paths but we ’re on one journey now ’ that Skinny ’s journey is to the nearest exit . ”
“ But Obama ’s says he ’s finally ready to hit back , ” McCain says , frowning .
“ He ’s starting a blistering TV campaign and attacking me for attacking his patriotism . ”
“ Now , John , you know that every time he tries to get tough , he quickly runs out of gas .
Sometimes in debates , he ’d be exhausted by the third question .
He must use up all his energy in the gym .
He does n’t have any stamina , and he certainly does n’t have our bloodlust .
Besides , you can throw that Mark Penn stuff at him that I could n’t use in a Democratic primary about how he ’s not fundamentally American in his thinking and values .
While he ’s up on his high - minded pedestal , you ’ll scoot past him in your Ferragamos . ”
“ How can I ever thank you , my friend ? ”
“ You can announce that you wo n’t be running for re-election because you ’d be 76 , and you can pick somebody really lame to run with , like your pal Lieberman .
That means one term for you , and two for me . ”
In the past , the study of how humans create false memories has yielded a great deal of information about cognitive processes .
Now a team of researchers focusing on the different ways children and adults create false memories may have uncovered a more fundamental relationship between age and linguistic development .
The study found evidence of an age - related , developmental shift in language , suggesting that younger children process words primarily on the basis of phonology , or sound , while older children and adults process words primarily on the basis of semantics , or meaning .
The findings are presented in the article " False Memories in Children : Evidence for a Shift from Phonological to Semantic Associations , " by Steve Dewhurst and Claire Robinson of Lancaster University , United Kingdom .
The article will be published in the November issue of Psychological Science , a journal of the American Psychological Society .
In previous research , scientists demonstrated that false memories can be triggered by words that are substantively related .
For example , participants hear lists of semantically - related words , such as " bed , " " dream , " " snore , " and " pillow . "
When they are asked to recall the list , participants tend to falsely recall semantically - related but non-presented words like " sleep , " often with the same confidence as the words that were actually presented .
To test whether children would make similiar memory errors based on sound rather than semantics , the researchers used a version of this earlier experiment .
They developed a list of words in which each word had at least one possible rhyme , then presented the list to children aged five , eight , or 11 , who were asked to recall the words after hearing them .
The results suggested a developmental correlation between age and language processes :
The 11 - year - olds performed in the same way as adults and falsely recalled words that were semantically related to the lists ; the 8 - year - olds were equally likely to falsely recall rhymes and semantic associates ; and the 5 - year - olds falsely recalled words that rhymed with those presented in the lists .
###
Psychological Science is ranked among the top 10 general psychology journals for impact by the Institute for Scientific Information .
The American Psychological Society represents psychologists advocating science - based research in the public 's interest .
When you ’re preparing to interview an espionage novelist , you wonder if he wo n’t be something of a method novelist .
Will he be terse and brooding , talking in doublespeak ?
Will there be that familiar click when you make the call , so you know someone is recording you ?
Fortunately , Alan Furst is nothing like that .
When I reached the writer — whose 10th prewar espionage novel , The Spies of Warsaw , was published last month — at home in Sag Harbor , he was engaging , frank , and apologetic when he had to take a call from someone I did n’t imagine a spy or spy novelist dealing with : his electrician .
Furst , like his characters , has few illusions about his trade .
His job is to entertain readers , but that does n’t keep him from taking the job of writing authentic and gripping historical espionage novels very seriously .
When I mentioned that I live in Baltimore , he told me about researching life aboard a World War II - era ship on the S.S. John W. Brown , which is docked at a Baltimore shipyard .
Furst said that when he stumbled upon the captain ’s office , he was surprised at how bogged down with paperwork the captain was , how “ executive ” the room felt .
This sense of clear - eyed realism — that espionage , like sailing , is both exciting and a job — is just one of the things we talked about .
SPLICE TODAY : I know you ’re a New Yorker by birth , but do you have any personal connection to Europe between the wars ?
I imagine you with an uncle in the French resistance or something .
ALAN FURST : No personal connection whatsoever .
I ’m basically a Jewish immigrant grandchild — both my grandmother and grandfather , all four grandparents actually , left Eastern Europe sometime in early 20th century , so that by the time the 30s and 40s came , if there was family over there , I doubt they survived .
There was no aunt writing letters or anything like that .
It is nice to think of , though … I ’ll talk to my publicist about getting one .
ST : What , then , inspired you to start writing novels in this vein ?
The history of the period ?
A love for espionage fiction ?
AF : What happened to me was , I wanted to write novels , and the question was : what [ should I write about ] ?
I was in my late 20s , and I started writing murder mysteries because I liked them .
All were published , none did very well .
Then I realized what I was doing wrong was I was confining myself to a genre format that encouraged parochial characters and situations .
What I wanted to write about were intelligent people , intellectuals , people who had some really good sense of the future , perhaps more so than the people around them .
I wanted to write about Europe , about sophisticated life , and this spelled spy novels .
I was one of those people who thought , “ I ’m writing murder mysteries about people in Pennsylvania so I can go live in Europe , ” but then I thought , “ Dumbass , why do n’t you go live in Europe ? ”
The day I decided to write about Europeans , boom !
Wham !
It worked at the ends of my fingers .
If you ’re a writer , you ’ll understand that feeling .
Then I basically invented a genre — I went to buy a historical spy novel , and I could n’t find one .
I could n’t believe my fucking luck .
I do n’t know why people did n’t do it , but they should ’ve .
And I do n’t know that this is so unusual among novelists .
ST : That reminds me of Benjamin Disraeli saying something like , “ When I want to read a novel , I just write one . ”
AF : Right .
Well , Disraeli ’s a little glib , but that ’s not far from the truth .
Writers are readers first .
You will never find a good writer who is n’t .
ST : You touched on this earlier , but how does writing a spy compare to writing characters that lead more normal existences ?
AF : Writing about spies allows you to write about more interesting kind of people : French movie producers and Soviet foreign correspondents , for example .
They ’re more interesting to write about , and apparently more interesting to read about .
ST : In fiction , why is it that espionage and sex always go hand in hand ?
AF : Let ’s say this : people involved in any kind of secret undertaking — resistance or espionage and a variety of other things — anyone involved in extremely dangerous and possibly hopeless kind of world needs consolation of some kind .
You ca n’t just be like that all the time .
For people in highly stressful situations , sex is the answer .
Sex , and love , are the only good things in a bad world .
ST : How do you manage to keep your sex scenes plausible , when the likes of Tom Wolfe and Norman Mailer get stuck with Bad Sex in Fiction Awards ?
AF : I write about what my readers do .
What else ?
I do n’t write about Herculean whatever .
Nobody does that stuff .
ST : I ’d like to ask about another balancing act .
At one point in The Spies of Warsaw Mercier ’s boss sighs , “ We spend our lives waiting . ”
The espionage writer Charles McCarry , who was a CIA operative himself , called spying perhaps the most boring profession in the world .
As a writer , how do you balance bored anticipation with frenetic action ?
AF : It ’s not so much difficult as an important technical obligation , what I call “ housekeeping . ”
By this I mean , every once in awhile , you have to make sure everything is as it should be , since you know people that do that sort of thing have to spend time reading or writing reports .
You give just a bit of that , and it ’s interesting for the reader to feel like he ’s witnessing the person ’s actual life .
ST : In your novels , I enjoy your references to Petain , Pilsudski , and other figures from the period , but some readers might start to glaze over .
Do you ever worry about that ?
AF : You can ’t .
I ’m not James Patterson and I ’m never going to be , so I have to be true to the material .
Because in the end , that ’s what ’s interesting in life .
People are saying , “ It ’s his [ Mercier ’s ] job to find out about tanks , ” and then you have to answer , “ Find out about what ? ”
You have to anticipate your readers ’ questions .
You say , “ I ’d like to know a little something about this , ” and [ finding out ] makes the depth work .
Because if you ’re writing about espionage , you have to answer : espionage about what ?
ST : Is there a go - to history of the period you write about ?
One that readers who become interested in the period can turn to , or one you keep open on your desk when you ’re writing ?
AF : I have multiple .
I ’ve used everything from Wikipedia to extremely dry academic historical material .
It depends what I happen on .
ST : In an interview a few years ago you said you ’re a big fan of the historian John Lukacs .
AF : I have read Lukacs as much for pleasure as for research .
Piers Brendon ’s The Dark Valley is another good one .
Martin Gilbert , there are all sorts of them .
ST : The scene towards the end of the novel which Mercier and company are cut off by a truck across the road seems like it could have taken place today in Iraq .
You ’ve been writing these novels for 20 years now — has living during another war affected how you write at all ?
AF : No , not at all really .
[ At the beginning of the Iraq War ] I wondered , what are you doing ?
I knew the history , that the Baathist party was extremely anti-clerical , and that means you do n’t have Islamic terrorists coming out of the Baathist party , thank you .
I assumed that the people in the [ U.S. ] government knew that as well .
ST : It ’s interesting that the various conflicts in the Middle East , especially that in Iraq , are partly rooted in decisions made by the European powers after World War I , just before the period you write about .
AF : That ’s true .
There ’s a great letter from de Gaulle about fighting early terrorists in the Bekaa Valley [ in Lebanon ] , basically saying we ’re never going to change these people , this situation is never going to change .
I so wanted to put it in the book , but I did n’t because I ’m very disciplined .
But it ’s so appropriate !
It ’s big - time not nice and racist , but that ’s how they felt in the 30s .
This is how they were thinking at the time .
ST : In reading The Spies of Warsaw I was struck on a number of occasions by how cinematic your writing can feel .
How big of an influence on your writing is the cinema of the 1930s and 40s ?
AF : To some extent movies are an influence .
I saw Casablanca when I was a kid , and I liked something in there , but I do n’t know exactly what it was .
There ’s something about it that ’s magnetic .
Sometimes when you see the old black and white movies they are n’t as good as you hoped , or they can be really good .
[ In the good ones ] you can feel what the director or producer is trying to do : how much tension is there in a train compartment going across Europe before the war ?
They knew , and that ’s what I try to show in my novels .
ST : How big of an influence is the music of the period ?
In a recent New York Times profile you mention a live album by Django Reinhardt , the great Gypsy jazz guitarist , that transports you to 1937 Paris .
AF : Music is a huge influence on my novels , more so than the cinema by a magnitude .
While I was on tour [ an American book tour in June ]
I went to a lot of bookstores and got asked that , and as I went my answers got sharper .
I realized a couple of things : if you hear a Glenn Miller song , you think of America and soldiers and GIs in World War II , women riveters in airplane factories .
If you listen to Django Reinhardt , you ’re in Paris in the 30s .
I do n’t know how that happens , but it does .
I came to realize that if you really want to know what the 1930s are , you listen to Samuel Barber ’s Adagio for Strings , then Django Reinhardt with Stéphane Grapelli .
When I was living in Paris , while I was writing Dark Star , they used to play Adagio for Strings all the time on French radio .
Somewhere between those two , between Adagio and Django Reinhardt , is the 1930s .
ST : In writing your novels , do you feel like you ’re writing an elegy for a world that ’s gone ?
AF : Yes .
Definitely .
I used to sit in Paris and looking out through the window at a garden in the courtyard , and I ’d say to myself , how does it fall to me to write about the death of old Europe ?
Who am I ?
Where do I get off ?
It was some kind of arrogance on my part to do it , but I did it anyhow .
There are many times in these books that I feel like I ’m speaking for victims who do n’t get to tell their own stories .
I mean come on people , when are you going to realize that John McCain is playing us for fools ?
Do n’t believe the hype .
Drilling is NOT the answer .
By Howard Shannon
Producer , The Lost Beatles Interview
McCartney and Lennon pictured in rehearsal for a 1963 BBC programme
For 44 years a canister of film had been stored in a damp garage in South London ; unopened , unloved and almost thrown away .
But , finally , somebody took a look inside - and realised they had unearthed a piece of pop history .
This is the story of a lost Beatles interview - which is to be broadcast on BBC Radio 4 on Tuesday for the first time since it was originally recorded .
The nine - minute interview took place in the studios of Scottish Television on Thursday , 30 April , 1964 .
It was thought to have been recorded on a tele - cine machine in London , and stored in a can , now rusted with the passing of decades .
Which makes it all the more remarkable that the fragile film has survived at all .
Now stored safely in a professional archive in Milton Keynes - where temperature and humidity are carefully controlled - it was found , stacked among 64 unmarked cans in a London garage , by film buff Richard Jeffs .
With a bit of detective work - using the scribbled label found inside the film can - Mr Jeffs managed to decipher the names of the two presenters who fronted the interview in 1964 .
The faded handwriting was incredibly hard to read , but patience proved successful .
The hosts were Paul Young and Morag Hood - who presented Roundup , an hour - long children 's current affairs programme on Scottish television network STV .
It was the second time they had featured the Fab Four on their show - a pre-fame Beatles had mimed to their second single , Please , Please Me on the show in January 1963 .
It 's a special piece that is so laid - back it almost falls over
Beatles expert Mark Lewisohn Jorg Pieper , the German - born author of The Beatles Film & TV Chronicle 1961 - 70 , says the tape is the earliest surviving long - form British studio interview with the band .
In other words , it is rare .
And it offers a revealing insight into Sir Paul McCartney and John Lennon 's songwriting partnership .
" Sometimes we write them on old pianos or anything that 's lying around , guitars and things .
Normally we sit down and try and bash one out , " explains McCartney .
" Then again , there 's no formula .
He [ Lennon ] can come up with one completely finished , but we still say we both wrote it though .
McCartney also mentions the first song he ever composed : " We wrote funny songs then - mine was I Lost My Little Girl . "
First meeting
He went on to perform the song some 30 years later in the early 1990s .
Writer and Beatles expert Mark Lewisohn describes the interview as " candid " .
" It 's a special piece that is so laid back it almost falls over , " he says .
McCartney and Lennon recall their first meeting when they were 13 .
" I was playing at a garden fete in the village where I lived just outside Liverpool playing with a skiffle group , " says Lennon .
" And he came along and that 's how we met . "
" I knew one of his mates , Ivan .
A mutual mate and he introduced us , " adds McCartney .
Asked how the band likes the hordes of screaming fans , McCartney laughs : " We love that ... the atmosphere in the theatres , really it 's marvellous . "
The Lost Beatles Interview airs at 1330 on Tuesday 1 July , and again at 1530 on Saturday 5 July , on BBC Radio 4 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Cartoon by Barry
If you like these cartoons , help me make more at my Patreon !
A $ 1 or $ 2 pledge really matters .
I wish I could say that I ’m making up these conspiracy theories , I really do .
But I ’m not .
I ’m really not .
The “ secret Chinese weapons program ” myth was even spread by Senator Tom Cotton .
TRANSCRIPT OF CARTOON
This cartoon has four panels .
PANEL 1
A shot of a computer monitor on a desk or table of some sort .
( I just noticed that I forgot to draw any cables or anything coming from the monitor .
Oops ! )
There ’s a coffee mug , with a spoon in it and a smiley face on it , on the table in front of the monitor .
The screen is divided into three windows , each of which shows a different person ; in other words , this is a Zoom conversation .
The upper left window shows a guy wearing a black tee shirt under an open plaid shirt .
The upper right window shows an extreme closeup of a man ’s face , shot from below ; he ’s wearing rectangular glasses .
And the bottom window shows a fat man with nice - looking fluffy hair , who is wearing a button - up collared shirt with a necktie .
PLAID is waving his arms with a distressed expression ; GLASSES is sneering ; and FLUFFY is smiling silently .
PLAID : Coronavirus was caused by Jews !
God ’s punishing them for rejecting Christ , and it ’s spread to the rest of us !
GLASSES : Ridiculous !
Everyone knows the virus was created in a secret Chinese weapons lab !
PANEL 2
We ’re now looking at Plaid in profile , as he leans forward a bit to yell angrily at his monitor , shaking a forefinger at the monitor .
On his monitor , distorted because it ’s in perspective , we can barely see Glasses angrily yelling back , and Fluffy smiling as he talks .
PLAID : A secret Chinese weapons lab controlled by Jews !
GLASSES : Chinese !
FLUFFY : Hey , fellas , come on !
PANEL 3
A shot of Fluffy , in an upper - middle - class - looking living room ; there ’s an armchair , a window with curtains and a potted plant on the windowsill ; a coffee mug on a table with an open book beside it .
Fluffy is standing and speaking at a tablet in his left hand , still smiling pleasantly .
We can now see that he ’s not wearing pants , and his boxer shorts have a little hearts pattern .
FLUFFY : A pandemic is no time to be divisive .
More than ever , we need to compromise and get along .
What do you say , Bob ?
PANEL 4
Almost the same shot as panel one , showing the monitor with three windows on it .
PLAID has picked up the smiley face coffee mug and is looking more sedate as he talks .
Fluffy and Glasses are both agreeing cheerfully .
PLAID : All right …
But can the next pandemic be about Jews ?
FLUFFY : Absolutely !
GLASSES : I ’ll be there with swastikas on !
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Flipboard
Tumblr
Reddit
Pinterest
Posted in Anti-racist cartoons , COVID - 19 |
Tommy John Surgery , “ Hey , has anyone seen Billy Wagner ’s arm ? ” All Pitcher Arms ignore Tommy John Surgery as they continue to read Men ’s Fitness Magazine .
Tommy John Surgery , “ Well , it ’s important he gets this message .
His arm ’s not going to get better without me . ”
Other Pitcher Arms whistle .
Tommy John Surgery , “ I will not be ignored ! ”
Then Tommy John Surgery boiled Billy Wagner ’s Arm ’s Rabbit and followed his kid to a local carnival .
Now it looks like Billy Wagner ’s career is in danger .
Ayala should continue to get the bulk of the saves , but always keep this in mind , Ayala is just not that good .
Even in keeper leagues , drop Wagner .
He ’s no good to you anymore , Tommy John Surgery came calling .
Next year , the Mets will probably look to make Francisco Rodriguez the highest paid closer in baseball .
Hey , I wonder if Tommy John Surgery and K - Rod were working together ?
Anyway , here ’s what else I saw yesterday in fantasy baseball :
B.J. Upton –
Out until the weekend with a strained quad .
A B.J. quad strain is blue balls , no ?
Emmanuel Burriss – For those who just lost Upton .
Burriss got a steal yesterday .
He might get 3 + steals this week .
In all of my H2H leagues , I ’m currently starting him .
He goes from the Diamondbacks to the Padres later in the week .
I could steal against the Padres ; I ’m not fast .
( UPDATE : He was injured yesterday and is no longer a replacement option for Upton . )
Jack Wilson – Might be out for the season with a hairline fracture in his right index finger .
Before you throw in the towel because you ’ve lost Jack Wilson , take comfort in knowing you do n’t own him on any team .
Tim Lincecum – 8.1 IP , 1 ER , 9 K and 126 pitches .
I hope his innings / pitches this year do n’t catch up to him next year .
I do , because I think Lincecum could be special .
With that said , why ca n’t these schmohawks limit him to 100 pitches when he ’s up six runs ?
How much evidence do you need that high pitch counts lead to injuries ?
If you were making a run for the pennant , would you let him throw 180 pitches ?
Inconceivable !
Gary Sheffield – 2 HRs .
Afterward Sheff said , “ Sheff tried to hit the white off the baseball . ”
Jon Lester – 7.2 IP , 9 Ks , 0 ER .
Looks like Lester did n’t ask Make - A - Wish for just a no-hitter , but a whole season of productivity .
Jeremy Guthrie – Not pitching tomorrow because he has the “ flu . ”
That ’s short for he has a crapload of innings on his arm .
If you ’re still waiting around for him in leagues , I would n’t anymore .
Kevin Gregg – Will return on Tuesday and Fredi Gonzalez said he ’ll continue to use Matt Lindstrom as the closer .
Why ?
Because Gonzalez is in a H2H matchup and he owns Lindstrom , obviously .
Dave Bush – 8 IP , 2 ER .
It ’s only fitting that Bush comes right before Wood .
Brandon Wood – 2 HRs .
I told you to pickup Brandon Wood on Friday , since then he has three HRs .
Yusmeiro Petit – 2 2/3 innings and 5 ER .
And we might see Jobacum again after all .
( Yes , Jobacum just came after Bush and Wood .
And that ’s how you make a triple - decker double entendre sandwich . )
Matt Antonelli – 1 - for - 21 since being called up .
Do n’t worry , Padres .
You still have the future promise of Khalil Greene .
Albert Pujols – Said he ’s considering Tommy John surgery in the offseason .
Was n’t Wagner enough for you , you monster ?!
Obama to travel to see ill grandmother
WEST PALM BEACH , Fla .
– Barack Obama will leave the campaign trail Thursday to travel to Hawaii to see his 85 - year - old grandmother , who has fallen ill , spokesman Robert Gibbs said Monday .
“ In the last few weeks her health has deteriorated to the point where her situation is very serious , ” Gibbs told reporters aboard Obama ’s campaign plane .
Advertisement
The change of plans means Obama will scrap scheduled rallies Thursday in Des Moines , Iowa , and Madison , Wisc .
He will instead head to Indianapolis , Ind. , for a morning event , leave for Hawaii and return to the campaign trail Saturday , making stops in the West .
His grandmother , Madelyn Dunham , “ has always been one of the most important people in his life , ” Gibbs said .
“ Along with his mother and his grandfather , she raised him in Hawaii from the time he was born to the moment he left for college . ”
Gibbs would not disclose her medical condition , other than to say it was “ very serious . ”
She was released from the hospital last week , Gibbs said .
“ The decision that Sen . Obama is making to go to Hawaii underscores the seriousness of the situation , ” Gibbs said .
Michelle Obama will hold events in place of her husband Friday in Akron , Ohio , and Columbus , Ohio , the campaign said in a statement .
Note :
An earlier version of this article misstated Dunham 's age .
Fancy trying your hand at a little digital forensics ?
Well , thanks to Paraben ’s CSI Stick , it ’s easy .
See , for a paltry $ 200 , you can have access to every piece of data stored on certain Motorola and Samsung handsets , including text messages , names and numbers , pictures , call logs , emails and anything else an unsuspecting user has stored on their phone .
The device looks like a flash drive and is about the size of a Bic lighter making it an easily concealable spy tool .
It simply plugs into a phone ’s data / charging port and rapidly downloads everything it finds , including deleted files that have n’t been overwritten .
The CSI Stick was developed for law enforcement , surveillance and intelligence operations but is also readily available to the public through Paraben ’s website .
More models of phones will become vulnerable shortly with Nokia , LG , RIM ( BlackBerry ) and others soon to be supported by the device .
The forensics tool leaves no trace that data has been compromised and there is no risk of data corruption leaving your victims completely unaware of your covert activities .
Plug the stick into your computer ’s USB port and run the data through Paraben ’s DS software to get an organized display of all the captured information .
Seriously though , this is pretty scary stuff and really makes you think twice about leaving your cell phone about the place .
I have n’t got anything too incriminating on my phone but still , I would n’t want some snoop reading my texts .
They ’re personal dammit !
I can see this device giving some crazy cat inspiration for a website , you know , hang ’ round in bars , covertly copy strangers ’ phone details and put them up on the web for all to see .
Hey , wait , that could be kinda amusing to read .
blackhatfacebook.com , yrtxts.mobi , Ideas anyone ?
Sources :
CSI Stick via Physorg and CNET
The prospective SIV bailout plan , officially called the Master Liquidity Enhancement Conduit ( MLEC ) or informally called The Entity , retreated a bit from the public eye yesterday as the perps , whoops , organizers , seemed to be focusing their energies on firming up arrangements so that they can announce progress and have the appearance of momentum .
( if you are new to this topic , this post provides some helpful background ) .
But aside from all the open and troublesome issues we ’ve discussed in previous posts ( the biggest one being pricing of the assets to be sold to the MLEC , since the interests of current SIV owners and prospective funding sources seem hopelessly in conflict ) , the biggest obstacle the organizers , Citigroup , JP Morgan , and Bank of America face is finding bagholders , meaning investors that will buy either the commercial paper or the senior debt of the MLEC .
Our understanding , based on a short and rather amusing post at Conglomerate , is that the junior debt will be held by the SIVs that sell assets to the MLEC ( ah , the ways of Wall Street ) .
The finding of bagholders is an interesting exercise , since ( from what little we have seen to date ) , the credit support provided by the perps appears to be non-existent ( note that the original reporting gave the impression there would be guarantees of some form ) .
Reader Bernard pointed out a passage that I had overlooked in New York Times story yesterday :
The new conduit will offer to buy many of the securities owned by SIVs , but at a cost to those vehicles .
First they will have to pay a fee for the right to sell anything to the conduit , and part of that fee will be passed on to the banks , increasing their profits .
Most of the proceeds will be paid to the conduits in cash , which they can use to redeem commercial paper .
But a part of the payment , perhaps 5 percent of it , will instead be in junior securities issued by the conduit .
Because those securities would bear the first losses suffered by the conduit , it is the SIVs , as a group , that will take the first risk that the securities turn out to be worth less than the conduit pays .
From what we have been able to discern , historically SIVs have had either two or three tiers , with the vast majority of the debt funding coming from “ senior notes ” which are in fact commercial paper .
The junior notes are generally the equity layer .
Now since the structure of The Entity has yet to be disclosed , it is n’t clear whether there will be a senior - subordinated layer .
If so , someone ( the perps ) will have to round up investors to take that risk .
If not , and if the Times is correct , there is only a 5 % loss cushion for the commercial paper investors .
( Note that it is possible there will be credit enhancement , almost certainly for a fee ; we simply have n’t seen any confirmation ) .
If anyone had any faith in this paper , that might be adequate .
But CP investors are loss intolerant , this program is untested , and highly respected people in the fixed income game like Bill Gross at Pimco , are already calling the MLEC bad names :
There ’s a lot of dead bodies off balance sheets that we still ca n’t find .
This SIV idea is a little lame , in my opinion .
And let me twist an old phrase and suggest that a SIV by any other name is still a SIV .
In the interview , Gross calls the SIV “ sieve ” to underscore his point .
Even a politician ( and one who ought to be supporting this program ) depicted the program as a band - aid at best .
From the Wall Street Journal :
Sen . Charles Schumer of New York , a supporter of Wall Street , said the “ superconduit may be a good short - term response , but it ’s not going to solve the problem in the long run .
In a certain way , it ’s taking money out of one pocket and putting it in another . ”
With such ringing endorsements , the search for bagholders , um , supporters is going slowly .
Again , from the Journal :
Yesterday , Wachovia Corp. said it will participate in the fund .
“ While it ’s not a significant issue for us , we plan to participate at an appropriate level because we want to help improve the stability of the markets , ” a spokeswoman said .
Among the firms offering support for the plan are Fidelity Investments and Federated Investors Inc .
Both hold debt issued by an arm of Gordian Knot Ltd. , one of the SIVs that could benefit from the fund .
Fidelity ’s $ 10.4 billion Prime Money Market Portfolio owned $ 402 million medium - term notes from Gordian ’s Sigma Finance Inc. arm as of the end of August .
A spokesman said he believed that such holdings “ continue to represent minimal credit risk ” and said the firm ’s “ money - market funds continue to perform strongly . ”
So at least so far , only one bona fide end investor who does n’t have ulterior motives has put up his hand and said it will go along , and that is for public - minded reasons .
If Wachovia really is just showing support , that means it will only buy a token participation .
Now other names are also being bandied about as “ participants , ” but they do not look like the really scarce part of this equation , the prized bagholders who will buy the debt of the MLEC , either commercial paper or any senior - subordinated notes .
But the help of these other participant would be useful if nothing else , to increase perceived legitimacy .
Wall Street firms are considering signing on , presumably as placement agents ( and perhaps sharing any credit support ) on a fee basis .
Thus for them , the tradeoff is fee potential versus any reputational ( and possible credit ) risk the venture might entail .
As the Journal notes , wide - scale participation from the Street is n’t essential , so if one or two firms sign up to validate the idea , that will probably do :
This is search engine optimization tip number eight in our continuing series of search engine optimization tips .
Each search engine optimization tip is very specific , should not take a long time to fix ( or to check to see if you are following the search engine optimization best practices ) , and will be rather “ short and sweet ” and directly to the point .
If you have not been following along with all of our search engine optimization tips , you might want to take a look at the previous SEO tips that we have already talked about .
Last time we talked about the anchor text of internal links .
Then , before that , we talked about having keyword in your urls , linking to your home page , the meta keywords tag , the keywords on your web page , the meta description tag , and your web page ’s title tag .
All of these “ search engine optimization tips ” are things I look at when analyzing a site or optimizing it for the search engines .
Keep in mind , though , that this is only the beginning .
There are a lot more search engine optimization tips coming .
For this eighth search engine optimization tip , let ’s review your image alt tags and putting keywords in your Alt Tags .
What exactly is an Alt Tag ?
Wikipedia explains what an Alt Tag really is : “ The alt attribute is used in HTML and XHTML documents to specify text that is to be rendered when the element to which it is applied can not be rendered .
In HTML 4.01 , the attribute is required for the img and area element types . ”
Wikipedia actually tells us that Alt Tags are really a Misnomer .
They say that :
“ The alt attribute is commonly , but incorrectly , referred to as an image ’s “ alt tag ” .
It is not intended to provide “ pop up ” text or tooltips when a user ’s mouse hovers over the image , though alt text has historically been presented in this way in some web browsers ; HTML ’s title attribute is intended for supplementary information that can be used in this way .
( To use alt correctly and suppress the tooltip that some web browsers generate , a web author can use an empty title attribute . ) ” .
Alt Tags are really technically called “ alt attributes ” .
But , let ’s just call them Alt Tags because that ’s what I ’m used to calling them .
How do you use an Alt Tag ?
It ’s pretty simple , really .
Alt Tags are added to images , in the html code when the image is called for in the html code of the web page .
The easiest thing to do is to insert the image on the page and then add or edit the alt tag .
Take a look at the alt tag example from NetMechanic .
The keywords that describe that image is put into the alt tag for the image .
What is important here is that each image on your web site contains a unique Alt Tag or “ alt attribute ” .
The keywords used should describe the image perfectly .
Try to be as specific as possible .
For example , when I added the screen capture of the NetMechanic example of the image alt tag usage , I used the keyword phrase “ Image Alt Tag example ” .
I believe that it perfectly describes what you will find when you look at that image .
So , for this search engine optimization number eight , the Keywords in the Alt Tags are important .
They should describe what you will see in the image perfectly .
If the image is an image of a 35 year old female doctor holding a stethoscope , then I would use the keyword phrase “ 35 year old female doctor holding stethoscope ” in the image ’s Alt Tag .
If you use multiple images on your web site , make sure that if the image is a different image then it will need a unique image Alt Tag .
And the people who always pretended to know better , who should have known better , the mortgage hucksters and the gilt - edged , high - rolling , helicopter - flying Wall Street financiers , kept pushing this bad paper higher and higher up the pyramid without looking at the fine print themselves , not bothering to understand it , until all the crap came raining down on the rest of us .
Image Bob Herbert
Yes , the system came perilously close to collapse last week and needs to be stabilized as quickly as possible .
But we do n’t know yet that King Henry ’s fiat , his $ 700 billion solution , is the best solution .
Like the complex mortgage - based instruments at the heart of this debacle , nobody has a real grasp yet of the vast implications of Mr. Paulson ’s remedy .
Experts need some reasonable amount of time 
I ’m talking about days , not weeks  to home in on the weak points , the loopholes , the potential unintended consequences of a bailout of this magnitude .
The patchwork modifications being offered by Democrats in Congress are insufficient .
Reasonable estimates need to be made of the toll to be taken on taxpayers .
Reasonable alternatives need to be heard .
I agree with the economist Dean Baker , co-director of the Center for Economic and Policy Research in Washington , that while the government needs to move with dispatch , there is also a need to make sure that taxpayers ’ money is used only where “ absolutely necessary . ”
Lobbyists , bankers and Wall Street types are already hopping up and down like over - excited children , ready to burst into the government ’s $ 700 billion piñata .
This widespread eagerness is itself an indication that there is something too sweet about the Paulson plan .
This is not supposed to be a good deal for business .
“ The idea is that you ’re coming here because you would be going bankrupt otherwise , ” said Mr. Baker .
“ You ’re coming here because you have no alternative .
You ’re getting a bad deal , but it ’s better than going out of business .
That ’s how it should be structured . ”
In yesterday ’s post I pondered out loud about whether or not the line I commute on is the busiest one in the Osaka area or not , so I decided to look for some statistics .
With surprisingly little effort , I found the data for last year , 2007 , for Tokyo , Osaka and Nagoya areas .
The degree of crowding was averaged over one hour over all the trains passing through the segment between two stations , and I presume also averaged over the year .
As a baseline , 100 % is full , not just all seats taken , but also the straps and a few people around the doors .
150 % is touching shoulders , but can still easily read a newspaper .
180 % is bodies touching , but can just manage to read .
200 % is just a bit too close , but you can still just manage a magazine or book .
250 % is sardines .
So without further ado , here they are for the main lines around each of the cities :
Tokyo area railway conjestion statistics for 2007
Line Stations Overcrowding Tobu Isesaki Line Kosuge to Kita - senju 145 % Tobu Tojo Line Kita-ikebukuro to Ikebukuro 136 % Seibu Ikebukuro Line Shiinamachi to Ikebukuro 158 % Seibu Shinjuku Line Shita-ochiai to Takadanobaba 160 % Keisei Oshiage Line Hikifune to Oshiage 160 % Keisei Main Line Daijingu- shita to Keisei- funabashi 151 % Keio Line Shimo - takaido to Meidaimae 169 % Keio Inokashira Line Shinsen to Shibuya 146 % Odakyu Odawara Line Setagaya - daita to Shimo - kitazawa 192 % Tokyu Toyoko Line Yutenji to Naka - meguro 172 % Tokyu Den-en - toshi Line Ikejiri-Ohashi to Shibuya 198 % Keikyu Main Line Tobe to Yokohama 153 % Toei Asakusa Line Honjo-azumabashi to Asakusa 133 % Toei Mita Line Nishi- sugamo to Sugamo 164 % Toei Shinjuku Line Nishi-ojima to Sumiyoshi 173 % Tokyo Metro Hibaya Line Minowa to Iriya 164 % Tokyo Metro Ginza Line Asasaka - mitsuke to Tameike - Sanno 168 % Tokyo Metro Marunouchi Line Shin-otsuka to Myogadani 159 % Tokyo Metro Tozai Line Kiba to Monzen - nakacho 199 % Tokyo Metro Yurakucho Line Higashi-ikebukuro to Gokokuji 173 % Tokyo Metro Chiyoda Line Machiya to Nishi- Nippori 181 % Tokyo Metro Hanzomon Line Shibuya to Omotesando 173 % JR Tokaido Line Kawasaki to Shinagawa 191 % JR Yokosuka Line Shin-kawasaki to Shinagawa 182 % JR Chuo Rapid Line Nakano to Shinjuku 198 % JR Chuo Sobu Line Yoyogi to Sendagaya 91 % JR Keihin - Tohoku Line Ueno to Okachimachi 209 % JR Joban Rapid Line Matsudo to Kita - senju 176 % JR Joban Sobu Line Kameari to Ayase 176 % JR Sobu Rapid Line Shin-koiwa to Kinshicho 180 % JR Sobu Line Kinshicho to Ryokoku 206 % Average of all 31 lines 171 %
Osaka area railway conjestion statistics for 2007
Line Stations Overcrowding Kintetsu Nara Line Kawachi-eiwa to Fuse 141 % Kintetsu Osaka Line Shuntokumichi to Fuse 141 % Kintetsu Minami Osaka Line Kita - tanabe to Koboreguchi 142 % Kintetsu Kyoto Line Mukaijima to Momoyamagoryomae 143 % Nankai Koya Line Mozuhachiman to Mikunigaoka 130 % Namkai Main Line Minato to Sakai 131 % Keihan Main Line Noe to Kyobashi 126 % Hankyu Takarazuka Line Mikuni to Juso 147 % Hankyu Kobe Line Kanzakigawa to Juso 148 % Hankyu Kyoto Line Kami- shinjo to Awaji 130 % Hanshin Main Line Yodogawa to Noda 115 % Osaka Municipal Subway Midosuji Line Namba to Shinsaibashi 134 % Osaka Municipal Subway Tanamachi Line Tennoji to Shitenn?ji-mae Y?higaoka 120 % Osaka Municipal Subway Yotsubashi Line Namba to Yotsubashi 99 % Osaka Municipal Subway Sakaisuji Line Nipponbashi to Nagahoribashi 113 % JR Tokaido Rapid Line Ibaraki to Shin-osaka 122 % JR Tokaido Line Shin-osaka to Osaka 119 % JR Osaka Loop Line Tsuruhashi to Tamatsukuri 149 % JR Katamachi ( Gakkentoshi ) Line Shigino to Kyobashi 137 % JR Hanwa Line Sakaishi to Tennoji 141 % Average of all 20 lines 133 %
Nagoya area railway conjestion statistics for 2007
Line Stations Overcrowding Meitetsu Main Line ( East ) Jingu-mae to Kanayama 140 % Meitetsu Main Line ( West ) Sako to Meitetsu Nagoya 137 % Kintetsu Nagoya Line Komeno to Nagoya 143 % Nagoya Municipal Subway Higashiyama Line Nagoya to Fushimi 174 % Nagoya Municipal Subway Meijo Line Kanayama to Higashi Betsuin 160 % Nagoya Municipal Subway Tsurumai Line Kawana to Gokiso 138 % JR Tokaido Line Biwajima to Nagoya 145 % JR Chuo Line Shin-moriyama to Ozone 128 % Average of all 8 lines 146 %
Data taken from the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure and Transport web site .
Ooops !
You need flash
Mark Z. Barabak writes about politics for the Los Angeles Times .
He has been a newspaper reporter for more than 30 years , covering campaigns and elections in 48 of the 50 states , including all or part of the last eight presidential contests and seven California gubernatorial races .
He joined the Times in 1997 after stints at UPI , the San Francisco Chronicle and Copley News Service .
Recent commentary
Oct. 12 : With just about three weeks left in the campaign , Republican John McCain faces an increasingly steep and narrow path to the 270 electoral votes he needs to win the White House .
The third and final presidential debate Wednesday night may be the Arizona senator 's last best chance to reverse the momentum that has shifted strongly toward the Democratic nominee , Illinois Sen. Barack Obama .
Oct. 7 : Story : John McCain 's options narrow on the electoral college map .
Dear EarthTalk :
What ’s the story with animal cloning ?
Is the meat industry really cloning animals now to “ beef up ” production ?
-- Frank DeFazio , Sudbury , MA
Cloning has been controversial ever since Scottish scientists announced in 1996 that they had cloned their first mammal , a sheep they named Dolly .
While Dolly lived a painful , arthritic life and died prematurely , possibly due to the imperfections of cloning , industry nonetheless began seeking out ways to capitalize on the new technology .
Meanwhile , critics bemoan cloning as immoral and a potential health and safety risk , given the as - yet - unknown consequences of eating foods generated in this way .
In January 2008 , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) approved the sale of cloned animals and their offspring for food , despite fierce opposition from animal welfare and consumer advocacy groups , environmental organizations , some members of Congress , and many consumers .
“ Our evaluation is that the food from cloned animals is as safe as the food we eat every day , ” said Stephen Sundlof , the FDA ’s chief of veterinary medicine .
Meanwhile , the U.S. Department of Agriculture has asked that producers withhold cloned animals , but not their offspring , from the food supply while farmers , processors , grocery stores and restaurants decide how they will respond to the FDA ’s landmark decision .
Unsurprisingly , industry groups also argue that beef and milk from cloned animals is safe to consume .
They cite a 2005 University of Connecticut study , which concluded that beef and milk from cloned cows did not pose any health or safety threats to people consuming it .
But critics say that the oft - cited single study was far too limited to yield any meaningful conclusions :
Milk and beef was taken from just six cloned animals , and the study did not take into account whether clones were more susceptible to infection or other microbial problems , as many scientists suspect .
Other researchers have noted severe deformities in many cloned animals , as well as a higher incidence of reproductive , immune and other health problems .
The Washington , DC - based Center for Food Safety , in a petition it filed in late 2006 , declared : “ The available science shows that cloning presents serious food safety risks , animal welfare concerns and unresolved ethical issues that require strict oversight . ”
The group announced on September 2 , 2008 that 20 leading U.S. food producers — including Kraft Foods , General Mills , Gerber / Nestle , Campbell ’s Soup and Ben and Jerry ’s — will not use cloned animals in their products .
“ The move by these companies represents a growing industry trend of responding to consumer demand for better food safety , environmental and animal welfare standards , ” the group said in making the announcement .
Given the FDA ’s green light , consumers ’ only hope of avoiding cloned animal products may be to appeal to businesses directly not to peddle such items .
The Pennsylvania - based American Anti-Vivisection Society , which opposes all forms of animal research and testing , has mounted a campaign to urge McDonald ’s to forego cloned animals in its 30,000 restaurants worldwide .
CONTACTS : U.S. Food & Drug Administration , www.fda.gov; Center for Food Safety , www.centerforfoodsafety.org; American Anti-Vivisection Society , www.aavs.org.
GOT AN ENVIRONMENTAL QUESTION ?
Send it to : EarthTalk , c/o E / The Environmental Magazine , P.O. Box 5098 , Westport , CT 06881 ; submit it at : www.emagazine.com/earthtalk/thisweek/, or e-mail : earthtalk@emagazine.com .
Read past columns at : www.emagazine.com/earthtalk/archives.php.
Just watch ( the voices are Mike Murphy and Peggy Noonan ) …
And if you ’re interested , the transcript …
Chuck Todd : Mike Murphy , lots of free advice , we ’ll see if Steve Schmidt and the boys were watching .
We ’ll find out on your blackberry .
Tonight voters will get their chance to hear from Sarah Palin and she will get the chance to show voters she ’s the right woman for the job Up next , one man who ’s already convinced and he ’ll us why Gov. Jon Huntsman .
( cut away )
Peggy Noonan : Yeah .
Mike Murphy :
You know , because I come out of the blue swing state governor world : Engler , Whitman , Tommy Thompson , Mitt Romney , Jeb Bush .
I mean , these guys — this is how you win a Texas race , just run it up .
And it ’s not gonna work .
And —
PN : It ’s over .
MM : Still McCain can give a version of the Lieberman speech to do himself some good .
CT : I also think the Palin pick is insulting to Kay Bailey Hutchinson , too .
PN : Saw Kay this morning .
CT : Yeah , she ’s never looked comfortable about this —
MM : They ’re all bummed out .
CT : Yeah , I mean is she really the most qualified woman they could have turned to ?
PN : The most qualified ?
No !
I think they went for this — excuse me– political bullshit about narratives —
CT : Yeah they went to a narrative .
MM : I totally agree .
PN : Every time the Republicans do that , because that ’s not where they live and it ’s not what they ’re good at , they blow it .
MM : You know what ’s really the worst thing about it ?
The greatness of McCain is no cynicism , and this is cynical .
CT : This is cynical , and as you called it , gimmicky .
MM : Yeah .
The City of Milwaukee is about to steal a man ’s home .
No , this is n’t because they want to build a highway .
Nor is it about transferring the property to some private developer .
They are taking the man ’s home because he failed to pay a parking ticket !
Peter Tubic , 62 , is the victim of government theft and his home , valued at about a quarter of million dollars , is going to be sold by the city in order to pay the parking ticket .
Tubic , who is on social security disability because of mental and physical problems , was ticketed for having an unlicensed car .
The car , however , was sitting in his driveway at the time .
It was parked on private property and not on a public road .
The fine was $ 50 .
Then the city tacked on additional penalties to the fine amounting to $ 2,600 .
At the time the home belonged to Mr. Tubic parents .
Tubic was caring for them at the time .
His father had dementia and his mother was dying of cancer .
And in spite of his own disabilities he was their live - in caretaker .
The vehicle had a broken radiator .
In order to license the vehicle the renew the license the car had to have the radiator fixed and Tubic could n’t afford that .
The vehicle was fined for violating city zoning laws .
Tubic says a bureaucrat came by the house and ordered him to fix the vehicle and he intended to do that .
But a couple of days later his father died and he was overwhelmed by the death and the tasks he faced .
By the way , the ticket is only four years old .
You try to figure out the interest on a $ 50 fine to reach $ 2,600 in just four years .
If the interest were 100 % per year the fine would be just $ 800 .
The City of Milwaukee apparently charges interest that is well in excess of most Mafia loan sharks .
And apparently they enforce their “ deals ” with the same sort of brutality .
Instead of busting a kneecap the City , however , steals a man ’s home .
All Tubic ’s taxes ( payments politicians demand in order to let you use your own property ) were paid in full .
The only issue was the fine for violating zoning laws by having a van without license plates parked in his driveway .
Of course the compassionate city says that Tubic is allowed to rent his own home from the city until they sell it from underneath him .
But then he ’ll have to negotiate rent from the new owners .
According to Social Security , Mr Tubic has psychological disabilities that restrict his “ ability to understand , remember and carry out detailed instructions ” .
He also suffers from degenerative diseases of the knees and spine , has a chronic respiratory disease and diabetes .
The City of Milwaukee has a court date set for September 11th , a day favored by terrorists of all sorts apparently .
The plan , at this time , is for them to confiscate the house .
All this because of a $ 50 fine for a “ zoning violation ” .
You can contact Mayor Tom Barrett at ( 414 ) 286-2200 or at mayor@milwaukee.gov .
Labels : stupid government
Waxman threatens AG with contempt unless he gets FBI 's Cheney transcripts Nick Juliano
Published : Tuesday July 8 , 2008
Print This Email This Rep. Henry Waxman ( D - CA ) says his committee will vote next week to hold Attorney General Michael Mukasey in contempt if the Bush appointee continues to refuse to hand over transcripts of an FBI interview with Vice President Dick Cheney .
Waxman says the interview transcript is vital to the Oversight Committee 's investigation of the outing of former CIA agent Valerie Plame .
In a letter to Mukasey ( .pdf ) , Waxman noted that Cheney 's former aide I. Lewis " Scooter " Libby told the FBI it was " possible " that Cheney told him to expose Plame after her husband , former ambassador Joseph Wilson , publicly undercut the administration 's claim that Iraq was seeking uranium from Africa .
" The arguments you have raised for withholding the interview report are not tenable , " Waxman told Mukasey .
" When the FBI interview with the Vice President was conducted , the Vice President knew that the information in the interview could be made public in a criminal trial and that there were no restrictions on Special Counsel Fitzgerald 's use of the interview . "
Mukasey has invoked executive privilege -- the Bush administration 's go - to response to Congress 's attempts at oversight -- in refusing to hand over transcripts of the interviews with the president and vice president .
The interviews were conducted in relation to Patrick Fitzgerald 's probe of Plame 's outing .
Libby was the only person convicted as a result of that inquiry , although it eventually revealed that Karl Rove and former State Department official Richard Armitage also had leaked Plame 's name .
Waxman said the committee was willing to relent on its demand for Bush 's interview transcript , but he would not let up on Cheney because of the vice president 's potential orchestration of the campaign .
Welcome to DjangoCon Welcome to DjangoCon
DjangoCon 2008 opened this morning with a keynote speech on the Google App Engine given by Python creator , Guido van Rossum .
Google has leveraged bits of Django directly and indirectly in their App Engine service and appears to be furthering that trend now that the Django project has hit 1.0 .
Guido gave an overview of the App Engine architecture , how this differs from running a pure Django environment and how these parts apply to Google internal architecture .
He also talked about a method to use large parts of Django 1.0 within your App Engine applications .
Subjects also touched upon :
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
By Ashin Mettacara
The Saffron Revolution consisted of a series of massive demonstrations led by Buddhist monks demanding democratic reforms in Burma .
The demonstrations began on September 18th and ended on September 30th 2007 .
The Saffron Revolution was named after the saffron colored robe worn by demonstrating monks .
Before the Saffron Revolution , the military regime doubled the price of petrol and diesel on 15 August .
In response to the increase in fuel prices , citizens protested in demonstrations beginning on August 19th .
Thirteen prominent Burmese dissidents including Min Ko Naing , Ko Ko Gyi , Min Zeyar , Ko Jimmy , Ko Pyone Cho , Arnt Bwe Kywaw and Ko Mya Aye were arrested .
The military regime 's decision to double the fuel prices worsened the economic crisis in the country .
People were suffering more and more because of this price hike .
Buddhist monks in Burma are dependent on vast numbers of people for alms food and clothing .
Because of this interdependent relationship they could not ignore the plight of the people facing this economic crisis .
For this reason Buddhist monks in Pokokku protested on September 5th , 2007 .
As a result of the military 's response , three monks were injured .
Officials arrived at the monastery in the town of Pakokku to apologise for injures caused during the protest on September 5th .
The monks set fire to their vehicles and held about 20 officials captive for several hours to make a statement about their treatment .
The officials were freed after the intervention of a senior chief monk .
Subsequently Buddhist monks have threatened to hold more demonstrations unless the top military leader apologizes for beating monks .
They have further demanded the regime to reduce fuel prices , and to release political prisoners .
The deadline which has been set is 17 September , 2008 .
However the military have refused to meet the monks demands .
When the military failed to meet these requests , Buddhist monks urged their followers to boycott the military .
Monks have been requested to refuse alms and offerings from anyone connected to the military .
Buddhist monks in Burma are highly revered by the civilian population and also the military .
Therefore , the military government 's greatest fear is monks ' refusal of their alms and offerings .
After these events , about 600 Buddhist monks went to streets chanting the " metta sutta " ( the Buddha 's words on loving - kindness ) in Yangon on September 18th .
These peaceful demonstrations in the streets of Yangon spread to other states ' capitals over the next few days .
The monks were quickly joined by Burmese citizens from all walks of life , and they were protected and supported by film stars , musicians , teachers and students .
But the military opened fire on demonstrators on 26 September and many monks and laypeople were killed .
After this bloody crackdown , many temples were raided during the night and many monks were captured and interrogated .
To this day Buddhist monks in Burma are still being arrested and jailed .
House Minority Whip Roy Blunt ( R - Mo. ) said Wednesday that congressional Republicans ' do n’t feel like they understand the coherent strategy ' of the Bush administration — ' if there is one . '
GOP hits Bush on econ troubles
Whipsawed by the government ’s on - again , off - again intervention in the nation ’s financial crisis , House Minority Whip Roy Blunt ( R - Mo. ) said Wednesday that congressional Republicans “ do n’t feel like they understand the coherent strategy ” of the Bush administration — “ if there is one . ”
Republicans are upset with the White House on two fronts .
Advertisement
First , they say that administration officials have n’t done enough to keep them in the loop on its plans for addressing the crisis .
Second , they do n’t much like the plans : Intervening — as the administration has done with Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac and now AIG — does n’t comport with the GOP ’s core belief in the free market .
“ There is confidence in [ Federal Reserve Chairman Ben ]
Bernanke , but that reservoir is not limitless , ” House Republican Conference Chairman Adam Putnam ( R - Fla . ) said .
“ People need to understand what the guiding principles are behind this ad hoc strategy .
“ How do you decide that AIG is worthy of a bailout , but Lehman Brothers is not ?
There has to be some better understanding of that . ”
But understanding the “ guiding principles ” means talking them through , and Putnam said the White House has n’t done enough of that .
“ The communication lines are not operating efficiently , ” he said .
Although Bernanke and Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson traveled to the Hill on Tuesday evening to brief lawmakers on the AIG bailout , many Republicans said they were caught off guard by the bailout when it was announced a few hours later .
Putnam said the Treasury Department and the Federal Reserve should dispatch an envoy to Capitol Hill to keep members up to speed on the latest developments .
Republicans are n’t the only ones complaining .
Senate Banking Committee Chairman Chris Dodd ( D - Conn . ) let it be known earlier this week that Paulson had postponed a planned appearance before his committee but still found time to deliver a speech at a think tank on the day he was scheduled to appear .
And Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) complained Wednesday that he “ had n’t heard anything about ” the AIG bailout until Tuesday night .
“ I was disappointed to learn this had been under discussion for days , ” Reid said .
Republican frustration runs deeper .
The chairman of the 100 - strong conservative Republican Study Committee , Rep. Jeb Hensarling of Texas , said that the administration has stumbled down a road that makes many conservatives uncomfortable .
“ It ’s time to bail out the taxpayers from bailout mania , ” Hensarling said .
“ Neither the secretary of the Treasury nor the Fed has articulated a clear standard ” for who gets bailed out and who does n’t .
“ We ’ve given a blank check to the secretary of the Treasury . ”
Republican Sen. Jim Bunning of Kentucky was more blunt .
“ To say I am outraged by this would be an understatement , ” Bunning said .
“ The greed on Wall Street is only exceeded by the stupidity of the Treasury secretary and the chairman of the Federal Reserve . ”
Bunning compared the federal government ’s interventions with the actions of Venezuelan dictator Hugo Chavez — and not favorably .
“ The only difference between what the Fed did and what Hugo Chavez is doing in Venezuela is Chavez does n’t put taxpayer dollars at risk when he takes over companies — he just takes them , ” he said .
Another small - government crusader , Sen. Jim DeMint ( R - S.C. ) , complained that “ failed government policies ” allowed the financial crisis to occur in the first place .
“ Our leaders need to wake up , exercise some real discipline , and push for policies that reduce the failed role of government and reduce taxes on American investment to attract new capital to our markets . ”
The Club for Growth , a guiding light for fiscal conservatives , celebrated the weekend ’s announcement that Lehman Brothers would be left to die , saying , “ Resisting another bailout was a smart move . ”
The group was silent Wednesday in the wake of the $ 86 billion AIG intervention .
Posted on September 13 , 2008 in Uncategorized
The artist of the day is Asaf Hanuka .
Asaf is an Israeli comic book artist who , along with his twin brother Tomer , received numerous awards for their series Bipolar .
“ being an illustrator is not entirely different than being a traveling salesman .
only instead of vacuum cleaners you sell visual metaphors .
finding the proper one for each different client is not an easy task , since it ’s mostly used where an abstract idea needs to be presented .
a good illustration is not only a metaphor of the subject for which it was created , but also a visual combination of form and color that manage , for a brief moment , to have a life of it ’s own . ” – Interview with Amateur Illustrator
“ This image was created for a newspaper in Israel .
The article talks about the sad reality of parents preparing themselves mentally for the possibility they will loose their child in the ongoing conflict in the middle east .
The grieving starts at the moment the doctor announces they have a boy during the ultrasound scan , and continues until the child finally leaves for his mandatory 3 years army service at 18 . ” – from Tropical Toxic
Tons more pictures
SELinux and Fedora
LWN .net needs you !
Without subscribers , LWN would simply not exist .
Please consider signing up for a subscription and helping to keep LWN publishing
Red Hat has undoubtedly done more to make SELinux usable than any other organization , but has it actually reached the point where it can be enabled by default for all desktops ?
The Fedora project clearly thinks so .
Not only is SELinux enabled , but the installer no longer has an option to disable it or to put it into " permissive " mode .
Most of the posts in a thread on the fedora - devel mailing list see that as the right choice , but some are not so sure .
Jon Masters started things off by making a request to restore the installation option , giving several reasons summing up with :
But there are numerous other justifications I could give , including my personal belief that it 's absolutely nuts to thrust SE Linux upon unsuspecting Desktop users ( who do n't know what it is anyway ) without giving them the choice to turn it off .
His reasons were unconvincing to many as he was not considered to be a " normal " desktop user ; the things he was doing were much more technical than the users that are being targeted by the SELinux policies distributed with Fedora 9 .
The problems he reported were resolved quickly , but the fact remains that there are paths through Fedora — even just using desktop applications — that will result in SELinux - caused failures .
The Red Hat SELinux team is very responsive , but users will get frustrated quickly if things they are trying to do fail in mysterious ( to them ) ways .
Alan Cox argues against providing an installation choice because he does n't think users have enough context to make a sensible choice .
He likens it to a car with multiple choices for safety features :
" This car has brakes , enable them ? "
" Would you like the seatbelts to work ? "
" Shall I enable the airbag ? "
When push comes to shove , Masters and a few others see the default of SELinux installed in " enforcing " mode as being too restrictive .
It is likely to cause users to become annoyed with Fedora as a whole because one or more paths through the applications have not yet been tested .
That , unfortunately , is the crux of the issue : SELinux policies are being developed in a reactive manner based on testing applications and adding exceptions for actions they perform .
As a security tool , SELinux is a good choice , because it essentially denies everything by default .
Policies are added that will allow certain actions for users and applications .
Its complexity is legendary , however , which is why Red Hat ( and others ) have made a substantial effort to make it work semi-invisibly .
They started by generating policies for network - facing services and have now moved into securing desktop applications , particularly programs like web browsers which are increasingly the target of attacks .
SELinux has three modes , disabled , which turns off SELinux , permissive , which just logs attempts to do things that violate the policies , and enforcing , which disallows any access that is denied by the policies .
When getting applications to work with SELinux , permissive mode is typically used .
The log messages are analyzed to determine what changes should be made to the policies or to the application so that they work together .
If there are features that were not tested in the application that require additional privileges , the first user that tries that feature in enforcing mode will run into trouble .
When that happens , SELinux can be put into permissive mode with a simple GUI or configuration file change , followed by a reboot .
One of the problems is that users may very well not know that SELinux is the source of their problem .
There are tools , like SETroubleShoot , that can help alert users , but it is still a frustrating , hard to comprehend problem at times .
Once the user has " fixed " the problem by disabling SELinux , they are unlikely to turn it back on .
It is a difficult choice , but Fedora is firmly on the side of forcing non-technical users into using SELinux , at least until it breaks .
More technical users will know about SELinux and , perhaps , be able to make more informed choices .
One of Red Hat 's SELinux developers , James Morris , neatly sums up the reasons it is important to continue pushing SELinux :
The only way to really make progress in improving security is to make it a standard part of the computing landscape ; for it to be ubiquitous and generalized , which is the aim of the SELinux project . [...]
Punting the decision to the end user during installation is possibly the worst option .
It 's our responsibility as the developers of the OS to both get security right and make it usable .
It 's difficult , indeed , but not impossible .
There are efforts underway to add easier ways for users to report SELinux log messages , perhaps even in an automated way , so that policy or application problems get identified and fixed more quickly .
While it may not be easy for long - time Linux users to adjust to an SELinux - enabled system , it is getting to the point where average users , who never use the command line , rarely run into problems .
And those are just the kind of users who need the level of security that SELinux can provide .
It 's a joke that probably goes back to the folks who settled outside that upstart new city of Ur. Some city slicker -- one of those Euphrates coast elitists -- comes out to farm country and thinks he 's going to pull one over on the locals .
Two hours later , the fast - talking urbanite finds himself standing out in a field hunting the rare Mesopotamian snipe while the rural folks gather around a barrel of ale to laugh .
Having come from a small town , I can tell you that these jokes have lost none of their appeal to folks who live away from the bright - lights , big - city centers .
Heck , there 's a big chunk of our national culture built around these ideas .
It 's been the backbone of television shows and movies from Green Acres to Doc Hollywood .
And small town folks are not without some justification in rolling their eyes over their antics of their city neighbors .
I 've had plenty of chances to see how folks from large cities think about the country .
I 've watched people pass up some terrific opportunities when those opportunities were located in towns of of less than fifty thousand people .
I 've seen them snicker about the kind of people that could live in such a place .
When you hear someone like Sarah Palin talk about " small town values " and see people across the country nod in agreement , it 's because they feel that all those " fly over " states are too often lumped into one big pot of losers , and that even when some big city type deigns to make a pitstop somewhere between East Coast and West , they would n't think of stepping into the pig shit they 're sure covers the streets of every town whose population is a notch under a million .
What is there to do in a small town ?
The same thing there is in a large city .
There are the same books , the same movies , the same sports , and for the most part the same social activities .
There 's also ready access to wilderness and outdoor activities that folks from the cities often drive for hours to find .
What 's not there in small towns ?
Well , for the most part there are n't any night clubs where people are going to be impressed by your ride or your suit , and the local selection of shoes probably does n't include anything being worn this week on the CW ( and if that 's how you judge the sort of place you want to live , then frankly I 'd just as soon you stay in the city ) .
The people at the GOP convention were n't able to define small town values when pressed on the subject , but I can give you my definition : small town values mean judging people more on their actions , and less on their possessions .
But there 's a flip side to this , a nasty counter current that 's all too stir .
Sticking up for your small town can very quickly go from not wanting to be looked down on by urbanites , to believing that cities are populated by an admix of " elitist snobs " and " welfare queens . "
Defending the things close to you can turn into attacking the things you 've not had the opportunity to participate in , even when those things are as valuable as world travel , a top quality education from one of those " elite Ive League " shools , and wide - randing experience with people of different social and ethnic backgrounds .
Being a local booster can easily become parochialism .
Cheering on those like yourself is nothing but the first step into bigotry .
Many conservatives have been enthralled over the last decade with some of the statements from Bill Cosby .
They like Cosby 's damnation of the culture adopted by some poor inner city African - Americans ( who rural conservatives believe make up the vast majority of urbanites ) .
Cosby 's assault on " funny names " and " gangsta " culture serve as confirmation for everything that conservatives have ever believed : blacks have as much chance as anyone , they just throw away their opportunities .
Nowhere is this more readily accepted than in small towns , because the next stop from sticking up for yourself , is looking down on someone else .
Cosby 's words fit like a hand inserted into the glove of every pre-conception small town folks ever had about the big city .
And that 's the " small town values " that John McCain and Sarah Palin evoke .
It 's not an appeal to the ideals of people who generally make less and have less than their urban relatives .
It 's not a call to equality regardless of social position or geographic location .
What McCain and Palin offer is a chance to indulge in the ugliest aspects of small town culture .
It 's a heady opportunity to sneer at the achievements of those who have excelled .
It 's an open offer to stand at the political podium and throw trash at those leftist extremists who actually think that everyone is just as American and just as patriotic as Jane and Jimmy Middleamerica .
It 's an exciting enticement to wallow in public hate flavored with the forbidden spice of racism .
In its own way , it 's a testimony far louder than any delivered by Bill Cosby that this kind of small town culture -- that conservative culture -- is just as dangerous , and just as endangered , as any in this country .
When you look at something like the web page of Levi Johnston with it 's proud declaration of being a red neck and it 's joyful talk of " kicking ass , " you 're looking at a culture that 's sick .
When a candidate for vice - president denigrates the value of community service , you 're looking at a culture that 's sick .
When you drop in on a GOP meeting and find boxes of " Barack Waffles " decorated by racist stereotypes and buttons bearing phrases like " If Obama is president , will we still call it the White House ? " you 're looking at a culture that 's sick .
It 's sick , partly because it's a culture that 's based on the assumption that some Americans are more equal than others , partly because it's a culture that denigrates education and achievement , partly because it's a culture that prefers convenient fictions to uncomfortable facts .
But mostly because it's a culture that 's forgotten what small town life teaches most clearly -- that none of us can make it on our own , that we have to depend on our community for both acceptance and support , and that the best way to ensure that the community will be there for you is by being there for others .
Hard as it is for some on both sides of the divide to believe , small town people are exactly as smart , dumb , good , bad , close - minded and curious as those who live in the cities .
Small town values are American values , but no more American than " New York City Values " or " San Francisco Values . "
In fact , their values are the same values .
The only reason to think otherwise is a GOP that 's become utterly dependent on spreading the poison of divisiveness and bigotry as their only means to survive .
The worries about taking money away from the public schools are more valid : as I heard from many administrators whom I interviewed for my story about demography , shrinking school districts do not see their expenses decline as fast as their student numbers .
Buildings still have to be heated , yards cleaned , and so forth .
Because the student numbers decline across grades , they have to lose a lot of students before they can get rid of one teaching slot .
Still , if the voucher is for less than the current full funding of the children , I see no problem .
And there 's no question that public school budgets are bloated : top - heavy with administration , for starters .
Too many city governments look at the schools first as a jobs program , second as a means for educating kids .
Why should n't they ?
The mostly poor citizenry they serve are n't going to buy a house in the suburbs , and if they did , it would probably be a net fiscal plus for a city providing expensive services on a very thin tax base .
Vouchers , Democrats say , are no substitute for fixing the schools .
This would be true if anyone had anything other than nice - sounding phrases with which to fix them .
Giving money to failing urban school districts is like giving money to failing third - world economies ; the entrenched interests siphon it off for their own uses .
Teacher salaries go up , janitorial pensions get fatter , more administrators are hired .
But the kids do n't get any smarter .
Obama 's plan to fix the schools : more money .
More money for teachers , more teachers , more after school programs .
Absent are any specifics about what the new teachers will do that is any different from what the current teachers are doing that is n't working .
John McCain does n't either , but at least he 's planning to shake up the educational architecture that gets worse every year .
One of the central insights of economics is that exit matters .
Markets do n't do better , over the long run , because people in the private sector are smarter or well meaning .
They do better because they can be fired .
What 's more , they frequently are : firms that do n't satisfy their customers go away .
Look at the businesses that people in America complain most about : cell phones , utilities , cable companies , health care .
What they have in common is that the end consumers do not have meaningful right of exit -- those companies have at least a temporary monopoly on their customers .
Private sector firms can fail spectacularly , as many financial firms just did .
But the important thing is that they fail .
Schools that do to education what Bear Stearns did to mortgage bonds maybe get a stern talking to from the mayor , and in extraordinary circumstances , the principal may be fired .
( Though this takes year ) .
But the school itself keeps going no matter how bad a job it is doing .
Never in living memory has an election been more critical than the one fast approaching — that ’s the quadrennial cliché , as expected as the balloons and the bombast .
And yet when has it ever felt so urgently true ?
When have so many Americans had so clear a sense that a Presidency has — at the levels of competence , vision , and integrity — undermined the country and its ideals ?
Illustration by Tom Bachtell
The incumbent Administration has distinguished itself for the ages .
The Presidency of George W. Bush is the worst since Reconstruction , so there is no mystery about why the Republican Party — which has held dominion over the executive branch of the federal government for the past eight years and the legislative branch for most of that time — has little desire to defend its record , domestic or foreign .
The only speaker at the Convention in St. Paul who uttered more than a sentence or two in support of the President was his wife , Laura .
Meanwhile , the nominee , John McCain , played the part of a vaudeville illusionist , asking to be regarded as an apostle of change after years of embracing the essentials of the Bush agenda with everincreasing ardor .
The Republican disaster begins at home .
Even before taking into account whatever fantastically expensive plan eventually emerges to help rescue the financial system from Wall Street ’s long - running pyramid schemes , the economic and fiscal picture is bleak .
During the Bush Administration , the national debt , now approaching ten trillion dollars , has nearly doubled .
Next year ’s federal budget is projected to run a half - trillion - dollar deficit , a precipitous fall from the seven - hundred - billion - dollar surplus that was projected when Bill Clinton left office .
Private - sector job creation has been a sixth of what it was under President Clinton .
Five million people have fallen into poverty .
The number of Americans without health insurance has grown by seven million , while average premiums have nearly doubled .
Meanwhile , the principal domestic achievement of the Bush Administration has been to shift the relative burden of taxation from the rich to the rest .
For the top one per cent of us , the Bush tax cuts are worth , on average , about a thousand dollars a week ; for the bottom fifth , about a dollar and a half .
The unfairness will only increase if the painful , yet necessary , effort to rescue the credit markets ends up preventing the rescue of our health - care system , our environment , and our physical , educational , and industrial infrastructure .
At the same time , a hundred and fifty thousand American troops are in Iraq and thirty - three thousand are in Afghanistan .
There is still disagreement about the wisdom of overthrowing Saddam Hussein and his horrific regime , but there is no longer the slightest doubt that the Bush Administration manipulated , bullied , and lied the American public into this war and then mismanaged its prosecution in nearly every aspect .
The direct costs , besides an expenditure of more than six hundred billion dollars , have included the loss of more than four thousand Americans , the wounding of thirty thousand , the deaths of tens of thousands of Iraqis , and the displacement of four and a half million men , women , and children .
Only now , after American forces have been fighting for a year longer than they did in the Second World War , is there a glimmer of hope that the conflict in Iraq has entered a stage of fragile stability .
The indirect costs , both of the war in particular and of the Administration ’s unilateralist approach to foreign policy in general , have also been immense .
The torture of prisoners , authorized at the highest level , has been an ethical and a public - diplomacy catastrophe .
At a moment when the global environment , the global economy , and global stability all demand a transition to new sources of energy , the United States has been a global retrograde , wasteful in its consumption and heedless in its policy .
Strategically and morally , the Bush Administration has squandered the American capacity to counter the example and the swagger of its rivals .
China , Russia , Iran , Saudi Arabia , and other illiberal states have concluded , each in its own way , that democratic principles and human rights need not be components of a stable , prosperous future .
At recent meetings of the United Nations , emboldened despots like Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of Iran came to town sneering at our predicament and hailing the “ end of the American era . ”
The election of 2008 is the first in more than half a century in which no incumbent President or Vice - President is on the ballot .
There is , however , an incumbent party , and that party has been lucky enough to find itself , apparently against the wishes of its “ base , ” with a nominee who evidently disliked George W. Bush before it became fashionable to do so .
In South Carolina in 2000 , Bush crushed John McCain with a sub-rosa primary campaign of such viciousness that McCain lashed out memorably against Bush ’s Christian - right allies .
So profound was McCain ’s anger that in 2004 he flirted with the possibility of joining the Democratic ticket under John Kerry .
Bush , who took office as a “ compassionate conservative , ” governed immediately as a rightist ideologue .
During that first term , McCain bolstered his reputation , sometimes deserved , as a “ maverick ” willing to work with Democrats on such issues as normalizing relations with Vietnam , campaign - finance reform , and immigration reform .
He co-sponsored , with John Edwards and Edward Kennedy , a patients ’ bill of rights .
In 2001 and 2003 , he voted against the Bush tax cuts .
With John Kerry , he co-sponsored a bill raising auto - fuel efficiency standards and , with Joseph Lieberman , a cap - and - trade regime on carbon emissions .
He was one of a minority of Republicans opposed to unlimited drilling for oil and gas off America ’s shores .
Since the 2004 election , however , McCain has moved remorselessly rightward in his quest for the Republican nomination .
He paid obeisance to Jerry Falwell and preachers of his ilk .
He abandoned immigration reform , eventually coming out against his own bill .
Most shocking , McCain , who had repeatedly denounced torture under all circumstances , voted in February against a ban on the very techniques of “ enhanced interrogation ” that he himself once endured in Vietnam — as long as the torturers were civilians employed by the C.I.A .
On almost every issue , McCain and the Democratic Party ’s nominee , Barack Obama , speak the generalized language of “ reform , ” but only Obama has provided a convincing , rational , and fully developed vision .
McCain has abandoned his opposition to the Bush - era tax cuts and has taken up the demagogic call — in the midst of recession and Wall Street calamity , with looming crises in Social Security , Medicare , and Medicaid — for more tax cuts .
Bush ’s expire in 2011 .
If McCain , as he has proposed , cuts taxes for corporations and estates , the benefits once more would go disproportionately to the wealthy .
In Washington , the craze for pure market triumphalism is over .
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson arrived in town ( via Goldman Sachs ) a Republican , but it seems that he will leave a Democrat .
In other words , he has come to see that the abuses that led to the current financial crisis––not least , excessive speculation on borrowed capital––can be fixed only with government regulation and oversight .
McCain , who has never evinced much interest in , or knowledge of , economic questions , has had little of substance to say about the crisis .
His most notable gesture of concern — a melodramatic call last month to suspend his campaign and postpone the first Presidential debate until the government bailout plan was ready — soon revealed itself as an empty diversionary tactic .
By contrast , Obama has made a serious study of the mechanics and the history of this economic disaster and of the possibilities of stimulating a recovery .
Last March , in New York , in a speech notable for its depth , balance , and foresight , he said , “ A complete disdain for pay - as - you - go budgeting , coupled with a generally scornful attitude towards oversight and enforcement , allowed far too many to put short - term gain ahead of long - term consequences . ”
Obama is committed to reforms that value not only the restoration of stability but also the protection of the vast majority of the population , which did not partake of the fruits of the binge years .
He has called for greater and more programmatic regulation of the financial system ; the creation of a National Infrastructure Reinvestment Bank , which would help reverse the decay of our roads , bridges , and mass - transit systems , and create millions of jobs ; and a major investment in the green - energy sector .
On energy and global warming , Obama offers a set of forceful proposals .
He supports a cap - and - trade program to reduce America ’s carbon emissions by eighty per cent by 2050 — an enormously ambitious goal , but one that many climate scientists say must be met if atmospheric carbon dioxide is to be kept below disastrous levels .
Large emitters , like utilities , would acquire carbon allowances , and those which emit less carbon dioxide than their allotment could sell the resulting credits to those which emit more ; over time , the available allowances would decline .
Significantly , Obama wants to auction off the allowances ; this would provide fifteen billion dollars a year for developing alternative - energy sources and creating job - training programs in green technologies .
He also wants to raise federal fuel - economy standards and to require that ten per cent of America ’s electricity be generated from renewable sources by 2012 .
Taken together , his proposals represent the most coherent and far - sighted strategy ever offered by a Presidential candidate for reducing the nation ’s reliance on fossil fuels .
There was once reason to hope that McCain and Obama would have a sensible debate about energy and climate policy .
McCain was one of the first Republicans in the Senate to support federal limits on carbon dioxide , and he has touted his own support for a less ambitious cap - and - trade program as evidence of his independence from the White House .
But , as polls showed Americans growing jittery about gasoline prices , McCain apparently found it expedient in this area , too , to shift course .
He took a dubious idea — lifting the federal moratorium on offshore oil drilling — and placed it at the very center of his campaign .
Opening up America ’s coastal waters to drilling would have no impact on gasoline prices in the short term , and , even over the long term , the effect , according to a recent analysis by the Department of Energy , would be “ insignificant . ”
Such inconvenient facts , however , are waved away by a campaign that finally found its voice with the slogan “ Drill , baby , drill ! ”
The contrast between the candidates is even sharper with respect to the third branch of government .
A tense equipoise currently prevails among the Justices of the Supreme Court , where four hard - core conservatives face off against four moderate liberals .
Anthony M. Kennedy is the swing vote , determining the outcome of case after case .
McCain cites Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Samuel Alito , two reliable conservatives , as models for his own prospective appointments .
If he means what he says , and if he replaces even one moderate on the current Supreme Court , then Roe v.
Wade will be reversed , and states will again be allowed to impose absolute bans on abortion .
McCain ’s views have hardened on this issue .
In 1999 , he said he opposed overturning Roe ; by 2006 , he was saying that its demise “ would n’t bother me any ” ; by 2008 , he no longer supported adding rape and incest as exceptions to his party ’s platform opposing abortion .
But scrapping Roe — which , after all , would leave states as free to permit abortion as to criminalize it — would be just the beginning .
Given the ideological agenda that the existing conservative bloc has pursued , it ’s safe to predict that affirmative action of all kinds would likely be outlawed by a McCain Court .
Efforts to expand executive power , which , in recent years , certain Justices have nobly tried to resist , would likely increase .
Barriers between church and state would fall ; executions would soar ; legal checks on corporate power would wither — all with just one new conservative nominee on the Court .
And the next President is likely to make three appointments .
Obama , who taught constitutional law at the University of Chicago , voted against confirming not only Roberts and Alito but also several unqualified lower - court nominees .
As an Illinois state senator , he won the support of prosecutors and police organizations for new protections against convicting the innocent in capital cases .
While McCain voted to continue to deny habeas - corpus rights to detainees , perpetuating the Bush Administration ’s regime of state - sponsored extra-legal detention , Obama took the opposite side , pushing to restore the right of all U.S. - held prisoners to a hearing , affirming America ’s founding principles .
The judicial future would be safe in his care .
In the shorthand of political commentary , the Iraq war seems to leave McCain and Obama roughly even .
Opposing it before the invasion , Obama had the prescience to warn of a costly and indefinite occupation and rising anti-American radicalism around the world ; supporting it , McCain foresaw none of this .
More recently , in early 2007 McCain risked his Presidential prospects on the proposition that five additional combat brigades could salvage a war that by then appeared hopeless .
Obama , along with most of the country , had decided that it was time to cut American losses .
Neither candidate ’s calculations on Iraq have been as cheaply political as McCain ’s repeated assertion that Obama values his career over his country ; both men based their positions , right or wrong , on judgment and principle .
President Bush ’s successor will inherit two wars and the realities of limited resources , flagging popular will , and the dwindling possibilities of what can be achieved by American power .
McCain ’s views on these subjects range from the simplistic to the unknown .
In Iraq , he seeks “ victory ” — a word that General David Petraeus refuses to use , and one that fundamentally misrepresents the messy , open - ended nature of the conflict .
As for Afghanistan , on the rare occasions when McCain mentions it he implies that the surge can be transferred directly from Iraq , which suggests that his grasp of counterinsurgency is not as firm as he insisted it was during the first Presidential debate .
McCain always displays more faith in force than interest in its strategic consequences .
Unlike Obama , McCain has no political strategy for either war , only the dubious hope that greater security will allow things to work out .
Obama has long warned of deterioration along the Afghanistan - Pakistan border , and has a considered grasp of its vital importance .
His strategy for both Afghanistan and Iraq shows an understanding of the role that internal politics , economics , corruption , and regional diplomacy play in wars where there is no battlefield victory .
Unimaginably painful personal experience taught McCain that war is above all a test of honor : maintain the will to fight on , be prepared to risk everything , and you will prevail .
Asked during the first debate to outline “ the lessons of Iraq , ” McCain said , “ I think the lessons of Iraq are very clear : that you cannot have a failed strategy that will then cause you to nearly lose a conflict . ”
A soldier ’s answer––but a statesman must have a broader view of war and peace .
The years ahead will demand not only determination but also diplomacy , flexibility , patience , judiciousness , and intellectual engagement .
These are no more McCain ’s strong suit than the current President ’s .
Obama , for his part , seems to know that more will be required than willpower and force to extract some advantage from the wreckage of the Bush years .
Obama is also better suited for the task of renewing the bedrock foundations of American influence .
An American restoration in foreign affairs will require a commitment not only to international coöperation but also to international institutions that can address global warming , the dislocations of what will likely be a deepening global economic crisis , disease epidemics , nuclear proliferation , terrorism , and other , more traditional security challenges .
Many of the Cold War-era vehicles for engagement and negotiation — the United Nations , the World Bank , the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty regime , the North Atlantic Treaty Organization — are moribund , tattered , or outdated .
Obama has the generational outlook that will be required to revive or reinvent these compacts .
He would be the first postwar American President unencumbered by the legacies of either Munich or Vietnam .
The next President must also restore American moral credibility .
Closing Guantánamo , banning all torture , and ending the Iraq war as responsibly as possible will provide a start , but only that .
The modern Presidency is as much a vehicle for communication as for decision - making , and the relevant audiences are global .
Obama has inspired many Americans in part because he holds up a mirror to their own idealism .
His election would do no less — and likely more — overseas .
What most distinguishes the candidates , however , is character — and here , contrary to conventional wisdom , Obama is clearly the stronger of the two .
Not long ago , Rick Davis , McCain ’s campaign manager , said , “ This election is not about issues .
This election is about a composite view of what people take away from these candidates . ”
The view that this election is about personalities leaves out policy , complexity , and accountability .
Even so , there ’s some truth in what Davis said–– but it hardly points to the conclusion that he intended .
Echoing Obama , McCain has made “ change ” one of his campaign mantras .
But the change he has actually provided has been in himself , and it is not just a matter of altering his positions .
A willingness to pander and even lie has come to define his Presidential campaign and its televised advertisements .
A contemptuous duplicity , a meanness , has entered his talk on the stump — so much so that it seems obvious that , in the drive for victory , he is willing to replicate some of the same underhanded methods that defeated him eight years ago in South Carolina .
Perhaps nothing revealed McCain ’s cynicism more than his choice of Sarah Palin , the former mayor of Wasilla , Alaska , who had been governor of that state for twenty - one months , as the Republican nominee for Vice - President .
In the interviews she has given since her nomination , she has had difficulty uttering coherent unscripted responses about the most basic issues of the day .
We are watching a candidate for Vice - President cram for her ongoing exam in elementary domestic and foreign policy .
This is funny as a Tina Fey routine on “ Saturday Night Live , ” but as a vision of the political future it ’s deeply unsettling .
Palin has no business being the backup to a President of any age , much less to one who is seventy - two and in imperfect health .
In choosing her , McCain committed an act of breathtaking heedlessness and irresponsibility .
Obama ’s choice , Joe Biden , is not without imperfections .
His tongue sometimes runs in advance of his mind , providing his own fodder for late - night comedians , but there is no comparison with Palin .
His deep experience in foreign affairs , the judiciary , and social policy makes him an assuring and complementary partner for Obama .
The longer the campaign goes on , the more the issues of personality and character have reflected badly on McCain .
Unless appearances are very deceiving , he is impulsive , impatient , self - dramatizing , erratic , and a compulsive risk - taker .
These qualities may have contributed to his usefulness as a “ maverick ” senator .
But in a President they would be a menace .
By contrast , Obama ’s transformative message is accompanied by a sense of pragmatic calm .
A tropism for unity is an essential part of his character and of his campaign .
It is part of what allowed him to overcome a Democratic opponent who entered the race with tremendous advantages .
It is what helped him forge a political career relying both on the liberals of Hyde Park and on the political regulars of downtown Chicago .
His policy preferences are distinctly liberal , but he is determined to speak to a broad range of Americans who do not necessarily share his every value or opinion .
For some who oppose him , his equanimity even under the ugliest attack seems like hauteur ; for some who support him , his reluctance to counterattack in the same vein seems like self - defeating detachment .
Yet it is Obama ’s temperament — and not McCain ’s — that seems appropriate for the office both men seek and for the volatile and dangerous era in which we live .
Those who dismiss his centeredness as self - centeredness or his composure as indifference are as wrong as those who mistook Eisenhower ’s stolidity for denseness or Lincoln ’s humor for lack of seriousness .
Nowadays , almost every politician who thinks about running for President arranges to become an author .
Obama ’s books are different : he wrote them .
“ The Audacity of Hope ” ( 2006 ) is a set of policy disquisitions loosely structured around an account of his freshman year in the United States Senate .
Though a campaign manifesto of sorts , it is superior to that genre ’s usual blowsy pastiche of ghostwritten speeches .
But it is Obama ’s first book , “ Dreams from My Father : A Story of Race and Inheritance ” ( 1995 ) , that offers an unprecedented glimpse into the mind and heart of a potential President .
Obama began writing it in his early thirties , before he was a candidate for anything .
Not since Theodore Roosevelt has an American politician this close to the pinnacle of power produced such a sustained , highly personal work of literary merit before being definitively swept up by the tides of political ambition .
A Presidential election is not the awarding of a Pulitzer Prize : we elect a politician and , we hope , a statesman , not an author .
But Obama ’s first book is valuable in the way that it reveals his fundamental attitudes of mind and spirit .
“ Dreams from My Father ” is an illuminating memoir not only in the substance of Obama ’s own peculiarly American story but also in the qualities he brings to the telling : a formidable intelligence , emotional empathy , self - reflection , balance , and a remarkable ability to see life and the world through the eyes of people very different from himself .
In common with nearly all other senators and governors of his generation , Obama does not count military service as part of his biography .
But his life has been full of tests — personal , spiritual , racial , political — that bear on his preparation for great responsibility .
It is perfectly legitimate to call attention , as McCain has done , to Obama ’s lack of conventional national and international policymaking experience .
We , too , wish he had more of it .
But office - holding is not the only kind of experience relevant to the task of leading a wildly variegated nation .
Obama ’s immersion in diverse human environments ( Hawaii ’s racial rainbow , Chicago ’s racial cauldron , countercultural New York , middle - class Kansas , predominantly Muslim Indonesia ) , his years of organizing among the poor , his taste of corporate law and his grounding in public - interest and constitutional law — these , too , are experiences .
And his books show that he has wrung from them every drop of insight and breadth of perspective they contained .
The exhaustingly , sometimes infuriatingly long campaign of 2008 ( and 2007 ) has had at least one virtue : it has demonstrated that Obama ’s intelligence and steady temperament are not just figments of the writer ’s craft .
He has made mistakes , to be sure .
( His failure to accept McCain ’s imaginative proposal for a series of unmediated joint appearances was among them . )
But , on the whole , his campaign has been marked by patience , planning , discipline , organization , technological proficiency , and strategic astuteness .
Obama has often looked two or three moves ahead , relatively impervious to the permanent hysteria of the hourly news cycle and the cable - news shouters .
And when crisis has struck , as it did when the divisive antics of his ex-pastor threatened to bring down his campaign , he has proved equal to the moment , rescuing himself with a speech that not only drew the poison but also demonstrated a profound respect for the electorate .
Although his opponents have tried to attack him as a man of “ mere ” words , Obama has returned eloquence to its essential place in American politics .
The choice between experience and eloquence is a false one– –something that Lincoln , out of office after a single term in Congress , proved in his own campaign of political and national renewal .
Obama ’s “ mere ” speeches on everything from the economy and foreign affairs to race have been at the center of his campaign and its success ; if he wins , his eloquence will be central to his ability to govern .
Washington
Post media writer Howard Kurtz , moderating a panel on whether the media is biased or elitist at the Time Warner Center , asked Dan Rather about the presidential debates and sports - like analysis .
" First of all , these are n’t debates , " Rather said .
" They are a ' something , ' but they are n’t debates . "
Rather talked about the constricted format and that the two major political parties are the ones engineering them through the commission .
" These so - called debates are not by the people , for the people , " Rather said .
" They are by the parties , for the parties . "
As for the post - debate commentary from partisan political consultants , Rather said most of them are " mercenary propagandists " for their parties .
Others on the panel include Bill Adair , Washington bureau chief of the St. Petersburg Times ; David Sirota , columnist and author of “ The Uprising ” ; Josh Silver , executive director of Free Press , and Dorothy Rabinowitz , Wall Street Journal columnist .
comments closed
permalink
Power of Focused Attention
Photo by Simón Pais - Thomas
I recently sat down with several highly enthusiastic achievers , all of whom have many ambitions .
These casual chats revolved around the theme of , “ How do I turn my ambitions into reality ? ”
I deeply admired their energy and drive , but it became clear as to why they were not seeing their desired results :
Trying to do too much at once .
Despite the social illusion that we can have it all , we only have a limited amount of energy and time .
Even if we think we can achieve it all during our heightened state of enthusiasm and inspiration , when reality hits , we ’ll find that striving to achieve it all at once will result in exhaustion and disconnection with our inner selves .
Instead of striving to achieve it all , how about striving to achieve what ’s most important to us ?
How about striving to be fulfilled and happy ?
How about striving for personal wellbeing and meaning ?
Doing Too Much …
Given that we have a limited amount of resources ; attention , energy and time , how we divide our resources greatly affects the success of our desired outcome .
The more focused we are at any one thing , the more energy gets concentrated into that thing .
Attention can be compared to the sharpness of a knife .
A knife is sharp because energy has been focused at the blade .
Thus , the more focused the energy is at the blade , the sharper the knife , the higher the cutting power , and the stronger the knife .
If energy is not focused at the blade , we end up with a dull knife , with lowered cutting power – weaker knife .
A dull knife may be good for spreading butter , but if your goal was to cut through soda cans , you have missed your desired outcome .
When we try to do too much , it is as if we are trying to sharpen too many knifes in our limited time .
We juggle between the sharpening of the different knifes , and in the end , not one knife is sharpened enough to be deemed useful .
We can be much more effective if we spend our time and focused energy sharpening one knife , and move on to another knife only when the first one has reached its desired outcome .
One example of doing too much is having many goals that we are trying to achieve in the same short period of time .
The term many is subjective , and we have individual thresholds for what that means for each of us .
There are exceptions to this , and there are people who are exceptional at multi-tasking .
I happen to know that I am not one of those people .
If you are like me , then perhaps you can relate to the feeling of doing too much , and how that tension can take us away from what matters to us most .
Here are some potential effects that can arise from doing too much .
Becoming aware of these is the first step towards adjusting our life situation and priorities towards a more balanced lifestyle .
Mental Noise – Constantly thinking about the things still left to do can clutter our inner space .
They become mental noise and are very distracting .
– Constantly thinking about the things still left to do can clutter our inner space .
They become mental noise and are very distracting .
Unable to Focus –
When we are distracted by too many things , we feel overwhelmed , our focus becomes diffused , and things appear ‘ foggy ’ from our perspective .
In this state , it ’s tough to focus on our current tasks , think clearly or make fast & rational decisions .
– When we are distracted by too many things , we feel overwhelmed , our focus becomes diffused , and things appear ‘ foggy ’ from our perspective .
In this state , it ’s tough to focus on our current tasks , think clearly or make fast & rational decisions .
No Personal Life –
We can become consumed by all the external achievements we are trying to obtain for the prized title of success .
In so doing , we can forget to experience Joy .
We forget to look after ourselves , our health , and our personal life .
We become unbalanced .
– We can become consumed by all the external achievements we are trying to obtain for the prized title of success .
In so doing , we can forget to experience Joy .
We forget to look after ourselves , our health , and our personal life .
We become unbalanced .
Exhaustion –
When our energies are not properly managed , we feel exhausted and dis -eased in our bodies .
This can physically manifest in different ways .
For me , exhaustion translates to lower back pain , sleeplessness and dehydration .
– When our energies are not properly managed , we feel exhausted and dis -eased in our bodies .
This can physically manifest in different ways .
For me , exhaustion translates to lower back pain , sleeplessness and dehydration .
Self - Inflicted Guilt –
When we become too ambitious , we tend to underestimate how long things will take and this will result in an overloaded plate .
We commit ourselves to this overloaded plate , and set ourselves up for failure , unconsciously .
When we realized that we have n’t done everything we ’ve set out to do , we become subject to the guilt inflicted by our own minds .
This can be destructive to our motivation and self - esteem .
– When we become too ambitious , we tend to underestimate how long things will take and this will result in an overloaded plate .
We commit ourselves to this overloaded plate , and set ourselves up for failure , unconsciously .
When we realized that we have n’t done everything we ’ve set out to do , we become subject to the guilt inflicted by our own minds .
This can be destructive to our motivation and self - esteem .
Hurt Relationships –
When our attention is fully occupied with too many targets , we do n’t have room for other important life areas , such as developing and maintaining relationships with people .
– When our attention is fully occupied with too many targets , we do n’t have room for other important life areas , such as developing and maintaining relationships with people .
Unsatisfied –
When we have too much on our plate , we are constantly chasing after the things we have n’t done yet and forget to celebrate what we ’ve accomplished .
Our attention is spread out so thin , that we cannot really excel at achieving any of our goals .
We become dissatisfied .
Similar to self - inflicted guilt , this feeling is not conducive to healthy self - esteem .
– When we have too much on our plate , we are constantly chasing after the things we have n’t done yet and forget to celebrate what we ’ve accomplished .
Our attention is spread out so thin , that we cannot really excel at achieving any of our goals .
We become dissatisfied .
Similar to self - inflicted guilt , this feeling is not conducive to healthy self - esteem .
Failed Partnerships –
When we over commit ourselves to more than we will have time and energy to do , we end up sacrificing certain goals .
If we have goals with other people , such as partnerships in a startup business , we may end up disappointing them .
They may end up concluding that you ’re an unreliable and flaky person .
At the extreme , friendships may be hurt as a result of failed business relationships .
I ’ve personally been on both ends of such a scenario , and I would advise anyone to try to avoid this .
Personal Story
Four years ago , I was an enthusiastic cookie fresh out of school , ready to take on the world and to finally “ Achieve Something ! ” I saw other people ’s successes and strived to do the same .
Problem was , I was finding inspiration from several people more experienced than me , saw their results and then attempted to attack all of my goals at once .
While is it essential to feel inspired and to take massive action , this diffused focus on several major goals resulted in my not getting very far in any one goal .
I also felt exhausted , unsatisfied , and lived an unbalanced lifestyle .
I hated how it made me feel .
Things started to turn around when I remembered that life is about Joy .
Life is about experiencing , sharing and the spreading of Joy .
I scraped myself off the floor , focused on getting well , and then dove in with complete focus on one goal at a time .
That ’s when I started living , and accidentally started achieving .
Choosing Your Focus
Q : Are you saying I should drop everything and only work on one goal ?
A : I am suggesting from personal experience that having one primary focus and diving into it completely with all your being will give you a higher chance at success .
Having said that , you are free to work on multiple goals at the same time , some people can pull it off without stress , most cannot .
Become sensitive to your inner state and observe your results carefully .
If you are not getting the results you are looking for , or are experiencing any symptoms from above , you may be doing too much .
Consider cutting back and focus solely on one thing at a time .
Photo by Cindy Loughridge
Q : If I focus completely on one goal , how will I have time and energy for other areas of my life ?
A : I ’m a fan of dividing up major life areas and having one major goal for each of these areas to focus on .
More than one goal in each area will usually result in disaster .
My personal major life areas are : Business , Relationships , Spirituality , Physical Health , and Personal Growth .
Create time for each major area .
I ’m still working on integrating all five areas into my daily life , which has been a challenge .
As part of my integration , at the start of each week , I would select two areas I want to focus on this week .
For example , focus on my major goals in Business and Relationships , or Physical Health and Personal Growth .
Q : How do I choose what to focus on ?
There is so much I want to do .
A : Choosing what to focus on can be a challenging task , especially if you ’ve already invested resources ( time , money , energy ) in other projects .
The following is a serious of steps and questions to help you get started .
Define Life Areas – List out the major life areas you wish to spend time on .
– List out the major life areas you wish to spend time on .
Define Goals –
For each life area define above , list out goals you like to achieve or improve upon in each of these areas .
Do this on paper .
Make sure that each goal is defined with a measurable target .
Example , instead of saying “ I want to exercise . ” state , “ I am running 5 miles twice weekly . ”
Optionally , list out your goals in present tense , as if you ’ve already achieved them .
– For each life area define above , list out goals you like to achieve or improve upon in each of these areas .
Do this on paper .
Make sure that each goal is defined with a measurable target .
Example , instead of saying “ I want to exercise . ” state , “ I am running 5 miles twice weekly . ”
Optionally , list out your goals in present tense , as if you ’ve already achieved them .
Insert Meaning – For each of your goals , understand why each one is important to you .
What will you gain if you achieved it ?
Write a one word description beside each goal in brackets .
You can put Money as a one - word description , but it is too general .
What will that money mean to you ?
What will it translate into for your life ?
Perhaps Comfort ?
Security ?
Sex - Appeal ?
Happiness ?
What does achieving this goal mean to you at the most basic level ?
This exercise will help us in understanding the drive behind doing what we do .
For each of your goals , understand why each one is important to you .
What will you gain if you achieved it ?
Write a one word description beside each goal in brackets .
You can put Money as a one - word description , but it is too general .
What will that money mean to you ?
What will it translate into for your life ?
Perhaps Comfort ?
Security ?
Sex - Appeal ?
Happiness ?
What does achieving this goal mean to you at the most basic level ?
This exercise will help us in understanding the drive behind doing what we do .
Prioritize –
Go through the goals in each area to select which is most important to you .
Which do you want to work on most ?
Which gets you excited ?
Go down each item and ask the question , “ If I had all the money in the world , would I be working on this ? “
If your answer is yes , mark it with a P for Priority .
Review all the items with P markings , ask yourself , “ If I can be granted the realization of just one goal and I must pick now , which would I select ? “
What ’s the first thing that came to mind ?
Listen to your instant gut reaction .
Circle the number 1 next to this goal .
This is your highest priority in this life area .
– Go through the goals in each area to select which is most important to you .
Which do you want to work on most ?
Which gets you excited ?
When & How ? –
For each goal you plan to focus on , make sure that its end result is clearly defined and are measurable .
Add a date to it for when you will achieve it .
Make the goal achievable but slightly more challenging than comfortable .
Write the goal down in present tense on a piece of paper or index card .
Stick the index card on a wall or someplace where you ’ll see it .
Review it often .
List out a battle plan and dive into massive action , now !
– For each goal you plan to focus on , make sure that its end result is clearly defined and are measurable .
Add a date to it for when you will achieve it .
Make the goal achievable but slightly more challenging than comfortable .
Write the goal down in present tense on a piece of paper or index card .
Stick the index card on a wall or someplace where you ’ll see it .
Review it often .
List out a battle plan and dive into massive action , now !
Starting with the End in Mind – What will you do once you achieve it ?
What ’s next ?
Will you move on to another goal ?
Will you expand on the current goal ?
Understanding your exit strategy and planning out your next step can add clarity into understanding your motives .
– What will you do once you achieve it ?
What ’s next ?
Will you move on to another goal ?
Will you expand on the current goal ?
Understanding your exit strategy and planning out your next step can add clarity into understanding your motives .
Trimming the Excess – For all other goals in each area that are not your highest priority , do your best to cut them out .
Cutting out tasks for goals that are not working , or tasks not worth doing .
Dropping commitments which are not working for you , but involves other people can be challenging , since you feel obligated to stick around .
Just because you ’ve committed to doing something , does not mean that you must do them right now .
If something is not in alignment with your life goal , drop it or set it aside .
Communicate clearly to your partners why it is important for you to either set the project aside or withdraw from it .
Honestly will save you and others lots of wasted energy in the long run .
– For all other goals in each area that are not your highest priority , do your best to cut them out .
Cutting out tasks for goals that are not working , or tasks not worth doing .
Dropping commitments which are not working for you , but involves other people can be challenging , since you feel obligated to stick around .
Just because you ’ve committed to doing something , does not mean that you must do them right now .
If something is not in alignment with your life goal , drop it or set it aside .
Communicate clearly to your partners why it is important for you to either set the project aside or withdraw from it .
Honestly will save you and others lots of wasted energy in the long run .
Creating Time – Answer this question , “ If I tell you that your goal will become a reality if you give it enough attention and action , how much time a week are you willing to commit to it ? ”
Schedule time slots throughout the week for when you ’ll be working on this goal , and do this weekly .
I like to spend 15 - 30 minutes every Sunday evening to review my progress , goals and schedule tasks for the following week .
What is your major goal right now ?
What other life areas are important to you ?
Other thoughts and ideas ?
Share your voice with us in the comment section .
See you there !
***************************************************
My personal blog SimplyTina is almost ready .
Subscribe for a more detailed look into my life .
***************************************************
The over 120 historical maps in the Google Maps Rumsey Historical Maps site have been selected by David Rumsey from his collection of more than 150,000 historical maps ; in addition , there are a few maps from collections with which he collaborates .
Katie Couric , in a segment to air tonight , asks Palin about her joke that she 's been listening to Joe Biden 's speeches since second grade , and whether that is n't an odd thing to say given her own running mate 's age :
Oh no , it 's nothing negative at all .
He 's got a lot of experience and just stating the fact there , that we 've been hearing his speeches for all these years .
So he 's got a tremendous amount of experience and , you know , I 'm the new energy , the new face , the new ideas and he's got the experience based on many many years in the Senate and voters are gonna have a choice there of what it is that they want in these next four years .
Madonna Divorce Announcement Expected Today ( Photos )
The Sun and the New York Post are both reporting thatandare getting a divorce .
A statement has been prepared and the couple announced their intentions through their publicist this morning .
Both sources are reporting that the Kabbalah bid to save their troubled marriage failed and they have decided to pull the plug .
Liz Rosenberg , their representative , provided this statement to the AP :
" Madonna and Guy Ritchie have agreed to divorce after 7 - 1/ 2 years of marriage .
They have both requested that the media maintain respect for their family at this difficult time .
A final settlement has not been agreed upon yet . "
Because the couple live primarily in London , the proceedings are expected to move through British courts and will likely involve a multi-million dollar settlement .
Madge wanted to wait until after her U.S. Sticky and Sweet Tour was finished but tensions escalated and brought things to a head .
Eyebrows were raised earlier this week when Guy Richie failed to show up for the premiere of Filth and Wisdom , a comedy that was directed by his wife .
The couple have three children , Lourdes Leon , 12 , the daughter of personal trainer Carlos Leon , their son Rocco Ritchie , 8 , and adopted son David Banda , 2 .
One question on many people 's minds - is Alex Rodriguez waiting in the wings ?
More recent photos below .
A naked man standing on a fire escape and , later , a storefont , fell to his death after a police officer stunned him with a Taser .
Based on video ( below ) and witness reports , Iman Morales , 35 , was wielding a fluorescent light bulbs at cops who tried to get close .
According to the Post , Morales was yelling from the fire escape at 491 Tompkins Avenue in Bedford - Stuyvesant .
When police asked him to come down , he " climbed down to a ledge above a metal roll - down storefront cover " and starting waving the long light bulb .
The Daily News reports a witness as saying , " When the police came , he was screaming , ' You 're gonna kill me and I 'm gonna take everyone with me .
I 'm gonna die and you 're gonna die with me . ' "
After he continued to ignore the police order , one officer fired his stun gun , apparently per orders from his boss .
WNBC reports a witness saw Morales freeze and fall " on his head on the sidewalk . "
Another witness told the NY Times , " It was a dead man 's fall . "
The Post also has a distressing gallery of images showing Morales outside the building , being Tasered , falling and on the ground .
Morales was taken to Kings County Hospital , where he later died .
He had rented an apartment on the third floor of the building .
His mother had called 911 , finding him " out of control " ( she believed he stopped taking his medication ) .
When police went to his apartment , the Daily News reports he " crept nude onto the fire escape and tried to enter a neighbor 's fourth - floor window when police forced their way into his apartment . "
That neighbor said , " He tried to get into my window .
He banged .
He said , ' Let me in !
Let me in !'
But no way I 'm letting a naked man into my apartment . "
Another witness said that his mother had been yelling , " No ! No !
Do n't hurt him !
He 's sick . "
The NYPD is investigating the incident ; this past summer , the NYPD started to arm police officers with Tasers , as a way to avoid shootings .
The Times notes , " Community activists held a news conference after Mr. Morales ’s death , urging neighbors not to prejudge the police and urging the authorities to fully investigate . "
However , City Councilman Peter Vallone did say , “ My first take is that while I ’m sure there are no experts out there on how to handle a crazy naked man with a weapon on top of a ledge , I ’m also sure this was n’t the right way . "
In August , the Columbia Accident Investigation Board at NASA released Volume 1 of its report on why the space shuttle crashed .
As expected , the ship 's foam insulation was the main cause of the disaster .
But the board also fingered another unusual culprit : PowerPoint , Microsoft 's well - known '' slideware ' ' program .
NASA , the board argued , had become too reliant on presenting complex information via PowerPoint , instead of by means of traditional ink - and - paper technical reports .
When NASA engineers assessed possible wing damage during the mission , they presented the findings in a confusing PowerPoint slide -- so crammed with nested bullet points and irregular short forms that it was nearly impossible to untangle .
'' It is easy to understand how a senior manager might read this PowerPoint slide and not realize that it addresses a life - threatening situation , '' the board sternly noted .
PowerPoint is the world 's most popular tool for presenting information .
There are 400 million copies in circulation , and almost no corporate decision takes place without it .
But what if PowerPoint is actually making us stupider ?
This year , Edward Tufte -- the famous theorist of information presentation -- made precisely that argument in a blistering screed called The Cognitive Style of PowerPoint .
In his slim 28 - page pamphlet , Tufte claimed that Microsoft 's ubiquitous software forces people to mutilate data beyond comprehension .
For example , the low resolution of a PowerPoint slide means that it usually contains only about 40 words , or barely eight seconds of reading .
PowerPoint also encourages users to rely on bulleted lists , a ' ' faux analytical ' ' technique , Tufte wrote , that dodges the speaker 's responsibility to tie his information together .
And perhaps worst of all is how PowerPoint renders charts .
Charts in newspapers like The Wall Street Journal contain up to 120 elements on average , allowing readers to compare large groupings of data .
But , as Tufte found , PowerPoint users typically produce charts with only 12 elements .
Ultimately , Tufte concluded , PowerPoint is infused with ''an attitude of commercialism that turns everything into a sales pitch . ''
It ’s true that scientists do n’t know exactly how much world temperatures will rise if we persist with business as usual .
But that uncertainty is actually what makes action so urgent .
While there ’s a chance that we ’ll act against global warming only to find that the danger was overstated , there ’s also a chance that we ’ll fail to act only to find that the results of inaction were catastrophic .
Which risk would you rather run ?
Martin Weitzman , a Harvard economist who has been driving much of the recent high - level debate , offers some sobering numbers .
Surveying a wide range of climate models , he argues that , over all , they suggest about a 5 percent chance that world temperatures will eventually rise by more than 10 degrees Celsius ( that is , world temperatures will rise by 18 degrees Fahrenheit ) .
As Mr. Weitzman points out , that ’s enough to “ effectively destroy planet Earth as we know it . ”
It ’s sheer irresponsibility not to do whatever we can to eliminate that threat .
Now for the bad news : sheer irresponsibility may be a winning political strategy .
Mr. McCain ’s claim that opponents of offshore drilling are responsible for high gas prices is ridiculous  and to their credit , major news organizations have pointed this out .
Yet Mr. McCain ’s gambit seems nonetheless to be working : public support for ending restrictions on drilling has risen sharply , with roughly half of voters saying that increased offshore drilling would reduce gas prices within a year .
Hence my concern : if a completely bogus claim that environmental protection is raising energy prices can get this much political traction , what are the chances of getting serious action against global warming ?
After all , a cap - and - trade system would in effect be a tax on carbon ( though Mr. McCain apparently does n’t know that ) , and really would raise energy prices .
The only way we ’re going to get action , I ’d suggest , is if those who stand in the way of action come to be perceived as not just wrong but immoral .
Incidentally , that ’s why I was disappointed with Barack Obama ’s response to Mr. McCain ’s energy posturing  that it was “ the same old politics . ”
Mr. Obama was dismissive when he should have been outraged .
So as I said , I ’m very glad to know that Nancy Pelosi is trying to save the planet .
I just wish I had more confidence that she ’s going to succeed .
Description
Lead the British or German army through the trenches of Europe in this First World War strategy game .
Use infantry , armor and fire support to take control of the ground or bombard your foes into submission .
- 2 Campaigns .
British and German .
- Custom battle mode .
Setup skirmishes the way you want !
---------------------------------------------------
Any and all feedback is welcome .
Feedback about balance is more than appreciated .
Just remember to quote the version number .
UPDATE !
Warfare Online is OUT NOW on Steam .
Play Warfare Online Now for Free
DIGG THIS
After the orgy of nationalizing the economy , freedom ’s foes ought to be snoring it off somewhere , glutted and stupefied .
But there ’s no rest for the wicked , so they ’re corporatizing airports instead .
They do n’t call it that , of course , lest we imagine little grey bureaucrats filling der Führer ’s orders for more poison gas and barbed wire .
No , they ’re " privatizing " airports .
Chicago Midway is their first conquest .
Others will follow .
Far from selling property government has no business owning to entrepreneurs who then do with it as they judge best , privatizing is just another gimmick to boost the State ’s power .
It tries to harness the trust , friendliness and efficiency of the free market for Leviathan ’s benefit by leasing , not selling , airports and other assets .
The beast retains its stranglehold , decreeing that the property must remain what it was ( an airport cannot become a housing development or amusement park , for example ) , regulating its operations , and subsidizing it with bonds , taxes , and other thieveries .
Tragically , businessmen who owe their fortunes to the market cooperate with this fraud , while snakes in the grass — excuse me , think - tanks ballyhoo it as " free market . "
Midway ’s deal stinks from the get - go .
First , it ’s part of a " pilot " ( do n’t blame me : that ’s AviationWeek.com ’s pun ) from the FAA , which is " allowing " up to five airports to " privatize . "
Here ’s our first clue that this scam bears about as much relation to the market as George W. does to George Washington .
Free markets never force participants to beg Our Masters ’ permission for their transactions .
Our second clue comes from the fact that this has nothing to do with pleasing customers and everything to do with plunder — always Leviathan ’s primary motive .
Indeed , the Chicago Sun-Times brays about the " windfall of cash " soon to blow through the city ’s coffers thanks to the lease its rulers signed with Midway Investment , " a consortium of New York - based Citi Infrastructure Investors , Vancouver - based YVR Airport Services and Boston - based John Hancock Life Insurance . "
For the next 99 years , the city will funnel the airport ’s profits to Midway Investment while the conglomerate manages and maintains the airport .
Midway Investment also ponied up a signing fee of $ 2.5 billion , though neither side uses that term .
In fact , both parties avoid calling a spade a spade whenever possible .
Fleecing the sheeple is forever an exercise in euphemism , propaganda , and deception .
You can buy a lot for $ 2.5 billion , but not autonomy .
The nitwits at the Sun - Times find it reassuring that Our Masters will be looking over Midway ’s shoulder : " Before the city closes this deal , it must nail down specifics on how those services will be maintained , " the editors pontificated , " and it must show taxpayers exactly how it plans to oversee the contract .
Whenever the private operator falls short , we need to know it will be held accountable . "
Yeah , right .
Give me lazy , incompetent , venal bureaucrats holding private operators accountable instead of the market ’s incorruptible , unavoidable competition and choice .
Then again , since we ’ve left every semblance of the market far behind , bureaucracy ’s all that ’s left .
A few savvy souls already sense something amiss in the speed with which the city ’s aldermen approved the deal — " just four days after most of them received copies of the plan .
…
In this town , " continues Greg Hinz of Crain ’s Chicago Business , " fast deals and little scrutiny often mean someone is making off with a boodle . "
He notes that " various lawyers and financial types , none of them a stranger to City Hall " want $ 19 million for abetting this swindle .
Indeed , the only stranger at City Hall is Sam Citizen , taxpayer and " customer . "
Sam has no choice about the first categorization and precious little about the second : if he wants to fly , he must patronize the corporatized airport since Leviathan prohibits entrepreneurs from building competitors ( and no , O’Hare does n’t count since the city owns it , too ) .
Ditto for the roads that Chicago and other localities are also corporatizing .
Leviathan thereby kicks
Sam in the teeth yet again : not only does Sam continue forking over the taxes that subsidize leased infrastructure , corporatizing transforms him into a " user " who must now pay a " fee " to avail himself of what his taxes bought .
And so toll booths and transponders sprout on corporatized roads without a corresponding reduction in taxes .
At airports , higher prices reflect the abuse .
Even the Sun -Times acknowledges in the midst of its cheerleading that " Midway customers are almost guaranteed to pay more for a burger and to park their cars … "
They ’ll also pay more for what brings them there in the first place : airline tickets .
No wonder " airlines have argued that privatization can exacerbate an airport ’s natural monopoly if landing fees and other economic concessions are not regulated . "
Substitute " government - granted monopoly " for the do - do of " natural monopoly " and take this as further proof that corporatization is only another of Leviathan ’s many monstrosities .
Free markets never " need " regulation .
In fact , regulation harms them since it stymies their inherent discipline , honesty , and protection of consumers .
Sadly , Chicago ’s cahoots with Midway Investment are part of a trend .
Governments increasingly lease the infrastructure we buy them to corporations .
Not only do the aforementioned think - tanks justify this , so do policy wonks at the unconstitutional and dotty Department of Transportation [ DOT ] .
These bozos fancy themselves free - marketers because they " [ seek ] to turn highways into commodities that can be sold or leased to private firms and used by motorists for a price . "
Only bureaucrats pretend that licensing corporations to extort fees from forced consumption of the State ’s monopolies will " [ unleash ] the private sector and [ introduce ] market forces [ that ] could lead to innovation and more choices for the public . "
Nevertheless , " critics " fear a massive market coup .
Rep. Peter DeFazio ( D [ sic for socialist ] - Ore. ) hyperventilated , “ Everything they ’re doing is designed to drive things to privatization . "
Pop a pill , Pete .
These pencil - pushers have " introduced " about as many " market forces " as Marx and Lenin did .
Their pet scheme , the one that " turns highways into commodities , " is plain old double dipping .
Known as " congestion pricing , " it charges drivers whose taxes have already built the roads another tax for using them .
No wonder Pete described one congestion - pricer at the DOT as " a little pointy - headed neocon with grand ideas about the future of transportation . ”
You and I have grand ideas , too .
The difference is that Congressional cretins have n’t handed us $ 1 billion in other people ’s money with which to foist them on a helpless public : " Last year , Congress decided not to dictate how the [ DOT ] could spend its discretionary funds .
… top department officials were staring at nearly $ 1 billion .
And they knew exactly how to spend it . "
Indeed .
By staggering coincidence , many of the " officials " wind up working for the companies with whom they share the loot .
Whether it ’s corporatization , " private - public partnerships , " or " out - sourcing , " Leviathan ’s mating with the private sector is vilest bestiality .
Those who promote such unnatural union despise Liberty , however much they prattle about markets or quote Milton Friedman .
And when the collaboration fails , as it must , these cowardly traitors never shoulder the blame : they let the market take the rap .
With friends like that , freedom needs no Demopublicans .
Ah , privatization .
We used to call it " fascism . "
The Best of Becky Akers
PRINCETON , NJ -- Gallup Poll Daily tracking from Aug. 30 through Sept. 1 , finds Barack Obama leading the race for president with his highest share of support to date .
Fully half of national registered voters now favor Obama for president , while 42 % back John McCain .
Prior to now , no more than 49 % of registered voters supported Obama for president in Gallup Poll Daily tracking .
Still , Obama 's eight percentage point lead over McCain in the new poll falls one point shy of the lead he attained in late July after returning from a well - publicized trip to Europe and parts of the Middle East .
At that time , Obama led by nine points , 49 % to 40 % .
McCain's 42 % support is well below his 48 % top support level , recorded in late April / early May .
It is just slightly better than the 40 % he received at several points in July , and the 41 % favoring him just last week while the Democratic National Convention was underway .
( To view the complete trend since March 7 , 2008 , click here . )
At 8 % , the percentage of undecided voters is slightly lower than the 9 % to 11 % figures seen for most of August , and this is the lowest this figure has been since early June .
This , in part , reflects movement of voters toward Obama over the course of the Democratic National Convention , a lead which has been sustained in subsequent days .
The field period for today 's results includes Monday ( Labor Day ) , when the scaled down Republican National Convention received limited media attention while most news coverage either focused on the hurricane hitting parts of the Gulf Coast or Monday 's surprise announcement that the 17 - year - old daughter of the soon to be Republican vice presidential candidate , Sarah Palin , is pregnant .
The Republicans hope to start up a more traditional convention schedule today in St. Paul , with the goal of capturing the same kind of media and public attention the Democrats did last week in Denver .
-- Lydia Saad
Survey Methods
For the Gallup Poll Daily tracking survey , Gallup is interviewing no fewer than 1,000 U.S. adults nationwide each day during 2008 .
The general - election results are based on combined data from Aug. 30 - Sept. 1 , 2008 .
For results based on this sample of 2,772 registered voters , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
To provide feedback or suggestions about how to improve Gallup.com , please e-mail feedback@gallup.com .
Low Cost Atmospheric Carbon Dioxide Removal Looks Possible
If carbon dioxide build - up starts causing unacceptable climate change then a cheap way to remove CO2 from the atmosphere might become an option .
University of Calgary climate change scientist David Keith and his team are working to efficiently capture the greenhouse gas carbon dioxide directly from the air , using near - commercial technology .
In research conducted at the U of C , Keith and a team of researchers showed it is possible to reduce carbon dioxide ( CO2 )  the main greenhouse gas that contributes to global warming  using a relatively simple machine that can capture the trace amount of CO2 present in the air at any place on the planet .
... Keith and his team showed they could capture CO2 directly from the air with less than 100 kilowatt - hours of electricity per tonne of carbon dioxide .
Their custom - built tower was able to capture the equivalent of about 20 tonnes per year of CO2 on a single square metre of scrubbing material  the average amount of emissions that one person produces each year in the North American - wide economy .
That 100 kwh per removed tonne of CO2 would be pretty good in terms of energy cost .
If the electricity cost only 10 cents per kwh then the cost per tonne would be only $ 10 .
Some proposed carbon tax regimes are at $ 30 per tonne and up .
This could be done with photovoltaics once PV becomes cheap enough .
The fact that the sun does n't shine all the time wo n't matter .
Just run the process when the power is available .
No need for transmission lines or even expensive circuitry to convert the electricity into AC power .
Though materials costs and piping the CO2 somewhere might add substantial costs .
" This means that if you used electricity from a coal - fired power plant , for every unit of electricity you used to operate the capture machine , you'd be capturing 10 times as much CO2 as the power plant emitted making that much electricity , " Keith says .
The U of C team has devised a new way to apply a chemical process derived from the pulp and paper industry cut the energy cost of air capture in half , and has filed two provisional patents on their end - to - end air capture system .
The technology is still in its early stage , Keith stresses .
" It now looks like we could capture CO2 from the air with an energy demand comparable to that needed for CO2 capture from conventional power plants , although costs will certainly be higher and there are many pitfalls along the path to commercialization . "
What I 'd like to see :
Use sunlight to drive an artificial photosynthesis process that will fix hydrogen from water to CO2 from the atmosphere .
The output would be hydrocarbons usable to power cars and for other purposes .
All this will come with time .
Update : See the comment by Bruce Dunn .
Looks like the energy for the initial CO2 capture is a small fraction of the total amount of energy needed for this method .
So this looks like a bad idea .
This is probably the most exciting Django project I have worked on , and I 'm glad that it has gotten to sufficient usable point to share .
It is my pleasure to present django - monetize .
django - monetize is a pluggable Django app which aims to make it trivial to intelligently monetize your Django projects .
It was designed with two guiding principles :
There are many forms of monetization , and generally a mix - and - match approach will outperform a single monetization solution ( for example , a thoughtful combination of donations , Amazon Affiliates and AdSense will perform better than AdSense alone ) .
Switching between and experimenting with different forms and combinations of monetization is a key part of success .
You can greatly enhance monetization by effectively targeting subgroups of your readers .
Your monetization will be more effective if you have the ability to display different ads to users coming from search engines ( perhaps AdSense would perform better ) or Reddit ( perhaps ... silly tshirts would sell ? ) , using different browsers ( wait , I 'm marketing my OSX app to internet explorer users ? ) , and viewing different kinds of materials ( someone reading an indepth tutorial would be more likely to donate than someone reading your rant about licorice jellybeans ) .
Supported Forms of Monetization
So far , django - monetize has built in support for Amazon Affiliates ' Custom Links , Amazon Affiliates ' Omakase , Amazon Affiliates ' Search Links , Amazon Honor System donations , Dreamhost referrals , Google Adsense ad units , Paypal donations , and SliceHost referrals .
Its trivial ( and encouraged ) to add more of your own or customize the existng ones to be more appropriate for your website .
It is easy to create your own custom adverts ( perhaps an e-book you wrote , linking to a popular blog entry you put together , or advertising your new startup ) .
Installation
Install django_monetize like you would any other application .
Check it out from its repository , add the django_monetize directory to your Python site - packages folder so that :
import django_monetize
works without throwing an error .
Then simply add django_monetize to the INSTALLED_APPS setting in your settings .py file and you 're good to go .
django_monetize does n't contain any models ( or use the database in any way ) , so you do n't need to perform a sync .
Using django - monetize
The real magic in django - monetize is the level of customization and control that it allows .
First lets examine usage at the template level .
We 'll start with the simplest examples and get more complex as we explore the flexibility .
{ % load monetize %} { % monetize_slot %} < p >
Welcome to my site !
</p> { % monetize_slot %}
That will display two slots , both using the default monetization option ( we 'll look at setting up the targetting and default logic after we look at template configuration ) .
{ % load monetize %} { % monetize_slot " header " %} < p >
Welcome to my site !
</p> { % monetize_slot " footer " %}
Now we are labeling the slots .
We can use labeling to display different types of monetization options in different locations .
This is the simplest concept of targeting .
{ % load monetize %} { % monetize_slot " header " request .
META .HTTP_REFERER %} < p >
Welcome to my site !
</p> { % monetize_slot " footer " request .
META.HTTP_USER_AGENT
%}
Now we 're labeling slots and passing them them the referer and user agent respectively .
django - monetize will check against our targeting configuration and see if the current referer / user_agent is something we have specified targeting for , and will use the targeted advertisement if it exists , but will otherwise revert to the default advertisement .
{ % load monetize %} { % monetize_slot " header " object.title object.series object.tags %} < p >
Welcome to my site !
</p> { % monetize_slot " footer " %}
Here for the top slot we are beginning to see the flexibility of the targeting mechanism .
It will first check if we have a targeted value for the object 's title , will then check if we have targeted for any of the values in the object .
series list , and will finally check if we have targeted any of the values in the object .
tags list .
It will target on the first targeted value it reaches , and wo n't process the remaining parameters .
Finally , note that once you have found the targeted term , you are also able to specify the type of monetization for that targeted term in different slots .
Thus you can display different ads in differently named slots even if you target on something as simple as this ( which might be sufficient for mostly static content ) :
{ % load monetize %} { % monetize_slot " header " " django " %} < p >
Welcome to my site !
</p> { % monetize_slot " footer " " django " %}
Pretty flexible , eh ?
Valid Parameters for monetize_slot template tag
We were using monetize_slot in a variety of different ways in the above examples , and it behoves us to clarify the arguments that it can accept .
It can be called with zero arguments , in which case it uses the default monetization option .
It can be called with one argument , which must be the name of the slot .
In that case it will use the default monetization option 's targeted value for that slot -- if such a targeting exists -- and will otherwise resort to using the default option .
It can be called with two or more arguments .
The first argument must be a string representing the slot 's name .
Subsequent arguments may be : strings ( they may be strings stored in a context variable , or may be absolute strings declared in the template like { % monetize_slot " header " " django " %} ) , dictionaries ( whose values are processed using iteritems ( ) ) , or iterable items ( defined as non-dictionary - non - string objects which have the __iter__ method ) .
If it runs into a type of object which is not one of the above types ( for example , when it is handling the contents of a queryset of your tags ) it will convert the object into a string by calling unicode ( obj ) .
This means you 'll target a specific object by using the string returned by its __unicode__ method .
Configuration
First , django - monetize makes an important distinction between None and False .
None indicates 'use the default monetization method ' , whereas False indicates ' do not use a monetization method . '
Acknowledging that this is an arbitrary and confusing decision , thus far it seems like a reasonable solution .
Configuration of ad targeting is done within your project 's settings .py file .
There is an at least somewhat similar Django project , django - ads , which stores its configuration within the database .
While that allows for a more dynamically modifiable system , django - ads does n't address the issue of ad targeting and customization to the extent that django - monetize does , and I did n't see a reasonable way to store the configuration within the database ( short of storing strings of Python code that were then evaluated , which strikes me as far from an acceptable solution ) .
There are three values used in the settings .py file : MONETIZE_TARGET , MONETIZE_DEFAULT , and MONETIZE_CONFIG .
Lets start with a complex example an break it down .
MONETIZE_DEFAULT
= ( ' django_monetize/amazon_search.html ' , ( ' amazon_search_terms ' , ' Django book ' ) , ( ' amazon_search_title ' , ' Search for Django books !' ) ) MONETIZE_TARGET = { ' django ' : ' django_monetize/paypal_donate.html ' , ' Author ( Will Larson ) ' : ' django_monetize/amazon_honor.html ' , ' Author ( Joe Somebody ) ' :( ' django_monetize/amazon_honor.html ' , ( ' amazon_paypage ' , ' Joe Somebodys Amazon Honor Paypage url ' ) , ) , ' tutorial ' :{ ' header ' : ' django_monetize/paypal_donate.html ' , ' footer ' : ' django_monetize/amazon_omakase.html ' , None :( ' django_monetize/amazon_search.html ' , ( ' amazon_search_terms ' , ' JQuery ' ) , ( ' amazon_search_title ' , ' Buy books on JQuery ! ' ) , ) , } , } MONETIZE_CONTEXT = { ' amazon_affiliates_id ' : ' your affiliates tracking id ' , ' amazon_paypage ' : ' default amazon paypages url ' , ' paypal_business ' : ' paypal accounts email address ' , ' paypal_item_name ' : ' My website ' , ' paypal_currency_code ' : ' USD ' , ' paypal_tax ' : ' 0 ' , ' paypal_lc ' : ' US ' , ' paypal_bn ' : ' PP- DonationsBF ' , ' paypal_image ' : ' http://www.paypal.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donate_LG.gif' , }
Okay .
So the first thing to realize is that monetization options have three possible appearances :
They can be a string that is the name of a template .
In that case the template will be rendered using the context in MONETIZE_CONTEXT .
They can be a tuple or list whose first value is a template name , and other values are tuples / lists in the form ( key , value ) which are used to override the default values in MONETIZE_CONTEXT when rendering that monetization option .
They can be a dictionary whose keys are ad slots ( header , footer , or whatever you name them ) and their values are either form # 1 or form # 2 .
There is also a magic value , None which is used to specify its default value if it does n't define its value for all slots .
Next , MONETIZE_DEFAULT
is where you establish the default monetization option , which is one of the three appearances above ( string , list with string and overrides , dictionary with slot names that each have a string or list of string and overrides ) .
Finally , MONETIZE_TARGET
is a dictionary of terms to target on , where each target has one of the three monetization appearances .
Up and At 'Em
Right now the repository is stored at GitHub , which I realize is n't Google Code and thus will be problematic for some Django users .
I am moving up to New Jersey this weekend , and wo n't have time to setup the Google Code repository until next week .
In that same vein , I have n't had the time to integrate it into this site yet , and thus it has n't received heavy testing .
Forking it on GitHub and making your changes followed by a push request would be the easiest way to contribute , but mailing patches to me at lethain@gmail.com would work as well .
Holy Crap !
Why is John McCain even trying , if you 're out matched like this , you might as well just let Obama just walk right into the White House !
Last time I checked , 344,000 Thousand is 344,000,000 thats 344 Million voters !
Silly me , I thought we only had about 300 Million people , I guess that 's why we have so many non registered voters , they used to be Republicans .
Here 's the proof !
So ... Come November , things are looking a little bleak for the McCain / Palin ticket .
The User ’s Guide to the Top Malware Protection Software Programs of 2018
The average cost of a data breach for business owners is a staggering 3.9 million dollars .
Even if you do n’t own a business , data breaches on personal computers can result in thousands of dollars worth of losses as a result of identity theft , file ransoms , and more .
At the end of the day , malware that aims to make your digital life harder sucks .
Your number one defense against it is investing in top malware protection programs .
That ’s where we come in .
Our team has put together this article to help you filter through all of the malware products on the market and find the ultimate protection suite for your PC .
1. Norton Security Premium
Since 1990 , Norton by Symantec has been the biggest name in household and commercial top malware protection .
And why not ?
The company regularly leads the charge with creating lightweight yet robust protection solutions that are simple for users to incorporate into their digital workflows .
Norton ’s latest PC focused security release is no exception .
Norton Security Premium is the best protection you can get on your computer hands down .
It does come at a steep price of $ 110.00 at the time of our writing .
Still , with 10 device licenses , it could be worth splitting the costs with friends and enjoying the comprehensive protection only Norton offers .
2. AVG Internet Security
Looking for great security with not so great interface ?
Probably not .
Unfortunately then , AVG ’s latest internet security bundle does security incredibly well but leaves a little bit to be desired on the usability end .
Still , if you do n’t mind spending a little extra time getting acquainted with this top malware protection program , you can save some money given it ’s low $ 70 price tag and Norton quality protection .
3. Trend Micro Maximum Security
The internet has become increasingly sophisticated and with that sophistication has come a bevy of new threats ( learn more about them ) .
Given how complex protection has needed to get to keep you safe online , a lot of times top malware programs get too complicated for the average user .
That ’s why we love Trend Micro Maximum Security .
This malware suite sacrifices very little in the way of performance and still manages to break everything you need to know up into four clear category icons while using the program .
And if you ’re like most people who just need to scan for viruses occasionally , there ’s a big red button directly in the middle of the user menu to do that .
You ca n’t miss it .
That sort of simplicity is a breath of fresh air and makes this malware program our top pick for beginner to average grade PC users .
4. McAfee Total Protection
Another big name in cybersecurity graces our top malware protection program list .
Its name is McAfee .
McAfee Antivirus Total Protection is a solid , well - performing choice that comes in at a variety of price points depending on what your needs are .
Impact on your PC is nominal while running this program and McAfree comes with cool features like a McAfee web advisor which helps you discern areas online where your information will be safe .
Overall , McAfee is a solid choice .
It does fall a little short though on value in comparison to some of our other picks .
5. Avast Premier
Avast is a popular up and comer in the malware protection industry .
We were really impressed with what we saw from its most recent release of Avast Premier .
This PC tool looks exceptional with its charcoal backdrop and great purple and green accents .
It also performs well which is typically a problem with lesser known malware programs that like to eat up a lot of your system ’s memory .
All of this great interface and robust protection though does come at a price .
At $ 80.00 , Avast is pricing itself in the range of juggernauts like AVG .
We ca n’t help but feel that was a bit of an oversight .
6. Panda Dome Premium
Here is probably the most obscure and certainly the most expensive top malware protection program on our list – Panda Dome Premium .
Let ’s get one thing straight , we like Panda Dome .
It protects really well and does a great job of organizing its dizzying feature set .
Still , at its $ 116.00 price point , we ’re not sure it ’s your best option .
This malware program does come with a free VPN when you take on its premium subscription .
That offsets some of its price point .
It also has live 24 - hour tech support which can be helpful if you ’re leveraging its products for commercial purposes or really just want someone to talk to when you ’re setting up your anti-virus late at night .
Given the mixed performance of a lot of this program ’s feature set , we ca n’t recommend that you pick up Panda Dome over other premium malware solutions we ’ve mentioned on this list .
Keep your eye on this product though .
As its stability improves , it could become a big - time player .
Wrapping Up Top Malware Protection Solutions
Whether you ’re trying to secure your pre-existing machine or are purchasing a new computer you want to make sure does n’t fall victim to online predators , you ’re going to want to invest in a top malware protection tool .
Any of the suggestions we ’ve outlined above will cover your needs .
Remember , good malware is a safety net .
To ensure that you ’re always setting your security up for success , stay mindful of the files you download and where they ’re coming from .
Always do your best to browse the internet cautiously !
Want more of the best tech advice and information available online ?
If yes , check out more of our content on Donklephant .
From mobile and apps to software and tech , we ’ve got your need to know covered !
Troopergate Report : Palin Abused Power Palin says she did " nothing unlawful or unethical " in firing of official .
Oct. 11 , 2008  -- Gov. Sarah Palin abused her power when she fired her public safety commissioner this July , a state investigation has concluded .
The Alaska legislature voted Friday to release the 263 - page report on the " Troopergate " scandal , a state kerfuffle which has come to haunt Palin 's vice presidential bid .
The scandal centered around her firing of Public Safety Commissioner Walt Monegan .
Monegan and others believed Palin fired him because he refused to take action against Mike Wooten , a state trooper under him who had been involved in a messy divorce with Palin 's sister , Molly .
The investigator , Stephen Branchflower , found that Monegan 's refusal to fire Wooten " was not the sole reason " but was " likely a contributing factor " to his firing .
Branchflower also said Palin 's attorney general failed to provide him with e-mails of Palin's that he had requested as part of the probe .
The report found that Palin let the family grudge influence her decision - making , even if it was not the sole reason Monegan was dismissed .
Palin said Saturday that she did " nothing unlawful or unethical " in removing Monegan from his position .
As Palin left the Pittsburgh Westin Hotel this morning to board her campaign bus , a pool reporter yelled out , " Governor , did you abuse your power ? "
Palin paused as she boarded the bus and responded , " No , and if you read the report you 'll see that there was nothing unlawful or unethical about replacing a cabinet member .
You gotta read the report , sir . "
In an interview with reporters from the Pittsburgh Tribune - Review last night following an evening fundraiser , Palin defended her handling of the case .
" It is important for a governor to take on the responsibility of making sure that everybody in her cabinet is in the right place at the right time to best serve the public , " Palin said .
" I dismissed a cabinet member because he was n't the right person at the right time in his position -- dismissed him having nothing to do with telling him to hire or fire anybody else . "
Reached at home Friday night , Monegan told ABCNews.com he felt relieved by the report 's findings .
" Vindicated is too harsh of a word , " he said from his kitchen , where he said he and his wife were making stew .
" But I honestly feel a little conflicted , as well .
...
We were trying to protect her from this very moment , " he said .
" We warned her , we warned her , we warned her , " said Monegan of efforts to insulate Palin from personnel questions concerning Wooten .
" I think we failed . "
Meg Stapleton , the spokeswoman for the McCain - Palin campaign , said in a statement Friday night : " The report [...] illustrates what we 've known all along : this was a partisan - led inquiry run by Obama supporters and the Palins were completely justified in their concern regarding Trooper Wooten , given his violent and rogue behavior .
Lacking evidence to support the original Monegan allegation , the Legislative Council seriously overreached , making a tortured argument to find fault without basis in law or fact . "
Bill McAllister , Palin's Alaska communications director , released a statement saying the report " vindicated the governor by finding that she acted within her constitutional authority to remove ' at - will ' employees . "
But he questioned the report 's abuse of power finding .
" We question how Mr. Branchflower reached the conclusion that Governor Palin abused her power with respect to Trooper Mike Wooten .
That finding required speculation and assumptions on Mr. Branchflower 's part and could not be supported solely on the basis of the evidence that he collected , " McAllister 's statement said .
It was not immediately clear whether legislators would seek punishment or censure for Palin as a result of the probe 's findings .
" To me , that 's the smaller issue of all this , " said Democratic Rep. Les Gara , who has been an outspoken critic of Palin's .
Any action against the governor would properly come from the state personnel board , said Gara .
That panel is currently conducting its own Troopergate probe -- at Palin 's prompting .
The governor has held , since September , that the personnel board was the proper body to investigate her .
The report 's release brought a palpable sense of relief from some legislators , who had been besieged for weeks by reporters from the national media , and a driven effort by the McCain - Palin campaign and its allies to discredit their probe and those involved in it .
" What I would like more than anything is an apology , " said Gara .
" An apology from the McCain campaign to the people they attacked to try to stop this investigation . "
Palin violated the state Ethics Act , Branchflower found .
" The evidence supports the conclusion that Gov. Palin , at the least , engaged in ' official action ' by her inaction , if not her active participation or assistance to her husband , in attempting to get Trooper Wooten fired [ and there is evidence of her active participation ] , " Branchflower concluded .
" [ Palin ] knowingly ... permitted [ husband ]
Todd Palin to use the governor 's office and the resources of the governor 's office ... in an effort to find some way to get Trooper Wooten fired . "
In an interview with ABC News ' Charlie Gibson in September , Palin denied her concern over Wooten had any connection to Monegan 's firing .
" [ Wooten ] is still a trooper , " Palin said during the interview .
" Commissioner Monegan was replaced because he was n't reaching the goals that our cabinet members were to reach , find efficiencies , put new vision , new energy into all of our departments . "
But Palin attorney Thomas Van Flein told The Associated Press , " In order to violate the ethics law , there has to be some personal gain , usually financial .
Mr. Branchflower has failed to identify any financial gain . "
The statute says " any effort to benefit a personal or financial interest through official action is a violation of that [ public ] trust . "
The 14 - member , Republican - dominated Legislative Council met in closed session this morning with Branchflower .
After seven hours of exhaustive review , the legislators voted unanimously to release the report to the public .
" I 'm going to vote to release it , but it 's not a vote in total agreement , " said Republican Sen. Gary Stevens .
" There 's not a consensus for the conclusion , " said Republican Rep. Bill Stoltze .
He said he expected there would be " robust and vigorous intellectual debate on that in other corners . "
Stoltze said he had received hundreds of e-mails from all over the country , calling for the public release of the report .
The state added extra servers to handle the traffic expected when the report is posted electronically to the legislature 's Web site .
The Legislative Council voted unanimously to initiate the investigation in late July , shortly after Palin fired Monegan .
The probe was to determine whether she fired Monegan because he refused to take action against a state trooper who had been through a messy divorce from Palin 's sister .
Palin denied wrongdoing and initially voiced support for the investigation .
But after she joined the national Republican ticket , she and her supporters said the legislature had no right to investigate her , and accused legislators involved in the probe of supporting Democratic Sen.
Barack Obama 's presidential bid .
A lawsuit to stop the probe , which echoed many of the campaign 's charges , was thrown out Thursday by the state Supreme Court .
In her statement , Stapleton said , " The governor is looking forward to cooperating with the personnel board and continuing her conversation with the American people regarding the important issues facing the country . "
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Click Here for the Investigative Homepage .
Tranquility of XOOPS in CMS Application
XOOPS , widely acknowledged as the Extensible Object Oriented Portal System , is basically an esteemed and most efficient PHP web application module and platform that is extensively used for the development and creation of small , medium or large community portals or websites , Intra business and communal gateway , weblogs and various other application and media tools .
It mostly lay emphasize on the modularity unique application and function , superior access run , customization , personalization and also intercontinental verbal communication support .
Even though it was earlier developed and being put into application as a major gateway system , it has been anon constructed into the most proficient web appliance structure .
Its main endeavor was to provide essential and respective support in the arena of framing website for diverse use and application in the multidimensional aspects and functionality , through the mechanism of an assortment of components .
For instance , a small application of XOOPS system can be made use in the functionality of as a dedicated weblog or knowledge source .
However this can be prolonged ahead and modified as according to the specific need and requirements , as like client can attach the suitable components based on freeware as well as profit - making aspects to stock up content in intelligence , discussion hub , downloads application and many other grounds .
Indispensable Features of XOOPS
Based On Data Function – XOOPS make use of a relational catalog consisting of essential database and accounts , which can be termed as MySQL module , this enables to pile up large quantity of data obligatory for administration of fully web - based content supervision method .
Entirely Modularized –
This is another most essential feature of this system , where component can be mounted or dismounted or activated or deactivated with the help of just simple click in application of the XOOPS element management structure .
Customization – With proper application and use , here chronicled users can amend their summary and profiles , decide on the site themes and textures , upload and include various conventional avatars , and do much more as according to their taste and preference .
Ease of Supervision –
It also provides the application and ability to rummage around for clients and users in a most conventional way to intensify in the aspects of various criteria , like sending email and confidential messages to the users with the help of a template - based system .
Universal Support – XOOPS was shaped and sustained by a squad of numerous hard - working professionals toiling in this respective field from all around the world .
Thus this unique community just has more than efficient officials to support and deliver functionality and applicability round the globe irrespective of multiple barrier and language constraint .
Extensive Language Support – Abundantly supported by multi - byte language structure that provides enough application in respective fields , which includes Japanese , Chinese , Korean , and various other multi language platforms .
Multi Access System –
This has been built on the platform of easy and convenient use and application , which provides commanding and user - friendly function and permissions system that allows overseer to set permissions by various group and other preferences .
Theme - based Line and Interface – XOOPS is motivated by a powerful theme arrangement .
Both the administrator and the client can modify the appearance according to the personal preference and choice .
Ken Lewis , the chief executive of Bank of America , said yesterday that " I do n't know of a major bank that does n't have some significant exposure to AIG " .
So AIG 's need to raise billions in new capital to shore itself up has sent shockwaves through global markets and helped to undermined the share prices of many banks .
But how exactly are banks " exposed " to AIG ?
Light is shed by an insightful bit of research by Sandy Chen of Panmure Gordon .
He has found the following paragraph in AIG 's US regulatory filing :
" Approximately $ 307bn ( consisting of corporate loans and prime residential mortgages ) of the $ 441bn in notional exposure of AIGFP 's super senior credit default swap portfolio as of June 30 , 2008 represented derivatives written for financial institutions , principally in Europe , for the purpose of providing regulatory capital relief rather than risk mitigation .
In exchange for a minimum guaranteed fee , the counterparties receive credit protection with respect to diversified loan portfolios they own , thus improving their regulatory capital position . "
If you managed to read to the end of that , your reaction is probably " you what ? "
Well , I 'll tell you what .
AIG is saying here that it has insured $ 307bn of corporate loans and prime residential mortgages that are on the balance sheets of banks , mostly European banks .
The banks have bought this insurance to protect themselves against the risk that these loans would go bad , that borrowers would default .
Their motive for doing so was to reassure their respective regulators - such as the FSA for UK banks - that these loans are of minimal risk .
And the benefit of doing that was that they could lend considerably more relative to their capital resources .
But if AIG is in trouble , then doubts arise about whether it would be able to honour the financial commitments it has made through these insurance contracts ( which , for those of you who like to learn the lingo , are called super senior credit default swaps ) .
In fact , in a wholly mechanistic way , the downgrades of AIG 's credit rating that we saw last night automatically increased the perceived riskiness of loans made by banks that have insured credit with AIG .
Which means those banks ' balance sheets become weaker - and that could mean that they 'll be forced by their regulators to raise additional capital .
So there 's a widespread view among bankers that the US Treasury and the Federal Reserve simply can't allow AIG to fail , in the way that they felt that they could allow Lehman to collapse into insolvency .
If AIG went down , a number of banks ' balance sheets would be mullered - there would a dangerous risk to the stability of the global financial system .
Or to put it another way , AIG is so pivotal in the global financial system , it can't be consigned to the dustbin of history in a precipitous way .
PS .
For those of you who currently have the willies about HBOS , its exposure to AIG is not life threatening .
What 's currently doing for HBOS 's share price is blindingly obvious : it provides 20 % of all UK residential mortgages ; the UK housing market is the major vulnerability of the UK economy ; if there 's a sharp rise in the number of homeowners defaulting on their mortgages , HBOS would incur significant losses , especially on self - cert , buy - to - let and loans with a high loan - to - value ratio .
But HBOS has recently raised £ 4bn of new capital to cushion itself against the impact of just such a debacle .
So there is more fear than reason underlying the success of the short - sellers in driving down HBOS 's share price - although the short - sellers will claim a modest victory in the decision by Standard & Poors to lower HBOS 's credit ratings by a smidgeon .
But HBOS 's ratings remain pretty strong .
And the rating cuts should n't lead to a sharp increase in the cost of its finance or to an exodus of those who provide that finance .
UPDATE 19:25
I suspect that Sandy Chen has found only a part of AIG 's credit protection business , since I am told that US banks are more exposed to AIG than are European banks ( which is not what the regulatory filing spotted by Chen shows ) .
And here 's a compelling wrinkle .
AIG writes its credit default swaps contracts ( its loan insurance business ) through a French banking subsidiary .
Even so , the possible collapse of AIG is n't a French problem .
What AIG needs to obtain is financial support from the American taxpayer at the top holding company level in the US - and it would then use these funds to recapitalise the French bank it owns .
What this shows is the fearful complexity of AIG 's corporate structure , which just adds to the difficulty in negotiating a rescue .
I think this might just backfire .
The chairman of the Republican Party in Macomb County Michigan , a key swing county in a key swing state , is planning to use a list of foreclosed homes to block people from voting in the upcoming election as part of the state GOP ’s effort to challenge some voters on Election Day .
“ We will have a list of foreclosed homes and will make sure people are n’t voting from those addresses , ” party chairman James Carabelli told Michigan Messenger in a telephone interview earlier this week .
He said the local party wanted to make sure that proper electoral procedures were followed .
State election rules allow parties to assign “ election challengers ” to polls to monitor the election .
In addition to observing the poll workers , these volunteers can challenge the eligibility of any voter provided they “ have a good reason to believe ” that the person is not eligible to vote .
One allowable reason is that the person is not a “ true resident of the city or township . ”
The Michigan Republicans ’ planned use of foreclosure lists is apparently an attempt to challenge ineligible voters as not being “ true residents . ”
The article cited , in the Michigan Messenger , says a full sixty per cent of sub - prime loans in Michigan went to African American families and that thus they bear a far higher rate of foreclosures .
Legal experts think the GOP has n't got a real case ( especially in Michigan where the law allows voters to vote from their last known address ) but that does n't take away from the breathtaking nastiness of even thinking about such a move .
J. Gerald Hebert , a former voting rights litigator for the U.S. Justice Department who now runs the Campaign Legal Center , a Washington D.C. - based public - interest law firm [ said , ] “ I do n’t think a foreclosure notice is sufficient basis for a challenge , because people often remain in their homes after foreclosure begins and sometimes are able to negotiate and refinance . ”
And then there 's the massive conflict of interest :
The Macomb GOP ’s plans are another indication of how John McCain ’s campaign stands to benefit from the burgeoning number of foreclosures in the state .
McCain ’s regional headquarters are housed in the office building of foreclosure specialists Trott & Trott .
The firm ’s founder , David A. Trott , has raised between $ 100,000 and $ 250,000 for the Republican nominee .
GOP officials elsewhere in Michigan , as well as Ohio , have said they are looking to challenge voter registration based on foreclosure lists - which points to an orchestrated attempt by the McCain campaign to steal the votes of victims of the credit crunch , especially black American victims .
This while banks are offered corporate - socialist bailout after bailout and John McCain the 5 Million Dollar Man suggests that common people should miss a holiday or get an extra job to ensure they keep up their payments on a sub - prime loan .
" Welcome to today 's Republican Party - FU , you whiners ! " ( John McCain approved this message )
Crossposted from Newshoggers
It was only a matter of time , unfortunately .
And now that Michigan is an election - year swing state and Detroit 's auto makers are posting sales declines topping 20 % each month , the time has arrived .
The issue of a government bailout for General Motors , Ford and Chrysler is moving to center stage .
Barack Obama has said yes to this proposal early on , and last week John McCain climbed on board .
So much for change and fighting pork - barrel spending .
We 're moving beyond moral hazard here , folks , and into a moral quagmire .
At least ...
Hello !
Johannes has packed PHP 5.3.0 al pha2 yesterday , which you can find here : http://downloads.php.net/johannes/
Windows binaries ( optimized for various versions of Windows ) are available from the new website dedicated to PHP 's windows binaries : http://windows.php.net/downloads.php
Please test it carefully , and report any bugs in the bug system , but only if you have a short reproducable test case .
If everything goes well , we can release it somewhere at the end of next week .
regards , Lukas and Johannes
I was in solitary confinement when my captors offered to release me .
I knew why .
If I went home , they would use it as propaganda to demoralize my fellow prisoners .
Our Code said we could only go home in the order of our capture , and there were men who had been shot down before me .
I thought about it , though .
I was n't in great shape , and I missed everything about America .
But I turned it down .
A lot of prisoners had it worse than I did .
I 'd been mistreated before , but not as badly as others .
I always liked to strut a little after I 'd been roughed up to show the other guys I was tough enough to take it .
But after I turned down their offer , they worked me over harder than they ever had before .
For a long time .
And they broke me .
When they brought me back to my cell , I was hurt and ashamed , and I did n't know how I could face my fellow prisoners .
The good man in the cell next door , my friend , Bob Craner , saved me .
Through taps on a wall he told me I had fought as hard as I could .
No man can always stand alone .
And then he told me to get back up and fight again for our country and for the men I had the honor to serve with .
Because every day they fought for me .
I fell in love with my country when I was a prisoner in someone else 's .
I loved it not just for the many comforts of life here .
I loved it for its decency ; for its faith in the wisdom , justice and goodness of its people .
I loved it because it was not just a place , but an idea , a cause worth fighting for .
I was never the same again .
I was n't my own man anymore .
I was my country's .
I 'm not running for president because I think I 'm blessed with such personal greatness that history has anointed me to save our country in its hour of need .
My country saved me .
My country saved me , and I cannot forget it .
And I will fight for her for as long as I draw breath , so help me God .
If you find faults with our country , make it a better one .
If you 're disappointed with the mistakes of government , join its ranks and work to correct them .
Enlist in our armed forces .
Become a teacher .
Enter the ministry .
Run for public office .
Feed a hungry child .
Teach an illiterate adult to read .
Comfort the afflicted .
Defend the rights of the oppressed .
Our country will be the better , and you will be the happier .
Because nothing brings greater happiness in life than to serve a cause greater than yourself .
I 'm going to fight for my cause every day as your president .
I 'm going to fight to make sure every American has every reason to thank God , as I thank Him : that I 'm an American , a proud citizen of the greatest country on earth , and with hard work , strong faith and a little courage , great things are always within our reach .
Fight with me .
Fight with me .
Fight for what 's right for our country .
Fight for the ideals and character of a free people .
Fight for our children 's future .
Fight for justice and opportunity for all .
Stand up to defend our country from its enemies .
Stand up for each other ; for beautiful , blessed , bountiful America .
Stand up , stand up , stand up and fight .
Nothing is inevitable here .
We 're Americans , and we never give up .
We never quit .
We never hide from history .
We make history .
Thank you , and God bless you .
Opinion
Jesse Jackson - uncensored
Fox News host Bill O'Reilly has been known to show some fairly racy video clips of young women in various stages of undress .
O'Reilly explains that while some viewers criticize him for showing salacious images as he denounces the decline of American culture , he has an obligation to show his audience the tawdry reality that prompted his righteous rant .
Not so when it came to Jesse Jackson , who was caught criticizing Barack Obama for " talking down to black people " on a hot microphone off air at Fox studios on July 6 .
" The O'Reilly Factor " then aired some of Jackson 's comments , but dubbed over a word when Jackson said , " I want to cut his n- off . "
What was the deleted expletive ?
The Chronicle has n't used the word either when reporting on the story , so here 's a hint :
On hearing the phrase , men have been known to squirm in their chairs , cross their legs , or at least put their arms forward defensively .
When the story broke , Jackson issued this statement : " For any harm or hurt that this hot mike private conversation may have caused , I apologize .
My support for Sen. Obama 's campaign is wide , deep and unequivocal . "
Nice try , but the damage was done - not to Obama , but Jackson himself , who came across as a petty man who let envy get the better of him .
His biting of the lip and yanking of his right arm made it clear that Jackson had given serious thought to a certain surgical procedure .
I , too , have been known to bemoan the decline of our culture .
Proofs abound .
But if network news shows - and Fox News was not alone here - can hint broadly at what Christie Brinkley 's estranged husband Peter Cook did online , if they can cut to photos of baseball players and strippers and repeatedly air footage of scantily clad starlets in their cups , surely they do n't need to shield their delicate viewers from the word Jackson used in expressing his desire to pare another man 's legumes .
I can only assume that male TV news biggies bleeped the word because they 've finally found a part of the human anatomy about which they are highly sensitive .
And it 's below the belt .
It turns out O'Reilly withheld half of the story .
Someone on Fox News released a transcript that revealed Jackson used another n-word .
Specifically , he complained about Obama " telling n- how to behave . "
And I can understand why networks might bleep this n-word .
It is racist and vile .
So why did O'Reilly withhold mention of the more offensive n-word ?
O'Reilly told viewers that Jackson had uttered other ugly words , but that he would not air them because they " did not advance the story in one way , shape or form . "
Later , he said , " I 'm not in the business of hurting Jesse Jackson - because it does hurt Jesse Jackson - and I 'm not in the business of creating some kind of controversy that 's not relevant to the general subject : one civil rights leader disparaging another over policy .
So we held it back .
Some weasel leaked it to the Internet . "
Some readers might consider Jackson 's remarks off - limits as they represented preshow chitchat not intended for public consumption .
But Jackson is hardly the first public figure to get caught in this snare .
He knew that he had a microphone on his lapel , that people might hear him , and that what he was saying was in poor taste .
He simply could not help himself .
Granted , whether it should be or not , it is different when a black person , as opposed to a white person , uses the two - syllable n-word .
But when a civil rights leader disparages the very people whom he is supposed to champion - that 's news .
And when the black person who uses the n-word is a civil rights leader who challenged the entertainment industry not to use the word and called for a boycott of " Seinfeld " DVDs after one of the series stars , Michael Richards , used the slur as a standup comic - that 's big news .
It is news that buries whatever credibility Jackson retained .
Which makes O'Reilly 's decision not to broadcast the racist n-word incomprehensible .
O'Reilly was giving a pass to Jackson - something he would not do for a 18 - year - old girl who posted a sexual photo on the Internet .
And for that , he should squirm in his seat .
Komodia ’s Redirector allows you to change TCP / IP network sessions with a few simple clicks .
The platform intercepts traffic on the local machine based on rules that you define , and it includes many built in functions that you can use without writing a single line of code ( if you need a solution that only sniffs the network traffic without modifying it , visit Komodia ’s Interceptor web page ) .
In thinking about the rules of war , the trend in contemporary political philosophy has been to start from individual conduct and scale up .
War is just many instances of individual self - defense , so the rules about individual self - defense will frame the principles of just warfare .
Our guest today , Jon Quong , wants to flip that on its head .
To understand whether a given individual is acting rightly in harming another , we need to first settle our views about the social context in which it takes place .
Continue reading →
Girl , 10 , heartbroken after top grammar school offers her a place ... then says it ' made a mistake '
Staff at a top grammar school left a ten - year - old girl heartbroken after mistakenly telling her she had passed their entrance exam .
Celine Coffey spent four days ' on cloud nine ' , telling family and friends she was going to Loreto Grammar School for Girls in Altrincham , Cheshire .
But her joy turned to despair when it emerged staff had wrongly posted a letter saying she had passed when she had actually failed .
Celine Coffey , ten , with her parents David and Caroline .
She is holding the letter which said she passed the entrance exam
The error began to unravel when she told her teacher at St Hugh 's Catholic primary in Timperley , near Altrincham , that she had been given a place at Loreto .
When the teacher failed to respond , Celine suspected something was wrong .
Celine 's mum Caroline was called into school and told by staff her daughter was not on a list of pupils who had passed the entrance exam .
Caroline rang Loreto and was told there had been an ' admin error ' .
The school , praised as outstanding by Ofsted in 2005 , had posted the wrong letter .
Instead of sending Celine a letter saying she ' had not reached the standard ' , she was sent one saying she had performed well and was eligible for a place .
Celine , who had not expected to pass , was delighted when she received the original letter .
She told all her family and friends , and by the following day had posted back the tear - off slip accepting the offer of a place at the school .
Now she will go to Blessed Thomas Holford Catholic College in Altrincham , where her 12 - year - old brother Michael is a pupil .
Celine said : ' It 's terrible .
I was really excited .
I told all my friends I was going .'
Celine 's dad , David Coffey , 43 , a building inspector , said : ' We were all on cloud nine .
She would have been the first Coffey to go to grammar school for five generations . '
Loreto head Jane Beever said : ' Our hearts go out to the child concerned and we have taken steps to ensure that such an unfortunate mistake cannot happen again . '
It ’s tiny , svelte , and yes , very quiet .
It uses the popular Intel Atom low power processor and a chipset designed for mobile use .
It ’s part of the continuing miniaturization of computing devices .
What ’s a cute mini PC like the Asus Eee Box good for ?
Our review delves into the details .
September 8 , 2008 by Mike Chin
Product Eee Box B202 Manufacturer Asus MSRP US$ 350
We ’ve covered the launch of the original Asus
EEE PC and how it popularized the sub - notebook market .
We ’ve also discussed
the rapid emergence of an entire class of truly small PCs , often described as
nettops , in our coverage of
the Intel Developers Forum last month .
In the same IDF report , we also covered
the amazing success of the Intel Atom processor , which was at the core of the
Intel D945GCLF mini-ITX board
reviewed a few days ago .
The Asus Eee Box touches on all of these various
elements :
It is an expansion of the Asus Eee line of products into the desktop
market , it is a tiny nettop PC , and it features the Intel Atom processor .
Like the Eee PC , the Eee Box is sold as a complete PC .
It was shown at Computex
Taipei in June .
We ran a preview of the product then .
At that point , the anticipated
price was lower : $ 269 for a 1GB memory + 80 GB HDD Linux edition , $ 299 for a
1GB memory + 80 GB HDD XP edition and $ 299 for a 2GB memory + 160 GB HDD Linux
edition .
The sample that came to SPCR is the second of the configurations mentioned
above , but the price has gone up by $ 50 , and the Linux versions have been eliminated .
The basic technology inside is similar to Intel ’s Atom - based mini-ITX board , the D945GCLF which we reviewed last week .
The CPU is a mobile variant , although how much less power that would draw is questionable , as the “ desktop ” Atom 230 maxes out at 4W .
The Intel board uses the relatively inefficient 945GC chipset , which was first used on the Mac Mini .
Apparently , the chipset in the Eee Box is the 945GSE Express , designed for mobile PCs , but still equipped with the same Intel GMA 950 video chip .
Being a mobile chipset , the 945GSE Express may have lower power requirements than the 945GC , which is promising .
Given the 945GSE
Express chipset , the Eee Box is actually closer to the Eee PC than to the Intel D945GCLF m-ITX board .
Eee Box measures just 8.5 ” x 7 ” x 1 ” .
The shape , size and weight of the Eee Box are compelling .
Not
that it ’s the first very small PC ; there have been many over the past few years .
But it ’s also sleek and stylish in a way that the Mac Mini or the AOpen Mini
PC computers are not .
The slim box , angled slightly on its minimal stand , looks
elegant enough to go on any desktop .
The 1 ″ thinness is made possible by
excluding an optical drive , a move that seems justified in this age of ubiquitous
flash memory sticks .
With four USB ports , memory card reader , gigabit LAN and
Wi -Fi 802.11n , the Eee Box is not lacking in inputs .
Most compelling is its
ability to mount on the back of your LCD monitor , becoming invisible in the
process .
So does the Eee Box have what it takes to replace a standard desktop
PC ?
Is its performance up to being a home entertainment hub as the Asus
Eee Box web page submits ?
And is it quiet enough for SPCR to recommend ?
Asus Eee Box B202 Specifications OS Windows XP Home Processor Intel Atom N270 ( 1.6 GHz , FSB 533 ) Memory DDRII 1 GB Storage 80 GB Chipset 945GSE + ICH7M VGA On - board Intel GMA 950 , 1600 x 1200 max resolution Networking 10/100/1000 Mbps LAN , 802.11n WLAN SD / MMC / MS slot SD , SDHC , Mini SD , ( Micro SD through adapter ) ; MMC ,
MMC plus , MMC4.x , RS MMC , RSMMC4.x ( MMC mobile through adapter ) ; MS , MS PRO Audio Azalia ALC888 Audio Chip Front Ports USB x 2 , Card Reader x 1 , Headphone - out jack ( WO / SPDIF )
x 1 , MIC x 1 Rear Ports USB 2.0 x 2 , Gigabit LAN x 1 , DVI out x 1 , Line - Out
( L/R ) with S / PDIF x 1 , WiFi antenna Accessories 19VDC , 4.74A , 65 W power adapter
Mouse ( optional )
Keyboard ( optional )
VESA mount ( optional )
WiFi antenna
Stand Dimensions 8.5 ” x 7 ” x 1 ” or 223×178×26
mm ( w/o stand ) Weight Net : 2.2 lbs ; Gross : 6.6 lbs .
BASICS
Eee Box comes in a package that ’s only a bit bigger than the product itself .
Still , there ’s a lot of packaging bits and pieces inside , especially plastic
bags .
The box shows the four available colors .
Eee Box package on our desktop , with M - Audio Tampa microphone preamp and
a Zonbu Mini
computer in the background .
All those plastic bags !
With the Eee Box and stand came three AC cables with different plugs ( for various
parts of the world ) .
The AC / DC adapter outputs 19VDC at 4.74A ; it ’s rated for 65W .
There ’s also a stand for the back of a VESA - compliant LCD monitor .
Examining the exterior of the Eee Box , we noted that the slots along the top
from edge are exhaust vents for a cooling fan , and similar slots along the bottom
edge are intake vents .
Convection will aid a bit in cooling airflow .
Exhaust vents on top …
… intake vents on bottom .
( Note : The plastic film on this side of our sample was left on . )
A SPDIF output is said to be on the back panel , but only a 3.5 mm mini jack for audio appeared to be there .
The manual mentions a “ mini jack
to S / PDIF adapter ” which did n’t make any sense .
The only thing that looked
like the adapter drawing was a little white plastic device … which on close
examination proved to have a protective cap on one end .
The way this adapter
converts the 3.5 mm mini jack into an optical SPDIF jack seems just short
of miraculous .
The adapter , with and without cap .
The 3.5 mm audio jack … converted to optical SPDIF out .
Access to the 2.5 ″ 80 GB hard drive is from the bottom .
Two screws hold
the sled that the drive is mounted in .
Interestingly , the drive , a Seagate model
LD25.2 Series SATA , has a sticker with a notice that warns : “ NOT SUITABLE
FOR LAPTOP COMPUTER USE ” .
Seagate’s
product page states that this model “ was designed and optimized for
consumer electronics applications . ”
It probably is n’t engineered to withstand
the level of shock that laptop drives are .
A 2.5 ″ Seagate drive that ’s not for laptops .
Getting the Eee Box ready for use took just a couple of minutes .
Threading
the single large knurled screw to attach the stand was about the most fiddly
part of the task .
Note that the system accepts only only USB mouse and keyboard ;
there are no legacy ports .
This photo shows the relative size of the unit against a 19 ″ 4:3 ratio
LCD monitor .
LCD MONITOR MOUNTING
As mentioned earlier , the adapter which allows the Eee Box to be mounted on
the back of an LCD monitor requires a monitor that has VESA - compliant mounting
holes for external stands .
An older Gateway monitor was the only one in the
lab that proved suitable .
VESA - compliant mounting holes .
The VESA bracket adapter for the Eee Box is screwed into place , then a single
bolt needs to be threaded .
”
Eee Box on back of monitor … before any cable management .
One odd problem we immediately encountered was that our sample did not work
with the DVI input of the Gateway LCD monitor .
No matter ; using a DVI to VGA
adapter on the Eee box and running a VGA cable into the VGA input of the Gateway
monitor gave us fine quality output on the display anyway .
We checked with Asus
on whether they ’d encountered any compatibility issues with the DVI output if
the Eee Box ( the only video output it ’s equipped with ) ; they did only with one
older monitor .
Later , with an update to the Eee Box BIOS ( 601 ) , all compatibility
issues with monitors disappeared completely .
EXPRESS GATE
This Linux mini-OS is a feature we ’ve seen on Asus motherboards
before , including the P5E3 Premium ,
the M3A78 Pro and M3N78
Pro .
In fact , its featured on at least half a dozen Asus board models , but
it ’s the first time we ’ve seen it in a full system .
In the Eee Box , this instant - on
mini OS is an excellent fit .
It ’s promoted as being accessible in 5 seconds
after turn on ; this is about right .
Once you ’re set up a profile in Express
Gate , we were connected to the web via Wifi through our wireless router in about
15 seconds .
This is quicker than with any PC running any conventional OS , about
as quick as accessing the web with a Windows PC out of S3 sleep mode .
The Express Gate desktop is accessed in under 5 seconds .
Four application are provided : A web browser , an image browser / manager
with direct upload to Flickr
if you have an account there , “ Pigdin ” instant messaging , and Skype
Internet phone .
For many users , the web browser is probably most important ;
through it , you can access web mail , web - based apps , web - media videos , photo
collections , etc .
All the apps were intuitive and easy enough to use , especially
for checking email or visiting web sites .
One function is conspicuously absent :
A media player to play videos and music .
It would not be a surprise to see this
added in future , as Express Gate can be updated like a real operation system
or BIOS .
BIOS
Express Gate can be enabled or disabled in the BIOS , which is
spartan with hardly any adjustments or tweaks .
Remember , this is no enthusiast
system but a complete plug - and - play system .
The Hardware Monitoring section
has only one line , to turn the automatic fan control ( Q - fan ) on or off .
The
latter option is definitely not recommended :
The internal fan shifts to full
speed and stays there .
It ’s noisy , measuring some 37 dBA@1m .
Booting into Windows XP ( Home ) was brisk enough , taking about
30 seconds from Express Gate , and about 5 seconds more from turn on .
It was
a relief to discover that there was no clutter of superfluous trial software ,
unlike typical systems from suppliers like Dell or HP .
TESTING METHODOLOGY
Equipment
Asus Eee Box B202
USB mouse / keyboard
Gateway 19 ″ LCD monitor ( 1280 ×1024 )
Asus
MK241H 24 ″ wide screen LCD monitor ( 1920 ×1200 )
Measurement and Analysis Tools
Our main test procedure is designed to determine gauge the overall user experience
while using the PC in typical functions , measured the system power consumption
at various states , and to test the integrated graphics ’ proficiency at playing
back high definition videos , an important function in the role of a home entertainment
hub , which Asus says the Eee Box is good for .
An external DVD player would have
to be added to complete the latter role , but many people are collecting movies
and video clips in digital form for playback from a home server on the network .
We use a variety of H.264/ VC - 1 clips encoded for playback on the PC .
The clips
are played with PowerDVD 7 and a CPU usage graph is created by the Windows Task
Manger for analysis to determine the approximate mean and peak CPU usage .
High
CPU usage is indicative of poor video decoding ability on the part of the integrated
graphics subsystem .
If the video ( and / or audio ) skips or freezes , we conclude
the board ’s IGP ( in conjunction with the processor ) is inadequate to decompress
the clip properly .
Finally , an Asus MK241H 24 ″ widescreen LCD monitor with 1920 ×1200 native
resolution was also used .
The Eee Box had no trouble with this setting , even
though the initial spec sheet indicated that 1600 ×1200 is the highest display
resolution .
Video Test Suite
720 p | 25 fps | ~ 5.7 mbps Dark Knight : is encoded in H.264 with Apple Quicktime .
Dark Knight Trailer 3 is encoded in H.264 with Apple Quicktime .
VIDEO / POWER TEST RESULTS
The Eee Box idled at just 16W .
It drew 6W more when running two instances of
Prime95 or playing hi def video clips .
Power consumption increased to 25 W when
the IGP was stressed with ATITool while Prime95 was running .
These numbers are very modest , especially in comparison to those obtained with
the Intel D945GCLF mini-ITX
board reviewed last week .
That system drew 27W in idle , 31~33W playing video ,
and 38 W at full tilt ; all this with a PSU that ’s one of the most efficient we’ve
tested at low loads .
That the Eee Box lowers power consumption by over 10W at
all states is excellent .
What these numbers suggest is that the 945GSE Express
chipset used in the Eee Box is considerably more efficient than the 945GC of
the Intel mini-ITX board .
A summary
page at Intel of the 945GSE Mobile Express chipset states that the maximum
TDP of the chipset itself is just 6W .
On the same page , under the heading “ Valid
Processor Combinations ” , one combination is listed : The Atom N270 and 945GSE
Express Chipset with 82801GBM I/O Controller Hub ( ICH7M ) , with a “ System
TDP ” of just 11.8W .
This explains why the Eee Box is so much more
energy efficient than the Intel D945GCLF .
It even suggests that there may be room for further reduction of power with
a more efficient AC / DC adapter :
If the total TDP of the system is only 11.8W ,
and the AC power measured is 25W , then the power supply is working at less than
50 % efficiency .
Alas , it may not be quite so simple .
The PSU is also supplying
power for the wifi and the hard drive , and perhaps a bit to the USB keyboard
and mouse as well .
As it stands , with a typical 19 ~ 20 ″ LCD monitor set to medium brightness ,
the total power consumption of an Eee Box system would be no more than ~50 W
on average , and possibly as low as 40 W depending on your LCD monitor .
Those
are compelling low power consumption figures .
Test Results : Asus Eee Box B202 Test State CPU Usage System
Power ( AC ) Mean Peak Off N/ A 1W Standby ( S3 ) N/A 1W Idle N/ A 16W Dark Knight 65 % 92 % 22W Rush Hour 98 % 99 % 22W Coral Reef 65 % 75 % 22W Prime95 100 % 22W Prime95 + ATITool 100 % 25 W
Grey boxes indicate test failure .
As with the D945GCLF test system , we were n’t able to run our typical video
test suite .
The system is inadequate for playing any 1080 p content .
Not only
did the audio skip during playback , but there were frequent pauses and massive
frame - loss .
The most demanding clip the system could play flawlessly was a 720 p
H.264 trailer for “ Dark Knight . ”
It generally did fine with most 720 p
clips as well .
GENERAL USAGE
Everyday tasks such as web browsing , checking emails , and uploading photos
from an SD card felt little different from most other PC systems in the lab .
Standard desktop functions like opening windows , searching for files , accessing
other PC folders through the wireless network — all these felt perfectly
normal .
Sure , it ’s not as speedy as the quickest quad-core , 4GB RAM , VelociRaptor
driven PC that ’s under my desk these days , but neither did it feel like a slug .
Trying to do any “ serious ” image editing with large photos in Photoshop
was quite slow , however ; nothing beyond a quick “ optimize for we b ”
process is recommended here .
Ditto with video editing ; the Eee Box lacks the
horsepower to make such work smooth or pleasant .
NOISE
When the Eee Box is turned on , a small fan ( presumably a blower
of some type ) starts with a short 1 - 2 second burst of high speed , then slows
right down to very low speed .
The noise of this fan and of the 2.5 ″ hard
drive is audible from a couple feet away , but it ’s pretty quiet .
Asus states
that it ’s “ barely audible — 26 decibels ” , but no other details
about the noise measurement are given .
In a quiet , carpeted home office ( 10 ′ x 20 ′ x 8 ′ ) with an ambient
level of 19 dBA , the SPL when the Eee Box was powered up ( on a desk ) measured
22 dBA .
Under a wide variety of loads with the room temperature at 22~25°C ,
the measured SPL of the Eee Box hardly varied , rising perhaps 1 dBA under the
worst conditions .
The subjective impression did change under such load , as it
was caused mostly by the fan spinning faster , and a tonal peak was noticed at
~420 Hz when the fan was spinning at its highest speed .
Under all the various
normal load conditions , the fan never reached the speed or noise level noted
when the automatic fan control was turned off in the BIOS .
Mounted on the back of the monitor , atop table on our hemi-anechoic chamber .
Measured in the 11 dBA ambient of our
hemi-anechoic chamber , the SPL at both idle and peak was far lower than
the 26 dB specified by Asus .
It ’s possible that this specification is in unweighted
decibels ; i.e. , without the A - weighting normally applied to simulate human perception
of SPL .
Measured / Perceived Noise State SPL
in anechoic chamber Subjective Sleep n/a Silent Idle 18 dBA@1 m
Extremely quiet ; audible from within a couple
of feet but benign , with no tonal aspects .
Full load 19 ~ 20 dBA@1 m
Still quiet , but with a bit of tonality ,
centered at around 420 Hz .
Idle , on monitor 14 dBA@1 m – from front of monitor
The monitor blocks much of the noise .
If
the wall behind is some distance away or covered with damping material such
as a curtain , the subjective noise is even lower than measured .
Full load , on monitor 15 ~ 16 dBA@1 m – from front of monitor See comments above .
The tonality at 420Hz
is still there , but substantially muted by the monitor .
Q - fan off ; fan on full speed 37 dBA@1 m
Mostly broadband noise but loud , with some
tonality in the mid-band .
Fan runs at full speed .
There ’s no reason to ever
turn Q - fan off .
COOLING
SpeedFan gave us some numbers to look at , despite the absence of any hardware
monitoring in the Eee Box BIOS .
The changes between idle load and maximum load
were small , like the changed in the fan noise .
SpeedFan indicated 2900 RPM at
idle and 3200~3300 RPM at maximum load , with temperature rises in the CPU and
“ system ” of just 2~4°C .
The hard drive temperature ranged 45 ~ 48°C .
All this was in an ambient room temperature of 23~26°C .
Asus has done a
fine job of achieving good cooling with minimal noise in the Eee Box .
SpeedFan screen capture with Eee Box at full load .
MP3 SOUND RECORDING
These recordings were made with a high resolution , lab quality ,
digital recording system inside SPCR ’s own 11 dBA ambient anechoic chamber , then converted to LAME 128 kbps encoded MP3s .
We’ve
listened long and hard to ensure there is no audible degradation from the original
WAV files to these MP3s .
They represent a quick snapshot of what we heard during
the review .
The recording of the Eee Box was made with the unit at idle , and the microphone
1 m away , first on a table in the hemi-anechoic chamber , and then mounted on
the back of an LCD monitor , and the microphone 1 m away from the front of the
monitor .
It starts with the room ambient , followed by the product ’s noise .
For the most realistic results , set the volume so that the starting ambient
level is just barely audible , then do n’t change the volume setting again while
comparing all the sound files .
Unfortunately , at this time , we have no comparable sound files of system recordings
made in the anechoic chamber with our new microphone .
FINAL THOUGHTS
Eee Box vs. SqueezeBox
My personal ideal use for the Eee Box puts it on the back of a good LCD
monitor in an open wall cabinet in the living room .
It will have several
main functions : Convenient web / email PC – no more going downstairs or waiting
for a laptop to power up and connect on wifi .
– no more going downstairs or waiting for a laptop to power up and connect on wifi .
Slideshow machine for displaying digital photos so that all
those thousands of photos get some appreciation on a nice big high resolution
screen instead being lost forever or viewed only online .
The Google
Photos Screensaver for Windows might be just about perfect for this
application .
for displaying digital photos so that all those thousands of photos get some appreciation on a nice big high resolution screen instead being lost forever or viewed only online .
The Google Photos Screensaver for Windows might be just about perfect for this application .
Music control PC to access the uncompressed CD - quality music
files on my network and output it through SPDIF into my high end DAC
for playback through my home audio system .
This would be in combination
with a good wireless media keyboard / mouse , to replace the more limited
menu / control of a Squeezebox ,
which has been in use since our
review back in 2005 .
Hence , the absence of HDMI , 1080 - resolution video playback or more elaborate
audio outputs are moot for me .
The very low power consumption , low noise ,
wifi and back - of - monitor mounting are perfect .
The Eee Box is an interesting expansion of the Asus Eee line ( even though the
choice of moniker is most unfortunate , imo ) .
It is a perfectly capable PC for
most users , performing all the routine functions we ask of our PCs with no disappointments .
No one expects it to be a workstation or gaming rig , and in those functions
the Eee Box would fail .
Unfortunately , the B202 does n’t quite live up to the
billing of home entertainment hub .
It can not handle video with higher resolution
than 720 p , which means it will fail to play many BluRay movies .
The absence
of a DVD drive also limits it somewhat , but external DVD players are plentiful
these days , and so many users are collecting movies as digital files rather
than on plastic disks .
The energy efficiency of the Eee Box is a very positive point .
Through most
tasks , it draws less than 20W , and the most demanding thing the typical user
will ask of it , playback of 720 p video , will only draw 22W .
This is exceptionally
low power demand , better than just about any PC we can think of .
The ease with which the Eee Box can be mounted on the back of an LCD monitor
is welcome .
On the back of our 19 ″ Gateway or 24 ″ Asus monitor , and
with just a bit of cable management , the box became essentially invisible and
well - nigh inaudible , making possible an unobtrusive , elegant , always - on web / email
box in the living room .
It ’s probably not cheaper than a similarly equipped DIY box with an Intel D945GCLF
Atom mini-ITX board , but it might be quieter and it ’s more elegant than any
of the mini-ITX enclosures currently available .
It ’s probably also significantly
more energy efficient except , perhaps , if you opt for a very high efficiency
AC / DC adapter with a PicoPSU .
We know that a dual - core Atom is coming .
Will there be an Eee Box with a dual - core
Atom ?
Probably .
Will it play 1080 resolution clips ?
We do n’t know , but many
people wo n’t care .
They already have a big screen 40 ″ + 1080 i high resolution
LCD or plasma TV for movies , but they do n’t have a cute , perfectly functional
mini-PC that hangs quietly on the back of a monitor in the living room or kitchen .
Is $ 350 * a good price for such a machine ?
It probably depends on your needs ,
wants and budget , but some people will find it irresistible .
PROS * Very low power consumption
* Very quiet
* Good enough performance
* Built in wifi
* SPDIF out
* Stylish , small & mounts on back of monitor CONS * Ca n’t play 1080 video
* Fairly slow CPU
* No HDMI
* No DVD / BluRay drive
Our thanks to Asus
for the Eee Box sample .
* * *
* An aside about the price of such machines : NCIX , an online store
based in Vancouver , had a major promotion of the Eee Box when it was first
released for sale here .
They offered a free 22 ″ Asus monitor for the
first 10 buyers of the Eee Box ; this was most likely an Asus - sponsored promotion .
I had a go at the lineup , but it was well over 15 persons long when I showed
late , and almost everyone seemed to be there for the Eee Box + monitor deal .
It was interesting to chat with those waiting .
One geeky pundit suggested
that the Eee Box was actually ideal for those who would never know to buy
one unless advised by one of their geeky friends , of the type who were mostly
in the lineup .
The ordinary low - end Dell , HP , Apple or Lenovo buyer would
feel too insecure about buying a non-standard PC like the Eee Box when for
the most part , it ’s precisely all they need : A small , quiet , energy efficient
box for email , web , photo sharing , the odd youtube / facebook video .
The big PC system brands have not ignored the small box trend .
Dell is
now offering the Studio
Hybrid , a wee box with optical drive only marginally bigger than the Eee
Box ; it starts at $ 499 with keyboard and mouse but runs an Intel C2 Duo CPU
that can easily play BlueRay .
The HP
Pavilion Slimline s3500t is similar to Dell ’s offering but just a
bit bigger and starts at the same price .
Neither brand has any Atom - based
low power PCs as of yet , although both offer mini laptops :
Dell ’s Atom- powered Inspiron Mini 9 and HP’s
VIA C7 - M based 2133 .
Articles of Related Interest
Hiper Media Center PC HMC - 2K53A-A3
Apple ’s 24 ″ iMac :
There ’s more to High End than Performance
Shuttle ’s Smallest Yet : XPC X100
Asus P3 - P5G33 Barebone Slim PC
Intel D945GCLF m-ITX : Atom For The Desktop
Albatron KI690 - AM2 : A Mini-ITX Powerhouse
* * *
Discuss
this article in the SPCR forums .
Dr. Seuss needs no introduction - just about everyone has their particular favorite Dr. Seuss story , whether it's about the Grinch , Green Eggs and Ham , Horton , or my personal favorite - Oh , The Places You Will Go ! , Dr. Seuss is a staple of childhood : those crazy named animals , flowers , places , with funny rhymes , and all caped with bizarre illustrations that you find yourself staring at well into adulthood .
The Places You Will
Go sticks out particularly for me , as I came across it right during my high school graduation , when one teacher decided to send us off by giving us the final " story time " of our lives .
Recently , when I was walking through a Barnes and Noble and passing the War History novels I came across something that stood out among the other history books : " Dr. Seuss Went to War " a series of editorial comics by Dr. Seuss from the second World War .
For me , it was a different side to Seuss - while I never knew much about him , he was always associated with innocent childhood silliness .
Curious about the book , I opened it up to reveal an entirely different Seuss .
An angry Seuss , a darker Seuss , a Seuss impassioned by principle , a Seuss advocating America 's entrance into the war to put an end to the Nazi 's attempts at world domination .
No Stroodles , no Vrooms , no Thidwicks or Zellars .
No Jill - icka - Jast , Findow or Wellars .
Seuss was in strong opposition to Mussolini , Tojo , and Hitler .
Moreover , he despised appeasers and isolationists who wanted no part in the war - particularly of Charles Lindbergh , who appears in many of Seuss ' editorial comics .
Many of the comics urged the need to be involved , showcasing the shame of those who wanted to keep America from entering the war .
Furthermore , Seuss held nothing back when it came to those who had a more indifferent , and neutral stance - arguing that the disunity caused by criticizing Roosevelt and aiding the Soviet Union was aiding the Nazis .
Even the Press was attacked .
Some comics were particularly controversial - some racially depicting Japanese Americans as traitors to America , while other comics condemned the racism against blacks and Jews .
By the time America entered the War , Seuss turned his efforts in direct support to the war effort - drawing posters for the War Production Board , and later in the Army , Seuss wrote and made propaganda pieces , as well as some documentary pieces which would later win him an Academy Award .
As trite as it may sound , the book is a window to the past : offering an entirely different look at Seuss , as well as a unique perspective of America during the time of the second world war .
It also casts an entirely new light on the current state of the world , and all with that trademark style of Seuss ' drawings .
While there were plenty of big -name games at the 2008 Penny Arcade Expo , few titles had people willing to wait in line for hours upon hours to play .
One of those games was Fallout 3 , a title we played extensively at E3 .
The other was StarCraft 2 , Blizzard 's sequel to the unimaginably popular 1998 original .
The show floor opened a few hours early for press on Friday afternoon , and there was only one destination in our minds .
We got to Blizzard 's booth just as the first machines were set up for demos .
Headphones were put on , hands grasped at mice , fingers twitched over the keyboard .
For many of us , this was the main event ; an encounter with a storied franchise with much baggage from our gaming past .
Playing StarCraft 2 feels like coming home to find the room you grew up in filled with updated toys .
My time with the Terrans made me realize how much of the original game I had forgotten ; while my mind used to be filled with build - orders and quick - keys , now I struggled to remember just how many SCVs I should build before moving up the tech - tree to soldiers , then on to vehicles .
A slow start was more than okay , however , because it gave me time to enjoy the work that has been done to the engine and art .
It 's amazing how much of the feel of StarCraft has been preserved , with much more detail added .
The control is what you remember , as are the basics of each race , so expect to jump in with no trouble while mastering the subtleties of the new units .
The interface likewise held few surprises in our limited time playing , apart from sleeker animations .
The Zerg , in particular , are nasty .
Imagine , if you will , that you are in the woods after a summer rain .
You flip over a large rock , and what you would see there — pulsing and writhing with disgusting life — that is a Zerg hive .
" Creep " now moves and looks wet , and the new art makes the Zerg even more effective than before .
The new units witnessed in the demo fit that art style seamlessly , giving the impression that they were a logical evolution that occurred during the years between games .
One new unit we witnessed was the Zerg queen .
Now ground based , appropriately impressive looking , and centered around defensive powers ( but still useful in a stand - up fight when leveled up ) , she 'll introduce many new twists to the gameplay .
During one battle we sent one of the Terrans ' new units , the Thor , up against a Queen , and the results were impressive .
The Thor is a huge unit — imagine a siege tank with more assault capabilities that can also take down air units — and the battle showed off just how much more destruction and violence are visible with the game 's facelift .
I was also able to watch another player wipe out a Zerg hive ... until burrowed Banelings showed up and completely dissolved the attacking units , grabbing quite the reaction from the watching crowd .
There is n't much news from the play we were given at PAX , although it 's comforting to know that the StarCraft we love is in there , the play is just as smooth , and the new units seem to fit perfectly with the game world .
The new title also seems to play well , with only a few hiccups in the framerate ; everyone who played left hungry for more .
If you were looking for something new and shocking , I 'm sorry to disappoint you .
If you want your StarCraft updated , improved , and given a 21st century look and feel , you 're going to be a very happy gamer ... with a long wait in front of you .
Additional reporting by Mike Janson
Seems like the McCain campaign ’s claim that McCain invented the Blackberry is n’t really going over that well .
You can practically hear the snickering in the articles .
Here ’s AP , which , for the most part , has been hyper - supportive of McCain :
Move over , Al Gore .
You may lay claim to the Internet , but John McCain helped create the BlackBerry .
At least that ’s the contention of a top McCain policy adviser , Douglas Holtz - Eakin .
Waving his BlackBerry personal digital assistant and citing McCain ’s work as a senator , he told reporters Tuesday , “ You ’re looking at the miracle that John McCain helped create . ”
McCain has acknowledged that he does n’t know how to use a computer and can’t send e-mail , one of the BlackBerry ’s prime functions .
McCain ’s top aide held the device in his hands and told reporters that the Blackberry is the McCain miracle .
Part of the miracle is that McCain does n’t really know what the Blackberry is or does .
But , he created it anyway .
Behold , the McCain miracle :
Audio Filters - Theory and Practice
by Ethan Winer
This article first appeared in the August 1981 issue of Recording - engineer / producer magazine .
Read all about Ethan's
book , The Audio Expert .
PART 1 : FILTER THEORY
In a previous article I explained that capacitors are essentially frequency - dependant resistors .
This capacitive resistance , more properly called reactance , is at the heart of all active audio filters .
Before getting down to the nuts and bolts , let 's first review some filter basics using terms a recording engineer can readily understand .
One type of filter is the high - pass ( or low - cut ) shown schematically in Figure 1 , along with the resultant frequency response .
At some specified frequency , the capacitor 's impedance is equal to that of the resistor , and it is here that the response will be 3 dB. down .
If this frequency is 1 KHz. , then the filter is referred to as a 1 KHz .
high - pass .
Really , what could be easier ?
As the applied frequency is lowered , the output level continues to drop at a rate of 6 dB. per octave , or 20 dB. per decade ( factor of ten ) .
Obviously , filters can be built with sharper cutoffs , but to do this you must cascade several stages .
In the Popping P filter described later in this article , two stages are used , creating a 12 dB. per octave roll - off .
The low - pass filter , shown in Figure 2 , is constructed by transposing the resistor and capacitor .
Everything previously stated still applies , only now the output level goes down as the input frequency is raised , instead of as it is lowered .
A third kind of filter is the band - pass shown in Figure 3 .
The classic implementation is with a capacitor and inductor , as shown .
In this case , a range of frequencies is allowed to pass through the filter , and these are centered around - you guessed it - the center frequency .
This point of minimum attenuation occurs at a frequency for which the inductor 's impedance equals that of the capacitor , and can be achieved with a variety of values .
That is , if you halve the capacitance but then double the inductance , the frequency remains the same even though the ratio has been altered .
On a parametric equalizer , there is a control for varying bandwidth , or how far from the center frequency the boost and cut action extends .
When boosting highs on a broad setting , the effect is smooth and uncolored .
When using the narrow settings , however , the sound is very resonant like a wah - wah or synthesizer filter .
Although the bandwidth in this simple circuit can be changed by varying the ratio of the inductor to the capacitor , a much better approach is to use an op - amp to provide positive feedback .
Where negative feedback is used in circuits to lower distortion and flatten response , positive feedback reinforces the band - pass action giving the capability for extremely narrow bandwidths .
In the active filters shown later in this article , only capacitors are employed , in a combination high - pass / low - pass configuration .
Studio talk refers to bandwidth in terms of octaves or parts of an octave .
Design engineers , on the other hand , call this filter parameter Q , which stands for Quality .
A typical octave graphic equalizer has a Q of 1 on each of its control bands .
Notch filters used for eliminating hum might need a Q as high as 100 if adjacent frequencies are to be left untouched .
The filters described later in this article to isolate different hum frequencies have a Q of 10 .
Or more specifically , the center frequency is 10 times the number of Hz. contained within the passband ( those frequencies attenuated by an amount less than 3 dB . )
This means that for a 1 KHz .
filter , 100 cycles are encompassed between the - 3 dB. points , as shown in the illustration .
For a Q of 50 , a bandwidth of only 20 cycles are contained within these bounds .
It is important to point out that in a simple active band - pass filter , even though the bandwidth may be very narrow at the tuning point , eventually the response falls off at the usual 6 dB. per octave rate as the feedback contributes less and less .
A Q of 10 is sufficient for our purposes to effectively isolate each frequency , and yet not so severe as to require the use of 1 % tolerance components as would a higher - Q circuit .
Similar to the band - pass is the band - stop , which is also known as a notch filter .
Again , although a coil and capacitor can be used as shown in Figure 4 , most modern versions use an active design with capacitors and resistors only .
Naturally , the terms used for the band - pass filter apply in this case , and feedback continues to take the credit for high Q .
In a future article I will cover active filters in greater depth , and provide " cookbook " style formulas so you can design these circuits to suit your own needs .
In the meanwhile , the following pair of books may be of interest for the reader wanting to find out more about filter design :
1. Audio IC Op - Amp Applications , by W.G. Jung .
Howard W. Sams & Co. , 1978 .
2. IC Op - Amp Cookbook , by W.G. Jung .
Howard W. Sams & Co. , 1977 .
PART 2 : FILTER CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS : AN ANTI - POPPING FILTER
It was strictly amateur night as I rewound the tape for the twentieth time , and the lead singer tried " just one more take . "
Well , he finally did get a good one - that is , in tune at least most of the time - but the only problem was this big , fat popping P right in the middle of a verse .
Out of time and out of money ( not to mention out of talent ) , the group had little choice but to proceed to the mix , popping P and all .
I have always had it in the back of my mind to someday make the removal of popping Ps a priority pet project .
( Sorry . )
After all , there are de-essers for controlling excess sibilance ; why not a gadget that could detect and filter out these problem Ps ?
A limiter is unacceptable - you just get an enormous dropout - and while a low - cut filter can help in some cases , you 'd have to make it pretty darn thin sounding to eliminate a really bad pop .
Popping P's have been with us for as long as there have been microphones , and I 've heard from nobody that has come up with a satisfactory solution to the problem of removing them from a track after the fact .
THE SOLUTION
So I 'm thinking about all of this as I 'm starting the mixdown , when an idea suddenly came to me :
Why not try shelving the lows , but only for the duration of the pop ?
So , when I got to the offending place in the verse , I slammed the low - cut EQ knob to - 15 dB. , then quickly brought it back to flat .
The popping disappeared completely , and all of those present at the remix session agreed that the EQ was inaudible , just so long as I brought the knob back to flat fast enough .
At last , I had found an effective method ; now it simply remained to be automated .
The result is shown in Figure 5 .
[ These days you could bring the vocal track into an audio editor program , select just that part of the track with the popping P , and apply a low frequency shelf cut filter .
- EW , 7/30/99 ]
The heart of this device is a low - cut filter , only this one can be activated automatically , on command from the pop detector .
Identifying the plosive is not too difficult ; all we need to look for is significant low - frequency energy .
When a pop is detected , the filter is instantly engaged .
Then the low - end response fades back up to normal over a period of a few tenths of a second .
This single - timed release approach eliminates the distortion that is usually associated with a combination of fast release times and low - frequency signals .
Needless to say , it is essential that the response return to normal immediately following the offending P , if the filtering is to remain unobtrusive .
Referring to the schematic shown in Figure 5 , amplifier
Al is used at unity gain solely to isolate the filter and detector inputs from the outside world .
This is important because most active filters should be fed from a very low source impedance .
Were the input buffer not included , performance of the filters could vary depending on the output impedance of the preceding device .
The actual low - cut filtering is accomplished by the 0.1 uF .
capacitors in conjunction with the 390 ohm resistors .
Amplifiers A2 and A3 are also used for isolation , but in this case when coming out of the filters .
Automatic operation is realized by the 2N5457 FET 's voltage - controlled resistance .
When a negative voltage is applied to the gate , the resistance between source and drain is high .
But when this voltage is removed , the FET 's internal resistance drops dramatically .
This then causes the 390 ohm resistors to become essentially grounded , creating a severe reduction in low - end response .
( This filter is essentially the same as Figure 1 . )
A third FET , Q4 , is optional , and it drives an LED to indicate activation of the de-pop process .
IC op - amp A4 and its associated components comprise a 50 Hz. low - pass filter with an 18 dB. per octave cutoff slope .
This steep filtering action is required to ensure that only a popping P will trigger the unit .
The filter output is then sent to a pair of level detectors - A5 and A6 - one to sense each polarity .
If the signal below 50 Hz. ever reaches 0.7 Volts in either direction , one of these comparators will switch and energize Q1 .
Although A5 and A6 are conventional op - amps , they are operated without any negative feedback yielding an extremely high gain .
Therefore , the output does n't vary as with a normal linear amplifier - it is either full positive or full negative .
Hence , an input voltage can be compared to a reference , with even the tiniest difference in level being amplified essentially to infinity .
As a general rule of thumb when using comparators , if the plus input is more positive than the negative , the output is full positive .
And when the negative input is more positive , the output will be negative .
The FET gates and the 0.1 uF .
release capacitor are normally held at 7.5 Volts by the 10 k voltage - divider network .
When either comparator switches , Q1 is activated and instantly discharges the 0.1 uF .
capacitor and engages the low - cut filter .
The moment the pop goes away Q1 is turned off , allowing the capacitor to recharge thus restoring normal response .
It may be necessary to experiment with the value of the 470k release resistor if you plan to use a different type of FET .
Also , a P - channel device requires connecting the 10 K network to V+ instead of V - .
Op-amps
Al through A4 should be high performance types , such as the TLO74 quad .
A 1458 dual package is sufficient for the comparators , and nearly any PNP transistor will work as Q1 .
You might as well use good quality mylar capacitors throughout , since the slight increase in price is more than offset by the improved stability they offer .
All diodes are small signal types such as the 1N914 or 1N4148 , except of course the LED .
And while it is not always shown , every IC must have a 0.1 uF .
disk capacitor connected between ground and each of its power supply pins .
These caps should be located as close to the op-amps as possible .
HUM INJECTOR / FILTER
Another difficult problem exists when trying to filter out power - line hum , especially in the presence of music .
Often there is more than one offending frequency present , requiring several notch filters to be cascaded .
And if a musical note happens to be near one of those frequencies , then the note will be removed as well .
Let 's face it , it 's impossible to filter out 60 Hz.
hum without affecting a bass note at exactly the same frequency , is n't it ?
The answer is No , and what 's more , the " filter " shown in Figure 6 is so slick you do n't even have to pass the signal through it , thereby eliminating any chance of degrading the audio quality .
But before you conclude I 'm crazy , consider how a conventional notch filter works .
The audio signal is sent through a phase shift circuit that provides 180 degrees of shift at some specified frequency , relative to the input .
When the input and output of this circuit are combined , a null in the response is created at that frequency .
The phase - shifted signal is used to oppose the original input , and if the two levels are exactly equal the result is complete cancellation .
We 've all seen those brain teasers where because of preconditioned thinking , you tend to overlook an otherwise obvious solution to a problem .
In the case of canceling hum , who says the opposing frequency must be derived from the original signal ?
If we instead use a sample of the actual power line as the hum - bucking medium , we can exactly balance any hum in the program while allowing the music to remain untouched .
The only drawback to this approach is that it must be done in real time , so that the hum source and the hum cure will be synchronized .
This means that it wo n't work on tracks already recorded , but then why save for later what could be fixed now ?
Especially when it 's so easy to do .
Also , I suspect the biggest need for a device like this is in live sound reinforcement where there often is n't time to track down the source of hum .
Now let 's look at the actual hum filter circuit , whose schematic is shown in Figure 6 .
When I first began this project I analyzed the residual hum present in various pieces of outboard equipment .
By sweeping the frequency on a parametric equalizer , it was easy to audibly determine the major hum components .
Since most audio devices use full - wave rectification in their power supplies , it is not surprising that 120 Hz. was the most predominant frequency .
Also present , of course , were 60 Hz. , 180 Hz. , and 300 Hz. - the fundamental , third , and fifth harmonics .
The higher I swept the equalizer , the more the harmonics diminished , indicating that four stages would probably be sufficient .
Since the audio signal does not pass through this filter , some other method is needed to create the hum - canceling frequencies .
In this case , a 6.3 Volt center - tapped power transformer is used to furnish the 60 Hz. signal , though we still need to generate the harmonics .
The necessary distortion is provided here by the 1N4001 diode .
Four separate high - Q band - pass filters are then used to isolate each of the desired frequencies , and the component values for these filters are listed in Table 1 .
( Values for use with 50 Hz. power systems are shown in Table 2 . )
A variable phase shift circuit is also provided to ensure maximum rejection capability of the hum .
( This is particularly important when equalizers or other devices that affect phase are in the audio path . )
The filtered and phase shifted hum frequencies are finally combined through a series of 1 K resistors at the Output , and the composite signal is sent to the console to be mixed with the program material .
TABLE 1 : Component Values for 60 Hz. Hum Filter
Filter Hz. R1 R2 R3 C1 & C2 C3 60 270 K 1.2 K 560 K 0.1 uF . 0.27 uF . 120 150 K 680 ohm 270K 0.1 uF . 0.15 uF . 180 82 K 430 ohm 180K 0.1 uF . 0.1 uF. 300 56 K 270 ohm l00K 0.1 uF. 0.068 uF .
TABLE 2 : Component Values for 50 Hz. Hum Filter
Filter Hz. R1 R2 R3 C1 & C2 C3 50 330 K 1.6 K 620 K 0.1 uF . 0.33 uF . 100 160 K 820 ohm 300K 0.1 uF . 0.18 uF . 150 91 K 560 ohm 200K 0.1 uF . 0.12 uF . 250 68 K 330 ohm 120K 0.1 uF . 0.1 uF .
TABLE NOTES :
All filter components should be 5 % tolerance , although the value of phase shift capacitor C3 is less critical .
For C3 you can use the next larger size if the specified value is not available .
To save circuitry only one stage , or 0 - 180 degrees , is used .
Therefore it may be necessary to reverse the plug in the wall outlet .
Or , better yet , you could use a DPDT power switch with a center - off position , wired as shown in the diagram inset .
This scheme is commonly used for switching the polarity on guitar and bass amplifiers to minimize hum .
Once the unit is built and working , adjustment of the controls for hum elimination is relatively straight - forward : First , turn all four level controls and four phase controls to full counter - clockwise ( minimum ) setting .
Then , just to familiarize yourself with the sound of each hum element that you will be nulling out , advance the level controls one by one noting the difference , and then return them all to off .
Since 120 Hz. will probably be the worst offender , start by increasing the level for that frequency very slowly , until the 120 Hz .
hum component goes down in level , leaving the knob at the optimum point .
The 120 Hz phase control should also be adjusted for minimum hum at that frequency , then go back to the level pot and finish the job .
You should be able to completely eliminate all hum at this frequency in only two or three steps .
If the hum only goes up in level no matter how you set the controls , reverse the polarity switch on the wall plug and repeat the above steps .
Next , adjust the 60 Hz. frequency , followed by 180 Hz. and 300 Hz. until you are satisfied that these frequencies have been completely eliminated from the program source .
Once you use this device a few times , it will be easy to complete the entire process in under a minute or so .
Also , the unit puts out a healthy signal , so it should be mixed in with the program at a very low volume .
Otherwise , you 'll find yourself working the hum filter 's level pots near their minimum range , making adjustment more difficult than it should be .
Regulators in New Jersey on Friday awarded rights to build a huge offshore wind farm in the southern part of the state to Garden State Offshore Energy , a joint venture that includes P.S.E.G. Renewable Generation , a subsidiary of P.S.E.G. Global , a sister company of the state ’s largest utility .
The selection , which includes access of up to $ 19 million in state grants , is part of New Jersey ’s Energy Master Plan , which calls for 20 percent of the state ’s energy to come from renewable sources by 2020 .
It also comes on the heels of decisions by Delaware and Rhode Island to let energy companies install offshore wind farms .
Energy experts say that these approvals could prompt regulators in New York to support projects off the south shore of Long Island and New York City .
The proposal by Garden State Offshore Energy includes installing 96 turbines to produce as much as 346 megawatts of electricity , enough to power about tens of thousands of houses .
The turbines would be arranged in a rectangle about a half - mile long by one - third of a mile wide .
The project , which would cost more than $ 1 billion , would not start producing electricity until 2013 .
The turbines , though , would be between 16 and 20 miles off the coast of New Jersey ’s Atlantic and Ocean counties , and thus in much deeper water than other proposed projects .
Deepwater Wind , which will work with P.S.E.G to build the wind farm , said it can affordably build turbines in 100 feet of water with the same technology used to build oil and gas rigs in the Gulf of Mexico and other locations .
Because the wind blows more reliably during the day farther off shore , the company hopes to get better prices for the power it produces .
And by putting the turbines that far offshore , the company hopes to blunt opposition from environmentalists and residents who say that turbines diminish ocean views and damage wildlife .
“ People do n’t have to choose between clean energy and a clear view , ” said Nelson Garcez , the vice president of renewable generation at P.S.E.G .
Mr. Garcez said the deepwater turbines would produce enough power to help the company break even in about seven years .
The next step is for Garden State Offshore Energy to seek permits from state and federal agencies to build offshore .
The company will also have to get commitments from manufacturers to build the turbines , which would be assembled in New Jersey and could potentially create hundreds of new jobs .
The decision by New Jersey ’s Board of Public Utilities comes just over a week after the Long Island Power Authority and Con Edison said that they would study whether it is economically feasible to build a wind farm about 10 miles off the south shore of Queens .
In August , Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said the city would solicit proposals from companies interested in building offshore wind farms and placing turbines atop buildings in the city .
The projects being approved in neighboring states could increase the chances that offshore wind farms could also win approval in New York , where a vast majority of wind turbines are on land and upstate .
“ It ’s like a rising tide lifting all boats , ” said Peter Iwanowicz , the director of the New York State Climate Change Office in Albany .
“ More projects in the Northeast helps with public acceptance that we need more clean electrons and helps us guard against rising fossil fuel prices and water levels on the coast . ”
Cocaine has had a significant impact on popular music .
While booze is far more likely to result in sloppy work and an unsightly beer gut in middle age , coke leaves you wired enough to ensure that you will produce a whole lot of something , and thus ups the odds that you will actually produce something good .
Keith Richards may have fallen out of a tree in Fiji while out of his gourd on other than vitamin supplements , but he is what rock n’ roll is all about : debauchery .
And , while a sober Eric Clapton was quoted as saying , “ I hate listening to my old records , which I did stoned or drunk , ” he ’s alone in that camp as most fans of his music hate listening to anything that he ’s done straight .
Keith Richards ’ entire career , Neil Young ’s coked out performance at “ The Last Waltz ” , Stevie Nicks having built up such a tolerance to cocaine that she had to have it blown up her rectum to get a high ( this never happened , apparently , but is nonetheless one of the more entertaining urban legends ) , cocaine use is an integral part of the rock - star lifestyle .
It ’s what young boys dream about :
One day , if I practice enough and work on perfecting my skills as a singer - songwriter , I too will be able to snort cocaine off of the breasts of a vacant - eyed stripper whose name I ’ll forget before I ’m back on the tour bus and liquidating a savings account by mobile phone to settle debts with unsavory characters .
Here we have compiled a list of the Top 10 Cocaine Songs of all time — songs about , influenced by , and more than likely written on clouds of Peruvian marching powder :
10 Bales of Cocaine The Reverend Horton Heat
In this one , the good Reverend regales us with the modern day parable of a farmer out in his field pulling corn and carrots “ when two low - flying aeroplanes , ’ bout a hundred feet high / dropped a bunch o’ bales o’ somethin ’ , some hit me in the eye ” .
The farmer cuts the bales open and notices a mysterious powder inside .
Being a rube , for whom presumably white lightnin ’ is still the biggest thrill in town , he has no idea what it is and brings it to his “ Crazy Brother Joe ” : “ He sniffed it up and kicked his heels , said , ‘ Horton , that ’s some blow ! ’ ”
Our lucky farming friend then heads into Dallas , becomes a millionaire by selling his find , ditches his farm in Texas and buys another in Peru .
Think of it like the Bill Paxton movie “ A Simple Plan ” , only a whole lot happier and without Billy Bob Thornton in the role of a mouth - breather .
We can safely assume that at some later point in this farmer ’s life the drug dealers whose fortune he stole would have tracked him down and introduced him to the latest in Columbian necktie attire , however , for taking a different angle on the cocaine song and for its appreciation of the entrepreneurial spirit , we salute the Reverend Horton Heat and include “ Bales of Cocaine ” on our Top 10 Cocaine Songs of All Time list :
Bales of cocaine , fallin ’ from low - flyin ’ plane
I do n’t know who done dropped ’em , but I thank ’em just the same
Bales of cocaine , fallin’ like a foreign rain
My life changed completely by the low - flyin ’ planes
9 Lit up Buckcherry
This is a song that needs to wipe its nose before returning to the dinner table .
With two founding members who met in a tattoo parlor and bonded over their mutual love of AC / DC , Buckcherry exemplifies the type of hard rockin’ lifestyle that has enriched many a well - connected roadie .
A song meant more for the mosh - pit than for lyrical analysis , this one is interesting though for the number of places in which the narrator gets “ lit up ” .
They include : a plane , his couch , his bed , on a train and backstage somewhere with a groupie knocking , “ Crack the door for the curious girl cuz she ’s waitin’ she ’s been waitin ’ … ”
And fulfilling the age - old maxim that all bands who look like this will eventually do something that reminds one of Spinal Tap , we get a replay of the classic , “ It goes up to 11 ” bit of dialogue in the following bit of verse : “ I ’m in touch love , from this crutch / Well you ’re on ten but buddy I ’m on eleven ” .
“ I ’m on a plane With cocaine And yes I ’m all lit up again ”
8 My Michelle Guns ‘ n’ Roses
“ I do n’t do cocaine anymore .
Well , only occasionally , ” GNR guitarist Slash , 1992 .
Long before the band broke up and Axl Rose set about attempting to strangle whatever bit of fan support they had with the “ Chinese Democracy ” debacle , the Gunners were at the forefront of cocaine - fueled hard rock with Appetite For Destruction , and “ My Michelle ” was one of their best .
The Michelle in the song actually existed .
She knew the band and asked Axl to pen a tune for her .
She did not get “ Sweet Child Of Mine ” treatment .
This one tells a story of a hard - living woman whose “ daddy works in porno / Now that mommy ’s not around / She used to love her heroin / but now she ’s in the ground . ”
The song and the real - life story both have a happy ending , as , according to Slash ’s biography ( which would no doubt require a snort of something illicit to get through ) , Michelle has since moved across the country and cleaned up her act .
“ So you stay out late at night And you do your coke for free Drivin ’ your friends crazy With your life ’s insanity ”
7 That Smell Lynyrd Skynyrd
Though better known for penning that motet Sweet Home Alabama , heard if a case of Amstel Light , a $ 150 Yamaha guitar , a group of white people , or a campfire are within a 100 - yard radius , Skynyrd is also known for this thoroughly unpleasantly titled opus : ‘ What ’s that smell ? ’ being one of the worst questions you can ever hear uttered , along with ‘ Is anyone here a vegetarian ? ’
A well - worn refrain when it comes to the rock ‘ n ’ roll lifestyle , members of the band were killed by over - consumption , but in this case , it was of fuel , at least according to the National Transportation Safety Board , who determined this caused their plane to take a nosedive into a Mississippi forest .
This song references an earlier and less - killing crash involving guitarist Gary Rossington , whiskey , coke and an oak tree that would just not get out of the way .
“ Whiskey bottles , and brand new cars
Oak tree you ’re in my way
There ’s too much coke and too much smoke
Look what ’s going on inside you
6 Life in the Fast Lane The Eagles
With an obstructed view concert ticket to one of their performances costing in the range of your average eight - ball , The Eagles certainly know a thing or two about life in the fast lane , a song inspired by a road trip Glenn Frey took with a dealer named ‘ The Count ’ .
In ‘ Hotel California ’ , ( a song so ubiquitous you can be wandering the rugged mountains of northern Laos and hear a villager who ’s otherwise had no contact with modernity , humming a few bars ) there were ‘ mirrors were on the ceiling ’ , and in this song , their paean to hard - living , they served a dual purpose other than a means to admire your feather mullet and creepy mustache .
“ They threw outrageous parties , they paid heavenly bills
There were lines on the mirror , lines on her face ”
5 “ Casey Jones ” and “ Truckin ” the Grateful Dead
These Dead songs casually mention cocaine use as part of the average work day for those in two occupations — a train conductor and a trucker — and we ’re hoping this was more fantasy than fiction .
Truckers are already not the kind of people that most like to share the road with — their egos being inflated in proportion to their rigs and requiring no further boost from chemicals .
Cocaine use might , however , explain , how train conductors can crash something that sets out on a predetermined track .
The ‘ livin ’ on reds , vitamin C and cocaine ” lifestyle is unlikely to feature prominently in the health and wellness section of your local bookstore alongside “ You : On a Diet ” , or “ Train your Brain to Think like a Thin Person ” .
“ Driving that train , high on cocaine ,
Casey Jones is ready , watch your speed . ”
“ Livin ’ on reds , vitamin C , and cocaine
All a friend can say is ai n’t it a shame ? ”
4 Sticky Fingers album Rolling Stones
Pound for pound , or more accurately , ounce for ounce , “ Sticky Fingers ” is one of the most drug - addled albums ever released , with nearly half of the songs on it in some way referencing drugs either obliquely , or quite explicitly with heroin in Dead Flowers , morphine in Sister Morphine , or singing the praises of a nighttime bump in Moonlight Mile .
Sticky Fingers , along with Neil Young ’s “ Tonight ’s the Night ” are among the most depressing albums of the 1970s , and together make the Tom Waits song catalog sound like the collected works of the Village People by comparison .
“ Yeah , you got satin shoes
Yeah , you got plastic boots
Ya ’ll got cocaine eyes
Yeah , you got speed - freak jive ” “ Sweet cousin cocaine , lay your cool cool hand on my head
Ah , come on , sister morphine , you better make up my bed ” “ When the wind blows and the rain feels cold with a head full of snow , with a head full of snow ”
3 Cocaine Blues Bob Dylan
There are numerous songs out there that go by the name “ Cocaine Blues ” or a variation thereof , presumably because there was no shortage of real - life material on which to base such ditties .
We ’re slotting two of the more prominent in our third and second spots .
The first is a “ traditional ” song , which means that it ’s public domain and can therefore be burned , photocopied , recorded , dubbed over , mixed with farm animal sounds , and played over and over again on the street corner to the annoyance of everyone within 100 yards ( public noise ordinances notwithstanding ) — all with copyright - infringement impunity .
The Reverend Gary Davis , who , unlike Brother Horton Heat earlier in the list , actually was an ordained minister , laid down the definitive version of this one , and a young Bob Dylan added it to his repertoire .
This version takes us through some of the less pleasant aspects of cocaine use — hence the “ blues ” part — including :
Any pretense to romance going out the window :
You take Sally , an’ I ’ll take Sue ,
Ain’t nah difference between the two .
Cocaine all around my brain .
Unpleasant physical effects :
Hey baby , you better come here quick ,
This old cocaine ’ bout to make me sick .
Cocaine all around my brain .
And one quite bizarre veterinary notion :
Cocaine ’s for horses and it ’s not for men ,
Doctor said it kill you , but he did n’t say when .
Cocaine all around my brain .
2 Cocaine Blues Johnny Cash
The second of our public domain songs ( go ahead and record this one on YouTube using a butt kazoo and a ukulele for all the record companies care ) was first known by the far more ominous sounding name “ Transfusion Blues ” , but popularized as Cocaine Blues by none other than the Man in Black ( especially after Labor Day ) Johnny Cash .
This was one of the songs that Cash sang at Folsom Prison that no doubt had the guards ruining underwear while wondering whether they would soon have a riot on their hands .
This super - charged song tells the story of Willie Lee , a “ hack ” , which we presume means either a prison guard or cop , as a reporter for a schlock newspaper would n’t be as cool , who takes a shot of cocaine and shoots his cheating woman down .
He then flees to Mexico , but is apprehended , put before a jury of “ 12 honest men ” and sentenced to “ 99 years in the Folsom Pen ” .
By the end the convicted prisoner advises his fellows to stay off the cocaine , not to murder , mind you , but to avoid the cocaine ; he seems ok about the murdering your wife part .
The judge he smiled as he picked up his pen
99 years in the Folsom pen
99 years underneath that ground
I can’t forget the day I shot that bad bitch down
Come on you ’ve gotta listen unto me
lay off that whiskey and let that cocaine be
1 Cocaine J.J. Cale
Do n’t be fooled by Clapton ’s fatigued version , this gem penned by J.J. Cale ( a man to whom Slow Hand arguably owes his entire career ) is in our estimation , the definitive blizzard ditty .
Clapton is quoted on Wikipedia as having once said that “ Cocaine ” is actually an anti-cocaine song .
If you study it or look at it with a little bit of thought … from a distance … or as it goes by … it just sounds like a song about cocaine .
But in actual fact , it is quite cleverly anti-cocaine . ”
Being that Clapton did n’t write this song , this opinion is about as valuable as the answer you ’d get if you asked the Byrds what they were thinking when they came up with “ Mr. Tambourine Man ” .
Defending his position , Clapton mentions the lyric , “ If you wanna get down , down on the ground ; cocaine ” to demonstrate that the song is anti-coke .
He does n’t mention though that every other lyric in the song could feature in the text of a Colombian drug - runner ’s spring / fall catalogue :
If you want to hang out , you ’ve got to take her out , cocaine
She do n’t lie , she do n’t lie , she do n’t lie , cocaine
If you got bad news , you want to kick them blues , cocaine
When your day is done and you got to run , cocaine
She do n’t lie , she do n’t lie , she do n’t lie , cocaine
If your thing is gone and you want to ride on , cocaine
Dont forget this fact , you cant get it back , cocaine
She dont lie , she dont lie , she do n’t lie , cocaine
Honorable or dishonorable omissions : Never Change ( Jay - Z ) , Snowblind ( Black Sabbath ) , Cocaine ( The Game ) , No Thing On Me ( Curtis Mayfield ) , What A Waster ( The Libertines ) , Picture ( Kid Rock )
Contributor : Sharkguys
[ social_buttons ]
On Friday , presumptive GOP vice - presidential nominee Sarah Palin did an interview on CNBC that focused largely on American energy oil policy .
Most of the discussion was about drilling in ANWR and when Bartiromo asked about the specific steps Palin would take to mitigate environmental impacts , she answered by talking about how the naysayers and fear mongers did n’t get it , and that drilling was critical to Alaska ’s economy , essentially dodging the crux of the question , and alienating herself from the other 49 states .
I do n’t want you to get the idea that Bartiromo was tough , because she was n’t .
In fact , Bartiromo repeated Palin ’s assertion that ANWR ’s footprint would only be 2,000 acres on this past Sunday ’s Meet the Press four times – a claim that has been called out as a myth – as if she was a surrogate for the governor .
But what struck me most was not Palin ’s support for increased oil development in Alaska , but that she simultaneously criticized fear mongering tactics and employed them herself .
Maria Bartiromo :
“ LET ME GET YOUR THOUGHTS ON REALLY THE CONSEQUENCES .
WHAT THEN ARE THE MAJOR CONSEQUENCES OF DRILLING IN ANWR ?
I WAS READING A PIECE EARLIER THAT SAID , LOOK , IT WILL IMPACT THE BREEDING OF CARIBOU , THE BREEDING OF POLAR BEARS .
GIVE ME YOUR SENSE .
WHAT ARE THE CONSEQUENCES ? ”
Sarah Palin :
“ WELL , LET ’S LOOK AT LESSONS LEARNED OVER THE LAST 30 YEARS WHEN THE TRANSALASKA OIL PIPELINE WAS FINALLY ALLOWED TO BE BUILT AND THERE WERE THE THREATS THEN AND THE FEARS THAT THE CARIBOU HERDS WOULD DIMINISHAND DIE OFF .
NO , THE CARIBOU HERDS ARE ACTUALLY THRIVING .
THEY’RE FLOURISHING .
THERE HAVE NOT BEEN THE ADVERSE IMPACTS ON THE CARIBOU HERDS .
SO WE ANTICIPATE THE SAME THING AS WE TAP MORE ENERGY SUPPLIES UP ON THE NORTH SLOPE IN ANWR .
AND AS WE BUILD A NATURAL GAS PIPELINE ALSO THAT’S UNDER WAY AT THIS POINT .
WHEN YOU CONSIDER THE NAYSAYERS , THE FEAR MONGERS , 30 YEARS AGO BEFORE THE TRANSALASKA OIL PIPELINE WAS BUILT — AND REMEMBER , THAT PIPELINE HAS SUPPLIED 15 BILLION BARRELS OF OIL INTO OUR DOMESTIC SUPPLIES HERE IN AMERICA .
AND BY THE WAY , BIDEN , JOE BIDEN WAS ONE WHO VOTED AGAINST THAT TRANSALASKA OIL PIPELINE 30 YEARS AGO .
HE WAS FEARFUL OF ALLOWING RAMPED UP DOMESTIC SUPPLIES OF ENERGY EVEN THEN .
SO OF COURSE I FEAR THAT IF HE’S OF THE SAME MIND TODAY WE’RE IN A WORLD OF HURT THERE .
When Bartiromo pressed Palin ( and I use the term ‘ pressed ’ very loosely ) about what she would do to protect the environment , Palin did n’t really answer the question , in stead she talked about what would happen if we did n’t drill there .
Bartiromo :
HOW WILL YOU DO THAT ?
HOW WILL YOU PROTECT ALASKANS ’ HOMES , THEIR ENVIRONMENT ?
WHAT ARE YOU THINKING AS WE APPROACH THIS DEBATE WHERE ON THE ONE SIDE PEOPLE SAY DRILL , DRILL , DRILL , ON THE OTHER SIDE PEOPLE ARE SAYING LOOK , WE NEED TO KEEP THIS AREA PRISTINE ?
Palin :
“ WE NEED TO DRILL , DRILL , DRILL .
OTHERWISE , I CANNOT BELIEVE A DOMESTIC SOLUTION IS ANY PART OF A NATIONAL ENERGY POLICY IF THEY’RE NOT GOING TO LET ALASKANS DRILL ON OUR OWN LANDS AND ON FEDERAL LANDS WITHIN OUR OWN STATE .
AND IF A DOMESTIC SOLUTION ISN’T PART OF A NATIONAL ENERGY PLAN , THEN OUR NATION IS IN A WORLD OF HURT , WE’RE GOING TO CONTINUE TO BE RELIANT ON FOREIGN DANGEROUS REGIMES TO FEED OUR HUNGRY MARKETS … “ OUR NATION IS AT A CROSS - ROADS ALSO .
WE’D EITHER BETTER BE MAKING DECISIONS TO ALLOW THIS AMERICAN SUPPLY OF ENERGY TO BE TAPPED OR WE’RE GOING TO BECOME MORE AND MORE BEHOLDEN TO THESE FOREIGN REGIMES .
AND AGAIN , OUR NATION ’S GOING TO BE IN A WORLD OF HURT WHEN YOU TALK ABOUT NATIONAL SECURITY , WHEN YOU TALK ABOUT EVER REACHING POTENTIAL TOWARD ENERGY INDEPENDENCE , IF WE CANNOT IMPLEMENT A DOMESTIC SOLUTION FOR THIS NATIONAL ENERGY POLICY .
“ AND THIS IS ALSO WHAT KIND OF SCARES ME ABOUT BIDEN AND OBAMA ALSO , IS IT SEEMS TO BE ALMOST A NAIVE NOTION OF THEIRS THAT WE CAN AUTOMATICALLY JUST JUMP RIGHT INTO A RENEWABLE SUPPLY OF ENERGY TO FEED HUNGRY MARKETS ACROSS OUR NATION WHEN THESE RENEWABLES ARE NOT YET PROVEN TO BE ECONOMIC NOR RELIABLE .
WE’RE GOING TO BE IN A TRANSITION PERIOD FOR QUITE SOME TIME WHERE WE’RE GOING TO HAVE TO CONTINUE TO BE RELIANT ON CONVENTIONAL SOURCES OF ENERGY AS WE’RE WORKING ON THE RENEWABLES , AND WE CERTAINLY HAVE TO HEAD IN THAT DIRECTION ALSO .
BUT IT ’S GOT TO BE DOING EVERYTHING , EVERYTHING THAT WE CAN TO ALLOW THE DOMESTIC SUPPLIES , RENEWABLE AND NON - RENEWABLE , TO BE TAPPED , SOLUTIONS PLUGGED IN FROM BOTH THOSE ENDS , AND NOT JUST SKIP THE OIL AND THE GAS DEVELOPMENT AND THE COAL DEVELOPMENT ALSO THAT WE HAVE TO HAVE AS PART OF A COMPREHENSIVE PLAN .
IT ’S NAIVE TO THINK WE CAN GO RIGHT TO RENEWABLES AND THINK THAT’S EVER GOING TO WORK FOR OUR NATION TODAY AT THIS TIME . ”
So I think I ’m starting to get the Rovian posturing here ; when environmentalists raise important issues about the ecological impact of drilling in ANWR , they are fear mongers , but if others warn us about the threats of dangerous foreign regimes , and that we will be “ in a world of hurt , ” they are just patriotic Americans interested in our national security .
Related posts :
Main Applets
Graph Searching
Search is an important part of AI ; many problems can be cast as the problem of finding a path in a graph .
This graph - searching applet is designed to help you learn about different search strategies .
[ Help ] [ Bugs & Enhancements ]
Consistency Based CSP Solver
Constraint satisfaction problems ( CSPs ) are pervasive in AI problems .
A constraint satisfaction problem is the problem of assigning values to variables that satisfy some constraints .
This applet lets you investigate arc consistency and domain splitting with backtracking as ways to solve these problems .
[ Help ] [ Bugs & Enhancements ]
Stochastic Local Search Based CSP Solver
This applet is designed to help you learn another strategy for solving CSPs .
This applet demonstrates stochastic local search ( various mixes of hill climbing and random moves ) that walks through the space of total assignments trying to find an assignment with minimal error .
[ Help ] [ Bugs & Enhancements ]
Definite Clause Deduction
Every representation and reasoning system needs a proof procedure in order to be complete .
The purpose of this applet is to illustrate how the process of answer extraction within a knowledge base can be cast as a search problem .
The deduction applet uses a language similar to Prolog and demonstrates its goal solving procedures .
[ Help ] [ Bugs & Enhancements ]
Belief and Decision Networks
Belief networks ( also called Bayesian networks or causal networks ) are a representation for independence amongst random variables for probabilistic reasoning under uncertainty .
The purpose of this applet is to illustrate how probabilities are updated given new evidence in a belief network , and shows the details of how the variable elimination algorithm works .
[ Help ] [ Bugs & Enhancements ]
Decision Trees
Learning is the ability to improve one 's behaviour based on experience and represents an important element of computational intelligence .
Decision trees are a simple yet successful technique for supervised classification learning .
This applet demonstrates how to build a decision tree using a training data set and then use the tree to classify unseen examples in a test data set .
[ Help ] [ Bugs & Enhancements ]
Neural Networks
Inspired by neurons and their connections in the brain , neural networks are a representation used in machine learning .
After running the back - propagation learning algorithm on a given set of examples , the neural network can be used to predict outcomes for any set of input values .
[ Help ] [ Bugs & Enhancements ]
EPA has already approved two fuel waivers from volatility and reformulated gas requirements in the state
As the result of the disruption in the supply of fuel first caused by Hurricane Gustav , and now by Hurricane Ike , the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) is waiving certain special diesel fuel requirements that apply only in the state of Texas .
Responding to a state request received Sunday , EPA will allow the suspension of the Texas Low Emission Diesel ( TxLED ) requirements until Sept. 30 , 2008 .
Federal regulations for Ultra Low Sulfur Diesel ( ULSD ) fuel with a maximum sulfur content of 15 parts per million must , however , still be met .
The waiver should increase the supply of fuel across coastal Texas and help re-open closed gas stations in the region .
As a direct result of the storm , reports indicate that a degree of panic has already spread quickly amongst residents of coastal Texas who are itching to get home , but are having difficulty finding the fuel to do so .
The waiver was granted by EPA , in coordination with the Department of Energy , and will allow greater flexibility for fuel distribution systems in the affected areas .
Photo : eh3 k via flickr under a Creative Commons License
I do n’t think that I ’m alone with my anger and disgust as I watch yet another Wall Street collapse that was based on funny money and accounting games .
As Americablog commenter cowboyneok says , this is “ socialism for CEOs ” and hyper - capitalism for the poor .
Even now as we start hearing about the Freddie / Fannie implosion , the Times reports that “ while not necessarily in violation of accounting rules , had the effect of overstating the companies ’ capital resources and financial stability . ”
Then think back to previous Wall Street heroes such as Stanley O’Neal , Charles Prince and Angelo Mozilo who made hundreds of millions based on garbage that eventually had to be written down and taken off the books .
I ’d still like to know how fair that is and if McCain has an answer , please , do tell .
In the case of Freddie and Fannie , they pushed bad business out to show better numbers , thus boosting bonuses for the executives .
Congress thinks they ’re impressing us by calling these bums down to Washington and embarrassing them on TV .
Right .
Chuckled the first time , but looking for some action .
The US government has had to intervene to prop these companies up , providing them with incredibly cheap loans above the usual money and we ’ve even had to bailout Bear Stearns so the wealth JPMoganChase can buy them .
Extraordinary action by the government tells me that all bets are off .
We saved the CEO crowd and for what ?
To let them walk away with millions without question ?
Are you kidding ?
From the sound of the Freddie / Fannie talks it will be more of the same .
We can’t continue letting these executives get away with gaming the system and keeping their hundreds of millions .
Let them play the game just like the rest of us and if they win , let them prosper .
If they fail , let them fail .
Congress needs to move past their grandstanding on TV and appreciate how damned angry people are out there .
If Wall Street wants the upside of so - called capitalism , let them have it .
Attached to the upside comes the downside that they so rightly deserve , but Washington has helped them avoid all downside .
Downsides of this fake capitalism are somehow only dished out to those beneath the corporate boards .
Washington always throws up its hands and wonders how it can change this socialism - for - CEO situation but that ’s easy .
We got to this point via tax code changes that eliminate risk and we can change this the same way .
Quit coddling these executives and let them play by the same rules as everyone else .
Is this asking for too much ?
A bit of horserace commentary
So I hear ( via a prominent member of the sane Republican faction ) that the word on the right side of the street is that the Republican National Committee is about to pull the plug on its joint ads with the McCain campaign , and devote its resources instead to trying to save a couple of the senators who are at serious risk of losing their seats .
Now this is gossip , albeit of the high class variety ; take it with the requisite pinch of salt .
But it points to some real vulnerabilities in the McCain campaign ’s finances .
McCain ’s decision to opt for public funding has meant that he ’s had enormous difficulty competing with the Obama money raising machine .
He ’s been able to partly compensate by co-financing ads with the RNC ( this “ skirts the limits of the legislation that he himself co-wrote ” : http://www.democracy21.org/index.asp?Type=B_PR&SEC=%7BAC81D4FF-0476-4E28-B9B1-7619D271A334%7D&DE=%7B349C2D62-1860-4F9A-8FDB-B6F8F1BB864B%7D
but is just about legal ) .
This has kept him competitive in TV advertising , albeit still significantly outgunned .
But if the Republicans are as worried as they should be about the impending elections , there will be a _lot_ of calls on that money , and the RNC is going to have to make some tough choices .
Should it keep spending money on the presidential campaign in the hope that McCain will win despite the polls , or should it instead try to minimize the damage of a McCain defeat by doing its best to stop the Democrats from making big gains in the Senate ?
Decisions , decisions …
Think Again .
Jesse Jackson , Jr. Continues His Fight for a Constitutional Amendment ...
Mary Mancini Byon
8/6/2008 , 6:08 pm PT
Guest Blogged by Mary Mancini of the Uncounted Blog
For some reason our wild and crazy wig- wearing Founding Fathers did n't see the need to build the right to vote into the Constitution .
Instead , they decided to leave it up to the individual States to determine who , where , when , and how we vote .
Oh sure , some voting rights have been amended into the Constitution in the form of anti-discrimination prohibitions ( 15th , 19th , and 26th ) , but the fundamental and very human right of the franchise is nowhere to be found .
Zero. Zip. Nil. Nada .
Turns out that while election integrity activists have been busy fighting against systemic disenfranchisement , Rep. Jesse Jackson , Jr. , has been introducing House Joint Resolution 28 ( H.J. Res. 28 ) --- legislation calling for an amendment to the U.S. Constitution granting everyone the affirmative right to vote --- in every Congress since 2001 , noting that " It 's time to scrap the states ' rights - based system we have now , and place the right to vote alongside the constitutionally - protected right to free speech . "
Today , Rep. Jackson furthered his cause by releasing a statement to the press citing a new report by the Advancement Project ( which " details a dizzying array of Election Day meltdowns ) , as well as the documentary Uncounted : The New Math of American Elections ( which offers " evidence of how voting machines themselves can create problems " ) .
Both the report and the film , he says ...
... offer warnings about the fragile state of our electoral system .
They support what I 've been saying for years : Going to the polls --- which they 're doing today in states like Michigan and Tennessee --- does NOT mean you have the right to vote . "
After the momentary " Oh my God I forgot to vote and is n't that ironic ? " panic
I had after reading his quote - primary election day in Tennessee is Thursday , August 7th and not Tuesday ( but if you live in Michigan and you did n't vote yesterday you snoozed and loozed ... er , lost ) --- his misstatement really does prove his point , " Until we put [ the right to vote in the Constitution ] we will continue to have presidents selected by the Supreme Court , partisan officials crafting rules in their favor , and voters disenfranchised by political games or plain old sloppiness . "
Yeah , what he said .
What sloppy Tennessee election official mandated a Thursday primary election day ?!?
The most important part of the report , besides identifying concrete strategies for ultimately achieving the right to vote , is the very accurate observation that our current system contracts , rather than expands , the franchise .
Disenfranchisement is not anathema to the system - it 's part of it .
Cross-posted at the Uncounted Blog ...
==
Mary Mancini blogs on behalf of the documentary film Uncounted : The New Math of American Elections .
She lives in Tennessee and has not yet had her vote go uncounted in tomorrow 's state primary election .
WASILLA , Alaska 
In 2000 , Alaska lawmakers learned that rural police agencies had been billing rape victims or their insurance companies $ 500 to $ 1,200 for the costs of the forensic medical examinations used to gather evidence .
They quickly passed a law prohibiting the practice .
According to the sponsor , Democrat Eric Croft , the law was aimed in part at Wasilla , where now - Gov. Sarah Palin was mayor .
When it was signed , Wasilla 's police chief expressed displeasure .
WASILLA LIBRARY : Palin did not ban books as mayor
" In the past , we 've charged the cost of exams to the victims ' insurance company when possible , " then - chief Charlie Fannon told the Mat - Su Valley Frontiersman , the local newspaper .
" I just do n't want to see any more burden put on the taxpayer . "
Now that Palin is the Republican nominee for vice president , Democrats such as former Alaska governor Tony Knowles — who signed the rape - kit bill into law and was defeated by Palin in 2006 — are raising the issue to question Palin 's commitment to women 's issues and crime victims .
Palin appointed Fannon after firing his predecessor shortly after she took office in 1996 .
" In retrospect , I would have asked the female working - mother mayor of that town why her police chief was against this , " said Croft , the former Anchorage state representative .
Palin spokeswoman Maria Comella said in an e-mail that the governor " does not believe , nor has she ever believed , that rape victims should have to pay for an evidence - gathering test . "
" Gov. Palin 's position could not be more clear , " she said .
" To suggest otherwise is a deliberate misrepresentation of her commitment to supporting victims and bringing violent criminals to justice . "
Comella would not answer other questions , including when Palin learned of Wasilla 's policy or whether she tried to change it .
The campaign cited the governor 's record on domestic violence , including increasing funding for shelters .
Knowles criticized Palin to USA TODAY , and again Wednesday in a teleconference organized by Democrats .
" It seems like one of those pieces of legislation that you can't imagine it would ever have to be written , " he said .
Until the 2000 legislation , local law enforcement agencies in Alaska could pass along the cost of the exams , which are needed to obtain an attacker 's DNA evidence .
Rape victims in several areas of Alaska , including the Matanuska - Susitna Valley where Wasilla is , complained about being charged for the tests , victims ' advocate Lauree Hugonin , of the Alaska Network on Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault , told state House committees , records show .
In cases when insurance companies are billed , the victims pay a deductible .
Fannon told the Frontiersman that the tests would cost the department up to $ 14,000 per year .
He said he would rather force rapists to pay for the tests , not taxpayers .
Fannon , who is no longer police chief , could not be reached for comment Wednesday ; his home phone number has been disconnected .
It is not known how many rape victims in Wasilla were required to pay for some or all of the medical exams , but a legislative staffer who worked on the bill for Croft said it happened .
" It was more than a couple of cases , and it was standard practice in Wasilla , " Peggy Wilcox said , who now works for the Alaska Public Employees Association .
" If you were raped in Wasilla , this was going to happen to you . "
After calling Wasilla Mayor Dianne Keller for comment Tuesday , USA TODAY was instructed to submit a public records request , under which the city has 10 days to respond .
As of Wednesday , the city had not responded to a request for records reflecting Wasilla 's prior policy , including when it took effect and the cost to sexual assault victims .
In 2000 , there were 497 rapes reported in Alaska , FBI statistics show .
That 's a rate of 79.3 per 100,000 residents , the highest in the nation .
Nationally , victims ' advocates have for years reported scattered instances of rape victims being required to pay for their forensic tests , says Ilse Knecht of the National Center for Victims of Crime in Washington .
Those complaints have subsided somewhat after Congress in 2005 passed a law requiring states to provide rape exams free of charge or reimburse victims for the costs , says Knecht , whose group supported the provision .
" The reason we passed the legislation was that we saw it was prevalent enough to be a pretty considerable problem , " Knecht says .
" There are no other victims of crime that end up being billed for evidence collection . "
The Senate version of the legislation that included the rape - exam provision was sponsored by Sen. Joe Biden of Delaware , the Democratic vice presidential nominee .
Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama was one of 58 co-sponsors ; Republican presidential nominee John McCain was not .
Matt Kelley reported from Washington
Understanding Bash fork ( ) Bomb :( ) { :|:& } ; : code
: ( ) { :|:& } ; :
: ( ) { :|:& } ; :
/etc/security/limits.conf
ADVERTISEMENTS
WARNING !
These examples may crash your computer if executed .
These examples may crash your computer if executed .
Understanding :( ) { :|:& } ; : fork ( ) bomb code
Can you explain the following bash code or bash fork ( ) bomb code ?
The fork bomb is a form of denial - of - service ( DoS ) attack against a Linux or Unix - based system .
It makes use of the fork operation .
Theis nothing but a bash function .
This function get executed recursively .
It is often used by sysadmin to test user process limitations on server .
Linux process limits can be configured viaand PAM to avoid bash fork ( ) bomb .
Once a successful fork bomb has been activated in a system it may not be possible to resume normal operation without rebooting the system as the only solution to a fork bomb is to destroy all instances of it .
:() – Defined the function called : .
This function accepts no arguments .
The syntax for bash function is as follows :
foo ( ) { arg1 = $ 1 arg2 = $ 2 echo ' Bar .. ' # do_something on $ arg argument } foo( ) { arg1 = $ 1 arg2 = $ 2 echo ' Bar .. ' # do_something on $arg argument }
fork ( ) bomb is defined as follows :
:() { :|:& } ; :
:| : – Next it will call itself using programming technique called recursion and pipes the output to another call of the function ‘:’.
The worst part is function get called two times to bomb your system .
& – Puts the function call in the background so child cannot die at all and start eating system resources .
; – Terminate the function definition .
: – Call ( run ) the function aka set the fork ( ) bomb .
Here is more human readable code :
bomb ( ) { bomb | bomb & } ; bomb
Properly configured Linux / UNIX box should not go down when fork ( ) bomb sets off .
See the comment # 5 below for more fork bomb examples created in Perl , Windows XP ( batch ) and C .
Related : How to : Prevent a fork bomb by limiting user process under Linux .
Preventing fork bomb on Linux
Type the following ulimit command to find out the current maximum processes you can run on Linux :
ulimit -u
OR
ulimit -a
The number 128038 indicates that you can run 128038 processes .
To protect your Linux system from a fork bomb , you need to lower that number .
To limit your session to 5000 processes , use the following command
ulimit - S -u 5000
WARNING !
Please do n’t set ulimit numbers too low .
This will prevent you from working on your system .
Please do n’t set ulimit numbers too low .
This will prevent you from working on your system .
Now run fork bomb again :
: ( ) { :|:& } ; :
And you will see messages as follows :
bash : fork : Resource temporarily unavailable bash : fork : Resource temporarily unavailable bash : fork : Resource temporarily unavailable bash : fork : Resource temporarily unavailable bash : fork : Resource temporarily unavailable bash : fork : Resource temporarily unavailable bash : fork : Resource temporarily unavailable
You just avoided fork bomb on Linux .
Run the following pgrep command to see the current threads limit :
pgrep - wcu $ USER
Sample outputs :
5002
Absolutely Fabulous limos UK - Absolutely Fabulous have been hiring the latest model stretch limousines in London for over 10 years , and maintaining the very highest standards of excellence , luxury and reliability .
All of our luxury stretch limousines are fitted to the highest possible specification , ensuring that your limousine experience is unforgettable .
Inside , all feature multiple TVs , matched to DVD , CD and Surround , with full length bar , mirrored ceiling , fibre optic light displays and air conditioning to ensure a fun and comfortable journey .
The exteriors are also immaculate , and you will quickly realise that an Absolutely Fabulous limousine is not just any stretch limousine , it 's the only way to travel in London .
Make first impressions count with AbFab limos .
You do n’t have to be a movie star to hire an executive Absolutely Fabulous limousine , but after a
ride in one of our stretched cars you ’ll certainly feel like one .
So treat yourself to an Absolutely Fabulous car hire experience - Maybe a trip around the West End .
Your night out in London can be so much more with an
AbFab limousine .
For special occasions or just for the fun of it , we have the luxury transport you need .
We specialize in children 's parties .
Read more ...
Live out your dreams — AbFab limos .
For more information about our luxury transport ring 07956865574 or go to our new quotations page .
About us : AbFab limos are an exclusive and well - established limousine hire service based in Buckinghamshire .
Our star quality cars have had many celebrities cruising around London in style .
An AbFab
limousine can take you anywhere in London , or to most major UK destination in the height of
style and luxury .
At Absolutely Fabulous limousines we pride ourselves on our quality of service and product .
So treat your friends , treat your family , treat your loved ones
or treat yourself .
If you are in need of a quick quotation please phone 07956865574 rather than emailing us or completing the form on the quotation page .
In one of her more controversial appearances in the Wasilla church , Palin told a group of ministry students in June to pray that sending troops to Iraq was part of " God 's plan . "
In a speech this month at a deployment ceremony for her Iraq - bound soldier son , Palin called the conflict a " righteous cause . "
The linked article suggests that Palin 's political instincts kept her from translating some of her more controversial fundamentalist beliefs into policy .
That is hardly reassuring given the greater power she would wield as vice president , and potentially as president .
Douglas Wead misses the point when he asks : " Are we saying [ evangelical Christians ] can't participate in public life ? "
No .
We 're asking how , if at all , those beliefs shape the candidate 's view of appropriate public policy .
" It 's legitimate to ask questions about candidates who come from a fundamentalist environment with a black - and - white worldview , and want to know how it would affect their approach on all kinds of issues , " said Paul S. Boyer , a retired University of Wisconsin history professor who has written about the role of religious prophecy on public policy .
Palin can hold whatever religious beliefs make sense to her , but when those beliefs inform her view of public policy , it 's important to understand them .
We 've seen where a president with a " black and white worldview " takes the country .
Palin's belief that creationism should be taught in science classes , and that God has a plan for the United States to fight righteous wars against oil rich countries , demonstrates that Palin ( like George Bush ) is out of touch with a reasonable , mainstream approach to governance .
Published online 20 August 2008 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2008.1056
News
Suicidal Salmonella sacrifice themselves to allow their clones to get a foothold in the gut .
Bacteria can commit suicide to help their brethren establish more damaging infections — and scientists think that they can explain how this behaviour evolved .
Kamikaze bacteria can help their fellow colonists to thrive .
MICHAEL ABBEY / SCIENCE PHOTO LIBRARY
The phenomenon , called self - destructive cooperation , can help bacteria such as Salmonella typhimurium and Clostridium difficile to establish a stronghold in the gut .
By studying mice infected with S. typhimurium , researchers from Switzerland and Canada have now demonstrated how this ' kamikaze ' behaviour arose .
The team , led by Martin Ackermann of ETH Zurich in Switzerland , studied how S. typhimurium expresses the Type III secretion systems virulence factors ( TTSS - 1 ) that inflame the gut .
This eradicates intestinal microflora that would otherwise compete for resources — but also kills most of the S. typhimurium cells in the vicinity .
After this assault , the way is clear for remaining S. typhimurium to take advantage and further colonise the gut .
But in the middle of the gut cavity , or lumen , only about 15 % of the S. typhimurium population actually expresses TTSS - 1 .
In contrast , in the tissue of the gut wall , almost all bacteria express TTSS - 1 .
As more bacteria invade the tissue , gut inflammation increases and kills off the invaders ( especially those within the tissue ) - along with the other competing gut flora .
" We thought it was a very strange phenomenon , " says team member Wolf - Dietrich Hardt , also at ETH Zurich .
" The bacteria in the gut lumen are genetically identical , but some of them are prepared to sacrifice themselves for the greater good .
You could compare this act to Kamikaze fighter pilots of the Japanese army . "
Kamikaze genes
This self - destructive cooperation relies on the genes controlling this suicidal behaviour not always being expressed .
This ' phenotypic noise ' means that only a fraction express TTSS - 1 , allowing the kamikaze genes to persist in the population .
If every cell expressed the genes , they would all commit suicide , benefiting none of the population .
The team concluded that acts of self - destructive cooperation can arise , providing that the level of " public good " — in this case , the inflammation of the gut — is high enough .
Crucially , cooperative individuals must also benefit from other cooperative acts more often than individuals who are not cooperating , a situation the scientists call ' assortment ' .
In the case of gut bacteria , assortment can arise if the minimum number of pathogens required to infect a host is relatively small — as few as 100 cells , in cases such as Escherichia coli .
Change of strategy
The findings , published in Nature1 , chime well with long - established theories on the evolution of altruism and co-operation .
If a gene for sibling altruism is always expressed , it will tend to disappear , because those members of a clutch or litter who possess it may sacrifice themselves for those who do not .
However , if the gene is present but not always expressed , it can persist , because some of its carriers may survive to pass it on to subsequent generations .
The research could also aid the design of more potent strategies against pathogenic bacteria .
The Salmonella bacterium causes one of the most common bacterial infections in western countries , and is highly dangerous among the elderly and frail .
" There is no doubt that a vaccine for Salmonella in humans is needed , " says Hardt .
" And many strains infecting livestock are becoming resistant to antibiotics .
" But based on our results , I would suggest that the usual strategy of targeting the vaccine against a virulence factor might not be the best strategy , if only a small fraction of the bacteria express it . "
Did John McCain just make his first edge toward that ( hollow ) apology that Joe Klein says he ’ll never accept ?
( To be clear : Joe was referring to McCain ’s established pattern of engaging in sleazy or dishonest behavior knowing he can latter come back to the Washington bigs , moral hat in hand , for absolution . )
So after running the sleaziest and most dishonest campaign in modern presidential campaign history , now McCain ‘ regrets ’ the negativity .
Rosie.com
Saturday , Sept 13 , 2008
Rosie O’Donnell talks with William Rodriquez on her video blog on Sept. 11th .
This article was posted : Saturday , September 13 , 2008 at 3:50 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Jennifer and Greg Danylyshyn of Pasadena are conscientious parents .
They keep proper car seats in their used BMW , organic vegetables in the family diet and the pediatrician ’s number by the phone .
They do n’t have access to the group medical insurance offered by many employers .
She ’s a stay - at - home mom .
He ’s a self - employed music supervisor in the TV and film industry .
So they buy individual policies for each family member .
As careful consumers , they shopped for the best deals , weighed premium costs against benefits and always assumed they could keep their family covered .
Then last spring Blue Shield of California stunned them with a rejection notice .
Baby Ava , their happy , healthy 7 - pounder , was born with a minor hip joint misalignment .
Her pediatrician said it was nothing serious and probably temporary .
Advertisement
Still , Blue Shield declared the infant uninsurable .
The company foresaw extra doctor visits , “ the need for monitoring and an X - ray . ”
Ava ’s slight imperfection “ exceeds . . . eligibility criteria for acceptance , ” Blue Shield said .
“ I was enraged , baffled ; I just could not understand , ” recalled Jennifer , 36 .
The family ’s experience is symptomatic of the nation ’s healthcare crisis .
Ineligible for group insurance , millions of Americans are paying more for individual policies that offer less coverage and expose them to seemingly arbitrary exclusions and denials .
The health insurance system has become increasingly expensive and inaccessible .
It leaves patients responsible for bills they understood would be covered , squeezes doctors and hospitals , and tries to avoid even minuscule risks , such as providing coverage to a newborn with no serious illness .
Advertisement
At the heart of the problem is the clash between the cost of medical care and insurers ’ need to turn a profit .
Today , four publicly traded corporations -- WellPoint Inc. , UnitedHealth Group , Aetna Inc. and Cigna Corp. -- dominate the market , covering more than 85 million people , or almost half of all Americans with private insurance .
On Wall Street , they showcase their efforts to hold down expenses and maximize shareholder returns by excluding customers likely to need expensive care , including those with chronic diseases such as asthma and diabetes .
The companies lobby governments to take over responsibility for their sickest customers so they can reserve the healthiest ( and most profitable ) for themselves .
Meanwhile , insurance premiums are becoming a heavier burden on employers , many of which say that rising healthcare costs cut into their ability to compete and , in some cases , to survive .
Advertisement
As a result , the percentage of Americans covered by traditional group health insurance has steadily declined .
Nearly 46 million have no insurance at all .
Medical debt has become a leading cause of personal bankruptcy and a growth business for collection agencies .
Even some top insurance executives agree the system is inefficient and sometimes inhumane .
Bruce Bodaken , chief executive of Blue Shield of California , says that universal coverage is the answer .
Bodaken says government should mandate that everyone obtain health insurance and that insurers sell to all comers regardless of their health -- similar to a plan proposed by Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and defeated in the state Legislature last year .
Advertisement
The rationale of universal coverage , the norm in other industrialized countries , is that costs are manageable when everyone is covered because the risk pool includes the young and healthy to offset the older and sicker .
“ One of the basic goals of universal coverage should be to change the health coverage business from avoiding risk to balancing health risks and focusing primarily on quality , service and cost - effective delivery , ” Bodaken wrote recently in the policy journal Health Affairs .
In the absence of such a system , and with group coverage increasingly unavailable , more and more Americans are left to rely on individual health policies .
They are more expensive for all but the young and healthy and often provide fewer benefits .
They also are lightly regulated .
Unlike group plans , which must accept all qualified applicants and can’t base a member ’s premium on his or her medical history , individual plans in most states ( including California ) are free to cherry - pick the healthiest customers .
Advertisement
Insurers can reject applicants for even mild preexisting conditions .
People have been turned down for individual policies because they have hay fever , have suffered from jock itch or use common medicines such as cholesterol - lowering drugs , records and interviews show .
Even those lucky enough to have insurance are uncertain they can keep it or count on it in a crisis .
Sens .
Barack Obama and John McCain both have released proposals for curbing costs and broadening access to health coverage , but both presidential candidates would preserve the private insurance industry as the system ’s backbone .
--
Cherry - picking
Advertisement
During her pregnancy , Jennifer Danylyshyn ’s regular visits to her obstetrician were covered by her Blue Shield policy .
So was the delivery of Ava on March 24 .
The couple expected that Ava would be covered as a matter of course .
When the company rejected the baby because of the hip misalignment , her parents appealed with the help of their pediatrician .
“ Certainly , this cannot be a condition which warrants the denial of insurance benefits ; especially to this beautiful , healthy baby girl , ” wrote Dr. Stephanie A. Heller .
Blue Shield refused to budge .
Advertisement
Meanwhile , the Danylyshyns kept to their well - baby schedule .
Ava received her regular checkups , weigh - ins and vaccinations .
But the doctor bills went to the couple ’s two - bedroom Pasadena bungalow , not to Blue Shield .
Then , before Ava began to crawl , her joint problem corrected itself .
Presented with a clean bill of health from an orthopedic specialist , Blue Shield agreed to insure Ava -- after six months and more than $ 2,000 in unreimbursed care .
The insurer agreed to cover only Ava ’s future medical needs .
The tab for the care she had already received was her parents ’ responsibility .
Blue Shield spokesman Tom Epstein called Ava ’s case “ a good example of what ’s wrong with the current system and why it needs to be fixed . ”
Advertisement
Insurers insist that they ca n’t stay in business without excluding chronic disease sufferers , known in the industry as “ clinical train wrecks . ”
But companies in the individual market also want to avoid even marginal risk -- adopting a practice some insiders call “ hangnail underwriting . ”
Even nonprofits such as Blue Shield of California are obliged to follow prevailing market practices , lest they be swamped with the highest - cost customers .
“ That ’s the game , ” said Cindy Ehnes , director of the California Department of Managed Health Care .
Risk selection , she said , “ must be part of every insurer ’s strategy or else they potentially will get all the bad risk . ”
Such cherry - picking tripped up Pam Munter when she applied for individual coverage two years ago .
She had retired from a clinical psychology practice in Oregon and moved to California , where her insurance applications were rejected , one after another .
Advertisement
The reason : She takes Prevacid for gastroesophageal reflux disease .
It is a widely prescribed drug with annual sales exceeding $ 3 billion .
In Oregon , Munter paid $ 400 a month for health insurance .
In California , the only coverage she could get was through the state - run high - risk pool .
She paid $ 1,000 a month for a policy with a benefit limit of $ 75,000 a year , and was lucky to get it .
California often has a long waiting list for the high - risk pool .
Medicare came to Munter ’s rescue when she turned 65 .
Now she pays less than $ 250 a month .
--
Advertisement
Rejection and rescission
Rudy Rivas is on the front line of the healthcare system .
He sells medical insurance from a home office in Whittier and counsels customers at his kitchen table .
These days demand is high , but so are rejections .
On a recent day , he hung up the phone after talking to a woman in her 50s who had lost her job and her group health insurance coverage along with it .
He could n’t find an insurer willing to take her on because of a preexisting medical condition .
“ She ’s not indigent .
She owns her own house .
She does n’t qualify for Medi-Cal .
What can she do ? ” Rivas said .
“ This is a common call that we ’re having .
It ’s tough . ”
Advertisement
Rivas does n’t blame the insurers .
But he spends a lot of time explaining to clients the harsh realities of the individual market .
“ Insurance is about one thing -- adverse risk , ” Rivas said .
“ If I ’m a carrier and I started taking on people who are 5 - foot - 10 and over 265 pounds , I ’m going to get all the people who are overweight .
And I ca n’t keep my doors open that way . ”
Another way that insurers keep medical losses down is by jettisoning customers they say did not qualify for coverage in the first place .
Several insurance companies have established departments dedicated to reviewing the applications of customers who file costly medical claims .
The goal is to discover evidence that the clients failed to disclose preexisting conditions when they applied .
Insurers cite such omissions as grounds to cancel policies retroactively , a process known as rescission .
Advertisement
Health Net Inc. of Woodland Hills , a nationwide insurer with 6.7 million members , avoided spending $ 35.5 million by canceling the policies of about 1,600 California customers over six years , according to company documents disclosed last year by the Los Angeles Times .
The documents showed that Health Net paid bonuses to an employee based , in part , on how many policies of sick enrollees she canceled .
An arbitrator this year awarded $ 9 million to one Health Net customer -- a Gardena hair salon owner who was undergoing chemotherapy for breast cancer when her policy was canceled .
Public controversy , political pressure and legal challenges are forcing insurers to tread more carefully in rescinding policies .
However , rescission remains a powerful tool that the industry is fighting to retain .
“ Rescission . . . helps protect against fraud in the individual market , ” said Chris Ohman , president of the California Assn. of Health Plans .
Advertisement
--
Losing coverage
Sally Marrari thought she was covered when she was admitted to Cedars - Sinai Medical Center complaining of sharp pain and shortness of breath .
A few months earlier , she and her husband , Rick , who own an auto repair shop in Los Angeles , had taken out a family insurance policy .
She spent three days at Cedars - Sinai undergoing tests and was later diagnosed with lupus , a chronic , arthritis - like disease .
When the hospital ’s $ 25,000 bill came due in late 2006 , Anthem Blue Cross of California refused to pay -- and then rescinded Marrari ’s coverage .
Advertisement
“ They told me they canceled me because I was lying , ” recalled Marrari , 51 , of Playa del Rey .
After reviewing Marrari ’s application , Anthem said she had failed to report having taken an antidepressant years earlier .
The company said she also omitted mention of a digestive disorder , an iron deficiency and back pain .
Marrari said she did n’t know she had a digestive disorder or an iron deficiency when she filled out the application .
As for the back pain , she understood it to be a side effect from a hysterectomy , which she says she did list on her application .
Marrari said she took the antidepressant Prozac under a doctor ’s care after her father died a decade ago .
She stopped using the medication after a year .
Advertisement
“ They asked if I had mental problems , and I said no , which is true , ” she said .
“ I do n’t have mental problems . ”
Marrari , one of 6,000 Anthem Blue Cross of California customers who have lost coverage in recent years , is suing the insurer in an effort to have her policy reinstated .
Anthem declined to discuss her case .
Without insurance , Marrari ’s medical treatment has been expensive and intermittent .
She and her husband managed to pay the $ 25,000 bill from Cedars - Sinai , she said , and they have spent another $ 25,000 or more on her care , including an annual $ 1,000 scan to see whether fluid has built up around her heart , a risk with lupus .
Advertisement
She sought treatment in Mexico , borrowed money from her in - laws to pay for tests , and is compensating one specialist by repairing the doctor ’s vintage Porsche and giving it a new paint job .
Marrari says she can’t afford prescription pain medications so she simply lives with the pain .
Sometimes it becomes overwhelming .
One day last summer Marrari sought relief at the emergency room of St. John ’s Hospital in Santa Monica .
She got a bill for $ 10,000 .
“ I cried , ” she said .
“ I ’m trying to get them to reduce it . ”
--
Advertisement
Skimming the risk pool
Insurers trying to lure the healthiest and most profitable customers are devising cheap , stripped - down policies aimed at younger buyers .
Tonik , for example , offers a line of low - priced individual plans with deductibles as high as $ 5,000 a year .
It is a product of WellPoint Inc. , the parent of Anthem Blue Cross of California , and promises starting premiums as low as $ 74 a month .
The plan provides no maternity care , excludes most mental health coverage and is limited to generic drugs .
Advertisement
Tonik epitomizes policies aimed at “ young invincibles ” -- men ages 19 to 29 .
They are least prone to chronic diseases , rarely go in for checkups and typically do n’t have families .
All but the most serious medical claims are likely to fall short of Tonik ’s high deductibles .
WellPoint contends that such plans bolster the country ’s healthcare system by drawing in customers who otherwise might not buy any insurance .
But there are hidden costs to skimming the healthiest customers from the risk pool .
Those left behind pay more .
Or they go without insurance , meaning that taxpayers foot the bill for their care .
California Lt. Gov. John Garamendi said that 60 % of all deliveries in California were covered by Medi-Cal , the government health program for the indigent .
Advertisement
“ Why should we cover pregnant women ? ” asked Garamendi , a former state insurance commissioner .
“ Because the cost of an unhealthy child remains in the community .
Why is that ?
Because insurance companies have shed the risk . ”
--
‘ A matter of economics ’
Premiums on all forms of insurance have surged in recent years .
Between 2002 and 2007 , premiums rose 78 % , outpacing inflation ( 17 % ) and wages ( 19 % ) .
In the individual market , without an employer ’s subsidy , consumers bear the full cost of coverage .
Advertisement
Most states do n’t regulate how premiums are set .
As a result , women tend to pay more than men ( because they have higher medical expenses on average ) .
Rates also go up with age .
For many people older than 50 , premiums can rival mortgage or rent payments .
When Peter and Brenda Koerner of rural Pennsylvania , both in their 50s , could n’t afford individual policies , they gambled -- and prayed that their health and good luck would hold until Medicare kicked in .
The Koerners sell gifts and custom T - shirts at fairs and street festivals in northeastern Pennsylvania and in their store , Cosmos Crystal Shop , in Carbondale .
“ We ’ve been lucky playing the Russian roulette game with not having any health insurance and basically trying to be as careful as you can , ” Peter Koerner said .
Advertisement
One day about two years ago , he was using a hydraulic splitter to replenish the wood pile that heats their home .
Something slipped .
His left thumb was severed .
He tried to stop the bleeding with rubber bands , packed the amputated digit in ice to “ increase my chances of reattachment ” and got a neighbor to drive him to the local hospital .
Doctors in the emergency room cleaned and stitched the wound , but he would have to be airlifted to a bigger hospital for reattachment surgery .
Koerner loves working with his hands .
He is a trained goldsmith and silversmith , repairs his car and enjoys sculpting .
He knew he would miss his thumb .
But there were “ too many other bills to pay . ”
Advertisement
He left his thumb at the hospital .
“ It was plain a matter of economics , ” Koerner said .
“ I knew I could live without it . ”
--
lisa.girion@latimes.com
Advertisement
michael.hiltzik@latimes.com
--
Shedding risk
Three stories on the nation ’s health insurance crisis :
Advertisement
TODAY
Individual policies , often the only coverage available , are pricey and precarious .
WEDNESDAY
Seeking distance from medical risk , insurers branch out into banking .
Advertisement
THURSDAY
The battle of the bills -- doctors and hospitals fight insurers for their pay .
--
latimes.com /insurance
Advertisement
Share your experiences .
Posted by airsafe in Psychology on 05 16th , 2008 | 2 responses
You can have personal finance articles such as this one delivered directly to your email , automatically - Receive regular updates via email .
Alternatively , you can receive updates via your favorite RSS Reader - Alternatively , you can receive updates via your favorite RSS Reader - Receive regular updates via RSS Reader
A study in the May issue of Psychological Science looked at people ’s cognitive performance when they were feeling high or low in personal power .
Smith , Jostmann , Galinsky , and van Dijk randomly assigned participants to a low - power or high - power group and then tested their executive functions , processes in the brain that guide behavior according to one ’s goals and organize and sort information .
They found that people in the low - power group were less able to focus on their goals and to plan out strategies to meet them .
High - power participants were more efficient and made fewer mistakes , even though motivation and effort were the same between the two groups .
Smith et al. suggested that their findings have direct impact in the workplace –that empowered employees will also perform better–and demonstrates how hierarchies persist : the people in power do their tasks well , while the people without power do poorly and ca n’t become empowered .
This could also have social and economic implications .
We ’ll pass over the social aspect , but consider the impact this might have on your financial decisions .
If you do n’t know much about finances–and nobody starts out knowing a lot –you wo n’t feel empowered .
And if you do n’t feel empowered , you ’ll make mistakes , mistakes that could cost you money and peace of mind .
Some people say , “ I do n’t get investing , ” and let it go at that , but doing so could cause more problems than you might think .
When people feel likely to fail at something , they tend to stop trying and find an external source to blame , something like “ finances are too hard ” or “ it was n’t my fault , I never learned about this . ”
This is called self - handicapping : behavior that deliberately ( if subconsciously ) sets up oneself for failure in order to proactively find something else to blame for the failure .
The lesson here ?
Avoid unconsciously handicapping your financial future .
Empower yourself when it comes to finance .
Simple steps will give you a feeling of knowledge and control .
Ask experts .
Your banker and your stockbroker and even your employer ’s HR department ( in the case of 401 ks ) are there to help you learn more about your money and the things you can do about it .
Banks will sometimes offer seminars on the basics of investing and retirement funds .
Read .
The bookstores and libraries are awash in personal finance books .
The Internet is full of advice–good and bad–and sites to give you information and personal experiences .
Talk to the people you know .
Maybe your parents have a nice mutual fund .
Maybe your brother knows what buying margin means .
Maybe your best friend ’s sister tried credit card arbitrage and can explain where she went wrong .
The most important thing to remember is that feeling overwhelmed will cause you to make mistakes … and it ’s easy to correct .
Learn all you can .
Knowledge is power …and power is , apparently , a big part of proficiency .
Be Sociable , Share !
Tags : empowerment , Psychology , self - handicapping
em Where do I begin ?
A problem solving approach to teaching functional programming
Simon Thompson
Abstract
In Krzysztof Apt , Pieter Hartel , and Paul Klint , editors , First International Conference on Declarative Programming Languages in Education , pages 182-196 .
Springer - Verlag , September 1997 .
This paper introduces a problem solving method for teaching functional programming , based on Polya 's ` How To Solve It ' , an introductory investigation of mathematical method .
We first present the language independent version , and then show in particular how it applies to the development of programs in Haskell .
The method is illustrated by a sequence of examples and a larger case study .
Bibtex Record
@inproceedings {208 , author = { Simon Thompson} , title = {{em
Where do I begin ? }
{ A} problem solving approach to teaching functional programming} , month = { September} , year = { 1997} , pages = { 182-196} , keywords = {determinacy analysis , Craig interpolants} , note = {} , doi = {} , url = { http://www.cs.kent.ac.uk/pubs/1997/208}, booktitle = { First International Conference on Declarative Programming Languages in Education} , editor = { Krzysztof Apt and Pieter Hartel and Paul Klint} , publisher = { Springer - Verlag} , refereed = {yes} , }
1 Lay a hand towel out on a flat surface .
Be sure to orient it in the “ landscape ” position in front of you ( i.e. long sides up and down , short sides left and right ) .
2 Bring the left side of the towel across to the right side so that it is folded in half .
3 Fold the right side of the towel 3 / 4 of the way back over itself .
4 Fold the remaining 1/4 of the towel on the left - hand side back underneath itself .
Looking from the top down , the towel folds should all appear to be on either the left or right .
5 Grab the bottom corner of the top layer of towel .
6 Pull the corner upwards until you make a new nice triangle .
The top of the triangle should be a horizontal fold .
Once the triangle looks good , press it flat .
7 Repeat Steps 5 and 6 on other end of the towel .
These triangles will be the cat ’s ears .
Following up on the Ron Suskind bombshell in his new book , I think the Medal of Freedom winner , you know -- the Slam Dunk King -- would n't forget this kind of information .
SUSKIND : What we now know from this investigation is that a secret mission was conducted in which a British manager , intelligence agent , met with the head of Iraqi intelligence in a secret location in Amman , Jordan .
And what the Iraqi intelligence chief told the British - and essentially the Americans , because we 're all in this together - is that there were no WMD in Iraq .
And what that meant is that we knew everything that became so obvious by the summer after the invasion .
And the president made a decision essentially to ignore that intelligence ...
NPR : We have called key players in Ron Suskind 's account ... George Tenet says the Iraqi failed to persuade , and a White House spokesman adds that any information the Iraqi may have provided was , quote , " immaterial . "
Native plants are often recommended as ideal garden plants because they are uniquely suited to growing in their native area .
But since today ’s new plants are being bred to have all kinds of desirable qualities such as disease and pest resistance and clumping growing habits , is it really important to grow native plants ?
And how do I know what plants are native to my area anyway ?
What Is a Native Plant ?
Native plants are plants that evolved in the area .
Native plants grew naturally in an area before humans began to bring in outside plants to grow and farm .
Plant natives adapted to the climate and cultural conditions of an area and became part of the ecosystem .
That brings us to our next question : what is that area ?
Plants may be native to North America , but not necessarily native to every state in the U.S. Native plants can evolve in very specific sites , so that a plant native to the Acadia National Park area of Maine , but not near Portland .
There ’s even more ambiguity with plant natives when you consider that a plant can be native to very diverse climates .
For example , the Eastern Redbud is native to both Georgia and New York , but trees that have been growing in Georgia have adapted to Georgia ’s climate , not New York’s .
So ideally it would be best to know where the plants you are purchasing were grown .
In reality , most plants being offered are from large growers and farms and you may never be certain where your plant originated .
However , there ’s every reason to hope it will adapt .
Why Should I Garden With Native Plants ?
Well for starters , they take less work and resources .
Since native plants have spent centuries adapting to your garden ’s growing conditions , they are n’t going to need much in the way of supplemental fertilizer , spraying and winter mulching .
New cultivars often make similar claims , but they have n’t been tested everywhere and plant descriptions change , the longer they are on the market and grown in a wider range of conditions .
They may be able to take the winters in Zone 5 , but the relentless humidity of summer could do them in .
Even those that succeed will need a period of adjustment in your garden .
Native plants tend to be well behaved in the garden .
Plant natives are rarely invasive .
Having evolved within the community , they have natural predators that help to keep them in check .
It ’s hard to know that a new plant developed in Zone 6 wo n’t take off and become invasive in Zone 8 .
Local wildlife , birds , and butterflies have a relationship with your native plants .
They rely on them for food , shelter , and nesting .
Fun Fact Many butterflies and native flowering plants evolved together and are co-dependent .
Native plants provide butterflies with the nectar or foliage they need as caterpillars and adults .
Finally , native plants can be quite beautiful .
We often overlook the plants right under our nose , in favor of this year ’s new plant in town .
But garden favorites like coneflowers , coreopsis , and yarrow have all been developed from North American natives .
Do My Plant Natives Have to Be Native to My Town ?
My State ?
The more local you are in choosing native plants , the better your success rate will be when growing them .
However , we are gardening , not setting up a preserve .
So start by including a handful of plants native to your county or state and build from there .
Where Can I Find out What Plants Are Native to My Area ?
The easiest place to start is at your local Cooperative Extension .
They should be able to provide you with or point you to a native plant list for your area .
Small native plant nurseries are starting to pop up everywhere .
These nurseries are a great source for plant natives as well as gardening information specific to your area .
PlantNative has a state by state listing of native plant nurseries .
And always get your native plants from a reputable source .
This will help protect endangered species that are illegally harvested in the wild , as well as ensuring you are getting the plant you want and not an imposter .
” was very successful sowill make ‘s movie prequel which is the only way to extend a franchise that grossed $ 584 million worldwide .
His character was killed in the first film , after extracting a potential cure for the virus for the scattered but this news is great for fans – more adventures of younger Robert Neville .
Will Smith will reprise his role as scientist Robert Neville andwill return to direct .
The prequel will chronicle the final days of humanity in New York before a man-made virus caused a plague that left Smith ’s character the lone survivor among a mutated mob in the city .
The studio has setto write a script that is based on a detailed outline that was hatched over the past few months byand
The Voice of America plans to eliminate seven radio language services this year , reflecting the Bush administration 's emphasis on outreach to the Muslim world .
Among the cuts are the radio and TV broadcasts of the Russian service , along with radio broadcasts in Ukrainian , Serbian , Hindi , Macedonian , Bosnian and Georgian .
Critics blame the cuts on the hundreds of millions of dollars absorbed by Alhurra , the U.S. government - funded Arabic television news channel .
ProPublica has published tworeports on turmoil and waste at the network .
VOA employees have long been unhappy with the direction of the agency , which currently broadcasts in 45 languages .
More than a third of VOA employees , nearly 500 , signed a petition in 2004 protesting the " dismantling " of the agency .
The protest came after the creation of Alhurra and Radio Sawa , the Arab radio service that VOA employees say relies on popular music and entertainment at the expense of substantive news programming , VOA 's hallmark .
The services replaced VOA 's Arabic programming , which cost no more than $ 7 million a year .
That 's far less than the " huge boondoggle " of Radio Sawa and Alhurra , said Tim Shamble , president of the American Federation of Government Employees ( AFGE ) Local 1812 .
Alhurra and Radio Sawa have received nearly $ 500 million in U.S. taxpayer dollars since 2004 .
Tish King , a spokeswoman for Voice of America , said the language services cuts are the result of " painful decisions " that reflect a focus on " places where , based on research , we can be most effective . "
The administration has been seeking cuts to various language services for years , only to be rebuffed by Congress .
In 2006 , the administration 's proposed budget for the Broadcasting Board of Governors ( the agency that oversees Alhurra and VOA ) included reductions or eliminations in " non-war on terror related language services . "
When the 2007 budget proposed reductions to even more services , Congress stepped in and provided funding to prevent it .
Among the reductions sought that year were broadcasts in Tibetan by VOA and Radio Free Asia , another U.S. - backed effort .
A contingent of Tibetan monks visited Capitol Hill to lobby the House appropriations committee not to reduce the broadcasts , and ultimately the broadcasts were spared .
In fact , VOA and Radio Free Asia increased their broadcasts this spring in light of unrest in the country , King said .
She said the shift was just part of the " very dynamic " nature of international broadcasting .
" The fact that Tibet was originally scheduled to be reduced and is suddenly not on the chopping block is a good indication of why it's not a good idea to eliminate these languages , " said Myrna Whitworth , a 28 - year veteran and former acting director of VOA .
" You never know when they 'll be needed again .
The idea of totally eliminating these services does n't make any sense . "
This time around , however , King said Congress is on board with the cuts , which will be effective in September .
Matthew Dennis , a spokesman for Rep. Nita Lowey ( D - N.Y. ) , chairwoman of the appropriations subcommittee that oversees funding for the BBG , cautioned that the appropriations process for VOA funds has n't been finalized .
He stressed that the agency 's funding increased annually between 2006 and 2008 , although the administration 's proposed 2009 VOA budget is $ 185.6 million , about $ 10 million less than in 2008 .
King said the cuts do n't mean that U.S. broadcasts for the affected areas will disappear .
For instance , she said , Radio Free Europe will continue to broadcast in Georgia , and VOA will continue TV programming in Hindi even though radio broadcasts will cease .
Whitworth and other VOA veterans , however , argue that surrogates like Radio Free Europe and Radio Free Asia do not have the same journalistic standards as VOA .
King said those services provide " balanced news and information . "
Russia is a different animal .
The Russian government 's successful effort to squelch airing of VOA or Radio Free Europe material by radio or TV affiliates has made Russia " a really challenging market , " King said .
Given that VOA 's shortwave radio service had such a small audience -- just two percent -- she said broadcasting by Internet was the best option for VOA .
Shamble , the union representative for VOA employees , said that eliminating the shortwave broadcasts was precisely the wrong move , since they reach the country with little danger of being blocked .
Internet broadcasts are far more vulnerable , he said .
The Department of Mathematics offers an MS in Mathematics degree with emphases in pure math , applied math , statistics , and math education .
Or the Accelerated Master ’s Program , you can earn a BS and MS in 5 years .
As unwelcome as they are , higher gasoline prices do come with a plus side – fewer deaths from car accidents , says a researcher at the University of Alabama at Birmingham .
An analysis of yearly vehicle deaths compared to gas prices found death rates drop significantly as people slow down and drive less .
If gas remains at $ 4 a gallon or higher for a year or more , traffic deaths could drop by more than 1,000 per month nationwide , said Michael Morrisey , Ph.D. , director of UAB ’s Lister Hill Center for Health Policy and a co-author on the new findings .
“ It is remarkable to think that a percent change in gas prices can equal lives saved , which is what our data show , ” Morrisey said .
“ For every 10 percent rise in gas prices , fatalities are reduced by 2.3 percent .
The effects are even more dramatic for teen drivers . ”
The early results were presented in June at a health economist meeting in North Carolina .
A coauthor on report is David Grabowski , Ph.D. , of Harvard Medical School .
The research included death rates and gas - price changes from 1985 through 2006 , and the calculated percent reduction in fatalities can be extrapolated to 2008 and beyond , Morrisey said .
The results come after earlier research by the coauthors found lower gas prices have the opposite effect by wiping away many of lifesaving outcomes from the enactment of mandatory seatbelt laws , lower blood alcohol limits and graduated drivers licenses for youth .
The UAB - Harvard findings did show the more restrictive graduated license programs helped reduce traffic deaths by 24 percent among drivers aged 15 to 17 .
Source : University of Alabama at Birmingham
The O'Reilly Factor Interviews continue and in this segment BillO was into attacking the nasty comments on blogs , Ayers and Rev. Wright .
I thought Obama did a great job of debunking O'Reilly 's arguments and actually caught Bill flat footed when he went directly after FOX News and Sean Hannity for their hate based coverage of himself ..
Download no QT
( At the end of the interview .
Rough transcript )
There 's a whole bunch of stuff said on FOX about me that is completely biased .
Correct the record .
But I still do n't mind coming on your show just because there are a whole bunch of things may be said on this network that I completely disagree with , I do n't sort of assume that you have to take responsibilities for everything said on FOX News anymore than I would expect you to take responsibility for everything that is said on Daily Kos .
Think about it ,
That 's a hateful thing , ( Obama laughs ) FOX News is not hateful .
Some of our commentators may ...
If you were watching Sean Hannity consistently .. but he 's a commentator ...
That 's all these bloggers are , I 'm not making an excuse for them
We do find FOX news biased and hateful , but Obama would n't go there and pointed out their second biggest draw as evidence .
I find it interesting O'Reilly did n't defend Hannity at all .
He just called him a commentator .
FOX
News has an awful lot of commentators do n't you think ?
Obama could have named Tom Coburn as someone that he 's worked with from the far right but he did n't go there either .
Anyway , Obama is coming off very well on these segments overall .
As we are on a different time here in Europe , there is not much comment on yesterday ’s debate in the papers yet .
Only the Guardian ’s Michael Tomasky and The Times ’ Gerard Baker have commented as I am writing this , but they are both in the US and thus did n’t have to burn the midnight oil to watch the debate live .
While Tomasky is a little skeptical , Baker reluctantly calls the debate for Obama .
There will be more in Europe ’s newspapers tomorrow or later tonight , if other developments do n’t bury the discussion on the debate in a hurry .
Could happen .
So , what did I think ?
You wo n’t be surprised that I think Obama did the better job .
At the beginning both were more or less eloquently avoiding a succinct statement on the ongoing bailout discussions .
I was not surprised , this is an election campaign after all and I did n’t expect one of them to commit himself to a position .
In a way this does n’t matter anyway , because whatever deal they are going to agree upon in Washington , it will be most likely a done deal well before the election .
So everyone who wants to , will be able to see what Obama and McCain voted for , respectively , and cast their own vote with that in mind .
I did not understand the insistence .
The general principles on economy that Obama stated have been precise and well thought out and well delivered , if a little thin .
McCain was a little flustered there .
When the debate finally went to the original script , foreign policy , McCain was obviously on firmer ground .
He , however , never quite connected with the audience it seems .
The “ audience reaction tracker ” CNN used , never showed much approval for what he said .
Not the “ Democratic ” line , nor the “ Independent ” and not even the Republican line .
Obama seemed to do better here , too .
And that does n’t surprise me one bit .
If what I felt myself is any indication , McCain lost this debate to his poor manners .
See what I mean :
Listen closely to McCain here , some seconds into the tape he says something , that I ’d translate as “ Horseshit ” .
He looked as angry as he clearly was here many times and did n’t have much control .
Twice I caught him looking grim and then , when he realized the cameras were on him , he switched on a smile .
If Obama did n’t feel comfortable I did n’t realize it , he seemed perfectly at ease .
McCain was clearly angry and condescending .
While Obama was pointedly respectful , maybe a little overly polite .
Obama had the grace to acknowledge McCain ’s merits .
After an awkward moment at the beginning , he increasingly talked directly to McCain , tried to engage him , looked him in the eye and answered to his statements .
McCain did nothing of the sort .
He never once really looked at Obama , he reiterated that Obama , “ does n’t understand ” , “ does n’t get it ” .
An obvious play with an Obama camp talking point turned upside down , just like they did with the “ change ” meme .
I doubt it was effective , Obama too clearly had a firm grasp of the facts he presented .
Very noticeably , when McCain brought out his “ experience ” lines in that curious purring voice he uses for his excursions into personal history , the audience approval plummeted .
This was too clearly a well - studied delivery of overused lines to be credible .
It unbecomingly highlighted that McCain is definitely living in his glorious past .
The debate was not a firework of brilliance with fiery talk and witty exchanges , but on Obama ’s part a solid show of presidentiality .
On McCain ’s part , not so much .
There were no knock - out punches , I believe , but McCain would have needed one or two , so the debate clearly goes to Barack Obama .
: : : : : : : : : :
The unknown is just a question , we find the answers .
Getting an accurate diagnosis can be one of the most impactful experiences that you can have — especially if you 've been in search of that answer for a while .
We can help you get there .
about getting accurate answers
@XanderCrews : aww , that was kinda snarky .
I liked the review of Contracts I and II .
Seriously , I was almost inspired to bust out my casebook and start citing cases and statutes , hehe .
@mhlaxp : HAHAHAHAHA ..... no. ( but seriously , that was pretty hilarious . )
@robotaks : I dunno if I can agree that just because someone argues in text it 's somehow less effective than stating it out loud .
Maybe i'm biased because of law school ( yesh ! bringing it up twice in one post ! ) , but i've found writing to be more persuasive when done correctly .
But more than that , the ability to refer to his advice immediately while on your call , would be extremely helpful .
I mean , do n't get me wrong , it was n't a bad video .
He was very professional , but I just would 've appreciated having his points made in an easily readable format .
@sxr7171 : Dude , i totally agree re : news videos .
I hate when I see an interesting headline and then have to sit and watch some talking head .
I just wanna read my news , thankyaverymuch .
There 's a reason i check websites for news instead of watching it on tv :P
A Post By : Darren Rowse
SPLASH !
BANG !
WHIZ !
CRASH !
Today we present 13 high speed photography images for your viewing pleasure .
I ’ve you ’ve got some of your own – stop by our forum and share some of your shots there .
We ’ve included a few high speed photography books on the topic at the end of this post .
Do n’t miss out on future posts like this at DPS – become a DPS follower here
Learn How to Do it with these 5 High Speed Photography Books
PHP scripting is the key tool in the designing and creation of a dynamic and informative website .
The use of PHP script in website designing has exponentially increased the significance of PHP web hosting .
With the emerging need of PHP hosts , numerous web hosting companies have started offering PHP hosting services .
However finding a reliable and quality PHP host is a tricky affair .
PHP is one of the most powerful tool and is gaining popularity in online business environment .
A reliable and promising PHP hosting service is required if you choose to design your website with PHP scripting .
A credible PHP hosting provider will maximize the advantages of PHP scripting which include compatibility , resource friendliness , efficiency and support .
A reliable PHP hosting ensures a hassle - free use of PHP script and supports all the features you require as your PHP hosting solution .
PHP hosting service providers can be evaluated on various service and features like price , bandwidth , disk space , technical knowledge , customer support , reliability , efficiency , supported applications , database servers and many other crucial elements .
This is the first question you need to ask yourself when decide which PHP hosting plan to choose .
You can create a personal site to practice with web programs or need to share your video and photos with the rest of the world or you just developing a new branch in your large business to promote .
IDE Package feature makes the web application development in PHP much more comfortable .
Its features include :
Code Completion : helps the coder with a pop-up list of statements as well as required or optional parameters .
Formatting : Automatically indents code blocks to make the code easily readable .
Execution : runs the code
Debugging : generates error messages
Project and File Management : Group application files into projects
Platform(s ) : Microsoft Windows , Mac OS X , Linux
Framework Supported : Laravel and Symfony
Supported Languages : PHP , HTML , and JavaScript
Examples : PHPStorm , Netbeans , Aptana Studio , Eclipse , Visual Studio , ZendStudio
If you want to have small web site to boast of showing it to your friends , you can look for free web hosting packages .
It will be enough .
PHP hosting with MySQL database is necessary when you decide to create something more decent and serious .
Today you can choose PHP hosting for affordable price .
You should consider the following features listed :
Cost
Uptime
Storage space
Bandwidth
Scalability
Supported web programming languages , and other technical considerations
Security
PHP -FPM allows servers to execute scripts faster .
According to W3Techs , 30.6 % of web servers have NGINX .
Most host providers claim to have 24/7 customer support .
Make sure to contact them at night .
If you will be answered within 2 hours after your email has been sent , you can expect decent service .
PHP Web Hosting Service
Disk Space :
10 MB will be enough for small sized with static pages .
If you want to create some sophisticated web portal with plenty of video , photos , large community that needs forums and blogs as extra options to your main site content you should look for storage space more than 500 MB or just unlimited option .
Supported Domains :
Decide how many domain names and sub domains you need in the future .
The simplest hosting plans offer you just 1 domain to host .
Choosing among more advanced packages you can host from 5 domains up to unlimited websites within 1 hosting account .
Bandwidth :
Almost all web hosting companies promise you unlimited bandwidth .
Today you can find shared hosting as well as dedicated hosting and virtual hosting plans with unlimited features .
Read the reviews of other customers as well as the terms and conditions of the host you prefer .
Nothing else can help you better .
Database Support :
Intending to host several websites within the same hosting account you need to check how much MySQL databases are provided .
At least , their number should be equal to the quantity of sites you are going to develop .
You can find host plans with 5 MySQL , 100 MySQL or even unlimited MySQL databases offered .
Actually , unlimited MySQL databases are useless , but most business or e-commerce hosting plans with unlimited domains option offer you them .
So , why to refuse ?
SSL Support :
This technology guarantees secure connection between server and a client .
You can choose between shared or your own SSL certificate .
If you want to create e-commerce site with shopping cart , you need to ensure secure connection with your customers .
SSL provides secure transaction of encrypting sensitive information such as credit card and Social Security numbers to prevent identity theft .
Email Support :
Check such email features as auto responders , virus and spam filter , email forwarding , etc .
You also should pay attention to POP3 / IMAP Accounts offered that can range from 10/5 to Unlimited / 300 .
Think twice before choosing the hosting plan of your dreams .
CINCINNATI ( Reuters ) - A 90 - year - old Ohio woman , facing eviction from the home she has lived in for 38 years , shot and wounded herself this week , becoming a grim symbol of the U.S. home mortgage crisis .
Addie Polk was found lying on the floor of her home with what appeared to be a self - inflicted gunshot wound to her shoulder when police came to the home on Wednesday to serve an eviction notice , Akron police spokesman Lt. Rick Edwards said on Friday .
Polk survived the shooting and is being treated in a hospital .
It was the latest attempt by sheriff ’s deputies to evict Polk from her modest single - family home because she could not keep up with her mortgage .
“ It appears they ’re evicting her over her mortgage .
She ’s lived in the house , the neighbors said , something like 38 years and in the last couple of years fell prey to some predatory lending company or financial institution , ” Edwards said .
Local news reports said deputies had tried to serve Polk ’s eviction notice more than 30 times before Wednesday ’s shooting .
Home foreclosure rates are at record highs in the United States , in many cases because buyers with adjustable interest rates could not keep up with sharp increases in monthly payments .
The foreclosure crisis has sparked a wider housing market downturn and is at the heart of the U.S. financial crisis .
The latest and as they say one of the most ground - breaking versions of Mandriva Linux has been released as scheduled .
Mandriva Linux 2009 is jam - packed with exciting new features and innovations that will try to cater everyone ’s desktop needs .
I had fun with Mandriva 2008 , so I was really looking forward to this latest release .
Yesterday , I downloaded the KDE Live CD edition ( mandriva - one - 2009 - KDE4 - int - cdrom-i586.iso ) .
When the download was done a few hours later , I was excited - enough to immediately test - drive it via VMWare Server that was installed on my Xubuntu desktop .
So what makes Mandriva 2009 so special ?
What ’s not to like about it ?
Here ’s a little walkthrough , plus later on my initial impressions :
test machine specs
Installation
Once I have loaded the Live CD , a pleasant - looking artwork with transparency effect kicked - off my Mandriva 2009 experience .
Next , a familiar Grub menu will appear that will let you boot Mandriva 2009 straight away , or invoke other options .
This will be followed by language selection , license agreement , and date , clock , time zone , and keyboard settings .
After this , you will be immediately taken to the sleek KDE 4 ( specifically , 4.1.2 ) desktop .
You will have an option to take a Mandriva 2009 feature tour , or just go for the ‘ Live Install ’ .
Since I ’m all business , I went for the live installation .
A wizard will guide you for the whole installation process which was shall I say extremely straightforward .
It is much simpler than the previous version ’s installer , and I was really amazed at how easy it is to install Linux nowadays , even easier than installing Windows or Mac OS X .
After a flawless installation and first reboot , you will have to go through a post - install configuration such as location and network set - up .
For the network configuration , in my case the default option was always the best option , so I went on without any problem .
Lastly , you will need to fill - up the root ( administrator ) and user password .
Aside from utilizing a KDE 4 desktop , this latest version has a darker theme compared to the traditional Mandriva blue .
I must say the artworks are strikingly cool .
The default desktop theme is called Aya , but you can get plenty of great KDE 4 plasma themes if you do n’t fancy the default one .
Since I ’m already familiar with KDE 4 after having used openSUSE 11 , I had no trouble exploring Mandriva 2009 .
I tested some system tools and applications like the refurbished Control Center ( drakconf ) which was better than the previous version in terms of usability .
I also used the package manager , tried changing the themes via ‘ Desktop Settings ’ , and used several key desktop applications like Firefox 3.0.3 , OpenOffice.org 3.0 , Gimp 2.4.7 , and Amarok 1.90 .
By the way , Mandriva 2009 is loaded with up - to - date software packages , so there are plenty of goodies for everyone .
You can also read the release notes for more details .
The good :
The bad :
* I bumped into a few hiccups like when I changed the ‘ Menu Style ’ I experienced a minor crash , so I had to restart X .
* Though I think 512MB of RAM is enough , you will have to increase it if you want a snappier KDE 4 desktop .
Those are my observations so far since I ’ve only used Mandriva 2009 for a few hours .
I ’ll just post an update here soon after I get to know it better .
By the way , it ’s worth mentioning that Mandriva Linux 2009 has been optimized to support a wide variety of netbooks .
Anybody out there who have installed Mandriva 2009 on a netbook ?
To those who want to try out the latest edition of this highly - popular Linux distribution , you can visit the Mandriva Linux download page
Those are my observations so far since I ’ve only used Mandriva 2009 for a few hours .
I ’ll just post an update here soon after I get to know it better .
By the way , it ’s worth mentioning that Mandriva Linux 2009 has been optimized to support a wide variety of netbooks .
Anybody out there who have installed Mandriva 2009 on a netbook ?
To those who want to try out the latest edition of this highly - popular Linux distribution , you can visit the Mandriva Linux download page HERE
But first , myBoard : Intel Corporation D102GGC2 Processor : 3.40 GHz Intel Pentium DHard Drive : Samsung 80 GB ATA with 8GB allocated to VM diskMemory : 2GB DDR2 RAM with 512 MB allocated to VM memory Installing ... Success ... Now , it ’s time to play with my spanking Mandriva 2009 desktop .
Loading KDE 4 desktop ... KDE 4 Menu ... Brand new Control Center ... Installing package ... Firefox 3 ... Attack of the Plasmoids ... Shutting down ... So what are my initial impressions of Mandriva Linux 2009 ?*
It is very easy to install which makes it ideal for new - to - Linux users . *
It has sleek and professional - looking artworks and themes . *
It has a really quick boot - up speed *
It has a user - friendly and versatile Control Center * Solid KDE 4 integration
Lecture 1 - Background and Power Supply
This is a series of lectures written for those with mild electronics background ( aka Sophomore in Electrical and Computer Engineering ) to learn about the wild world of Embedded Electronics .
I assume only that you know what electricity is and that you 've touched an electrical component .
Everything else is spelled out as much as possible .
There is quite a lot here so take your time !
It is also my intention to get book - hardened EE 's students to put down the calculator and to plug in an LED .
Remember , if it smokes , at least you learned what not to do next time !
You can get all the parts for this lecture here .
Sorry for the confusion .
When these tutorials were written and photographed , we used the ATmega8 .
We now carry the newer ATmega328 .
You will find all ATmega328 information in the following pages , but the pictures will show an ATmega8 .
What 's a Microcontroller ?
You may know what an OR gate is .
An OR gate is a logic gate that takes two inputs and controls an output .
You may have played with these types of gates , even possibly a DIP packaged OR gate with 4 OR gates built into it .
This DIP package required a power pin and a ground pin .
Electricity flowed through the IC and allowed it to operate .
You may not be sure how the IC was built , but you understand that if you change the inputs , the output changes .
You can do this by tying the inputs to either power ( also known as VCC ) or ground ( GND ) .
You probably played with one of the DIP ICs in a breadboard .
If any of this is completely alien to you , do n't fret !
We 'll try to ease you into it .
A microcontroller is the same as an OR gate .
You have some inputs , you have outputs .
The crazy thing is that a micro runs code .
Machine code to be specific .
For instance , with a little bit of work , you can monitor the input of two pins A and B .
And based on those inputs , you can control an output pin C .
So to replicate an OR gate :
if ( A == 1 || B == 1 ) { C = 1 ; } else { C = 0 ; }
It 's C code !
You can code up all sorts of different applications , compile code , load it onto a micro , power the micro , and the code runs .
Very simple !
Microcontrollers are used in all the electronics you take for granted such as your microwave , TV remote , cell phone , mouse , printer , there 's over 150 microcontrollers embedded into new cars !
There 's one waiting for you to depress the brakes ( BRAKES == 1 ) and for the tires to lock up ( LOCK_UP == 1 ) .
When this happens , the micro releases the brakes , and you have ABS ( anti- lock brake system ) .
In the old days , microcontrollers were OTP or one - time - programmable meaning you could only program the micro once , test the code , and if your code did n't work , you threw it out and tried again .
Now micros are ' flash ' based meaning they have flash memory built inside that allows their code to be written and rewritten thousands of times .
I 've been programming micros for years and always burn out the microcontroller far before I hit the limit of flash programming cycles .
Flash micros are different than computers and RAM .
Computers require tons of power and components to get up and running .
Computers run HOT .
Computers take forever and a day to boot .
Micros are on and running code within milliseconds and if they 're warm enough you can feel heat coming off of them , something is very wrong and you 've probably blown the micro .
Oh - and micros cost about $ 2 .
Now back to that OR gate IC .
It had a bunch of pins , all dedicated to being either inputs or outputs of the various built - in OR gates ( 4 gates in one package = 8 inputs , 4 outputs , 2 power / gnd pins ) .
14 pins of fun .
Now with a micro , the most basic pin function is GPIO - general purpose input / output .
These GPIO pins can be configured as an input or an output .
Very cool .
Each input pin can be monitored and acted upon .
Example :
if ( PORTC.2 == 1 ) then do something ...
Each output pin can be pushed high or low .
Example :
while ( 1 ) {
RB3 = 1 ; delay_ms ( 1000 ) ; RB3 = 0 ; delay_ms ( 1000 ) ;
}
Guess what that code does ?
It toggles a pin high / low every 2 seconds .
Fancy right ?
This is the ' Hello World ' of the microcontroller world .
It seems trivial , but by god when you 've been trying to get a micro up and running after 5 hours of tearing your hair out and you see that LED blinking for the first time , it 's just glorious !
What types of microcontrollers are there and how do I get one blinking ?
Here 's a very shallow breakdown of the micros in my world :
PIC - This is the classic micro from Microchip .
Very simple , very proven , but it lacks many of the features that other mfg's are building into their chips .
This is a big deal for me .
I was a die - hard PIC person for years and I 've started to see the limits of PICs and the benefits of other micros !
AVR - This is basically a direct competitor of PICs .
They do everything a PIC does , but in my new opinion , better , faster , cheaper , and simpler .
MSP - These are very good micros by Texas Instruments ( TI ) , not as beefy as AVR or PICs .
However they truly excel at low - power applications .
More on this later , but imagine running a complete system on one AA battery for 5 years .
This is in the realm of nano - amp current consumption .
Crazy !
ARM - Why are all these three letters ?
I do n't know actually ...
ARMs are the new kids on the block and they are huge .
Very powerful , very low - cost , they are taking over the world but can be really intimidating if you 've never played with a micro before .
8051 - The ' 8051 core ' was the de facto standard in 8 - bit ( and 4 - bit ! ) microcontrollers .
Developed by Intel in the 1980s , it still seems to be the instruction set they love to teach you in college .
They are based on archaic , but field proven instruction sets .
Very old tech in my humble opinion , but these ICs have been significantly improved over the years ( now Flash based , ADC , SPI , etc. ) .
68HC08/11 - Another very common instruction set developed by Motorola .
Extremely popular , and a micro commonly taught at university , it 's the microcontroller I love to hate .
These original micros often lack on - board RAM and flash based memory .
Google any of these for more info .
I have chosen the ATmega168 as the learning IC of choice .
Why ?
20 MIPs ( million instructions per second ! ) is powerful enough to do some really cool projects
It 's cheap !
$ 2.13 currently
It 's got all the goodies under the hood ( UART , SPI , I2C , ADC , internal osc , PWM , kitchen sink , etc )
16 K of program memory is enough for almost any beginner project
The tools are free !
( C compilers for many of the other micros cost a lot of money )
The programming and debugging tools are low cost ( $ 20 will get you started )
With a little work and probably $ 40 worth of parts , you too can get an LED blinking .
As with any new hobby ( also known as a drug addiction ) , the extra cost of ' goodies ' can grow very quickly .
You want to play microcontrollers today ?
With any IC , you need to power the thing .
There are two power connections on basic micros : VCC and GND .
What the heck is VCC ?
This is the label for the positive voltage .
Do n't worry , after a few days of this , seeing ' VCC ' will become very normal .
GND is short for ground .
All electrical current needs a way to flow back to ground .
This can be called ' common ' but is often just labeled GND .
There are thousands of different micros out there , but 5V ( five volts ) is the typical VCC .
3.3V is also typical but you 'll also see 2.8V and 1.8V VCCs on more exotic micros .
For now , just worry about 5V and GND .
Where do I find this 5V ?
You can get all the parts for this lecture here .
You need to hook up 5V and GND to your micro .
Your house outlet runs at 110V AC ( or 220V for many countries ) .
AC = alternating current and is very bad for 5V DC ( direct current ) micros .
So you 'll need to convert the 110V AC from your outlet to a useable 5V DC .
Quick note :
If you reverse the connection on your micro - bad things happen .
Always make sure your 5V power supply is connected to the VCC pins and GND to GND .
If you reverse this and connect 5V to GND on the micro and GND to VCC on the micro , things wo n't explode , probably no smoke , things will probably heat up like crazy , and you 'll probably damage your $ 2 micro .
You probably will .
I did .
Many times .
Try not to do it .
Ok !
You need 5V .
Time to build a simple voltage regulator circuit !
You can buy something called a ' wall wart ' .
Do n't ask me why they call it that , ask google .
A wall wart takes a higher voltage and converts it to a lower voltage .
DO NOT assume a wall wart labeled ' 5 V ' will output 5V .
This is a major misconception - I know , I know , faulty advertising .
Just hook up your multimeter to the barrel plug and see what voltage you read .
Probably more like 8 or 9V .
This will kill your micro so keep reading !
For a more detailed explanation check out the Unregulated Power Supply Tutorial .
Let 's assume you are using a wall wart with an output of something nice like 9V .
Dandy .
Unfortunately this 9V output is rather noisy - meaning there is a lot of ripple .
Ok what does ripple mean ?
You want a DC voltage meaning you want a solid voltage ( the opposite of alternating ) .
A wall wart uses some cheap tricks to get 110V AC down to 9V DC .
So the DC signal coming out of the wall wart tends to alternate 100 - 500 mV .
Instead of a solid 9VDC , you see a signal that rises and falls between 8.5 and 9.5 volts .
This ' ripple ' can cause havoc with your system , and 9V is too high ( we need 5V ! ) so we need to pass 110V through this wall wart , and send the 9V through a regulator to get down to a clean 5V DC signal .
If this all sounds scary - do n't worry .
After you get your 5V power system built , you 'll wonder why you were scared in the first place ( it 's simple , I swear ) .
The most common regulator is called the LM7805 .
Why ?
I dunno .
I 've never actually touched a component with LM7805 stamped on the outside .
There 's always other letters stamped on the outside like ' LM7805 ' or ' LV78X05 ' or some such crazyiness .
Just know that there are many many manufacturers out there and they are all producing the same basic part , with small tweaks to each one .
What you need is one of these generic parts that is designated as a ' 5V linear regulator ' .
If you 're playing in a breadboard , you 'll also want it in the TO - 92 or TO - 220 package .
More about packages in a later lecture , just go with it for the moment .
You 've got your regulator in hand , you 've got the wall wart .
Time to connect them up .
Here you can see the ' pin - out ' of the LM7805 .
Say ' IGO ' in your head and commit this to memory ( input , ground , output ) .
You 'll probably hook up a lot of these .
When in doubt , always check the datasheet before hooking up a new part - or else be close to the on / off switch !
Input is the input voltage of anything greater than about 7 V .
GND is ground .
Output is the 5V output pin .
Your wall wart should have two wires .
One is 9V , the other is GND .
All grounds need to be connected together for current to flow across the system .
One more time - connect all grounds .
This is the # 2 reason why novii can't get a system to work .
For our breadboard , we will be inputting 9V ( or whatever transformer you 've got up to about 15V ) and outputting 0V ( GND ) and 5V to our breadboard rails .
We are going to go through a bunch of iterations of the power supply , adding parts as we go .
Shown above , we have a basic regulator configuration .
9V in , we should see a rough 5V on the output .
Schematic note :
The two ground pins are not shown connected .
We assume that nets ( the green wires ) of the same name are connected together .
Schematics can get big and complex , so you wo n't see all the wires together , but in your breadboard you need to connect all the GND pins together .
In this case it 's the GND wire from your wall wart connected to the GND pin on the regulator .
Cool .
But why does n't the multimeter read 5.000V ?
Electronics are not that good .
The cheap - o regulators are +/- 5 % tolerant meaning you 'll see between 5.25 and 4.75 V .
In practice , you should see between 5.1 and 4.9V with most run of the mill regulators .
You can of course spend many $ $ and get tighter tolerances but 5.1 - 4.9V will work fine for our purposes .
Now we should be worried about ripple .
There is noise coming in the input pin , the regulator tries hard , but some of that noise gets onto the output pin .
Your multimeter says 5.08 V , but that 's because it 's averaging many readings together and showing you only the average .
Do you know someone with a oscilloscope ?
If so , show them this tutorial and ask them to show you the noise on your 5V rail .
With no filtering caps , you could see as much as 200 mV of noise .
Whoa - what 's a filtering cap ?
Filtering capacitors are large bulky capacitors that help smooth out ripple .
There 've been lots of analogies about capacitors so here 's another one for ya :
Capacitors act like water tanks .
When your circuit pulls a bunch of water out of the system , the capacitor helps hold the voltage up temporarily until the power system can catch up .
For example : you may live in a city with water and water pressure .
If you take a shower you affect the pressure in the municipal water system ever so slightly .
If everyone turned on their shower and flushed every toilet in the city , odds are the water pressure would fluctuate quite a bit !
A big water tank helps minimize these pressure fluctuations .
A big cap helps minimize the voltage fluctuations on your breadboard .
Is this something you can see happen ?
Unfortunately not really .
You can probably run your system without filtering caps , but it 's not good engineering practice .
Give it a whirl without caps !
But when things do n't work , you 'll wonder if it 's the caps , or your code , or your timing , or maybe you blew out the sensor .
Too many unknowns will make you crazy .
My recommendation : just use a couple basic caps ...
100uF ( one - hundred micro farad ) on the input and 10uF on the output .
You will use a lot of 100uF and 10uF around power systems and you will eat 0.1 uF ( point one micro farad ) caps like candy around micros .
These two caps should smooth the input into the regulator and will smooth the output nicely .
Capacitors cannot deliver their stored energy instantaneously .
Larger caps ( 1ou F and 100uF ) store more energy , but they react more slowly .
The smaller the capacitor , the faster it can deliver its stored energy .
If you have a large power outage ( power dips for 10 - 100 ms ) , a big cap ( 100 uF to 1000 uF ) will help ' hold up ' the falling voltage .
A smaller cap ( 0.1 uF ) will help suppress higher frequency noise and shorter power dips ( noise in the 1us to 100us range ) .
Therefore , 0.1 uF caps are located near the microcontroller to help with short bursts , where 100uF and 10uF caps are used on the power rails .
Now you see the schematic symbol looks a bit odd .
What 's with + and curved lines ?
This schematic component is indicating that the 100uF and 10uF cap are polarized .
Oh jeebus , what 's that ?
Time for a capacitor breakdown :
Electrolytic caps :
These are larger caps capable of storing 10 uF to 1,000,000s of farads .
They are cheap and great for bulk capacitance .
They are polarized meaning there is a positive pin and a negative pin .
The cap has a minus ' -' sign on the cover indicating that pin needs to go to GND .
Ceramic caps :
These are the cheapest and most common cap you 'll play with on a breadboard .
They are NOT polarized so you can stick em in the breadboard any way you want .
Ceramic caps cannot handle as large of capacitance as electrolytics so you 'll need both on your breadboard system .
There are many more different kinds of capacitors but for the sake of your head exploding , we wo n't cover them here .
Okay - now you need to work through some logic here .
You know the positive part of the 100uF cap needs to be connected to the input pin , but only the negative pin is marked .
Yes it 's confusing - but you 'll get used to it .
Negative marked pin goes to ground , the other goes to the input pin .
What happens if you get them switched ?
Well here 's where things may go poof .
From the left : Bad , good , ugly
This is what happens when you over - voltage or reverse voltage a polarized capacitor .
The middle cap is normal .
The cap on the left , you can see the top is slightly raised up .
This is what happens when the electrolyte inside expands .
And the cap on the right shows us what happens when this pressure is so great , it busts through the metal top .
Notice the '+' imprinted into the tops of these caps ?
That imprint is there so that if the pressure does build up , the cap will fail like the unit on the right - rather than blowing the top half of the cap across the room .
This picture was taken from the inside of an old Gateway computer ( circa 1999 ) .
Gateway had used some ' marginal ' 1000 uF / 16 V capacitors .
The / 16V means they are rated to 16 V .
A 16V rating means they can withstand voltages up to 16 V but no more .
These caps were sitting on the 12V rail to smooth out the ripple but obviously they where failing .
Gateway was trying to save $ 0.50 by using a capacitor that was too close to the maximum .
Manufacturing is not perfect !
With any production run , the population of capacitors and their tolerance looks like a bell curve .
The majority of the 16V rated caps can withstand 16 V .
Some can 18V , even 22V !
But the tolerance bell curve goes both ways ; a small number of the capacitors rated at 16V will fail at 10V , some at 8 V .
You get a big enough ripple on the 12V line and you could pop the 16V rated cap .
This is why most engineers talk of ' de - rating ' capacitors .
If you have a 5V rail , you do not stick a 5V rated cap on the rail !
A good rule of thumb is to de-rate any capacitor by 50 % .
So a 12V cap is good to be used on 6V rail , 24V cap on a 12V rail , etc .
Guess what happens when an electrolytic cap fails like the ones above ?
They quit working .
In most cases , they ' fail safe ' meaning they wo n't work as a capacitor anymore but they wo n't short to ground .
The real fun begins when the failure is so bad that the internals fuse together and you get a short to ground - then you can have some fun melt downs !
In the case of this computer , the motherboard had all sorts of bad software failures because the power supply had too much ripple !
The big filtering caps on the power supply had failed so the 12V was all over the place .
Similar failures can happen if you reverse the polarization of the cap .
If the voltage is low ( less than around 25V ) the cap will probably just be damaged a bit .
If you 've got a vacuum bell sitting around and you want to really cause some damage , ask a trained professional to hook up 10 V cap backwards to 10,000V .
It should instantaneously blow up like a pop corn kernel .
For your power supply filtering caps , I recommend using a 25 V rated 100 uF cap ( 100u F / 25V ) on the input and a 10 uF / 10V cap on the output .
Engineers will tell you to ' derate ' the cap by 50 % meaning if the label says 100V do n't trust it past 50 V .
This is generally good practice .
Following this idea , our 100uF / 25V is good for inputs up to about 12.5V before we should worry that we may pop the electrolytes .
Again , not mandatory , just do n't expect a 5V rated cap to withstand a 9V input .
Back to our power supply !
Do n't worry about blowing things up just yet , you should be at low enough voltages you wo n't do any harm .
Again , if things heat up / smoke / spark , just unplug or turn off the system .
Speaking of turning things off - we need a power switch !
This will allow you to turn on / off the system .
Handy .
It can get really annoying pulling and inserting the power wires to power / kill your system .
Inside the small black enclosure , is a switch .
The switch has three pins .
It looks like a see - saw inside .
The center pin is always connected to the middle of the see - saw and as you slide the switch back and forth , the see - saw rocks up and down .
Slide the switch forward and the see - saw shorts from the center pin to the forward pin .
Slide the switch back and the see - saw disconnects from the forward pin and shorts to the rear pin .
We recommend you connect power to the center pin of the switch .
When you slide the switch forward , power will short to an unconnected pin and do nothing ( no power to your system ) .
Slide the switch back and the center power pin will short to the wire running into your regulator , delivering power to your system ( power on ! ) .
Remember all the warning about reversing VCC and GND and how that is bad ?
Well if you connect your power supply backwards , that 's bad .
So let 's protect ourselves !
That 's a diode ( marked D1 ) .
A diode lets current flow in one direction ( in the direction of the arrow ) and it blocks current from flowing in the opposite direction .
This will allow 9V to flow in the right direction , and if you accidentally hook your power supply up the wrong way , it will block current from flowing backwards and damaging your system .
Is it overkill ?
Pretty close .
But we always design them into our development boards because we do n't know what type of power supply you knuckleheads ( also known as our paying customers ) will plug on to our boards .
If you plug the wrong type of wall wart onto a board , we want to protect you from yourself .
There are some down sides to a protection diode :
All diodes have a voltage drop , meaning 9V on one side will drop to about 8.5V on the other .
So your 9V wall wart just became 8.5V .
Diodes have a current rating .
If you try to suck 1A ( 1 amp ) through a 0.1A ( one hundred mili-amp ) rated diode , the diode will quickly heat up and fail .
For reverse protection , we recommend a 1A 1N4001 diode .
These are dirt cheap and very common .
Note that diodes are polarized .
They have a direction that you need to pay attention to .
Many diodes have a band indicating the cathode .
What 's a cathode ?
Go google .
All you really need to know is that the line on the schematic part is the same as the line on the diode .
If you can't remember which is which , remember ' arrow is for anode ' .
Cheesy , yes .
So if you want to install this ' reverse protection diode ' , the 9V from your wall wart goes into the end of the diode without the band ( the anode ) .
The banded end ( cathode ) goes into your switch .
Your switch then goes into the input .
Throw the switch and you should see 5V on the output using your multimeter .
Nifty .
But I am tired of using my multimeter each time to check the 5V output .
There must be a better way !
Time to wire in the power LED .
Light emitting diodes ( LEDs ) are bits of silicon that light up when current flows through them .
Go google for the science .
As a general rule of thumb , LEDs can have 20 mA max current flowing through them before they begin to fail .
So if you hooked up your LED like in the above schematic , it would light up very bright for a split second and then burn out .
That 's cause the LED is a diode and the current will flow from the anode ( arrow ) to the cathode ( line ) to ground - uncontrolled !
The silicon will flow current at something like 1 amp for a split second and burn up .
To limit this current flow to 20 mA , we need Ohm 's law .
Yea , the book worms in the room suddenly perked up :
V = IR ( this is Ohm 's law )
If we have 5V , and we only want 20 mA flowing through the LED :
5V = 0.02 * R
R = 250 Ohm
Now this is not completely true because the LED has a forward voltage drop , but do n't worry too much about that .
Hooking up LEDs is very common with micros .
All you need to remember is that you 're going to need to limit the current .
The most basic way to do this is with a resistor .
220 Ohms will work ( LED will be brighter ) , 330 Ohm is also good ( LED a bit dimmer ) , 1 K ( 1000 ) will work as well .
220 , 330 , and 1 K are more common resistor values .
I highly recommend you get your hands dirty .
Hook up an LED to a 1 k resistor , then a 330 , then a 220 , 100 , 50 , then finally blow the thing up by hooking it with no resistor .
That was fun right ?
Good .
You had a back - up right ?
Once the bit of silicon inside the LED is burned out , it is no good and the LED can be thrown away .
Eagle schematic / PDF
Our final power supply circuit .
It seems like a lot of work , but once you set this up on your breadboard , you might never take it off .
This is the basis for all things micro .
The input voltage may change , the output voltage may change ( to 3.3V for example ) , but the basics are all there .
Flip the switch and you should have a nice 5V rail and an LED letting you know that everything is a - ok .
If the LED does not light up , that means that something else on the 5V rail is sucking so much current that the LED can not light up .
This is a very strong indicator something is wrong .
If you turn on your system and the Power LED does not turn on , immediately turn off the system and check your wiring .
You may be wondering if the resistor / LED order matters .
It does not .
The resistor can come first and then the LED or as shown .
Either configuration will correctly limit current through the LED .
If you think you may have blown up your LED then your LED will never turn on .
You may want to check your power system with a multimeter instead .
Good , you 've made it this far .
Now for some technical info about ripple / noise and why it 's bad .
If you 've got major ripple on your power rail , say 500 mV or more , this can cause your micro to latchup .
This means that it was running fine at 4.8V , but at 4.3V it 's not happy and will go into an unknown state .
When the rail returns to 4.8V ( because the ripple is bouncing the rail up and down ) , the micro goes from unknown to possibly latching up or freezing up .
This is pretty rare these days because the chip manufacturers have done a good job of internally protecting against this , but in general , ripple is bad .
Say you 've got 500 mV of ripple on your system and you 're doing analog to digital conversions off of a temperature sensor .
The temp sensor has an output pin that will output an analog voltage that will vary 100 mV for every 1 degree C. So at 25 degrees C ( room temperature ) the sensor will output 2500 mV or 2.5V .
If your micro is doing analog - to - digital conversions on this signal , it has to compare what it ' thinks ' is a solid power rail of 5V against this changing analog signal from the temperature sensor .
Well if your 5V ' solid ' rail has 500 mV of ripple , the micro does n't know this , and will report a regular 2.5V reading as varying between ~ 3.0V ( 3000 mV = 30C ) and ~ 2.0V ( 2000 mV = 20C ) .
This is wildly bad .
You need a good ' clean ' power rail if you are doing anything with analog signals .
Now some notes and photos on breadboards :
Go read Tom Igoe 's breakdown of the breadboard .
In short , the power rails ( the red / blue rows ) are connected internally .
The columns within the main area of the board are interconnected .
So you can insert a wire into one hole and it will be electrically connected to a neighboring hole ( vertical connections for the numbered columns , and horizontal connections for the blue / red power rails ) .
Historically , the blue rail or the horizontal row of holes next to the blue line is ' GND ' or ground .
You can connect all the ground pins of all your components to this rail .
Similarly , the red rail is for VCC .
In our case , this is 5 volts .
Power jack , switch , LM7805 , power LED
Here you can see power from the barrel jack being delivered to the slide switch , and then to the input pin of the v-reg .
When the switch is thrown to the on position , the yellow LED turns on .
I cheated a bit .
Do you see that odd thing in the upper right corner of the picture ?
That is my wall wart plugged into a DC barrel jack .
Most wall warts are terminated with a round connector called a ' barrel ' .
The outside metal sheath is ground , and the inside metal is 9V .
The two metal contacts are isolated .
The DC barrel jack accepts this wall wart barrel ( wall wart barrel slides into the jack with some friction to hold it in place ) .
I do n't like hacking the ends off power supplies and inserting the bare wires into a breadboard .
Having energized bare wires bothers me .
If the wires get pulled out of the breadboard because you kicked out the power cord , you 'll have some tense moments until you get the power brick unplugged .
So I soldered some short leads to the barrel jack so that I can plug / unplug my power cable from the breadboard .
Easier to transport .
See the orange wire at the end of the barrel jack ?
That pin inside the DC barrel jack connects to the center of the wall wart barrel .
The center of our wall wart barrel connectors are '+' or ' hot ' or ' 9 V ' , whatever you want to call it .
So the end of the DC barrel jack is soldered to an orange wiring meaning it is '+'.
This orange wire is then connected to the center pin of the power switch .
All ground connections are connected together .
You will see a small black wire underneath the DC barrel jack .
This is the pin that connects to the outside sheath of the wall wart barrel .
This is the ground connection on the wall wart .
This small black wire connects the ground of the wall wart to the ground on the breadboard .
I did not install a reverse protection diode .
I * only * use center positive power supplies so I know I 'm safe .
If you do anything similar , check your wall wart carefully with a multimeter before doing any testing .
Note : Our breadboard will have 5V and 0V rails .
The blue rail is GND ( considered 0V ) .
Red is VCC ( or called 5V ) .
Note on LEDs : LEDs are a polar device meaning you 've got to hook them up in the correct direction .
Light emitting diodes ( LED ) have a cathode and an anode .
How do you tell the difference ?
Imagine the schematic element :
An LED
Do you see the arrow ?
Do you see the flat line ?
A is for arrow .
A is for anode .
The physical LED will have a flat side corresponding to the flat line ( the cathode ) in the schematic picture .
And there you go !
When connecting an LED , you know that diodes only pass current in one direction ( from anode to cathode - in the direction of the arrow ! ) so the flat side of the LED needs to be connected to ground some how ( usually through a resistor first ) and the other side ( remember arrow ) is the anode and needs to be connected to power for current to flow .
If you hook it up backwards , it wo n't turn on , and you might damage the LED but probably not .
Just verify that you 've got 5V on the correct rail and then flip your LED around if need be .
Power supply with 10 uF and 100uF caps in place .
Note the polarization of the caps .
The larger 100uF cap is directly connected to the Input and GND pins of the v-reg .
The ' -' sign is connected to the ground pin .
The smaller 10uF is connected on the power rails .
The ' -' sign ( in white ) is connected to ground , the opposite leg is inserted into the ' +' rail .
The power LED is on !
Note :
The center pin of the wall transformer is connected to the red wire on the rear of the barrel jack .
This short wire is then routed by another wire to the slide switch .
Do not connect this center pin/9V source to the power rail on your breadboard !
The slide switch has three legs .
The center pin is considered the ' common ' pin .
If the switch is thrown to the right , there is a connection from the center pin to the right pin .
Slide it to the left and a connection to the left pin is made .
When dealing with power , we want the raw voltage ( 9V in our case ) delivered to the center pin of the switch .
When I slide the switch to the left ( as pictured above ) , current is allowed to flow from the center pin to the left pin and on to the voltage regulator .
When I slide the switch to the right , the center pin is connected to the right pin ( which is not connected to anything ) .
In this state , current does not flow anywhere and the breadboard remains powered down .
Voila !
We have a power switch .
Power LED is not lighting !
This picture is key .
When I initially wired up this circuit , I flipped the switch and the power LED did n't light .
That was VERY bad indicating there is a massive short somewhere .
Even the good guys screw up now and again .
Whip out your trusty multimeter and start probing in continuity mode .
Quick note : I highly recommend you purchase a multimeter with a ' continuity ' feature built in .
This mode allows you to ' tone ' out circuits .
In this mode , if you touch the two probes together , you should hear a tone indicating that there is a direct connection between one probe and the other ( obviously - you have them touching ! ) .
This feature is used countless times during trouble shooting .
In the above example , by probing from one GND rail to another , I noticed that I could not get a tone .
Therefore , there was a break in the circuit somewhere which lead me to realize the break is in the rails .
If you 've got a medium sized breadboard such as the one shown above , you 'll notice something horribly odd .
The various holes of the power rails are not connected !
The yellow lines show what holes are inter-connected and where the breaks occur .
There is a reason why the power rails are broken .
If you have a breadboard with multiple and different power rails , you cannot share them on the same row of holes .
So modern breadboards break the rails up so that you can isolate different parts of your circuit .
For example , if you were building a really complex design you may need to have 5V and 3.3V on the same board .
Because the rails are isolated from each other , you could just use various strips around your breadboard to be designed at 5V , 2.8V , etc .
For the purposes of this tutorial ( and for almost all breadboarding ) we assume that you 'll only be using 5V and GND .
Therefore , we need to use short jumper wires to interconnect all the isolated rails , forming one continuous 5V rail and one continuous GND rail .
When I first wired up my power supply , I only had the long black / red jumpers on the right side of the board , but did n't have the small jumpers in the middle of the rails .
Without these middle jumpers , only the bottom left rails ( next to the 5V supply ) actually have 5V and GND .
Since the LED is connected to the upper left power and ground rails , the LED never got power !
Therefore , you will probably need to use very short jumper wires ( and some long ones on the end ) to connect all the ' + ' rails ( 5V ) together and all the ' -' rails ( GND ) together .
Some additional nit-picky notes about breadboarding :
You wo n't listen to this rule .
Neither did I initially .
Use a few different colors of wire !
It 's really helpful to see where the power and gnd wires go if GND is black and 5V is red .
I wired 200 connections using only orange .
When things did n't work , it was hard to figure out where all the connections went .
Do n't worry about super - tight wires , and do n't use huge loops .
When cutting and stripping wire for breadboard connections , do n't spend exorbitant amounts of time making the wire perfectly flat .
It does n't matter .
That said , do n't use 9 " of wire when 1 " will do .
Make it clean .
The ' making things clean ' rule applies to LEDs , resistors , and crystals as well .
Clip the legs !
If you 've got OCD like I do , it can be hard to permanently alter a part in this way .
What if I need the legs to reach further away on a future project ?!
It 's ok .
Resistors cost $ 0.005 each .
If in the future , you need a resistor with full legs to reach from point A to point B , just get a new one .
It 's not worth having lots of exposed legs that could bend and short to other exposed legs .
Now with your power supply built up , turn your multimeter to voltage and check your board voltage by probing from the Blue rail ( 0V or GND ) and the red rail ( 5V or VCC ) .
Note :
To use a multimeter you need to use both probes .
Voltage refers to a potential .
Using only one probe will get you nothing because you have to compare something against something else .
In our world , we assume ground is 0V .
So touch your black probe to any ground connection .
Now you can measure the voltage on any other pin with the red probe .
In the picture below , the black probe is touching the ground rail ( 0V ) , and the red probe is touching the 5V rail - thus we are viewing what voltage is exposed on the red probe compared to ground .
If we put both probes on the 5V rail , the multimeter would show 0V because there is no difference in voltage between the probes .
Guess what happens when you push the black probe against the 5V rail and the red probe against the ground rail ?
The multimeter will show - 5V .
This is because the multimeter assumes the black probe is touching 0V .
There is still a difference of 5V between the probes so the multimeter shows - 5V .
4.98 V on the 5V rail
So you do n't have 5.000V .
Nothing in engineering is perfect .
If you 're within 100 mV you 're doing just fine .
These cheap - o voltage regulators are cheap for a reason - and we do n't need high - precision .
4.9V to 5.1V is just fine .
Congratulations !
You 've built up your very first breadboard !
Now leave this 5V power supply wired in your breadboard !
You are going to use it many times ...
A 500mA PTC
Quick Note : PTCs are your friend !
PTC = positive temperature coefficient .
Beginners will often create shorts or accidentally hook things up backwards .
A PTC ( also known as a thermistor ) is a device that will increase in resistance as current flows through it .
These PTCs can be designed so that at a certain current flow ( let 's say 500 mA ) , the resistance increases dramatically , thus limiting the current flow .
Basically , the PTC acts as a resettable fuse !
You will want to place this device in series , before your voltage regulator .
If your circuit draws more than 500 mA ( if you short power to ground for instance ) , the PTC will heat up and limit the current to 250 mA .
Once you remove the short , the current will drop back down , the PTC will cool off and the circuit will start operating normally again .
Very cool little component that has saved many of my designs from smoking .
This is how the PTC looks in circuit .
The PTC is wired in line .
As the current of the circuit flows through the PTC , it will trip if the current is too large , cutting off the rest of the system .
Beginning Embedded Electronics Tutorial Pages
We love feedback !
Please report typos , comments , or recommendations to spark@sparkfun.com .
Paul Graham is Wrong
I really enjoyed that essay by Paul Graham .
Paul Graham is an excellent writer and a very nice fellow .
But when he said that thing that made me look bad , I just had to draw the line .
For years , I ’ve been doing something and telling people I ’m doing it and then all of a sudden Paul Graham comes along and tells me it ’s a bad idea .
I think it ’s time to question his assumptions .
In his essay , Graham writes :
Most people in this situation typically do this thing .
But what if they did this other thing instead ?
This idea typically does n’t occur to them for that reason .
But if they did what I suggest , they ’d be like a metaphor instead of a simile .
Here ’s where Graham really goes off the rails .
What if we do n’t want to do what he suggests ?
Graham never considers that possibility .
He just assumes that he ’s right .
Once , in an interview , Graham was asked what he thought about this subject :
Q : What do you think of people doing that thing ?
Well , you know , historically people really have n’t done a lot of this thing and going forwards I see a lot more of this thing happening because the things that have stopped people from doing those things no longer exist .
This could really change things .
But this is absurd !
Just because people can do that thing now does n’t mean they ’re going to .
For too long , Paul Graham has gotten a free ride by saying things that disagree with people ’s prejudices in an informative and entertaining manner .
That was fine when all we had to do was link to his article and read it .
But this time he ’s gone too far : he ’s said something that might actually make me change how I behave .
And that ’s unacceptable .
gernika writes :
A satire worthy of Swift :)
Sencer explains :
Paul Graham has always written the way he has written .
That ( among real reasoning ) includes making assertions and peddling his own views as a kind of fact .
The same people that are applauding Graham for “ brilliant reasoning ” when he makes assertions that fit their world - view , criticize him for the absurdity of even making assertions , when they do n’t fit their world - view .
Not that they should n’t , but the inconsistency is just funny in an ironic kind of way . :)
In support :
I ’m so glad that someone stood up to him finally .
Some of what he says at such as about Amateurs is a bunch of bull crap . [ … ]
Paul Graham is not “ god ” and some of what he says really ought to not be left unchecked and thank you Aaron for having the guts to stand up to him .
In opposition :
err what is the point of this ?
You establishing a reputation and personality off the back of Paul Graham ?
Man , you ’re pretty shameless and petty .
You think you ’ve stumbled onto a gold landfill by realizing you do n’t agree with Graham ?
How many millions of people have read a paul graham essay ? [… ]
Graham backs up his word with some good thought and informed opinions .
YOU ??? what do you base it on ?
the need to get noticed ?
You should follow me on twitter here .
September 21 , 2005
