Light is one of the conditions which humans require since their origin .
Millions of people around the world are switching to LED lights to cut down drastically on electricity bills and do their bit for the planet .
LEDs are the new and better alternative to incandescent and CFL bulbs .
Compared to CFLs they ’re long - lasting and [ … ]
Ten charities are competing and campaigning for online votes from Facebook members , with the final tally determining which nonprofits deserve the biggest slices of $ 3 million from Minneapolis - based Target .
Bullseye Gives is a two - week - long giving campaign that started Sunday and runs through May 25 .
Target , long known for giving a portion of its sales to charity , is asking Facebook members to visit www.facebook.com/Target and help decide how the 10 national charities will divide the retail giant 's $ 3 million in weekly charitable giving .
Those 10 charities are : the American Red Cross , the National Park Foundation , the Breast Cancer Research Foundation , Operation Gratitude , Feeding America , the Parent Teacher Association , HandsOn Network / Points of Light Institute , the St. Jude Children 's Research Hospital , the Kids In Need Foundation and the Salvation Army .
The larger the percentage of votes , the more each organization gets out of the $ 3 million .
Voting returns and dollars allocated will be updated in real time at www.facebook.com/Target.
Site visitors can vote once per day , every day throughout the contest .
Final results will be announced May 26 .
The roster of 10 was built in order to offer the public a variety of charity sizes , a varying levels of reach and a broad scope of missions they pursue , said Target spokeswoman Kelly Basgen .
Some of the 10 already have a relationship with Target , but the money raised in this effort " will be above and beyond " what those charities typically receive , Basgen said .
The Salvation Army 's national spokeswoman said that accepting Target 's offer to be one of the 10 charities was " a no-brainer . "
The fake rolex submariner is one of the most popular watches on the planet .
And it is loved by almost all watch lovers , not to mention the Rolex replica collection .
In fact , if you want to try and snatch a brand new submariner , you will have to wait anywhere between one and four years , depending on the model .
Fortunately , there are many options in the secondary market that make it easier and faster to get one of these iconic diving watches .
But once you start screening all the references , materials and designs , it 's easy to start wondering why such a huge price gap is working .
Here , I want to analyze the two distinct ends of the Fake Rolex Submariner spectrum - an affordable , still good - looking $ 10,000 submariner and an old model worth more than $ 100,000 .
So , what makes the Rolex submariner worth $ 10,000 or $ 100,000 ?
In addition to being one of the most popular Rolex Replica Watch models , submariners have a long and rich history .
First released in 1953 as a Rolex 6204 reference edition , this watch has evolved over the past 60 years , including many design changes , making it one of the most aesthetically pleasing watches in the Rolex product line .
Why Choose Copy Rolex Submariner Watches ?
Therefore , when we look at the 10 k reference 16613 ( 2006 - 2007 series year ) , we automatically know that it is a new generation model .
The famous stainless steel and gold two - tone Rolex Submariner Replicas were not released until 1984 , so the modern 16613 displayed here does not have any real birth , which can increase its value .
You know those timepieces come from the replica watches uk boutique .
Although , compared to the old submariner 16613 watch , this watch made at the end of the reference production does have more value .
Since reference 16613 has not yet reached the year state ( where older may push up the price ) , newer versions like this are actually more valuable here .
Then refer to the 6538 submariner , which is worth at least $ 100,000 ( although some examples of this reference already know to sell much ) .
At first glance , some of the differences immediately appeared because reference 6538 was smaller in size and had no crown guards on either side of its oversized winding crown .
The swiss submariner 6538 was produced only a few years in the late 1950s and produced relatively few reference 6538 replica watches due to short production times .
In addition , many reference 6538 submariner watches are roughly processed ( more tools than luxury items ) , which further reduces the number that still exists .
Among other things , this is Sean Connery 's reference to the 6538 submariner in the original James Bond movie , which helped make the 6538 one of the most desirable submariners in history .
When it comes to rolex submariner replica there are three different casing and bracelet materials - 904L stainless steel , two - tone stainless steel and 18 k yellow gold , and solid 18 k gold ( yellow or white ) itself .
The stainless steel model is the low end of the price range , and the two - tone model is the mid-range of the 16613 .
However , this material is only part of the overall situation here .
While gold is more valuable in nature , the details of Swiss Replica Watches that truly define the value of any copy watch , including the Rolex submariners , are of origin and rarity .
For example , although reference 6538 is only stainless steel , the simple fact is that it is an old - fashioned " former crown " reference drive that costs much higher than the modern solid gold submariner you pay , not to mention 16613 .
However , in addition to the rare wine references , as a general rule of thumb for retail and secondary markets , you can pay more for any gold in it - including a Sub .
Anyway , you can buy them from the replica watches UK store .
It 's about origin and small details , things really get interesting .
The current iteration of the copy Rolex submariner was first introduced about 20 years ago , and all the examples made since then are almost identical .
Compared to reference table 6538 , although the reference table has only been produced for several years , it is also equipped with chronograph certification and non-chronometer certified movements , as well as a wide range of dial changes .
Are The Replica Watches Still Popular Now ?
The small production quantities and the variations inherent in the existing examples have brought a lot of excitement to Replica Watches collectors .
In addition , the way a single watch ages over time ( so refer to the dial on Table 6538 , which is gradually fading into the rich " tropical " brown color ) , creating a further change between individual reference points , ie no two watches are the same point .
In addition to the physical properties of the watch itself , whoever owns the watch can be important when it comes to the collection of vintage Rolex .
As mentioned earlier , in the late 1950s , submariners were considered to be precise tools for diving , and a significant number of submariners eventually fell into the hands of active duty soldiers .
Old - fashioned Rolex watches with a history of military use are often more valuable .
Even without the famous past owner , the fact that the 6538 reference is exactly the same as the submariner reference worn in the early James Bond movie makes it more worthy of Replica Watches UK collectors .
In addition , if the actual submariner 6538 worn by Sean Connery in the film once surfaced at the auction , it is possible to guarantee that it will reach the seven - figure price point by the origin .
Speaking of reference 16613 , there is nothing to say .
Provence is wise , this watch just does n't have enough time to leave a mark on the long and legendary history of Rolex 's iconic diving watch .
Although there is a slight difference between the references , depending on the manufacturing time of the particular swiss watch , no difference is that kind of change , accounting for thousands of dollars , such as the old submariner reference .
The details are wise , the brilliant blue face does increase the price for the ever - popular bi-color case and the bracelet .
This is an iconic watch look , which does help it stand at $ 10,000 compared to the contemporary black duotone model , which usually sells slightly less in the secondary market .
These swiss replica watches are popular with young men and women around the world .
UPDATED–
A notice distributed by the Los Angeles Police Department released late Tuesday raises the prospect that the long awaited ‘ Day of Decision ’ on Proposition 8 has been scheduled .
The document , obtained by Queerty , is an email that ’s been sent out to local Los Angeles residents and businesses informing them of a “ Prop 8 Decision Day & Rally March ” planned for April 20th , next Monday .
The permit was filed by Christopher Street West , the group responsible for Los Angeles ’ gay Pride Parade and a frequent coordinator of gay rallies in the West Hollywood area .
Calls to CSW were not returned as of the time this story went to press , but it does appear from the email that CSW knows something we do n’t .
Here ’s a text version :
“ LOS ANGELES POLICE DEPARTMENT
NOTIFICATION OF PENDING
FIRST AMENDMENT EVENT
Attention E-Policing Subscriber :
The following information pertains to an upcoming Special Event Permit Application recently filed with the Los Angeles Police Department Board of Police Commissioners .
This notification is provided in an effort to minimize the impact the event (s ) may have on your neighborhood and / or business .
If you have any questions concerning the details of this event , please contact the applicant ( below ) or the Los Angeles Police Department , Special Events Permits Unit , at ( 213 ) 847-1640 .
4/20/2009 Prop 8 Decision Day Rally & March TIME 7:00 PM – 11:00 PM
ASSEMBLY : Santa Monica Blvd between LaBrea and Highland Avenue ( Secondary Assembly Loc ) .
( March to begin from original assembly loc in City of West Hollywood )
ROUTE :
East of Santa Monica Blvd ;
North on Cahuenga ,
west on Hollywood Blvd ; North on Highland Ave ;
West on Franklin Ave ;
South on LaBrea to Santa Monica Blvd ( City limit ) .
( March to continue west into City of West Hollywood ) .
CONTACT : CHRISTOPHER STREET WEST ( CSW ) [ Redacted ] ”
Gay civil rights groups across the country have been eagerly anticipating the long - awaited decision to the Prop 8 hearing held in early March , though most legal experts expect the court will uphold the Proposition , which constitutionally banned same - sex marriage in California last November .
Maybe we ’re reading too much into the document , but it does n’t get more clear than calling an event “ Prop 8 Decision Day Rally & March ” , does it ?
The question is , why has Christopher Street West kept this news to itself ?
A massive coalition of grassroots LGBT activists going under the name Day of Decision has protests and rallies set - up that will be finalized as soon as a date is determined , but as of press time , the group seems unaware that a date ’s been set .
The idea that a gay organization would not immediately share this news with other gay groups so that they could have time to organize is surprising to say the least .
We seriously considered the possibility that this was just some random Prop. 8 rally and march , but after rereading it a few times – and looking at the planned protest march route , which mirrors some of the November Prop.
8 demonstration routes , it ’s obvious that this planned event is meant to be large in scope .
So , there you go folks .
It seems at least one major gay rights group thinks Monday , April 20th is the day , though we ’d really like to know why they ’ve shared this information with the LAPD and not with their fellow gay orgs .
Well , cat ’s out of the bag .
Get organized .
UPDATE :
So , it turns out that the notice was a “ clerical error ” on the part of the L.A.P.D.
We still think it ’s sort of strange that the LAPD would schedule a rally and march without a date set , but this seems to be a week in which gay and lesbian issues keep getting messed up by “ ham - fisted ” computer snafu’s .
Apologies to CSW for assuming they were holding out on us .
Email follows .
The Obama administration launched its anticipated Data.gov web site today where federal agencies will publish raw data .
The data is being made available to programmers to allow them to develop applications to make the data more accessible to the public .
The site 's catalog currently contains fewer than 100 datasets , but will grow as agencies translate more data into raw digital formats .
The data is available in XML , Text / CSV , Keyhole Markup Language and Compressed Keyhole Markup Language , Feeds , XLS , or ESRI Shapefile formats .
The site also provides links to widgets and data mining and extraction tools to help cull through data from specific agencies .
To encourage the development of applications for the data , the Sunlight Foundation , in conjunction with others , has launched a competition , Apps for America 2 : the Data.gov Challenge .
The winner of the best application will receive $ 10,000 .
The runner - up and third place winners will receive $ 5,000 and $ 2,500 respectively .
All three will receive a trip to Washington , D.C. to the awards ceremony in September .
A special $ 2,500 prize will go to the person who creates the best visualization of data.gov data .
Deadline for submissions is August 7 .
In addition to its Data.gov site , the Obama administration is also asking the public for advice on how it can become more transparent .
Comments , ideas and proposals can be submitted between now and June 3 to opengov@ostp.gov or through the White House Open Government Initiative web site .
THE AMBIEN BRAND : WHERE MILLIONS HAVE TURNED WHEN HAVING TROUBLE FALLING ASLEEP
For more than 2 decades , people have turned to the AMBIEN brand to help with a sleep problem called insomnia .
If you ’re among the 30 % of Americans who have problems falling asleep , it ’s time to talk to your doctor about brand name AMBIEN .
The moment came about two years ago , in the middle of a lecture on biologically - inspired algorithms ( EC , ant - colony optimization , etc . )
My attention had strayed so very briefly - and yet the material immediately ceased to make sense .
It seemed obvious that continuing to follow the proof on the board was futile - the house of cards inside my head had tumbled down .
Dark thoughts came : if my train of thought is so easily derailed , what am I doing in the thinking business ?
The answer " nothing else has come remotely close to making me happy " wo n't pay the bills .
Floor , ceiling , and proofy whiteboard swirled together as I continued in this misery .
It was then that I suddenly realized exactly what had led me to pick up programming when I was young , and to continue studying every aspect of computing I could lay my hands on .
It was the notion that a computer could make me smarter .
Not literally , of course - no more than a bulldozer is able to make me stronger .
I thirsted for a machine which would let me understand and create more complex ideas than my unassisted mind is capable of , in the same way that heavy construction equipment can let mediocre biceps move mountains .
What , exactly , has the personal computer done to expand my range of thinkable thoughts ?
Enabling communication does n't count - it makes rather light use of the machine 's computational powers .
From the dawn of programmable computing , AI has been bouncing back and forth between scapegoat and media darling , while IA steadily languishes in obscurity .
It is very difficult to accurately imagine being more intelligent than one already is .
What would such a thing feel like ?
It is easier to picture acquiring a specific mental strength , such as a photographic memory .
The latter has been a fantasy of mine since early childhood .
Improving long - term memory would give me a richer " toybox " for forming associations / ideas , whereas a stronger short - term memory might feel like an expanded cache .
Before the lecture was through , I had formed a very clear picture of the mythical photographic memory simulator .
With only a few keystrokes , it would allow me to enter any thought which occurs to me , along with any associations .
The latter set would be expanded by the program to include anything which logically relates to the entry in question .
As the day went on , the idea became less and less clear in my mind , until what once appeared to be a thorough understanding of the problem and its solution had mostly vanished .
All that remained was a set of clumsily scribbled notes .
Later , I discovered that the idea was not new at all .
This did not surprise me .
What surprised me was the fact that none of the attempted solutions had caught on .
What I found ranged from the hopelessly primitive to the elephantine - bloated , with some promising but unfinished and promising but closed - source ones mixed in .
None of the apps featured expandability in a homoiconic language , even by virtue of being written entirely in one .
From my point of view , the lack of this feature is a deal - killer .
I must be able to define programmatic relationships between datums , on a whim - plus new sytaxes for doing so , also on a whim .
There must be no artificial boundary between code and data , for my thoughts are often best expressed as executable code - even when entirely unrelated to programming .
Thus I began work on Skrode - named after the combination of go - cart and artificial short - term memory used by a race of sentient plants in a well - known novel .
The choice of languages came down to Common Lisp vs. Scheme , as the Lisp family is the only environment where I do not feel caged by a stranger 's notions of what programming should be like .
I 've always felt CL to be ugly and bloated with non-orthogonal features .
Scheme , on the other hand , is minimal to the point of uselessness unless augmented with non-standard libraries .
Neither CL nor any of the existing Schemes seemed appetizing .
What I needed was a Lisp system which I could squeeze into my brain cache in its entirety - thus , practically anything written by other people would not fit the bill .
By this time , I had come to believe that every piece of information stored on my computer should be a first - class citizen of the artificial memory .
The notion of separate applications in which arbitrarily divided categories of data are forever trapped seemed more and more laughable .
Skrode would have to play nicely with the underlying operating system in order to display smooth graphics , manage files , and talk TCP / IP .
Thus I set to work on a Scheme interpreter , meant to be as simple as possible while still capable of these tasks .
This proved to be a nightmarish job , not because of its intellectual difficulty but from the extreme tedium .
None of the mature cross- platform GUI libraries play nicely with the Lispy way of thinking about graphics .
( Warning : do n't read Henderson 's paper if you are forced to write traditional UI code for a living .
It might be hazardous to your mental health . )
I learned OpenGL , and found it to be no solution at all , for the same reasons .
My concept of the system expanded from that of a hierarchical notebook to a complete programming system .
Yet I knew that it could not satisfy me if it contained any parts not modifiable from within itself .
Emacs would stand a chance , were it not for its C - language core .
Then I discovered that system - level reflection is not an unreasonable demand .
I found out that instant documentation and source access for any object known to the user / programmer is a reasonable thing to expect .
That it is possible to halt , repair , and resume a running program .
And , depressingly , that one could do these things on 1980s vintage hardware but not on modern machines .
The wonders of the Lisp Machine world and the causes of its demise have been discussed at great length by others .
The good news is that CPU architectures have advanced to the point where the fun can start again , on commodity hardware .
I have worked out some interestingly efficient ways to coax an AMD Opteron into becoming something it was never meant to be .
Skrode remains in cryostasis , and awaits the completion of Loper - an effort to ( re ) create a sane computing environment .
Learning an API does not have to feel like dealing with a Kafkaesque bureaucracy .
And that is enough hot air for the time being .
The next post will speak only of usefulness .
Such as how one might build an OS where yanking and re-inserting the power cord results in no tears .
And other outlandish yet very practical things .
of vice and men
a girl who likes her vices , by jessica chu
this is not a blog + i am not a blogger
HI@JESSCHU.COM
LOS ANGELES , California ( CNN ) -- Questions swirled Friday about the possible role prescription medications may have played in the death Thursday of pop idol Michael Jackson , people close to him said .
The cause of pop star Michael Jackson 's death has not been determined after Friday 's autopsy .
His autopsy was completed , but further tests must be carried out before the cause of death can be determined , a spokesman for the Los Angeles County Coroner said .
Craig Harvey said the tests would take four to six weeks , after which " we anticipate being able to close the case and issuing a final cause of death . "
Among the tests to be carried out , he said , are neuropathology ( brain ) and pulmonary ( lung ) tests .
Harvey added , " We know that he was taking some prescription medications , " but said he was not able to divulge what .
The possibility that Jackson may have been taking medication that could have contributed to his death at the age of 50 weighed heavily Friday on a number of people close to the star .
Watch coroner 's office discuss Jackson 's death . »
In 2005 , after he was cleared on charges of child molestation , Jackson spent a week at a center run by Dr. Deepak Chopra , a physician who focuses on spirituality and the mind - body connection .
During that week , Jackson asked Chopra for a prescription for a narcotic , the doctor told CNN .
" I said , ' What the heck do you want a narcotic prescription for ? '
And it suddenly dawned on me that he was probably taking these and that he had probably a number of doctors who were giving him these prescriptions , so I confronted him with that .
At first , he denied it .
Then , he said he was in a lot of pain . "
Chopra said he responded to Jackson that there were plenty of other ways for him to handle his pain , but that the arguments were not persuasive .
Watch CNN 's Sanjay Gupta discuss Jackson 's death »
" For a while , I lost him , " he said .
" I have had that happen with me with other celebrities in Hollywood .
There 's a plethora of doctors in Hollywood , they 're drug peddlers , they 're drug pushers , they just happen to be having a medical license and I hope that this episode today , this tragic death of a great human being , will bring to light the huge problem we have in Hollywood with some of the medical establishment , the celebrity doctors , who not only initiate people into the drug experience , but then they perpetuate it so that people become dependent on them . "
Chopra said Jackson had recently gone on a diet to prepare for his planned comeback tour , which was to have begun next month in England , and was excited about his planned resumption of his performing career .
" He was practicing , he was fasting , and yet he was n't physically in the condition to do this , and he was not confronting his drug addiction , which is the big problem , " Chopra said .
He blamed Jackson 's death on drug abuse , though he offered no direct evidence .
" When you have enough drugs in your system , your heart goes into an arrhythmia and your respiration stops , " he said .
" I think the drugs killed him . "
Chopra said he had known Jackson to take the opium - derived painkiller OxyContin at one time , as well as injections of the narcotic pain reliever Demerol " and other narcotics , and I was really desperate to try to help him , but you know you can't help somebody who would go into denial . "
Watch crowds gather at the hospital . »
Jackson typically would refuse to call Chopra for several weeks at a time , the doctor said .
" Then he would call me two or three weeks later and say he was sorry , that he had been busy and it was n't the drugs -- but it was the drugs . "
Chopra , who said he knew Jackson for more than two decades , described him as " my little brother -- I feel very bad for him . "
Brian Oxman , a former attorney for the Jackson family who was with the family in the hospital emergency room on Thursday , also expressed concern about medications the pop star was taking .
" I talked to his family about it , I warned them -- I said that Michael is overmedicating and that I did not want to see this kind of a case develop , " Oxman told CNN's " American Morning " on Friday .
He referred to Anna Nicole Smith , the former model and reality TV show star who died of an overdose in 2007 .
" I said , ' If that 's what 's going to happen to Michael , it 's all going to break our hearts . '
And my worst fears are here . "
Oxman emphasized that he did not know what killed Jackson , and was not making accusations against any individual .
Jackson 's ex-wife , Lisa Marie Presley , said in an online blog posted Friday that she was not surprised by Thursday 's news .
She said she divorced him in January 1996 , after less than two years of marriage , because she was " in over my head in trying " to save Jackson " from the inevitable , which is what has just happened . "
Jackson talked with her about his death during " a deep conversation " 14 years ago about " the circumstances of my father 's death , " she wrote , referring to Elvis Presley .
The singer collapsed in the bathroom of his Memphis , Tennessee , mansion -- Graceland -- on August 16 , 1977 , at the age of 42 .
While his death was ruled the result of an irregular heartbeat , the autopsy report was sealed amid accusations that abuse of prescription drugs caused the problem .
The similarity to the " King of Rock " apparently resonated with the " King of Pop . "
" At some point he paused , he stared at me very intensely and he stated with an almost calm certainty , ' I am afraid that I am going to end up like him , the way he did , ' " Presley said .
Watch crowds gather at the hospital . »
" I promptly tried to deter him from the idea , at which point he just shrugged his shoulders and nodded almost matter of fact as if to let me know , he knew what he knew and that was kind of that . "
That conversation haunted Presley as she watched television coverage of Jackson 's death Thursday , she said .
" I am sitting here watching on the news [ as ] an ambulance leaves the driveway of his home , the big gates , the crowds outside the gates , the coverage , the crowds outside the hospital , the cause of death and what may have led up to it and the memory of this conversation hit me , as did the unstoppable tears , " she wrote .
" A predicted ending by him , by loved ones and by me , but what I did n't predict was how much it was going to hurt when it finally happened . "
Her blog can be found online at http://blogs.myspace.com/lisamariepresley
CNN is seeking response from the family .
Meanwhile , police -- who had spoken Thursday with Dr. Conrad Murray , who was with Jackson when he died -- were trying to reach him again Friday .
A car that Murray had parked at Jackson 's home was impounded and may contain medications pertinent to the investigation , said Detective Agustin Villanueva of the Los Angeles Police Department .
Public records show the impounded car was registered to a Texas woman who is an associate of the cardiologist , who is licensed in California and Texas and also has an office in Las Vegas , Nevada .
CNN 's calls to Murray 's office were not returned Friday .
AEG Live , the promoter of Jackson 's planned tour , said their deal with the singer included a dedicated private physician of his choosing and that Jackson chose Murray , his physician of three years .
A source close to the family said Murray spent much of the last two months with Jackson , as he prepared for his upcoming concert series .
The doctor is said to be cooperating with officials .
Jackson was in cardiac arrest when paramedics took him Thursday from his home to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center , where the music idol was pronounced dead at 2:26 p.m. ( 5:26 p.m. ET ) .
Listen to the 911 call »
He had been preparing for a comeback tour -- aimed at extending his legendary career and helping him to pay off hundreds of millions of dollars in debt .
Jackson began his professional work at age 5 , singing with his brothers , before shooting to superstardom as a solo singer .
He had numerous No. 1 hits -- the best known being " Thriller , " the best - selling album of all time , at an estimated 50 million copies worldwide .
After dominating the popular music scene for years , Jackson became reclusive and mired in scandals that included child molestation charges .
He reached a settlement with one accuser and was acquitted in another case after a highly publicized trial in Santa Maria , California , in June 2005 .
Jackson is survived by his three children , Prince Michael I , Paris and Prince Michael II .
Condolences and appreciations continued to pour in Thursday from around the world .
President Obama said he considered Jackson a " spectacular performer " and expressed his condolences to the Jackson family , the White House said Friday .
At a briefing with reporters , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said he spoke with the president Friday morning about the death of the pop superstar .
" He said to me that , obviously , Michael Jackson was a spectacular performer , a music icon .
I think everybody remembers hearing his songs , watching him moonwalk on television during Motown 's 25th anniversary . "
But Gibbs said the president also noted that " aspects of his life were sad and tragic .
His condolences went out to the Jackson family and to fans that mourned his loss . "
In a written statement , Jackson 's second ex-wife , Debbie Rowe Jackson , said , " Though Michael is now at peace , the world has lost a beautiful and loving soul .
I appreciate the outpouring of support and prayer for Michael , all of his family , me and our children , and hope our privacy can be respected at this difficult time . "
CNN 's Alan Duke and Drew Griffin contributed to this report .
All About Michael Jackson
That 's John Baldacci , the Democratic governor Maine , signing into law a gay marriage bill .
The speed with which this issue is going mainstream is truly head - spinning .
Mr Baldacci is term - limited in 2010 , so the political risks are low here , but increasingly states with lots of white liberals and moderates are falling to the gay marriage wave .
It 's more conservative states , and states with large black populations that can be organised by conservatives ( as opposed to Washington , DC , where they can 't ) that will be the last to move .
( Photo credit : AFP )
The California Supreme Court will finally announce its ruling next Tuesday , May 26 at 10 am on Proposition 8 .
The measure which passed last November , wrote discrimination into the California constitution by disallowing same - sex couples the right to marry .
More details here ( pdf ) .
Depending on the ruling , celebrations or protests are scheduled to occur throughout the state and across the nation early next week .
To find out about events that may be occurring in your area visit the DayOfDecision.com
Post by ILO on 05/22/09 at 10:20 am
Toby Hemenway was born on April 23 , 1952 and died on December 20 , 2016 .
He was an American author and educator .
Hemenway has written extensively on permaculture and ecological issues .
Hemenway was the author of Gaia ’s Garden : A Guide to Home - Scale Permaculture and The Permaculture City : Regenerative Design for Urban , Suburban , and Town Resilience .
Hemenway served as an adjunct professor at Portland State University , Scholar - in - Residence at Pacific University , and a field director at the Permaculture Institute ( USA ) .
When he had obtained his degree in biology from Tufts University , Toby worked for many years as a researcher in genetics and immunology , first in academic laboratories including Harvard and the University of Washington in Seattle , and then at Immunex , a major medical biotech company .
Toby Hemenway passed away at 64 years old .
Source
I ’ve run out of patience with tired memes and discredited claims by fools and partisan .
The rhetoric of those pushing nonsense on the public in an attempt to confuse rather than illuminate — the phrase is “ agnotology ” — only serves to aid the lobbyists working on behalf of the Banks and Investment houses to maintain the status quo .
All is well , nothing to see here , move along .
Well , its time to put up or shut up : I hereby challenge any of those who believe the CRA is at prime fault in the housing boom and collapse , and economic morass we are in to a debate .
The question for debate : “ Is the CRA significantly to blame for the credit crisis ? ”
A mutually agreed upon time and place , outcome determined by a fair jury , for any dollar amount between $ 10,000 up to $ 100,000 dollars ( i.e. , for more than just bragging rights ) .
The nonsense rhetoric blogged about has no cost to those pushing these discredited memes — but interferes in the societal attempts to understand how these problems arose and then how to fix them .
Perhaps this will help clarify the issue by forcing those with partisan agendas to stand behind their claims .
Which of the many “ CRA was a major factor ” proponents have the courage of their conviction to step forward ?
~~~
UPDATE 2 : June 29 , 2009 1:15 pm
John Carney , you seem to be missing the point of this ( apparently this is a theme with you ) of what PUT UP OR SHUT UP means .
My goal in clarifying the actual causes of the crisis is SO THAT THEY CAN BE FIXED SO IT DOESN ’T HAPPEN AGAIN .
It is not to support a now discredited ideological belief system or try to rescue the tainted legacy of Phil Gramm .
It is not because I want to engage in polemicals or rhetorical debate — it is because this is important stuff .
Any well educated jackass can engage in abstract rhetorical debate .
I wanted someone who lives and dies financially on the strength of their intellectual world view .
In other words , you must be THIS TALL to go on this ride .
Rather than dismiss your inability to meet the requirements out of hand , let ’s start this way : I put my list of top 30 causes of the crisis here ;
Why do n’t we start by you putting out your list of causes at Business Insider ?
>
UPDATE : June 29 , 2009 11:41 am
John Carney has Tweeted a request for a financial backer– but what “ put up or shut up ” actually means is put up your own money and have some skin in the game ( like I will ) or shut up .
As much as I would like to take a $ 100 k from his backer , the phrase is n’t “ raise a $ 100 k from some putz and debate me . ”
If Carney can come up with something of comparable ( non-monetary ) value , we can discuss . . .
TEMPE , Ariz .
 President Obama traveled Wednesday to the university that does not think he has done enough to merit an honorary degree and declared that he agreed .
Mr. Obama delivered his first commencement address as president at Arizona State University , whose decision not to award him a ceremonial diploma touched off a national furor .
He used the controversy to make the point that no one should be satisfied with “ the outward markers of success , ” either as individuals or as a country .
“ I come here not to dispute the suggestion that I have n’t achieved enough in my life , ” Mr. Obama told tens of thousands of students and relatives packed into Sun Devil Stadium .
“ First of all , Michelle concurs with that assessment .
She has a long list of things I have not yet done waiting for me when I get home .
“ But more than that , ” he added , “ I come to embrace the notion that I have n’t done enough in my life .
I heartily concur .
I come to confirm that one ’s title , even a title like president of the United States , says very little about how well one ’s life has been led  and that no matter how much you ’ve done , or how successful you ’ve been , there ’s always more to do , always more to learn , and always more to achieve . ”
Obama 's Mistakes Chancellor Merkel Visits the Debt President
The occupant of the White House may have changed recently .
But the amount of ill - advised ideology coming from Washington has remained constant .
Obama 's list of economic errors is long -- and continues to grow .
Von Gabor Steingart
A customer relations officer from Ellesmere Port has been electronically tagged for two months , given a curfew and ordered to pay £ 2,440.66 in costs for leaving a 15 - week - old kitten alone for two days .
What does this tell us about justice in Britain today ?
Quite a lot , especially when you consider that the punishment Tanya Sharples was given by Ellesmere Port and Neston magistrates court last week , for the 48 - hour abandonment of Charlie the kitten , is far greater than any penalties likely to be received by any bankers or MPs for the damage they have done to Britain 's financial and political institutions .
Across Britain , people are being punished with historic vindictiveness by magistrates ' courts and the police .
They are being hounded because they fail to obey footling laws on wheelie bins , for illegal parking while picking up children from school , for waving foreign flags , dog fouling and littering .
Dover 's police chief , Chris Hogben , has announced that anyone caught dropping even a single chocolate wrapper will be locked up for 24 hours .
Leaving aside the fact that Hogben seems to have forgotten the principle that punishment follows conviction , it is worth noting that as a society we place greater emphasis on the prosecution of these tiny acts of antisocial behaviour than we do on bringing to justice the crooks and conmen in this era of Labour corruption .
Astonishingly , the police have already announced that no MP is likely to be charged , despite evidence , not just of widespread venality , but of activities which come very close to theft .
As for the bankers , they 're already back in bonus land .
Andy Hornby , the former head of HBOS who caused such a calamity at the bank , yesterday became the chief executive of Boots with a salary and bonus likely to be over £ 1 m per year .
I am not saying that Hornby has done anything illegal , just that his case conforms to the pattern in which the rich , privileged and powerful are able to shrug of these catastrophes and continue on their way with almost no shame and little impact on their careers .
Perhaps you have noticed during the recent election coverage the way in which MPs have been distancing themselves from the expenses scandal and speaking as though it was one of those extreme weather events that occasionally affect humanity .
The issue is portrayed as a result of the combination of poor personal book - keeping , the ambiguities of the fees office and the relatively low salary of MPs , but never a failure of personal morality of course .
A free society is based on three essential elements : democracy , liberty and justice .
Over the last few years I have often questioned whether we have a proper democracy and have showed – I hope – that the things we like to call our democratic institutions do not guarantee our liberty .
What has become clear in the present scandal is that our system of justice favours a powerful few over the many , and is meting out disproportionately harsh punishments to ordinary offenders , while letting off those who have done so much to cause chaos in our society .
It is an absolute disgrace that we have a chancellor who has flipped his home to avoid the very tax that he is responsible for setting and a mark of the decline of public standards of accountability that he is still in his job .
Gordon Brown 's failure to publish the report into the affairs of Shahid Malik , who claimed over £ 60,000 on properties , beggars belief given his recent undertakings to clean up politics .
Malik works in the Justice Department : the public needs to be assured his behaviour is of the highest integrity , which I am afraid is not at all clear at the moment .
If a woman is made to suffer – excessively in my view – for abandoning her damned cat , it must follow that we cannot let off these MPs .
Many should resign their seats or be forcibly removed by parliament .
Police investigations should be relentless .
All reports by the prime minister 's adviser on ministerial conduct , Sir Phillip Mawer , should be published .
At a time of incessant criminal justice legislation , the creation of 3,500 criminal offences , the unending rise in the prison population , justice must be seen to be done .
These politicians should be charged , whatever the crown prosecution service 's views on the likelihood of conviction .
Let juries decide on the issue of guilt .
Let these men and women stand in the dock and answer for themselves .
View Transcript
Transcript
Dilbert says , " Sales are tanking because our online reviews are awful . "
The boss says , " Cripple a feature and change the model number so the online reviews look stale . "
Dilbert says , " Wow .
That was a lot of evil packed into one sentence . "
The boss says , " Thank you . "
The change happened in the second half of last year and the downsized versions are now on sale in the shops , where a Mars bar still costs 37 p and a Snickers is 41 p .
LOS ANGELES , California ( CNN ) -- Dom DeLuise , who spiced up such movies as " Blazing Saddles , " " Silent Movie " and " The Cannonball Run " with his manic delivery and roly - poly persona , has died , his son 's publicist said .
Dom DeLuise was best known for his roles in Mel Brooks films as well as films with his friend Burt Reynolds .
Publicist Jay Schwartz did not disclose the cause of death , but DeLuise , 75 , had been battling cancer for more than a year .
DeLuise was surrounded by family when he died in a Santa Monica , California , hospital Monday night , son Michael DeLuise told CNN affiliate KTLA .
DeLuise was most famous for his supporting roles in a number of Mel Brooks films , including 1974's " Saddles " -- in which he played a flamboyant musical director who led dancers in a number called " The French Mistake " -- and 1976's " Silent Movie , " in which he played the assistant to Brooks ' director Mel Funn .
He was also in the Brooks - directed " The Twelve Chairs " ( 1970 ) , " Spaceballs " ( 1987 ) and " Robin Hood : Men in Tights " ( 1993 ) .
But he could also assay more serious roles , most notably in the 1980 dark comedy " Fatso , " in which he played an overweight man trying to wean himself from comfort food .
The film was directed by Brooks ' wife , Anne Bancroft .
Watch an impromptu performance by Dom DeLuise »
DeLuise , who struggled with his own weight , was also an author of cookbooks .
In 1991 , he told CNN's Larry King that after meeting Luciano Pavarotti while working on an opera , he realized he needed to try to shed some of his weight .
" I finally became powerless over food , " he told King .
" You know , anybody who 's an alcoholic or cocaine or something , that 's what food was to me . "
Besides authoring cookbooks , DeLuise penned seven children 's books .
DeLuise was also part of the supporting cast in the Burt Reynolds crash - 'em - up vehicles " Smokey and the Bandit II " ( 1980 ) , " Cannonball Run " ( 1981 ) and " Cannonball Run II " ( 1984 ) .
Other DeLuise films include " The End " ( 1978 ) , " The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas " ( 1982 ) and " Johnny Dangerously " ( 1984 ) .
His voice was featured in such films as " An American Tail " ( 1986 ) and its sequels , " All Dogs Go to Heaven " ( 1989 ) and its 1996 sequel , and " Oliver & Company " ( 1988 ) .
Do n't Miss EW.com : Remembering Dom DeLuise
Dominic DeLuise was born in Brooklyn , New York , on August 1 , 1933 .
In the 1960s he had bit parts in a handful of movies , including " Fail Safe " ( 1964 ) , but became well known as a regular on " The Entertainers " and a Dean Martin variety show .
He had his own summer replacement show in 1968 and was a regular on Glen Campbell 's " Goodtime Hour " in 1971 - 72 .
Watch DeLuise talk about working on " The Mike Douglas Show " »
DeLuise had three sons -- Peter , Michael and David -- who all became actors .
He told Larry King that it was the " joy of my life " to work with his oldest son , Peter , when he directed the film " Second Nature . "
His wife of 40 years , actress Carol Arthur , appeared in several movies with him , including " Blazing Saddles " and " Silent Movie , " according to DeLuise 's Web site .
DeLuise worked closely on several films with pal Gene Wilder , who in 2002 told Larry King that of all of his co-stars , DeLuise " makes me laugh the most . "
A frequent collaborator with DeLuise , Burt Reynolds released a statement to " Entertainment Tonight " on his friend 's death .
" I was thinking the other day about this .
As you get older you think about this more and more , I was dreading this moment .
Dom always made everyone feel better when he was around .
I never heard him say an unkind word about anyone .
I will miss him very much , " Reynolds says .
All About Mel Brooks • Burt Reynolds
Woman arrested for “ blowing ” in exchange for Frito Lays
An Oklahoma woman was arrested recently on prostitution charges , apparently for agreeing to perform oral sex in exchange for a box of Frito Lay ’s potato chips , approximately $ 30 .
Lahoma Sue Smith , 36 , performed oral sex with one Faron Johnson , also from Oklahoma , after Johnson reportedly told Smith that he had no money .
Instead , Smith agreed on taking a box of Frito Lay ’s potato chips instead .
Smith , also reportedly , had previous charges of prostitution filed against her in the past .
Smith was fined for $ 1,142 according to the police report .
In the past week or so , two of the biggest perception problems preventing proliferation of OpenID as the de facto standard for decentralized identity on the Web have been addressed .
The first perception problem is around the issue of usability .
I remember attending the Social Graph Foo Camp last year and chatting with a Yahoo !
employee about why they had n’t become an Open ID relying party ( i.e. enable people to login to Yahoo ! account with OpenIDs ) .
The response was that they had concerns about the usability of OpenID causing reducing the number of successful log-ins given that it takes the user off the Yahoo !
sign - in page to an often confusing and poorly designed page created by a third party .
Last year ’s launch and eventually success of Facebook Connect showed developers that it is possible to build a delegated identity workflow that is n’t as intimidating and counterproductive as the experience typically associated with delegated identity systems like OpenID .
On May 14th , Google announced that a similar experience has now been successfully designed and implemented for OpenID in the Google Code blog post titled Google OpenID API - taking the next steps which states
We are happy to announce today two new enhancements to our API - introducing a new popup style UI for our user facing approval page , and extending our Attribute Exchange support to include first and last name , country and preferred language .
The new popup style UI , which implements the OpenID User Interface Extension Specification , is designed to streamline the federated login experience for users .
Specifically , it 's designed to ensure that the context of the Relying Party website is always available and visible , even in the extreme case where a confused user closes the Google approval window .
JanRain , a provider of OpenID solutions , is an early adopter of the new API , and already offers it as part of their RPX product .
As demonstrated by UserVoice using JanRain 's RPX , the initial step on the sign - in page of the Relying Party website is identical to that of the " full page " version , and does not require any changes in the Relying Party UI .
Once the user selects to sign in using his or her Google Account , the Google approval page is displayed .
However , it does not replace the Relying Party 's page in the main browser window .
Instead it is displayed as a popup window on top of it .
We have updated our Open Source project to include a complete Relying Party example , providing code for both the back - end ( in Java ) and front - end ( javascript ) components .
Once the user approves the request , the popup page closes , and the user is signed in to the Relying Party website .
The aforementioned OpenID User Interface Extension allows the relying party to request that the OpenID provider authenticate the user via a “ pop up ” instead of through navigating to their page and then redirecting the user back to the relying party ’s site .
Thus claim that OpenID usability harms the login experience is now effectively addressed and I expect to see more OpenID providers and relying parties adopt this new popup style experience as part of the authentication process .
The second biggest perception blocker is the one asked in articles like Is OpenID Being Exploited By The Big Internet Companies ?
which points out that no large web companies actually support OpenID as a way to login to their primary services .
The implication being that companies are interested in using OpenID as a way to spread their reach across the web including becoming identity providers for other companies but do n’t want others to do the same to them .
That was true until earlier this week when Luke Shepard announced Facebook Supports OpenID for Automatic Login .
Specifically ,
Now , users can register for Facebook using their Gmail accounts .
This is a quicker , more streamlined way for new users to register for the site , find their friends , and start exploring .
Existing and new users can now link their Facebook accounts with their Gmail accounts or with accounts from those OpenID providers that support automatic login .
Once a user links his or her account with a Gmail address or an OpenID URL , logs in to that account , then goes to Facebook , that user will already be logged in to Facebook .
In tests we 've run , we 've noticed that first - time users who register on the site with OpenID are more likely to become active Facebook users .
They get up and running after registering even faster than before , find their friends easily , and quickly engage on the site .
This makes Facebook the first major web company to truly embrace OpenID as a way to enable users to sign up and login to the site using credentials from a third party ( a competitor even ) .
The fact that they also state that contrary to popular perception this actually improves the level of engagement of those users is also a big deal .
Given both of these events , I expect that we ’ll see a number of more prominent sites adopting OpenID as they now clearly have nothing to lose and a lot to gain by doing so .
This will turn out to be a great thing for users of the web and will bring us closer to the nirvana that is true interoperability across the social networking and social media sites on the web .
Krista
Ayne gets her naked , buffed body hosed down in this very wet set .
All CAPTCHA systems are doomed to fail .
Unfortunately , this has not prevented eager developers using CAPTCHAs in even the most basic web to email forms .
No one likes CAPTCHAs .
They are not fun .
They can not be used by everyone , such as those with impaired vision or without graphics enabled .
They slow down the sign - up process and , ultimately , they will lead to fewer real registrations .
The worst problem with CAPTCHAs is that they put the onus on the user .
Users do not care if you are receiving thousands of spam messages or bogus accounts : that ’s your problem .
CAPTCHAs should be the last barrier of defence – not the first .
The vast majority of hacking attempts and bots can be prevented without resorting to CAPTCHAs .
If you make it moderately difficult , spammers will simply move on to the next easier target .
Here are some basic techniques that will stop the majority of spoofing attempts .
1. Validate everything server-side
You need to validate every field using server - side code – even if you have strong client - side validation .
Be especially careful with fields that are placed in email headers .
Email addresses are probably the most important values to check : use a good regular expression and watch out for HTML tags , SQL injections , or return characters ( n and r in PHP ) .
2. Check for spam - like content
Most spammers post links to websites .
If that ’s not something you are expecting , it could indicate a spam bot .
A third - party tool such as Akismet could help .
3 . Check for rogue POST and GET values
If your form expects three POSTed fields , the existence of a fourth could indicate a hacking attempt .
Similarly , check that no additional GET values have been passed .
4 . Check the HTTP header
Simpler spam bots will rarely set a user agent ( HTTP_USER_AGENT ) or a referring page ( HTTP_REFERER ) .
You should certainly ensure the referrer is the page where your form is located .
5 . Use a honeypot field
Spambots normally attempt to complete every form field so they pass basic validation .
A honeypot field is one that is hidden from the user ( CSS display set to none ) , so any value passed back is likely to come from a bot .
The field should be labelled “ Please leave this blank ” or similar to account for those with CSS disabled or using custom stylesheets .
6 . Detect the presence of JavaScript
If your page can run JavaScript , you can be almost certain it has been loaded in a browser by a human user .
A simple in - page dynamically generated JavaScript function could perform a simple calculation or create a checksum for the posted data .
This can be passed back in a form value for verification .
An estimated 10 % of people have JavaScript disabled , so further checks will be necessary in those situations .
7 . Show a verification page or fail the first posting attempt
Bots have a tough time reacting to a server response .
If you are in any doubt about the validity of a post , show a intermediary page asking the user to confirm their data and press submit again .
8 . Time the user response
Accounting for human behaviour is one of the best ways to spot the bots .
Users will take a little time to complete forms whereas bots are almost instantaneous .
I use the following method in many forms and it has been effective :
The current server time is recorded when the form page is generated .
The time value is encoded into a string .
The actual encoding algorithm is up to you , but it must be one that is not obvious and allow decoding back to the original value .
I would also recommend using unique user data , such as the IP address , as an encryption key .
The encoded time is put in a hidden form value .
When the form is posted back , the field is checked and decoded back to a time .
This can now be compared with the current server time to ensure the response time falls within a specific window , e.g. between 20 seconds and 20 minutes .
There are several benefits to this process : it does not rely on client - side technology , the time value must be in the returned data and , even if your form is spoofed , it limits the number of bogus submissions that can be sent .
9 . Log everything
Keep a log of everything that occurs during a form submission process .
This need not be an elegant solution ; writing to a file will be adequate .
The information you gather will be invaluable when spotting hacking attempts and implementing solutions .
10 .
Handling the extreme cases
Some of the techniques above will fail for legitimate users , e.g. checking for JavaScript or the HTTP header .
It is only likely to affect a small number of users so a CAPTCHA could be used in those circumstances .
Alternatively , if there is any doubt about the data validity for a small number of users , you could add human verification to your process .
Ensure it simple to operate , i.e. email an administrator and only accept the post once a reply is received .
CAPTCHAs can be essential for sites that could incur significant monetary loss or are obvious targets for illegal activities , such as online banking and webmail .
However , they are overkill for most forms : a combination of techniques will stop the majority of bots without making sign - ups difficult for real users .
I 'll spare you the agony of listening to Rush Limbaugh bluster .
Short version : Rush says Mark Sanford was driven to have illicit Argentinian sex because of the devastating effects of his state being forced to take stimulus money .
" To hell with this , " he said , and just lost his good conservative spirit .
Gawd , what other things are Republicans going to be driven to , in their deep depression over having a president who 's from a different party and has different priorities ?
If they were willing to ask for teenager 's penis measurements , have diaper sex with hookers and solicit gay airport bathroom sex during the good times , I can't imagine what they 'll be driven to do in their current despair .
If we pass an energy bill , will John Boehner be found overdosed on crack after an all - night , five - hooker session in a Washington hotel ?
If America gets real health care reform , will Newt Gingrich then be photographed naked riding a donkey through a Montessori school at recess ?
Now that " I 've just been so depressed since my state was forced to take federal funding in order to help unemployed people and our school system " is a good excuse for getting kicked out of the house by your wife , swiping a state vehicle , abandoning your job as governor and booking a flight to Argentina for a ten - day bars 'n ' sex romp , I can't imagine what the hell could be next .
Given how much they go on about marrying dogs , ducks and turtles , though , I think the repeal of DOMA could well result in a million - conservative march to the everglades for the world 's largest freshwater orgy .
It seems that as of today , the Chinese authorities have blocked internet access to Twitter , Flickr , Bing , Live.com , Hotmail.com and several other sites .
Wordpress , YouTube , Blogger are also blocked .
According to early reports on Twitter and on blogs it seems that the Chinese authorities want to quiet down the entire major social networking and social media part of the web ahead of the 20th anniversary of Tiananmen massacre on June 4th .
As far as solutions for evading the block go , you can find some advice here and here .
Furthermore , Twitter may be working if you 're using third party apps to access it , such as TweetDeck .
John Latimer is waiting for the monarch butterflies .
They are a marker of late spring for the 60 - year - old Minnesota mail carrier , who travels 100 miles each day on rural roads near Grand Rapids , Minn .
Over the last 25 years , in between delivering letters and packages , Latimer has recorded a bounty of data on the changing seasons along his route , from the blooming of yellow lady 's slipper each spring to the onset of lake ice in the winter .
This year , by his calculations , spring is coming a week late .
" The lilac bloom used to be around the first of June .
Then , for a long stretch , they began to bloom on May 25 or 24 or 23 .
One year it was as early as May 20th , " Latimer said , drawing on almost 15 years of computerized records .
" This year , it was June 4 . "
Latimer 's hobby is not just a way to pass the time as he delivers mail .
He is one of an emerging breed of " citizen scientists " whose observations of nature help professional researchers better understand how climate change is shifting seasonal events like spring blooms , winter ice , and bird and animal migrations .
" Citizen science projects really seem to be popping up like crazy , " said Greg Butcher , director of the Audubon Society 's Christmas Bird Count .
At 110 years and counting , it is thought to be the oldest volunteer science effort in the United States .
Newer efforts include projects that ask the public to record the timing of lake freezes and thaws , juniper blooms in the southwestern United States and honey production in beehives across the country .
The federal government has also gotten into the act , through the National Phenology Network it is organizing with the help of universities , conservation and environmental groups , and state agencies .
' Shocked ' by what the bees knew
" About five years ago , the United States started organizing to understand how climate change would affect ecological systems , " said Jake Weltzin , the U.S. Geological Survey scientist now serving as the network 's interim director .
" It became clear that to really get a handle on what was going on across the entire continent , you 'd need lots of observations . "
That is where volunteers come in , especially since many seasonal changes are easy to track .
While the approach sounds simple , some older projects have yielded surprising -- and scientifically sound -- results .
An analysis of 50 years of data on lilac blooms , for example , showed that earlier flowers signal warmer , drier years with above - average summer wildfire seasons .
In southern Maryland , amateur beekeeper Wayne Esaias compared 15 years of detailed , daily observations of honey production in his hives and found the bees ' output began earlier each year , as spring came earlier .
Esaias , an oceanographer at NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center , then compared his bee data to satellite images that showed trees and plants ' greening was also happening earlier -- and in lockstep with the start of honey production .
" I was shocked , " Esaias said .
" My nectar flows have changed by almost a month , and we really did n't appreciate it .
That 's associated with about a 3 - degree Fahrenheit increase in cold winter temperatures .
It kind of sneaks up on you . "
With support from NASA , Esaias has recruited 73 other beekeepers to monitor their honey output by placing an old - fashioned scale under each hive , then taking daily measurements of the hive 's weight and the weight of any honey the beekeeper removes .
Tweeting the arrival of spring
Technology is at the core of the new citizen - science movement .
Facebook , Flickr and Twitter are among the Web tools that organizers lean on to help recruit new volunteers and keep old hands coming back for more .
" The Internet , " said Weltzin , " is the great flattener . "
Project BudBurst 's volunteers can log their observations using a Web form -- and then instantly see their contributions added to a Google map dotted with other reports from points across the United States .
" It 's instant feedback , " said Paul Alaback , the project 's lead scientist .
" It reinforces the idea that these observations that people are making are valuable and available .
It 's not going into a shoebox somewhere . "
Latimer , the Minnesota mailman , uses Twitter to record shifting seasons along his rural delivery route -- and connect with listeners of his public radio show , KAXE 's " Phenology Report . "
" The apple and crabapple trees are absolutely at their peak of bloom , " he wrote May 28 .
" Great torches of magenta and white , they stand uplifted and uplifting . "
It is a far cry from the meticulous records of bird sightings logged on index cards by generations of birders across the United States .
Their painstaking observations , collected between the 1880s and 1970 , are now stored at a U.S. Geological Survey research center in southern Maryland .
The agency is now scanning the cards and recruiting volunteers to transcribe the decades of data they hold into a modern computer database , but it is slow going .
" They have 6 million cards , " said Weltzin , the National Phenology Network scientist .
" They had so many people participate for so many years , it 's very difficult to save those data . "
Meshing backyard observations with longer - term records
For many of the new citizen science programs that deal with climate change , an element of consciousness - raising is built in .
" Climate change is hard to get a firm grasp on , " said Alaback , Project BudBurst 's science director .
" People have images of polar bears and ice caps , but the idea that it 's happening in their yards is a pretty powerful way to get them thinking more about the issue . "
But organizers say they are equally interested in collecting high - quality data that working scientists can use in peer - reviewed , published studies .
With observations stretching back more than 100 years , the Christmas Bird Count records have been used in more than 200 published analyses , Butcher said , including a recent Interior Department report that used 40 years of records to document a decline in a third of the United States ' 800 bird species .
The Audubon count 's leaders also are trying new approaches to help them monitor the effects of climate change .
They hope to develop standard routes or positions for birders to monitor , to build a portrait of the changing environment at each station .
" Right now , it 's less standardized than you 'd want it to be for the kinds of uses we 're putting [ the observations ] to , " said Butcher .
At the other end of the spectrum , with just two years of data in hand , Project BudBurst scientists are trying to link their work with older records .
Alaback , who collected phenology data in coastal Alaska in the 1980s , said BudBurst volunteers are now reporting from some of the same sites .
He hopes that connecting the old with the new will allow them to quickly leverage the fledgling BudBurst data set into useful scientific analyses .
Organizers at the National Phenology Network are developing an array of strategies to hone the quality of their new data , ranging from an iPhone application -- still in development -- to help identify plants , to safeguards built into Web reporting systems .
See something strange ?
Get out your iPhone
" If someone goes to enter a red maple into our system , but they 're in Tucson , we 'd like our database to say , ' Guess what ?
You 're outside the range , ' " Weltzin said .
" Ideally , we'd then ask them to send in a picture . "
In the end , enticing " citizen scientists " to keep reporting may be the toughest challenge for program organizers .
The Maryland Science Center in Baltimore has just launched a program to track the bloom of the black - eyed Susan , Maryland 's state flower .
With support from a National Science Foundation grant , the center is distributing seed packets at events throughout the Baltimore area , hoping to recruit volunteers to plant and monitor the bright yellow blooms .
But just four prospective volunteers showed up at a recent training event , said Katie Stofer , director of the museum 's C3 : Communicating Climate Change program .
" The training was n't necessary to participate .
It was more , ' If you want to come ... , ' " she said .
" We were n't really discouraged with that number . "
But since black - eyed Susans bloom in summer , when school is out , that cuts out participation by the elementary , middle and high school science classes that are one of the science center 's core audiences .
Melinda Hughes - Wert , president of Nature Abounds , said she is setting realistic goals for her group 's new IceWatch program , which asks volunteers to report observations of lake and stream freezes and thaws .
" We want them to do it regularly , once a week -- but if they can't , we understand , " Hughes - Wert said .
" We 're giving our volunteers reference guidelines , but we 're not hammering them with too many specifics .
" Right now , our goal is simple , " she said .
" Whet the whistle , and get them going outside . "
Copyright 2009 E&E Publishing .
All Rights Reserved .
WASHINGTON -- Landmark legislation to curb U.S. greenhouse - gas emissions was approved by the House of Representatives in a close vote late Friday , securing an initial victory for a cornerstone of President Barack Obama 's agenda .
The 1,200 page bill -- formally known as the " American Clean Energy and Security Act " -- will reach into almost every corner of the U.S. economy .
By putting a price on emissions of greenhouse gases , such as carbon dioxide , the bill would affect the way electricity is generated , how homes and offices ...
While nightmares are typically seen as frightening to the dreamer , the role that nightmares play in stress has been frequently debated .
Different theories have questioned whether nightmares enabled tension release and played a positive role in coping or simply added to the anxiety of the dreamer .
A recent study published in Dreaming examines whether negative life events are associated with an increase or decrease in anxiety attributable to nightmares .
The researchers used a sample of 624 adolescents between the ages of 12 and 19 who were recruited from public and private schools in Australia .
The study participants were given a battery of questionnaires examining various aspects of dreaming and stress over a twelve - month period .
The results showed no support for the hypothesis that nightmares reduced tension .
There was also no evidence that reporting nightmares relieved anxiety .
The researchers also found that the stronger the distress of waking ( from nightmares ) , the more likely a person is to report anxiety , controlling for life events and the distress associated with life events .
Overall , girls were found to be more likely than boys to experience nightmare waking distress , nightmare sleeping distress , and nightmare frequency .
Adolescents who experienced frequent nightmares and nightmare distress were also found to have experienced more major negative life events and to experience greater anxiety overall .
Although the researchers focused on major life events in shaping nightmare frequency and distress , they also suggested that " daily hassles " may also be an important factor in psychopathology .
Environment minister John Gormley has announced that Dublin is to have a directly elected mayor next year .
The new mayor will be responsible for planning policy , waste management , water services and housing across the four major Dublin local authorities .
The mayor will also be chair of the Dublin Transport Authority .
They will oversee implementation by the local authorities of the agreed regional strategies , a better public service and improved services across the board .
Mr Gormley described today 's announcement as the most significant change to leadership in Dublin since the foundation of the State .
Mr Gormley said later he did not anticipate any restrictions to the type of candidate who might stand for the office
However , he confirmed that the dual mandate rule would apply so sitting public representatives would not be eligible .
He said the salary level would reflect that of a Government minister .
Sure , these days , it can be pretty hard to get super - stoked over a casemod ... after all , they 're basically a dime a dozen .
We 're always impressed with the crazy ones though , and this one over at Million Dollar PC -- the Edelweiss ( possibly named after our least - favorite song and flower ) , really takes the crazy and turns it up to 11 .
We 're not even sure what 's going on , to be honest , but we can assure you of this much : we 're really , really fond of it .
Two more shots after the break .
[ Via Case Mod Blog
Freddy Sinchi , the first in his family to graduate from college , wants as many family members as possible to see him receive his Holy Cross diploma .
He reserved three dorm rooms for at least eight people - his parents , younger siblings , uncle , and church pastor .
Those who do n't fit will sleep in his dorm room .
More guests will drive up for the ceremony Friday , leaving Harlem , N.Y. , by 5 a.m .
Holy Cross has booked all 80 of the dorm rooms it set aside for next Friday 's graduation .
In years past , only about 50 rooms would be filled , said Paul Irish , cochairman of the commencement planning committee .
The suites with private baths make bringing the extended family more affordable , he said , though they will be sleeping on twin beds .
" We 're worried about cutting back only because you never know what will happen , " said Balcos , a biochemist at a New York hospital .
" But we 're not hurting yet . "
" I know my mom's not comfortable spending that kind of money right now , " Balcos said .
" Her 401 ( k ) went crazy .
. . .
Everyone 's in a tough spot . "
At Boston University , which holds commencement Sunday , senior Kaia Balcos will blow up two air mattresses for her parents , aunt , and cousin to sleep on in her studio apartment near campus , saving them hundreds of dollars a night .
For her high school graduation , her parents hosted a dinner for 15 at a New Jersey restaurant .
No plans are in the works for a party this weekend , she said .
And she discreetly penned " no gifts please " on her announcements .
Bracing for a leaner year , some local hotels have lowered their peak rates and dropped their two - night minimum .
For high - end hotels and restaurants , though , the party continues as usual , with no cancellations for bookings made as far as a year in advance .
After all , they say , graduation is no time to scrimp .
Others from as far as New York plan to drive here on graduation morning and head home after the ceremony to save on costs .
But this year , amid the recession , many families are injecting a sobering dose of frugality into the pomp and circumstance .
More moms and dads are eschewing hotels to bunk in Spartan dormitory rooms or squeezing into their children 's apartments for the weekend .
Demand for $ 50 - a- night dorm rooms at The College of the Holy Cross has jumped 60 percent , and latecomers are now being turned away .
It 's a springtime ritual , one eagerly anticipated by hoteliers and restaurateurs .
Each weekend starting this month and through the beginning of June , scores of parents descend upon the region for the college commencement season .
In boom times , they rack up hotel bills , splurge on meals , and open their wallets at the shops along Newbury Street .
" This is much more economical for us , " Sinchi said .
Paige Singleton booked four Holy Cross dorm rooms for her parents , sisters , and grandparents , who otherwise would not all have been able to afford to come .
They will spend one night in Boston before driving home to New Orleans in a rented van with her belongings .
The " bonding road trip " will serve as their family vacation this year , she said .
Instead of a fancy meal out to celebrate , her family will eat in the college dining hall , she said .
" I do n't want them to have to go out , " she said .
" Everybody seems to be on a budget , so it makes it a little tough to full out celebrate . "
Schools , too , are cutting back on the pomp .
Wheaton College in Norton eliminated embossing on the program cover and ordered 400 fewer programs .
Clark University has begun e-mailing invitations to commencement events .
Gordon College in Wenham will no longer serve refreshments .
And Brandeis is limiting the number of decorative plants to adorn the graduation stage ; there also nixed the traditional balloon drop .
Each May and June , Massachusetts colleges draw more than 275,000 commencement guests , who have the economic impact of " back - to - back Super Bowls , " said Richard Doherty , president and chief executive of the Association of Independent Colleges and Universities in Massachusetts .
In Greater Boston , home to 45 colleges and universities , graduations bring in about $ 90 million each spring to the local hospitality industry , said Pat Moscaritolo , president and chief executive of the Greater Boston Convention and Visitors Bureau .
" Graduation week is a unique moment in a family 's history , " Moscaritolo said , " and especially given the colleges we 're talking about here in the Boston and Cambridge area , people will come and celebrate and spend . "
Some hotels like The Lenox hotel in Copley Square and the Fairmont Copley Plaza have lowered their room rates for the graduation season .
The Lenox even has a sprinkling of rooms open two weeks from now , whereas last year , they were booked solid , said Daniel Donahue , general manager of The Lenox .
Rates there start at $ 245 a night , compared with more than $ 300 last year .
" May and June in Boston , this is where the world wants to be .
This is typically not a rate - sensitive time of year , " said Paul Tormey , general manager of the Fairmont Copley Plaza .
" But if your kid was a senior last year , you would have paid more . "
In some quarters , though , parents are still shelling out big bucks for a luxurious commencement experience .
At Upstairs on the Square in Cambridge , reservations are nearing capacity for the restaurant 's $ 85 - a- head prix fixe four - course dinner the night of Harvard 's graduation , June 4 .
So far , there have been few cancellations , said owner Mary - Catherine Deibel .
She booked the 300 reservations the restaurant normally gets for the commencement dinner .
Two families are even throwing private afternoon cocktail receptions for their graduates at the restaurant .
" Part of it is Harvard , " she said .
" There is still a lot of money at Harvard . "
The Hotel Commonwealth in Kenmore Square , which raises its rates by a third , from $ 450 to $ 525 a night , during commencement season , is full for the BU graduation this weekend .
Most rooms were reserved a year ago .
" In this economy , we appreciate all the more those events that will generate this kind of demand , " said Adam Sperling , the general manager .
" As long as people continue to graduate , we 'll continue to reap the benefits . "
Tracy Jan can be reached at tjan@globe.com .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
She allegedly sprayed them with the air freshener , forced them to wash their hands in pure disinfectant and ordered others to stand on newspaper until their parents came to collect them .
An extrasolar planet may have been detected in nearby Andromeda ( Image : Bill Schoening , Vanessa Harvey / REU program / NOAO / AURA / NSF )
We could find planets in other galaxies using today ’s technology , according to a new simulation .
The study gives credence to a tentative detection of a planet in Andromeda , our nearest large galactic neighbour .
The idea is to use gravitational microlensing , in which a distant source star is briefly magnified by the gravity of an object passing in front of it .
This technique has already found several planets in our galaxy , out to distances of thousands of light years .
Extending the method from thousands to millions of light years wo n’t be easy , says Philippe Jetzer of the University of Zürich in Switzerland , but it should be possible .
Advertisement
Jetzer and five colleagues simulated microlensing from the Andomeda galaxy , which is more than 2 million light years away .
They started by populating Andromeda with planets , assuming that they will have the same range of sizes and orbits as known exoplanets in our own galaxy .
“ These are reasonable guesses , probably right within a factor of two , ” Jetzer told New Scientist .
Uneven pattern
They then calculated how these planets might reveal themselves .
When a lensing star system drifts into our line of sight , it bends light from the background star , which appears to brighten and then fade again smoothly over a few weeks or months .
If the lensing star has a planet in tow , then the planet ’s additional gravity can produce an uneven pattern of brightening and fading , or even add a brief flare lasting hours or days .
Looking at Andromeda , telescopes wo n’t be able to pick out individual background stars , but instead they could see a similar effect in the brightness of individual pixels – which may represent several stars – when a big star is lensed .
How often you see a planet - revealing event depends on how powerful your telescope is .
A 4 - metre instrument watching Andromeda for 9 months in total might pick up one or two planets – if the assumptions behind the simulation are right .
While it may be difficult to get that much time on a large telescope soon , smaller - scale observations have already been done and will continue .
Next year , a group at the University Observatory of Munich will begin looking for microlensing events in Andromeda using a new 2 - metre telescope on Mount Wendelstein in Germany .
Possible planet
They might just get lucky and spot the first planet in another galaxy … unless that has already been done .
Jetzer was part of a group that spotted an uneven microlensing event from Andromeda using the Isaac Newton Telescope on the Spanish island of La Palma .
When they reported it in 2004 , they suggested that the lens could be a binary star , but according to the new simulation , the lensing pattern fits a star with a smaller companion weighing just 6 or 7 times the mass of Jupiter .
“ It plausibly could be a planet , ” says Andrew Gould of Ohio State University , who was not part of the team .
The matter will probably not be settled , since lensing events occur randomly and do not repeat themselves , and for the foreseeable future , other techniques will be unable to detect planets beyond the Milky Way .
Journal reference : Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society ( forthcoming )
June 23 , 2009 – 19:54
Although found couple not - so - minor bugs at last moment ( as usual ) , django couchdb adapter is functional enough to support most of standard django admin .
Project trac : http://trac.khavr.com/project/django-couchdb/
Repository : http://github.com/42/42-django-couchdb/
The Case for ' Looking Forward ' to the Impeachment of Jay S. Bybee ...
Ernest A. Canning Byon 4/22/2009 , 9:48 am PT
Guest Blogged by Ernest A. Canning
At the same time he took a step forward , releasing the four Justice Department torture memos he described as a " dark and painful chapter in our history , " President Barack Obama assured CIA employees , who tortured under cover of these quasi-legal sophistries , they would not be prosecuted .
The President said this was " a time for reflection , not retribution ... nothing will be gained by spending our time and energy laying blame for the past . "
White House Press Secretary Robert Gibb explained that the President insisted on " looking forward . "
U.S. Attorney General Eric
Holder not only seconded the President 's promise not to prosecute , but vowed to provide legal counsel to defend these war criminals and to pay the damages awarded to their victims .
Great Britain's Times Online , quoting an unnamed former official , suggested there may be cases where the CIA exceeded the DOJ guidelines ; perhaps even killed detainees .
The President 's hint at immunity does not extend to officials who exceeded the guidelines .
Although the President , in his remarks , made no mention of those who ordered torture , White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel told ABC 's George Stephanopoulos last Sunday that the President did not believe " those who devised the policy " should " be prosecuted . "
The President 's promise not to prosecute generated a firestorm of protest from the legal community .
Law Professor Jonathan
Turley blasted the effort to equate law enforcement with " retribution . "
He is trying to lay the ground work for principle when he is doing an unprincipled thing .... President Obama himself has said that waterboarding is torture , and torture itself violates four treaties and is considered a war crime .
So the refusal to allow it to be investigated is to obstruct a war crimes investigation .
… There are n't any convenient or inconvenient times to investigate war crimes .
You do n't have a choice ....
You have an obligation to do it , and what I think the President is desperately trying to do is to sell this idea that somehow it 's a principled thing not to investigate war crimes because its going to be painful …
It will be politically unpopular because an investigation will go directly to the doorstep of President Bush … and there 's not going to be a lot of defenses that can be raised for ordering a torture program .
Rep. Jan Schakowsky ( D - IL ) who serves on a House Intelligence Sub-Committee , added fuel to the firestorm by contrasting the President 's advancement of the " I was only following orders " defense to the principles our nation applied at Nuremberg after WWII .
Manfred Nowak , the UN special rapporteur on torture , said the President 's refusal to prosecute violates the UN Convention Against Torture .
Before discussing the refreshing news that we have a President who , in the face of such a powerful critique , is not afraid to reverse course , let 's consider what it means to " look forward " given that the principle author of these torture memos , Judge Jay S. Bybee , now sits on the 9th Circuit Court of Appeal , passing judgments on others .
Absent incapacity or impeachment , there he will stay for the rest of his life ...
Recalibrating Obama 's Moral Compass
By the morning of April 21 , The New York Times reported that " administration officials " were now saying " Emanuel meant " only that the President did not want " officials who ordered the policies carried out " to be prosecuted .
" The lawyers who provided the legal rationale " are apparently fair game .
By the afternoon , London 's Guardian reported that the President now says the decision whether to prosecute " Senior members of the Bush administration who approved " torture rested with the Attorney General .
The President referred to torture as America 's loss of its " moral bearings . "
As I noted previously , in " Prosecute or Perish , " the President 's illogical formulation of not looking back was incompatible with the very essence of the rule of law .
It is only by " exploring the the dark recesses of our past " that " we can develop a light for examining --- and changing --- the future . "
( John Perkins , The Secret History of the American Empire ( 2007 ) ) .
The rule of law , by definition , entails investigation of and prosecution for crimes previously committed .
There 's no denying the intellectual capacity of our charismatic President .
His ability to deliver uplifting oration is second to none .
Yet , his political instinct to seek out the center exposed a critical moral flaw .
When it comes to torture and to the very foundation of the rule of law , there is no " common ground . "
The President and the Attorney General have both taken a solemn oath to faithfully execute the law .
To refuse to enforce the law is to obstruct justice .
It is not enough that the President has said that the Attorney General may look to prosecute those who ordered torture .
We must insure that he and the Attorney General resist the temptation to again seek a middle ground where there is none , lest they destroy their own " moral bearings . "
Turley suggests the best way to insure that is by way appointing a truly independent career prosecutor to act as a special prosecutor .
The activists ' petition which asks the AG to appoint that special prosecutor would certainly serve to steady Eric Holder 's moral compass .
But , as Elizabeth de la Vega , a former federal prosecutor with 20 years of experience , has forcefully argued the immediate appointment of a special prosecutor potentially entails serious draw backs , making it , in her opinion , a poor tactical choice .
A jolt is needed to insure that the President 's moral compass points true north .
That jolt requires a repetition of that shining moment when Rep. Dennis Kucinich ( D - OH ) stood on the floor of the House of Representatives and briefly seized hold of the nation 's conscience by reading aloud 35 articles of impeachment against George W. Bush .
What America and the rule of law need is for the Honorable John Conyers , Chair of the U.S. House Judiciary Committee , to initiate hearings to determine whether now - Circuit Court Judge Bybee should be impeached --- hearings at which Congress would have the right to fully investigate what went on inside the CIA 's hidden dungeons .
Accomplice to Torture
As noted in the March 29 , 2009 update to " Prosecute or Perish , " Judge Bybee is the target of a criminal complaint filed by Spanish prosecutors pursuant to the Geneva Conventions and the 1984 Convention Against Torture .
The evidence against Bybee is his own words , recorded in a long - ago released memo to Alberto Gonzales interpreting the 1984 Convention Against Torture as implemented by U.S. statutes .
To appreciate the gravity of the legal gymnastics Bybee performed , consider first , The Third Geneva Convention :
No physical or mental torture , nor any other form of coercion , may be inflicted on prisoners of war to secure from them information of any kind whatsoever .
Prisoners of war who refuse to answer may not be threatened , insulted , or exposed to any unpleasant or disadvantageous treatment of any kind .
The federal statute , which implements the 1984 Convention Against Torture , proscribes " any act " which intentionally inflicts " severe pain or suffering ... whether physical or mental " for the purpose of extracting " information or a confession . "
" Mental pain or suffering refers to prolonged mental harm caused by -- [ emphasis added ]
( A ) the intentional infliction or threatened infliction of severe physical pain or suffering ; ( B ) the administration or application , or threatened administration or application , of mind altering substances or other procedures calculated to disrupt profoundly the senses or the personality ; ( C ) the threat of imminent death ; or ( D ) the threat that another individual will imminently be subjected to death , severe physical pain or suffering , or the administration or application of mind altering substances or other procedures calculated to disrupt profoundly the senses or personality .
As the Bybee / Gonzales memo confirms , a provision of the USA / Patriot Act makes conspiracy to commit torture a crime .
The Bybee / Gonzales memo reflects the twisted reasoning of a Mob lawyer .
Focusing on the words " severe pain and suffering , " Bybee claimed an act would not amount to torture unless the physical pain inflicted was equal in " intensity to the pain accompanying serious physical injury , such as organ failure , impairment of bodily function , or even death . "
Bybee construed the " application , or threatened ... application , of mind altering substances or other procedures calculated to disrupt profoundly the senses or the personality " to include only those acts which " penetrate to the core of an individual 's ability to perceive the world around him , substantially interfering with his cognitive abilities , or fundamentally alter his personality . "
While Bybee graciously conceded that driving someone " to the brink of suicide , " " a drug - induced dementia " or " significant memory impairment " would qualify as " a profound disruption of the senses or personality , " he asserted the abuse must produce " psychological harm of significant duration , e.g. , lasting for months or even years " before it met the statutory definition of torture .
" The waterboard , " though it constitutes a threat of " imminent death , " would not be a war crime , in Bybee 's view , unless it produced " psychological harm of significant duration . "
The reasoning of Bybee --- again , he 's now a federal judge with a lifetime appointment --- would have produced a failing grade for a first year law student .
" Other procedures calculated to disrupt " focuses on the method employed by the torturer , not the ultimate harm inflicted on the victim .
In recognition that his interpretation of U.S. war crimes statutes was pure B.S. , Bybee 's memo to Gonzales turned to " Unitary Executive " theory .
He made the astounding claim that even if Congress intended to proscribe torture , " the Department of Justice could not enforce [ the statute ] against federal officials acting pursuant to the President 's constitutional authority to wage a military campaign . "
The newly released memos include an Aug. 1 , 2002 memo [ PDF ] from Bybee to John Rizzo , the Acting General Counsel of the CIA .
In it , Bybee sanctioned the use of ten techniques which the CIA intended to apply in interrogating suspected terrorist Abu Zubaydah .
The techniques included " walling , " " cramped confinement , " " wall standing , " " stress positions , " " sleep deprivation , " " insects placed in a confinement box " and " the waterboard . "
Walling entails slamming the detainee into a flexible wall .
Wall standing entails an individual made to stand [ emphasis added ] " four to five feet from a wall , with his feet spread ....
His arms are stretched out in front of him , with his fingers resting on the wall ...[ supporting ] all of his body weight .
The individual is not permitted to move or reposition his hands or feet . "
Stress positions , as applied to Zubaydah , would likely include " sitting on the floor with legs extended straight in front ... arms raised above his head ; and ... kneeling on the floor while leaning back at a 45 degree angle . "
Bybee 's memo notes that Zubaydah appeared " quite flexible despite his wound , " but the nature of the wound is not described .
Recall that during WWII it only took the Japanese Kempetai a single waterboarding session , albeit over the span of hours with multiple lapses of consciousness , to convince my father to sign a false confession that he was a British agent , even though my father believed he was signing his own death warrant .
A separate May 30 , 2005 memo from the DOJ's Stephen Bradbury [ PDF ] revealed that Zubaydah was waterboarded 83 times in August 2002 .
The Washington Post reported :
In the end , though , not a single significant plot was foiled as a result of Abu Zubaida 's tortured confessions .... Nearly all of the leads attained through the harsh measures quickly evaporated , while most of the useful information from Abu Zubaida --- chiefly names of al - Qaeda members and associates --- was obtained before waterboarding was introduced .
The question naturally arises as to whether 83 waterboarding sessions reflects a degree of sadism or efforts akin to " fix[ing ] the facts and the intelligence around the policy " , as the Bush Administration is alleged to have done , in order to take the nation into war in Iraq , as reported in the " Downing Street Memo " .
Or maybe it was both .
Democracy Now reports : " In 2007 , a former CIA officer publicly claimed that Abu Zubaydah had undergone waterboarding for only thirty - five seconds before agreeing to tell everything he knew . "
The Bradbury memo reveals that the supposed " 9/11 mastermind " Khalid Sheikh Mohammed was waterboarded 183 times in March 2003 , which just happens to be the month of the invasion of Iraq .
Bybee , who made a transparent effort at CYA by limiting his opinion to the facts provided by Rizzo , seemed to draw comfort in Rizzo 's assertion that the CIA did not intend to " deprive Zubaydah of sleep for more than eleven days at a time . "
Time and again , Bybee claimed the techniques would neither inflict " severe physical pain and suffering " nor cause " long - term psychological effects . "
Anyone familiar with the CIA 's research and application of the twin techniques of sensory deprivation and self - inflicted pain would tell you that the opposite is true .
A Half - Century of CIA Torture
The CIA 's involvement in torture did not begin in the post - 9/11 era .
As Prof .
Alfred McCoy explained during a stunning and explosive Feb. 17 , 2006 interview on Democracy Now , in " the most famous of photographs from Abu Ghraib , of the Iraqi standing on the box , arms extended with a hood over head and the fake electrical wires from his arms … you can see the entire 50 - year history of CIA torture . "
The photo embodies two basic CIA techniques , sensory deprivation and self - inflicted pain .
" From 1950 to 1962 , the CIA ran a massive research project , a veritable Manhattan Project of the mind , spending over $ 1 billion a year to crack the code of human consciousness , from both mass persuasion and the use of coercion in individual interrogation … .
They tried LSD , … mescaline , …all kinds of drugs , …electroshock , truth serum , sodium pentathol .
None of it worked . "
The first breakthrough , McCoy says , came via a joint CIA / Canadian Research Board study conducted by Dr. Donald O. Hebb at McGill University , who persuaded " student volunteers " to participate in a study where they would be subjected to sensory deprivation .
" Within 48 hours , … they would suffer , first hallucinations , then ultimately breakdown . "
The second breakthrough came via the research analysis of two eminent Cornell University Medical Center neurologists , who , in evaluating Soviet torture techniques , discovered that pain was most effective when " self - inflicted . "
McCoy addressed the issue of self - inflicted pain in A Question of Torture ( 2006 ) .
Where Bybee made the remarkable claim that " wall standing " --- in which a victim 's fingers must support his entire body weight --- merely induces muscle fatigue , McCoy points to a 1956 CIA - commissioned , Cornell University study of KGB torture techniques which revealed that the simple act of standing in place for eighteen to twenty - four hours produces " ' excruciating pain ' as ankles double in size , skin becomes ' tense and intensely painful , ' blisters erupt oozing ' watery serum , ' heart rates soar , kidneys shut down , and delusions deepen . "
The research on sensory deprivation and self - inflicted pain led to publication of the formerly secret CIA manual KUBARK Counterintelligence Interrogation - July 1963 .
I 'll try to offer more detail in a future article , on the inter - generational CIA complicity in torture .
But suffice to say for the moment , if such practices are not finally brought to an end , once and for all , hopefully through accountability for those who justified them --- fixing the facts around the policy --- the President 's promise that it wo n't happen again is little more than a vague wish .
We need accountability in hopes of looking forward , not back , beginning with U.S. House Judiciary Hearings on the matter of the Impeachment of Judge Jay S. Bybee .
Note :
You can join with The New York Times in calling for Bybee 's impeachment by signing the petition now being circulated by the Center for Constitutional Rights , right here .
===
Ernest A. Canning has been an active member of the California State Bar since 1977 and has practiced in the fields of civil litigation and workers ' compensation at both the trial and appellate levels .
He graduated cum laude from Southwestern University School of Law where he served as a student director of the clinical studies department and authored the Law Review Article , Executive Privilege : Myths & Realities .
He received an MA in political science at Cal State University Northridge and a BA in political science from UCLA .
He is also a Vietnam vet ( 4th infantry , Central Highlands 1968 ) .
GRAND CHUTE , Wis .
On a buzzing boulevard in this busy shopping town , across from a supermarket and not far from a PetSmart , there sits a building that might be mistaken for a place where you can have your teeth cleaned , were it not for the name affixed to the brick : The John Birch Society .
For some , that name means nothing .
Or it sparks flashbacks to the 1960s , when the John Birch Society was synonymous with seeing red here , there and everywhere .
Maybe you displayed a Birch bumper sticker on your car ; maybe you enjoyed the Chad Mitchell Trio song mocking the Birch obsession with communism :
You cannot trust your neighbor or even next of kin
If mommy is a commie then you gotta turn her in .
Yet for others , the John Birch Society is urgently relevant to the matters of today , in its support of secure borders and limited government , its distrust of the Federal Reserve and the United Nations , and its belief in a conspiracy to merge Mexico , Canada and the United States .
This so - called North American Union , it asserts , is part of a larger plot by an amorphous , amoral group of powerful elite  including but not limited to the Council on Foreign Relations , the Trilateral Commission and the Rockefellers  to take over planet Earth .
Call it the New World Order .
Some of these theories may sound like cable television chatter , or the synopsis of a Dan Brown bestseller .
But Birch leaders say this plot is real , with roots going back more than 200 years to a secret , insidious brotherhood called the Illuminati , and with most American presidents among its many dupes and abettors .
Clear just closed down .
Here ’s how it worked while it was in business .
You paid $ 200 for a one - year membership .
You underwent a big , complicated background check to prove that you were extra-super - trustworthy .
In exchange , in a few big airports , you got to skip to the front of the TSA line for screening .
Now , you did n’t skip the screening itself .
You still went through the X - ray machine and had to remove your shoes , belt , pocket contents , laptops , and plastic quart ziplock bag of toiletries .
You just got to cut to the front of the line .
A few people signed up .
In certain airports , it was , indeed , worth actual money to cut to the front of the line .
This was n’t Clear ’s actual business plan .
The actual business plan was that Clear would do detailed background checks on travellers , who would then be trusted to bypass security completely because they were extra-super - trustworthy .
Now , the TSA does n’t even trust pilots , who go through the same screening as the rest of us to make sure they ’re not bringing something extraordinarily dangerous onto a plane like a 3.5 oz bottle of shampoo .
Because , of course , with a little bottle of shampoo , they could make a bomb , which they could use to fly the plane they are piloting into a building , something that is impossible for mere pilots sitting at the controls of the jet .
So as it turns out , the TSA never actually agreed to go along with this skipping - the - screening thing , and ultimately , all Clear was allowed to do was get you to the front of the line .
At this point , and here ’s the interesting part , at this point , a rational businessperson would say , “ Well , does the Clear idea still make sense if we ca n’t actually let you skip the screening ? ”
OK , maybe it still makes sense to charge to skip to the front of the line .
Maybe there ’s a business model in that .
In that case , though , why did they still do background checks ?
It does n’t make any sense .
The environment changed .
It turns out that Clear ’s business model of prescreening was n’t going to be possible .
But they kept doing it anyway .
What kind of organizational dysfunction does it take to completely ignore the changed circumstances and keep at a money - losing business ?
What ’s even funnier is that Clear could probably have been profitable if they had just skipped the one unnecessarily stupid part of their business model : the detailed background checks on all their customers .
Nobody at Clear did any thinking .
They had a business model , the business model was n’t actually possible , everybody knew it , and they still plugged away at it .
Thoughtless optimism .
I do n’t know whether to salute ‘ em or laugh .
It looks like the PC will not be only platform to be home for Battlefield Heroes .
According to EA , this game will be coming to PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 as well .
At the moment there is no rating , but it is pretty obvious EA is going for a Teen rating .
Expect this title in June 2009 , no word on price though it is free for the PC .
Update : Apparently the listing was a typo .
Battlefield is only coming to PC , not Xbox 360 or PS3 .
[ Via ]
Kowalski works for a car delivery service .
He takes delivery of a 1970 Dodge Challenger to take from Colorado to San Francisco , California .
Shortly after pickup , he takes a bet to get the car there in less than 15 hours .
After a few run-ins with motorcycle cops and highway patrol they start a chase to bring him into custody .
Along the way , Kowalski is guided by Supersoul - a blind DJ with a police radio scanner .
Throw in lots of chase scenes , gay hitchhikers , a naked woman riding a motorbike , lots of Mopar and you 've got a great cult hit from the early 70's .
Written by Matthew
America has signalled a radical new initiative to bring the Taliban into the Afghan political process as part of growing efforts to achieve a peaceful resolution to the war in Afghanistan .
The US ambassador to Kabul told the Observer that America would be prepared to discuss the establishment of a political party , or even election candidates representing the Taliban , as part of a political strategy that would sit alongside reinforced military efforts to end the increasingly intractable conflict .
The move will cause concern among allies struggling to keep pace with rapidly evolving US policy .
Other ideas being discussed include changing the Afghan constitution as part of potential negotiations , taking senior Taliban figures off UN blacklists to establish dialogue and possible prisoner releases .
European nations are currently weighing up US requests for more troops and resources for Afghanistan ahead of a series of forthcoming summits .
Tough fighting is expected as America sends a surge of 17,000 troops into the country before the August elections .
In recent days more than 100 , including five Nato soldiers , have died in fighting and bomb attacks across the country .
More than 30 insurgents died in a clash in the southern Helmand province , a Nato spokesman said .
William Wood , the outgoing US ambassador to Afghanistan , told the Observer that " insurgencies , like all wars ... end when there is an agreement " .
He said while the US saw " no way there could be power - sharing or an enclave " for the Taliban , " there is room for discussion on the formation of political parties [ or ] running ... for elections .
That is very different from shooting your way into power . "
The key requirement would be respect for the constitution , Wood added .
" They have said ' No start of negotiations without prior departure of foreign forces . '
That 's not serious .
Let 's get serious . "
Taliban and other insurgents are currently flowing into Afghanistan from Pakistan as milder weather allows passage over the mountains .
Last week , the head of Nato forces in Afghanistan , General David McKiernan , admitted to the Observer that his troops " were not winning " in the south and parts of the east of the country , though progress was being made elsewhere .
This year will be " critical " and " tough " , he said .
In Kabul , the Observer has discovered at least four attempts at exploratory negotiations between insurgents , their representatives and the Afghan government .
One involves Gulbuddin Hekmatyar , the Islamist warlord and former prime minister , whose militants are responsible for the deaths of hundreds of international and Afghan soldiers and civilians in the east of Afghanistan .
Two weeks ago Hekmatyar 's representatives and government emissaries met in a hotel in Dubai , according to Senator Arsala Rahmani , a former Taliban minister who is a key intermediary .
Rahmani also claims to have been in touch with Jalaluddin Haqqani , a veteran militant behind a series of bloody attacks in Kabul and eastern Afghanistan .
Other contacts include those between Taliban leaders and President Hamid Karzai 's brother , and those brokered by a group of ex-Taliban leaders now living under amnesty in Kabul including Abdul Salam Zaeef , former ambassador to Pakistan .
Nato and EU officials have met Zaeef to discuss Taliban demands .
A Pakistan - Afghan " jirga " , or assembly of elders , has established a " reconciliation committee " to " reach out to extremists " .
Meanwhile , Prime Minister Gordon Brown is to launch a new British counterterrorism strategy targeting Pakistan .
Writing in today 's Observer he warns of an " al - Qaida core in northern Pakistan trying to organise attacks in Britain " .
Al - Qaida is still active in Afghanistan but the threat has crossed the border , he adds : " Over two thirds of the plots threatening the UK are linked to Pakistan .
Together with the US administration we are developing a new strategy for how we tackle the terrorist threat across the region , the underlying causes , the extremist madrasas and the lawless spaces in which terrorists can recruit or train . "
Writing after British Muslim cleric Anjem Choudary suggested homosexuals be stoned , Brown also urged civic society " to stand up to people who advocate violence and preach hate " and promised a new approach to threats of chemical , biological and nuclear attack .
In Kabul , Wood said the upper ranks of the Afghan insurgency had yet to show any " inclination " for reconciliation .
Al - Qaida remained " the enemy of the world " , making talks inconceivable .
Remember the infamous leaked Vikram S. Pandit memo we wrote to you about awhile back that suddenly saw Citigroup Inc. ( NYSE : C ) turn a profit on nothing more than vapors ?
Stay tuned :
We 're about to see more of these puffed - up profits .
JPMorgan Chase & Co. ( NYSE : JPM ) , Bank of America Corp. ( NYSE : BAC ) and PNC Financial Services Inc. ( NYSE : PNC ) will reportedly be booking as much as $ 56 billion in windfall profits using similar financial chicanery in the months ahead .
Sadly , millions of investors will likely interpret this as a sign that the U.S. financial sector is once again a viable " profit " play – when the reality is that Wall Street has n't learned a single darned thing from the financial crisis and is up to its old tricks once again .
Dear President Obama :
The United States of America prides itself on having the finest military in the world because of the hard work , dedication , and sacrifices of our brave servicemen and women .
And yet , under 10 U.S.C. § 654 ( Policy Concerning Homosexuality in the Armed Forces ) , better known as " Do n't Ask , Don't Tell , " the talents and contributions of our openly gay , lesbian , bisexual , and transgender ( LGBT ) service members continue to be ignored simply because of who they are .
Every day , we lose approximately two service members to this misguided , unjust , and flat - out discriminatory policy .
Do n't Ask , Don't
Tell is not only an injustice to them , but a disservice to the U.S. military and our country as a whole .
As you know , Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell was signed into law in 1993 by former President Bill Clinton as a compromise to allow gay and lesbian service members to serve in the military -- so long as they did not disclose their sexual orientations .
Fifteen years later , Do n't Ask Don't
Tell is instead negatively impacting the lives and livelihoods of these military professionals and depriving our Armed Forces of their honorable service .
Since you took office on January 20 , 2009 , more than 250 gay and lesbian service members have been discharged under this law , which continues to undermine and demoralize the more than 65,000 gay and lesbian Americans currently serving on active duty .
Although we are confident that you will remain true to your campaign promise to end Do n't Ask , Don't Tell , our LGBT service members and our country 's national security will continue to suffer if initial action is delayed until 2010 or 2011 .
We urge you to exercise the maximum discretion legally possible in administering Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell until Congress repeals the law .
To this end , we ask that you direct the Armed Services not to initiate any investigation of service personnel to determine their sexual orientation , and that you instruct them to disregard third party accusations that do not allege violations of the Uniform Code of Military Justice .
That is , we request that you impose that no one is asked and that you ignore , as the law requires , third parties who tell .
Under your leadership , Congress must then repeal and replace Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell with a policy of inclusion and non-discrimination .
This bilateral strategy would allow our openly gay and lesbian service members to continue serving our country and demonstrate our nation 's lasting commitment to justice and equality for all .
As the United States continues to work towards responsibly ending the War in Iraq and refocus on the threat from al Qaeda in Afghanistan and Pakistan , our LGBT service members offer invaluable skills that enhance our country 's military competence and readiness .
Despite the great strain on our military 's human resources , the Armed Forces have discharged almost 800 mission - critical troops and at least 59 Arabic and nine Farsi linguists under Don't Ask , Don't Tell in the last five years .
This is indefensible .
The financial cost alone of implementing Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell from Fiscal Year 1994 - 2003 was more than $ 363.8 million .
Our nation 's military has always held itself to the highest standards , and we must recruit and retain the greatest number of our best and brightest .
To do anything less only hurts our country 's military readiness and our service members .
We also want to bring to your attention the most recent examples of the failed Don't Ask , Do n't Tell policy in action .
New York National Guard First Lieutenant Dan Choi and Air Force Lieutenant Colonel Victor Fehrenbach are two exceptional servicemen who have dedicated their lives to defending our country and protecting the American people .
Their bravery and abilities have been tested in combat , and now they face impending discharge under Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell .
First Lieutenant Choi , a current National Guardsman with the 1st Battalion of the 69th Infantry in Manhattan , is a West Point graduate , Arabic language specialist , and Iraq War veteran who is under investigation for refusing to lie about his identity .
Lieutenant Colonel Fehrenbach , Assistant Director of Operations for the 366th Operations Support Squadron at Mountain Home Air Force Base in Idaho , has honorably served his country for 18 years as an F - 15E pilot .
He has received nine air medals , including a Medal for Heroism during the 2003 invasion of Iraq , and was hand - picked to protect the airspace over Washington , D.C. after the Pentagon was attacked on September 11 , 2001 .
Lieutenant Colonel Fehrenbach , who has flown combat missions in Iraq and Afghanistan against the Taliban and al Qaeda , continues to serve while the recommendation for his honorable discharge moves forward to a review board , and eventually to the Secretary of the Air Force .
Just two years away from his 20 - year retirement , he stands to lose $ 46,000 a year in retirement and medical benefits for the rest of his life if discharged .
The American people and service members of the Armed Forces overwhelmingly support the repeal of Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell .
According to a national Gallup poll conducted in May 2009 , 69 % of Americans , including 58 % of Republicans , favor allowing openly gay men and lesbian women to serve in the military .
Furthermore , a 2006 poll of 545 troops who served in Iraq and Afghanistan by Zogby International and the Michael D. Palm Center at the University of California , Santa Barbara , revealed that 73 % are personally comfortable with gay men and lesbian women .
John Shalikashvili , former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff during the Clinton administration , and more than 100 retired admirals and generals support this repeal , in addition to the Human Rights Campaign , the Servicemembers Legal Defense Network , and Knights Out , an organization of LGBT West Point alumni cofounded by First Lieutenant Choi .
Mr. President , we cannot afford to lose any more of our dedicated and talented service members to Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell .
On behalf of First Lieutenant Choi , Lieutenant Colonel Fehrenbach , and the more than 12,500 gay and lesbian service members who have been discharged since Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell was implemented in 1994 , we stand ready to assist you in repealing this dishonorable and debilitating law as soon as possible , and in restoring justice and equality in our Armed Forces .
Please know that we will continue to monitor this situation and are hopeful that , together , we can address this urgent issue soon .
Thank you for your consideration and we look forward to your response .
Since there are plenty of people -- gaystraight -- who feel the government should have nothing to do with the institution of marriage , there are some who just roll their eyes when the topic of same sex marriage comes up .
No one , however , rolls their eyes when the subject of gay men and women being drummed out of the military because of " Do n't Ask , Don't Tell . "
This is something that is immediate and urgent .
The stories about capable and patriotic young men and women being kicked out of the service because they feel dishonored to live a lie , should have been ended in the first hour that Barack Obama entered the White House .
He 's the Commander - in - Chief and even if it takes an act of Congress to change the law , it just takes an order for the White House to change a military enforcement policy .
Yesterday 76 House Democrats , and a Republican representing a very gay district in South Florida , sent Obama a letter asking him for a presidential moratorium on the heinous and destructive policy .
Florida Rep. Alcee Hastings took the lead role , and a wide array of congressmembers signed on : Barney Frank ( D - MA ) , John Conyers , Jr. ( D - MI ) , Pete Stark ( D - CA ) , Ed Markey ( D - MA ) , Gary Ackerman ( D - NY ) , Louise Slaughter ( D - NY ) , Eliot Engel ( D - NY ) , Jim McDermott ( D - WA ) , Ileana Ros-Lehtinen ( R- FL ) , José Serrano ( D - NY ) , James Moran ( D - VA ) , Jerrold Nadler ( D - NY ) , Eleanor Holmes Norton ( D - DC ) , Ed Pastor ( D - AZ ) , James Clyburn ( D - SC ) , Anna Eshoo ( D - CA ) , Bob Filner ( D - CA ) , Luis Gutierrez ( D - IL ) , Eddie Bernice Johnson ( D - TX ) , Carolyn Maloney ( D - NY ) , Bobby Scott ( D - VA ) , Bennie Thompson ( D - MS ) , Nydia Velázquez ( D - NY ) , Melvin Watt ( D - NC ) , Lynn Woolsey ( D - CA ) , Lloyd Doggett ( D - TX ) , Chaka Fattah ( D - PA ) , Jane Harman ( D - CA ) , Lois Capps ( D - CA ) , Donna M. Christensen ( D - VI ) , Diana DeGette ( D - CO ) , Bill Delahunt ( D - MA ) , Carolyn Cheeks Kilpatrick ( D - MI ) , Dennis Kucinich ( D - OH ) , Barbara Lee ( D - CA ) , James McGovern ( D - MA ) , Brad Sherman ( D - CA ) , Robert Wexler ( D - FL ) , Tammy Baldwin ( D - WI ) , Shelley Berkley ( D - NV ) , Michael Capuano ( D - MA ) , Joseph Crowley ( D - NY ) , Rush Holt ( D - NJ ) , John Larson ( D - CT ) , Grace Napolitano ( D - CA ) , Jan Schakowsky ( D - IL ) , Anthony Weiner ( D - NY ) , David Wu ( D - OR ) , William Lacy Clay ( D - MO ) , Mike Honda ( D - CA ) , James Langevin ( D - RI ) , Betty McCollum ( D - MN ) , Diane Watson ( D - CA ) , Tim Bishop ( D - NY ) , Raúl Grijalva ( D - AZ ) , Linda Sánchez ( D - CA ) , Emanuel Cleaver ( D - MO ) , Doris Matsui ( D - CA ) , Gwen Moore ( D - WI ) , Debbie Wasserman Schulz ( D - FL ) , André Carson ( D - IN ) , Kathy Castor ( D - FL ) , Yvette Clarke ( D - NY ) , Donna Edwards ( D - MD ) , Keith Ellison ( D - MN ) , Marcia Fudge ( D - OH ) , Phil Hare ( D - IL ) , Mazie Hirono ( D - HI ) , Laura Richardson ( D - CA ) , Joe Sestak ( D - PA ) , Niki Tsongas ( D - MA ) , Peter Welch ( D - VT ) , Alan Grayson ( D - FL ) , Jared Polis ( D - CO ) , Mike Quigley ( D - IL ) , and Gregorio Sablan ( D - MP ) .
People in Palm Springs might want to ask why Mary Bono Mack was n't a signer .
The complete letter : Sunday Senator Chris Dodd had written an editorial for theabout the evolution of his thinking when it comes to equality for gay people .
And yesterday Change.org published 5 powerful quotes from 5 former military leaders about why DADT should be repealed , starting with a very strong statement -- made yesterday -- by Clifford Alexander , who was the former Secretary of the Army under President Jimmy Carter and the first African American to hold the post .
" The policy is an absurdity and borderline on being an obscenity .
What it does is cause people to ask of themselves that they lie to themselves , that they pretend to be something that they are not .
There is no empirical evidence that would indicate that it affects military cohesion .
There is a lot of evidence to say that the biases of the past have been layered onto the United States Army .
" The other quotes are from 2 current members of Congress , Iraq War Vet Patrick Murphy and Retired United States Navy Vice Admiral Joe Sestak , both from Pennsylvania .
The quote they use from Sestak he 's actually said to me as well : " We have to correct this .
It 's just not right .
I can remember being out there in command , and someone would come up to you and start to tell you -- and you just want to say , no , I do n't want to lose you , you 're too good . "
Labels : Do n't Ask Don't
Tell , gay equality
Enable A Bank That Is Sensible Reply Your Cash Advance Issues
A lot of people are currently looking at a No credit check payday loans .
There is much distress as to how they work and how they are feasible .
It is instead very easy the other you might find yourself seriously considering .
A Payday Loan Online is really a short term loan .
It ’snot meant to be utilized for significant expenditures and you also do not make funds over along period of time .
In reality , you merely make one fee , to settle the total amount of cash you lent and also a small , onetime charge that is based on the level of your loan .
There is no high interest costs added on .
Most representatives are prepared to reply all of your inquiries within the telephone .
Although , if you would like to progress with a loan , many creditors do require paperwork to become done in person .
Borrowing money from relatives and buddies is definitely one and a delicate topic that lots of try to avoid .
Though the loans may be totally free or inexpensive , there is usually the connection price which pushes the cost way up .
If the connection is strained by the personal loan , online primary payday loan lenders value does n’t look so costly .
The amount as possible be prepared to get on your first paydayloan is likely to be relatively modest .
This can range between $ 100 as much as about $ 400 .
Following the first one , if you pay punctually as well as in whole , they will permit you to get a bit more .
Some states only let paydayloans to move up to $ 500 , among others will let you get right up 500 , to $ 1 .
To qualify for a Cash Advance Online you have to be of appropriate age , possess a recent checking or checking account , along with a firm regular income source .
Your earnings will come from another supply of , established money that is trusted or the work and you can get paid weekly , monthly , or biweekly .
The fee continues to be not luxurious , but is at the top of an APR size .
The important thing to remember is that these short - term loans are not supposed to be paid down within the course of annually .
They rip off individuals who require a loan , in many cases are desperate to possess a loan and get your specifics must be site is dangerous and secure .
Little - Enforced Law Opens Window for Suits Against Extremist Groups
Created : June 03 , 2009 06:00 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Photo by : SMN , Flickr Creative Common
The threats started in 1995 .
It was the anniversary of Roe v. Wade , and the American Coalition of Life Activists decided to create a poster for their annual meeting listing the names and address of a group of doctors who performed abortions .
They called them “ the Deadly Dozen , ” and declared each guilty of “ crimes against humanity . ”
They offered $ 5,000 for information leading to their arrest , conviction , or revocation of their medical licenses .
ACLA members distributed the poster at the group ’s events and published it in an affiliated magazine .
Illustration by : Matt Mahurin
Then later that year , ACLA unveiled a second poster , this time targeting Dr. Robert Crist , an abortion provider in Kansas City .
The poster listed his home and work addresses and featured his photograph .
It offered $ 500 to “ any ACLA organization that successfully persuades Crist to turn from his child killing through activities within ACLA guidelines , ” which prohibited violence .
The following January , ACLA created the “ Nuremberg Files ” — a series of dossiers it had compiled on doctors , clinic employees , politicians , judges and other abortion rights supporters .
Dr. George Tiller of Wichita , Kans. , who was killed Sunday , was among them .
They would be prosecuted , ACLA wrote , “ once the tide of this nation ’s opinion turns against the wanton slaughter of God ’s children . ”
ACLA sent copies of the dossiers to an anti-abortion activist who posted the information on a Website .
There , the names of those who had been attacked by “ anti-abortion terrorists ” — as the court called them — were listed , with a strike through the names of those who had been murdered .
The names of those wounded were grayed .
Although neither the posters nor the Website contained explicit threats against the doctors , similar posters had previously been made of other doctors shortly before they were violently attacked ; one was murdered .
Abortion providers soon took to wearing bulletproof vests , drew the curtains of their home windows and received protection from U.S. Marshals .
The strategy had worked .
Eventually , some of the doctors , represented by Planned Parenthood , sued ACLA , twelve activists and an affiliated organization , claiming that their actions violated the federal Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act , or FACE act , among other laws .
At trial , a jury found that the statements were “ true threats ” and therefore not protected by the First Amendment .
The doctors won $ 107 million in damages and an injunction barring the anti-abortion activists from distributing similar information in the future .
Although the anti-abortion protesters appealed , a majority of judges on the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed the verdict .
Such “ WANTED ” - style posters , the court ruled , in the context of previous similar threats and subsequent violence , and the lines drawn through the names of doctors who ’d been murdered , were not protected by the First Amendment : “ ACLA ’s conduct amounted to a true threat and is not protected speech . ”
The Supreme Court declined to review the case , and it remains good law .
Much of the discussion in the wake of Tiller ’s slaying has been about criminal prosecution of those who murder abortion doctors .
But there ’s a growing concern about the anti-abortion extremists — some call them domestic terrorists — who enable and encourage such murders by labeling abortion providers “ mass murderers ” , Nazis and worse , and implying that violent attacks against them are not only justified , but honorable .
As Rachel Maddow revealed in chilling detail in her MSNBC news show on Monday night , groups such as Rescue America , Prayer and Action News , Army of God and Operation Rescue Founder Randall Terry all appeared to be celebrating Tiller ’s murder on Monday .
And while extremists who promote violence against abortion providers could be prosecuted under state and federal law — and particularly under the federal FACE Act — the federal government in recent years has hardly prosecuted any such cases .
According to statistics provided by the Department of Justice , the Bush administration brought only about two criminal prosecutions per year in the entire country under the FACE Act , and never more than four in any single year .
The Clinton administration , in contrast , prosecuted 17 defendants for violations of the FACE Act in 1997 alone , and an average of about 10 per year since the law was enacted in 1994 .
Those cases included one against a woman in 1996 who yelled through a bullhorn to a doctor , “ Robert , remember Dr. Gunn .
This could happen to you … ” , referring to Dr. David Gunn , the first abortion doctor ever murdered , in 1993 .
In another case , a man who parked a Ryder truck outside a clinic shortly after the bombing of a federal building in Oklahoma City , where a Ryder truck had been used to carry explosives , was found to have threatened force .
Stalking , arson and bomb threats are also illegal .
Whether the dropoff in prosecutions is because the FACE
Act successfully deterred crimes after its enactment or because the Bush administration was n’t interested in prosecuting them is not clear .
“ The amount of activity really did drop a lot after FACE was enacted and it was beginning to be enforced , ” said Cathleen Mahoney , Executive Vice President of the National Abortion Federation who was an attorney in the Justice Department until 2006 .
“ Certainly the political will was n’t there . ”
That ’s disappointed Janet Crepps , deputy director of the legal program at the Center for Reproductive Rights .
“ I do n’t think that the government has done enough , ” she said , noting that while the Clinton administration had created a task force in the Department of Justice to coordinate responses to clinic threats and violence , during the Bush years , “ we ’ve heard that providers during that time would call DOJ for help and get no response . ”
Justice Department spokesman Alejandro Miyar said Tuesday that the task force still exists , and in a statement released after the fatal shooting of Dr. Tiller , Attorney General Eric Holder said that “ [ f ] ederal law enforcement is coordinating with local law enforcement officials in Kansas on the investigation of this crime . ”
It remains to be seen , however , whether the government will also investigate the anti-abortion activists who threaten abortion providers and may have worked with the actual murderer .
But as the Planned Parenthood case illustrates , the doctors and clinic workers who are targets of violent threats do n’t have to wait for the government to act .
The FACE act allows doctors or clinic workers to privately sue the individuals and groups making the threat .
And although that ’s been challenged on First Amendment grounds , its use has been upheld by the courts in cases where the intent to threaten or intimidate was clear .
The lawyer who represented Planned Parenthood in that case declined to be interviewed for this article , citing the sensitivity surrounding the issues , lack of knowledge of the circumstances of Dr. Tiller ’s death and respect for his family .
But several lawyers confirmed that the case , last litigated in 2006 when the anti-abortion groups tried to appeal to the Supreme Court , could serve as a model for others .
“ It ’s very fact - intensive , ” said Mahoney , from the National Abortion Foundation .
“ It really depends on the particular circumstances .
We would say that people should not be allowed to threaten anyone for providing legal medical services . ”
In addition to a private right to sue , state attorneys general can also enforce the law within their states .
Some civil libertarians , however , have concerns .
On “ The Rachel Maddow Show ” Monday , George Washington University Law Professor Jonathan Turley cautioned against prosecution or lawsuits against even those who promote violence .
“ We have this difficult line to walk between free speech and preventative law enforcement , ” he said .
“ The Supreme Court has said that violent speech is protected … and it is in fact protected to say all abortion doctors should be killed . ”
That ’s not necessarily true under the FACE Act , however .
The law specifically targets whoever “ by force or threat of force … intentionally injures , intimidates or interferes with … ” anyone who is a provider of abortion services or a patient trying to access them .
That ’s not to say that FACE is sufficient or its enforcement is easy .
“ It ’s penalties are significantly lower than many other federal criminal statutes , ” said Mahoney , who was involved in criminal prosecutions under FACE in the justice department .
The other difficulty , she acknowledged , is the “ delicate balance ” between protected speech and incitement to violence .
While the law does make it a crime to “ intimidate or interfere ” with provision of abortion services , “ there ’s a lot of law about what ’s a criminally actionable threat ” that makes intimidating statements difficult to prosecute .
“ It ’s not so much FACE as that whole body of law that ’s the difficulty , ” said Mahoney .
Avoiding such politically charged difficulties may be why the federal government appears in recent years to have avoided enforcing the law altogether .
The murder of George Tiller , apparently by a known anti-abortion zealot , may begin to change the political equation .
What is Octopus Girl ?
Octopus Girl is an artistic image showing a Japanese women interacting with an Octopus .
The work is said to have originated in the early 1800s by the Japanese artist Hokusai , a highly accomplished producer of adult art .
The octopus depicted in Octopus Girl is believed to be a variety local to coast line of north eastern Japan .
It is said that in Japan at the time such works were treated with such reverence that they could only be viewed by Samurai .
Octopus Girls a famous shock site that has been compared to 1 Man 1 Jar and TubGirl .
Although the storyline of the image is simple and the art work quite comic - like , the image itself has some complex themes .
Most notably , the theme of the place of human beings in nature is examined in Octopus Girl .
It raises several questions about ocean pollution and the nuclear industry .
May 29 , 2009
The Telegraph of London broke the news - because the US press is in a drugged stupor -- that the photos Obama is refusing to release of detainee abuse depict , among other sexual tortures , an American soldier raping a female detainee and a male translator raping a male prisoner .
The paper claims the photos also show anal rape of prisoners with foreign objects such as wires and lightsticks .
Major General Antonio Taguba calls the images `horrific ' and `indecent ' ( but absurdly agrees that Obama should not release them - proving once again that the definition of hypocrisy is the assertion that the truth is in poor taste ) .
Predictably , a few hours later the Pentagon issues a formal denial .
It is very likely that the Pentagon lying .
This is probably exactly what the photos show , because it happened .
Precisely these exact sex crimes - these exact images and these very objects -- are familiar and well - documented to those of us who follow closely rights ' organizations reports of what has already been confirmed .
As I wrote last year in my piece on sex crime against detainees , ' Sex Crimes in the White House , " highly perverse , systematic sexual torture and sexual humiliation was , original documents reveal , directed from the top ; Bush , Cheney , Rumsfeld and Rice were present in meetings where sexual humiliation was discussed as policy ; the Defense Authorization
Act of 2007 was written specifically to allow certain kinds of sexual abuse , such as forced nakedness , which is completely illegal and understood by domestic and international law to be a form of sexual assault ; Rumsfeld is in print and on the record consulting with subordinates about the policy and practice of sexual humiliation , in a collection of documents obtained by the ACLU by a Freedom of Information Act filing , compiled in Jameel Jaffer 's important book , The Torture Administration .
The image of the female , probably Iraqi , prisoner being sexually assaulted ?
That image , or a similar one , has been widely viewed in the Muslim world .
Reports of the rape scenes described have also appeared in rights organizations ' summaries since 2004 .
And scores of detainees who have told their stories to rights organizations have told independently confirming accounts of a highly consistent practice of sexual torture at US - held prisons , including having their genitals slashed with razors ; electrodes placed on genitals ; and being told US military would find and rape their mothers .
Is systemic sex crime practiced by the US in a consequence of the lawlessness of ` the war on terror ' surprising to those of us who work on issues of sexual abuse and war ?
It is totally predictable : when you give soldiers anywhere in the world the power , let alone the mandate , to hold women or men helpless , without recourse to law , kidnap them as a matter of policy - as US military kidnapped the wives of `insurgents ' in order to compel them to turn themselves in - strip them naked , and threaten them , you have a completely predictable recipe for mass sexual assault .
The magisterial study of rape in war , Susan Brownmiller 's Men , Women and Rape , proves that .
But what is far scarier about these images Obama refuses to release and that the Pentagon is likely to be lying about now is that it is not the evidence of lower - level soldiers being corrupted by power - it is proof of the fact that the most senior leadership - Bush , Rumsfeld and Cheney , with Rice 's collusion - were running a global sex crime trafficking ring with Guantanamo , Abu Ghraib and Baghram as the holding sites .
The sexual nature of the torture also gives the lie to Cheney 's and others ' defense of torture as somehow functional : the sexual perversity mandated from the top reveals that it was just plain old sick sadism gratified by a very sick form of pleasure .
I also pointed out in ` Sex Crimes in the White House ' that the escalation of the sexual abuse showed the same classic pattern shown by sex criminals everywhere - you start with stripping the victim , keeping him or her completely in your power , and then you engage in greater and more violent excesses with more and more self - justification .
The lightsticks , for instance ?
We in the human rights world know about the lightsticks .
Probably dozens of prisoners were sodomized with lightsticks .
In the highly credible and very fully documented Physicians for Human Rights report , Broken Bodies , Broken Lives , doctors investigated the wounds and scars of former prisoners , did analysis of the injuries , assessed the independent verification of their stories , and reported that indeed many detainees had in fact been savagely raped with lightsticks and by other objects inserted into their rectums , many sustaining internal injuries .
This same report confirms that female military or other unidentified US - affiliated personnel were used to sexually abuse detainees by smearing menstrual blood on their faces , seizing their genitals violently , or rubbing them against their will in a sexual manner .
In other credible accounts collected by human rights organizations , many former prisoners in US - held prisons report that they had been tortured or humiliated by female agents who appeared to be dressed like prostitutes .
Indeed , early on intelligence spokespeople boasted in the New York Times of the use of female agents to sexually abuse and humiliate prisoners : it was called in their own material ' invasion of space by a female . '
Today at lunch , I happen to have sat next to the lovely and brave Dale Haddon , the `face of L'Oreal ' who is also a tireless advocate for women and children through Unicef .
She is heading for Congo , to help hold accountable rape and sex crime institutionalized as acts of war .
Those criminals will face trials and convictions .
In Sierra Leone , the soldiers and generals who used rape as an instrument of war have been tried and many convicted .
In Bosnia , likewise .
But at another lunch party , Haddon , who travels in many circles , may well be seated next to our own former leaders , violent and systemic sex criminals who are still at large .
When will we convict our very own global rapists , the ones who gave the US the hellish distinction of turning us into the superpower of sex crime ?
Convictions must come but first we must see the evidence .
And women especially , who understand how sexual abuse and rape can break the spirit in a uniquely anguishing way , should be raising their voices loudly .
Whom are we protecting by not releasing the photos ?
The victims ?
Hardly .
It 's , as feminists have been saying for decades , not their shame .
The perpetrators ?
Their crimes are archived ; if not this administration , another may well obey the law release the images , which are evidentiary .
( Again : that rape and sodomy were directed form the top ; prosecute those at the top . )
These photos go to exactly why Obama is burning what is left of the shreds of the Constitution by calling for preemptive detention for about 100 detainees .
It ai n't because they are `too dangerous , ' his pathetic justification .
It is because their bodies are crime scenes .
It is because the torture , including possibly the sexual assault , they experienced is likely to be so horrific that if they were ever to have their day in court it is others whom Obama needs who would be incriminated .
In the nineteenth century , when a woman had been raped , or had experienced sexual abuse in the family , the paterfamilias would say she was crazy , get her declared `too dangerous ' to be free , and lock her up forever so her story would be interred with her .
That is what Obama is trying to do with preemptive detention for these detainees .
Well , America ?
Do you want to live with this ?
Remember : history shows categorically that once the state can lock `them ' up without a fair trial , torture , rape them or sodomize them - well ; sooner or later it will be able to do the same to your children or mine ; or to you and me .
Biodiversity is the variety of all living things ; the different plants , animals and micro organisms , the genetic information they contain and the ecosystems they form .
Species are the building blocks of biodiversity .
Researchers at the Australian Museum continue to discover new life forms , sometimes in previously inaccessible areas such as ocean depths and isolated tropical islands , but often in existing collections ( including our own ) , urban bushland and even right under our noses in Sydney Harbour .
Every new species is formally introduced to science through a publication ; the classification of the living world is based entirely on published taxonomy .
Field work by Australian Museum researchers results in the addition of new specimens to the Museum ’s already significant collection of biological specimens , including holotypes and paratypes – the original specimens used by scientists to describe and name new species .
This framework helps us to understand the patterns of biodiversity that play a vital role in sustaining life on Earth .
The Australian Museum ’s research also plays a key role in identifying and monitoring potential threats to Australian biodiversity , including from climate change , urbanisation and invasive species .
Biodiversity research undertaken at the Australian Museum provides an objective basis for understanding and making decisions about the environment .
It adds to knowledge about species of fauna , including many threatened and endangered species , and how human and other impacts affect their distribution .
Page 1 of 3 1 2 3 > 09-06-2006 , 09:16 AM
sweetcheeks 2 posts , read 44,387 times Reputation : 13 Advertisements Hello .
My husband and I are looking to relocate from PA to MT .
I have done some research and everything sounds to good to be true .
I had heard in the past , that is takes a while for small town folks to let newcomers in .
That is a big fear of mine .
My husband has no problem living without many neighbors or not seeing anyone for a week or two .
I on the other hand need to see and talk to people about everyother day if not everyday .
We also need to be able to get jobs .
I know this will be difficult .
Please help me out .
09-06-2006 , 10:05 AM
Montanaman1 75 posts , read 498,901 times Reputation : 42 Would be happy to help , but need more information .
Have you decided on an area ?
What type of work do you and your hubby do ?
Do you have children ?
Do you want to live in a small town , or a larger town ?
Mountains or flat land ?
Montana people are friendly , do not worry about acceptance if you are " regular folk "
Waiting for more info .
Rick 09-06-2006 , 11:07 AM
sweetcheeks 2 posts , read 44,387 times Reputation : 13 Additional Info Rick thank you so much .
I saw some land for sale near Bridger (? mountains or flat ) .
We would like to buy something like 100 + acres .
My husband is very outdoorsy , while I like room service and the occasinial camping trip ( everyone keeps telling me to watch " Green Acres " on TV Land ) .
I would like to see and be very close to mountains , but I do n't need to live in them .
I have no trouble driving for work becasue I drive an hour now .
I work as a millwork estimator and my hubby works in a warehouse .
We can do just about any job .
We have no children , so schools are not something we need to worry about .
It all depends how small the town is .
From living in an area just north of Philadelphia , PA my whole life any town would seem small .
As long as there was a corner store and / or diner to eat and talk to my neighbors day to day that could work .
Also as long as shopping ( mall , Home Depot , Wal - mart ) is not to far way ( 2 hours ) I should be OK .
I just keep telling myself you can buy anything over the internet .
Amanda 09-06-2006 , 12:24 PM
Montanaman1 75 posts , read 498,901 times Reputation : 42 Where do I start .
Compared to the Philly Metro area any city in Montana is " Small Town " .
The Bridger / Red lodge area is really " small town " with Bridger having a population of probably no more then 1000 .
Acerage of over 100 will definately isolate you , ( I have 20 and you can get lost on it . )
Billings is the closest " large " town , the largest in the state .
It would be the place to shop , and should have most anything you want .
Jobs are hard to come by , and the pay will be much less then you are used too .
And , you may have to travel some distance to find it .
Do n't worry about the people .
Montanans are friendly and hospitable for the most part .
I have many friends and I 'm from the dreded Southern California Area , tho I grew up in small town Illinois .
Suggestions :
Get A Montana Atlas and Gazetteer .
( Lots of Information . )
Try to get an issue of a nearby newspaper .
Contact local real estate people .
Get as much info as you can off the internet .
Good Luck .
Rick
Ps. My Property is near Butte and Whitehall .
09-12-2006 , 04:02 PM
MHT 434 posts , read 2,112,065 times Reputation : 153 acreage Quote : Montanaman1 Originally Posted by Where do I start .
Compared to the Philly Metro area any city in Montana is " Small Town " .
The Bridger / Red lodge area is really " small town " with Bridger having a population of probably no more then 1000 .
Acerage of over 100 will definately isolate you , ( I have 20 and you can get lost on it . )
Billings is the closest " large " town , the largest in the state .
It would be the place to shop , and should have most anything you want .
Jobs are hard to come by , and the pay will be much less then you are used too .
And , you may have to travel some distance to find it .
Do n't worry about the people .
Montanans are friendly and hospitable for the most part .
I have many friends and I 'm from the dreded Southern California Area , tho I grew up in small town Illinois .
Suggestions :
Get A Montana Atlas and Gazetteer .
( Lots of Information . )
Try to get an issue of a nearby newspaper .
Contact local real estate people .
Get as much info as you can off the internet .
Good Luck .
Rick
Ps. My Property is near Butte and Whitehall .
I have some great friends who live in Whitehall and work in Butte Montanaman1 .
I agree with you on the jobs and distance .
However , 100 acres is not big enough to be very isolated .
I live on 27,000 acres 50 miles from town in WY .
I do n't think that anyone has trouble " fitting in " in Montana .
09-23-2006 , 08:25 AM
snapperblue 13 posts , read 117,735 times Reputation : 47 Montana
I do n't really understand your situation or motivation in moving .
I lived in western Montana most of my adult life and there is much to recommend it .
Have you been to Montana ?
I 'd certainly suggest that you travel through , preferably at the season you are most skeptical about ( maybe winter ! )
Factor the weather in when determining a reasonable commuting distance .
What are you planning to do with the 100 acres ?
( Income ?
Horses ?
Just space ? )
I 'd also hesitate to move there without jobs if you need an income .
Montana is great , but , as they say , you can't eat scenery .
09-23-2006 , 10:09 AM
MTer 78 posts , read 710,729 times Reputation : 57 Check out online newspapers also
This site will link you to some of them :
Moderator cut : link removed
This site lists even more :
NewsLink | NEWSPAPERS | U.S. | MONTANA
At least scan the front page each day of those areas you 're considering , and you 'll get lots of information on the areas .
Also many if not most include want ads ( including real estate , employment ) online , so dig deeper into each website and you 'll find a lot more information .
Also explore city and chamber of commerce websites -- find them by websearching , again .
Quote : Montanaman1 Originally Posted by ...
Suggestions :
Get A Montana Atlas and Gazetteer .
( Lots of Information . )
Try to get an issue of a nearby newspaper .
Contact local real estate people .
Get as much info as you can off the internet .
Good Luck .
Rick
Ps. My Property is near Butte and Whitehall .
Most newspapers have websites .
Do a search ( google or other search engine ) on " Montana newspapers " and you 'll probably find many of them .
For starters , Helena 's is Helena Independent Record , Butte 's is .:: The Montana Standard ::. , Billing 's is BillingsGazette.com :: , Columbia Fall 's is The Hungry Horse News Home Page , and so on .
This site will link you to some of them :
This site lists even more :
At least scan the front page each day of those areas you 're considering , and you 'll get lots of information on the areas .
Also many if not most include want ads ( including real estate , employment ) online , so dig deeper into each website and you 'll find a lot more information .
Also explore city and chamber of commerce websites -- find them by websearching , again .
Last edited by Yac ; 10-30-2007 at 11:05 AM
.. Reason :
One more link 02-18-2007 , 11:28 AM
NEgal Location : Nebraska 8 posts , read 70,357 times Reputation : 18 kane Hi !
We live in Nebraska right now and are thinking of moving to Montana .
I am a teacher and my boyfriend works in masonry .
I am wondering about the winters .
I am assuming it gets pretty cold since it is farther north and all .
I have lived in Nebraska all my life and I still have n't got used to the winters .
The beauty in Montana may make up for cold winters .
Can anyone tell me about the winters ?
I have not visited Montana but the Kalispell area looks appealing .
I have heard western Montana is beautiful .
Any suggestions -- beauty but not too cold .
I do n't know if that is possible considering western Montana is mountainous from what I heard .
We are trying to decide Montana or Oregon .
Oregon is pretty far ...
Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated .
02-18-2007 , 11:50 AM
JoeJoeMan 495 posts , read 399,301 times Reputation : 96 Excuse me , but sometimes I wonder the wisdom of just saying " I want to move to someplace nice " .
Especially if you are or will be needing work .
Call me old fashion but making a livelyhood should be your first and foremost priority for what should be very obvious reasons .
I 've made a couple moves in my life and they were based on jobs , of which I already had before I got there .
If you move and do n't find work who is going to take care of you ?
Uncle Sam , mommy , daddy ?
If you do just up and go , hoping for the best take enough money to live on for 2 years and to move twice , so you have money to move and live on for a year and then enough money left to move back and live for another year while you re-establish yourself .
Of you could just throw caution to the wind .
And spunge off of other people should / when you go broke , it happens everyday , and montana is full of such people , probably more than any other state .
One caviot , if you are young and a vagabond life style suits you ....... cheers , have a good adventure ..... I jumb a freight or two in my time .
02-18-2007 , 07:26 PM
Phish Head Location :
At the local Wawa 538 posts , read 2,285,285 times Reputation : 447 We may also move from New York to Montana .
Unfortunately , our kids moved out that way , and we are forced to follow - not too happy about it from the photos I 've seen .
We are looking to move somewhere a lot like it is here - lots of malls , people , and shopping .
I 'm not a huge fan of the outdoors , but my son likes to go camping twice a year .
Are there any areas with Neiman Marcus , or an upscale mall type area ?
Also , do they service foreign cars up there or just American cars ( we both drive Mercedes ) .
Also , is it possible to still buy a home for under $ 700 k ?
Are the people educated like they are here in NY or just country folk ?
We will need to live near a good pizza place and Chinese food !
Are there radio stations that play music other than country music ?
We are both in real estate / homebuilding - I hear that there is plenty of prime land out there for development , is that true ?
Thanks for your input !
Please register to post and access all features of our very popular forum .
It is free and quick .
Over $ 68,000 in prizes has already been given out to active posters on our forum .
Additional giveaways are planned .
Detailed information about all U.S. cities , counties , and zip codes on our site : City - data.com .
Page 1 of 3 1 2 3 > City - Data Forum Message
Quick Reply
The following errors occurred with your submission Message : Posting Quick Reply - Please Wait
« Previous Thread | Next Thread »
Most recent value % change since 2 k Data : Median household income ( $ ) Median household income ( % change since 2000 ) Household income diversity Ratio of average income to average house value ( %) Ratio of average income to average rent Median household income ( $ ) - White Median household income ( $ ) - Black or African American Median household income ( $ ) - Asian Median household income ( $ ) - Hispanic or Latino Median household income ( $ ) - American Indian and Alaska Native Median household income ( $ ) - Multirace Median household income ( $ ) - Other Race Median household income for houses / condos with a mortgage ( $ ) Median household income for apartments without a mortgage ( $ ) Races - White alone ( % ) Races -
White alone ( % change since 2000 ) Races - Black alone ( % ) Races - Black alone ( % change since 2000 ) Races - American Indian alone ( % ) Races - American Indian alone ( % change since 2000 ) Races - Asian alone ( % ) Races - Asian alone ( % change since 2000 ) Races - Hispanic ( %) Races - Hispanic ( % change since 2000 ) Races - Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander alone ( %) Races - Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander alone ( % change since 2000 ) Races -
Two or more races ( %) Races -
Two or more races ( % change since 2000 ) Races -
Other race alone ( % ) Races -
Other race alone ( % change since 2000 ) Racial diversity Unemployment ( %) Unemployment ( % change since 2000 ) Unemployment ( % ) - White Unemployment ( % ) - Black or African American Unemployment ( % ) - Asian Unemployment ( % ) - Hispanic or Latino Unemployment ( % ) - American Indian and Alaska Native Unemployment ( % ) - Multirace Unemployment ( % ) - Other Race Population density ( people per square mile ) Population - Males ( %) Population - Females ( %) Population - Males ( % ) - White Population - Males ( % ) - Black or African American Population - Males ( % ) - Asian Population - Males ( % ) - Hispanic or Latino Population - Males ( % ) - American Indian and Alaska Native Population - Males ( % ) - Multirace Population - Males ( % ) - Other Race Population - Females ( % ) - White Population - Females ( % ) - Black or African American Population - Females ( % ) - Asian Population - Females ( % ) - Hispanic or Latino Population - Females ( % ) - American Indian and Alaska Native Population - Females ( % ) - Multirace Population - Females ( % ) - Other Race Coronavirus confirmed cases ( per 100 k population ) ( Sep 29 , 2020 ) Deaths caused by coronavirus ( per 100 k population ) ( Sep 29 , 2020 ) Coronavirus confirmed cases ( Sep 29 , 2020 ) Deaths caused by coronavirus ( Sep 29 , 2020 ) Daily increase in number of cases ( Sep 29 , 2020 ) Weekly increase in number of cases ( Sep 29 , 2020 ) Cases doubled ( in days ) ( Sep 29 , 2020 ) Hospitalized patients ( Sep 28 , 2020 ) Negative test results ( Sep 28 , 2020 ) Total test results ( Sep 28 , 2020 ) Likely homosexual households ( %) Likely homosexual households ( % change since 2000 ) Likely homosexual households - Lesbian couples ( %) Likely homosexual households - Lesbian couples ( % change since 2000 ) Likely homosexual households - Gay men ( %)
Likely homosexual households - Gay men ( % change since 2000 ) Cost of living index Median gross rent ( $ ) Median contract rent ( $ ) Median monthly housing costs ( $ ) Median house or condo value ( $ ) Median house or condo value ( $ change since 2000 ) Mean house or condo value by units in structure - 1 , detached ( $ ) Mean house or condo value by units in structure - 1 , attached ( $ ) Mean house or condo value by units in structure - 2 ( $ ) Mean house or condo value by units in structure by units in structure - 3 or 4 ( $ ) Mean house or condo value by units in structure - 5 or more ( $ ) Mean house or condo value by units in structure - Boat , RV , van , etc. ( $ ) Mean house or condo value by units in structure - Mobile home ( $ ) Median house or condo value ( $ ) - White Median house or condo value ( $ ) - Black or African American Median house or condo value ( $ ) - Asian Median house or condo value ( $ ) - Hispanic or Latino Median house or condo value ( $ ) - American Indian and Alaska Native Median house or condo value ( $ ) - Multirace Median house or condo value ( $ ) - Other Race Median resident age Resident age diversity Median resident age - Males Median resident age - Females Median resident age - White Median resident age - Black or African American Median resident age - Asian Median resident age - Hispanic or Latino Median resident age - American Indian and Alaska Native Median resident age - Multirace Median resident age - Other Race Median resident age - Males - White Median resident age - Males - Black or African American Median resident age - Males - Asian Median resident age - Males - Hispanic or Latino Median resident age - Males - American Indian and Alaska Native Median resident age - Males - Multirace Median resident age - Males - Other Race Median resident age - Females - White Median resident age - Females - Black or African American Median resident age - Females - Asian Median resident age - Females - Hispanic or Latino Median resident age - Females - American Indian and Alaska Native Median resident age - Females - Multirace Median resident age - Females - Other Race Commute - mean travel time to work ( minutes )
Travel time to work - Less than 5 minutes ( %) Travel time to work - Less than 5 minutes ( % change since 2000 ) Travel time to work - 5 to 9 minutes ( %) Travel time to work - 5 to 9 minutes ( % change since 2000 ) Travel time to work - 10 to 19 minutes ( %) Travel time to work - 10 to 19 minutes ( % change since 2000 ) Travel time to work - 20 to 29 minutes ( %) Travel time to work - 20 to 29 minutes ( % change since 2000 ) Travel time to work - 30 to 39 minutes ( %) Travel time to work - 30 to 39 minutes ( % change since 2000 ) Travel time to work - 40 to 59 minutes ( %) Travel time to work - 40 to 59 minutes ( % change since 2000 ) Travel time to work - 60 to 89 minutes ( %) Travel time to work - 60 to 89 minutes ( % change since 2000 ) Travel time to work - 90 or more minutes ( %) Travel time to work - 90 or more minutes ( % change since 2000 ) Marital status - Never married ( %) Marital status - Now married ( %) Marital status - Separated ( %) Marital status - Widowed ( %) Marital status - Divorced ( %) Median family income ( $ ) Median family income ( % change since 2000 ) Median non-family income ( $ ) Median non-family income ( % change since 2000 ) Median per capita income ( $ ) Median per capita income ( % change since 2000 ) Median family income ( $ ) - White Median family income ( $ ) - Black or African American Median family income ( $ ) - Asian Median family income ( $ ) - Hispanic or Latino Median family income ( $ ) - American Indian and Alaska Native Median family income ( $ ) - Multirace Median family income ( $ ) - Other Race Median year house / condo built Median year apartment built Year house built - Built 2005 or later ( %) Year house built - Built 2000 to 2004 ( % ) Year house built - Built 1990 to 1999 ( %) Year house built - Built 1980 to 1989 ( %) Year house built - Built 1970 to 1979 ( %) Year house built - Built 1960 to 1969 ( %) Year house built - Built 1950 to 1959 ( %) Year house built - Built 1940 to 1949 ( %) Year house built - Built 1939 or earlier ( %) Average household size Household density ( households per square mile )
Average household size - White Average household size - Black or African American Average household size - Asian Average household size - Hispanic or Latino Average household size - American Indian and Alaska Native Average household size - Multirace Average household size - Other Race Occupied housing units ( %) Vacant housing units ( %) Owner occupied housing units ( %) Renter occupied housing units ( % ) Vacancy status - For rent ( %) Vacancy status -
For sale only ( %) Vacancy status - Rented or sold , not occupied ( %) Vacancy status -
For seasonal , recreational , or occasional use ( % ) Vacancy status -
For migrant workers ( %) Vacancy status - Other vacant ( %) Residents with income below the poverty level ( %) Residents with income below 50 % of the poverty level ( % ) Children below poverty level ( %)
Poor families by family type - Married - couple family ( %)
Poor families by family type - Male , no wife present ( %)
Poor families by family type - Female , no husband present ( %) Poverty status for native - born residents ( %) Poverty status for foreign - born residents ( %) Poverty among high school graduates not in families ( %) Poverty among people who did not graduate high school not in families ( %) Residents with income below the poverty level ( % ) - White Residents with income below the poverty level ( % ) - Black or African American Residents with income below the poverty level ( % ) - Asian Residents with income below the poverty level ( % ) - Hispanic or Latino Residents with income below the poverty level ( % ) - American Indian and Alaska Native Residents with income below the poverty level ( % ) - Multirace Residents with income below the poverty level ( % ) - Other Race Air pollution - Air Quality Index ( AQI ) Air pollution - CO Air pollution - NO2 Air pollution - SO2 Air pollution - Ozone Air pollution - PM10 Air pollution - PM25 Air pollution - Pb Crime - Murders per 100,000 population Crime - Rapes per 100,000 population Crime - Robberies per 100,000 population Crime - Assaults per 100,000 population Crime - Burglaries per 100,000 population Crime - Thefts per 100,000 population Crime - Auto thefts per 100,000 population Crime - Arson per 100,000 population Crime - City - data.com crime index Crime - Violent crime index Crime - Property crime index 1996 Presidential Elections Results ( % ) - Democratic Party ( Clinton ) 1996 Presidential Elections Results ( % ) - Republican Party ( Dole ) 1996 Presidential Elections Results ( % ) - Other 2000 Presidential Elections Results ( % ) - Democratic Party ( Gore ) 2000 Presidential Elections Results ( % ) - Republican Party ( Bush ) 2000 Presidential Elections Results ( % ) - Other 2004 Presidential Elections Results ( % ) - Democratic Party ( Kerry ) 2004 Presidential Elections Results ( % ) - Republican Party ( Bush ) 2004 Presidential Elections Results ( % ) - Other 2008 Presidential Elections Results ( % ) - Democratic Party ( Obama ) 2008 Presidential Elections Results ( % ) - Republican Party ( McCain ) 2008 Presidential Elections Results ( % ) - Other 2012 Presidential Elections Results ( % ) - Democratic Party ( Obama ) 2012 Presidential Elections Results ( %) - Republican Party ( Romney ) 2012 Presidential Elections Results ( % ) - Other 2016 Presidential Elections Results ( % ) - Democratic Party ( Hillary Clinton ) 2016 Presidential Elections Results ( % ) - Republican Party ( Donald Trump ) 2016 Presidential Elections Results ( % ) - Other Ancestries Reported - Arab ( %) Ancestries Reported - Czech ( %) Ancestries Reported - Danish ( %) Ancestries Reported - Dutch ( %) Ancestries Reported - English ( %) Ancestries Reported - French ( %) Ancestries Reported - French Canadian ( %) Ancestries Reported - German ( %) Ancestries Reported - Greek ( %) Ancestries Reported - Hungarian ( %) Ancestries Reported - Irish ( %) Ancestries Reported - Italian ( %) Ancestries Reported - Lithuanian ( %) Ancestries Reported - Norwegian ( %) Ancestries Reported - Polish ( %) Ancestries Reported - Portugues e ( % ) Ancestries Reported - Russian ( %) Ancestries Reported - Scotch - Irish ( %) Ancestries Reported - Scottish ( %) Ancestries Reported - Slovak ( %) Ancestries Reported - Subsaharan African ( %) Ancestries Reported - Swedish ( %) Ancestries Reported - Swiss ( %) Ancestries Reported - Ukrainian ( %) Ancestries Reported - United States ( %) Ancestries Reported - Welsh ( %) Ancestries Reported - West Indian ( %) Ancestries Reported - Other ( % ) Educational Attainment -
No schooling completed ( %) Educational Attainment - Less than high school ( %) Educational Attainment - High school or equivalent ( %) Educational Attainment - Less than 1 year of college ( % ) Educational Attainment - 1 or more years of college ( % ) Educational Attainment - Associate degree ( %) Educational Attainment - Bachelor 's degree ( %) Educational Attainment - Master 's degree ( %) Educational Attainment - Professional school degree ( % ) Educational Attainment - Doctorate degree ( %) School Enrollment - Nursery , preschool ( % ) School Enrollment - Kindergarten ( %) School Enrollment - Grade 1 to 4 ( % ) School Enrollment - Grade 5 to 8 ( % ) School Enrollment - Grade 9 to 12 ( %) School Enrollment - College undergrad ( %) School Enrollment - Graduate or professional ( %) School Enrollment -
Not enrolled in school ( %) School enrollment - Public schools ( %) School enrollment - Private schools ( %) School enrollment - Not enrolled ( %) Median number of rooms in houses and condos Median number of rooms in apartments Housing units lacking complete plumbing facilities ( %)
Housing units lacking complete kitchen facilities ( %) Density of houses Urban houses ( %) Rural houses ( %) Households with people 60 years and over ( % ) Households with people 65 years and over ( % ) Households with people 75 years and over ( % )
Households with one or more nonrelatives ( %) Households with no nonrelatives ( %) Population in households ( %) Family households ( %) Nonfamily households ( %) Population in families ( %) Family households with own children ( %) Median number of bedrooms in owner occupied houses Mean number of bedrooms in owner occupied houses Median number of bedrooms in renter occupied houses Mean number of bedrooms in renter occupied houses Median number of vehichles in owner occupied houses Mean number of vehichles in owner occupied houses Median number of vehichles in renter occupied houses Mean number of vehichles in renter occupied houses Mortgage status - with mortgage ( % ) Mortgage status - with second mortgage ( %) Mortgage status - with home equity loan ( %) Mortgage status - with both second mortgage and home equity loan ( %) Mortgage status - without a mortgage ( %)
Average family size Average family size - White Average family size - Black or African American Average family size - Asian Average family size - Hispanic or Latino Average family size - American Indian and Alaska Native Average family size - Multirace Average family size - Other Race Geographical mobility - Same house 1 year ago ( % ) Geographical mobility - Moved within same county ( %) Geographical mobility - Moved from different county within same state ( %) Geographical mobility - Moved from different state ( %) Geographical mobility - Moved from abroad ( %) Place of birth - Born in state of residence ( %) Place of birth - Born in other state ( %) Place of birth - Native , outside of US ( %) Place of birth - Foreign born ( %) Housing units in structures - 1 , detached ( %) Housing units in structures - 1 , attached ( %) Housing units in structures - 2 ( %) Housing units in structures - 3 or 4 ( %) Housing units in structures - 5 to 9 ( % ) Housing units in structures - 10 to 19 ( % ) Housing units in structures - 20 to 49 ( %) Housing units in structures - 50 or more ( %) Housing units in structures - Mobile home ( %) Housing units in structures - Boat , RV , van , etc. ( %)
House / condo owner moved in on average ( years ago ) Renter moved in on average ( years ago ) Year householder moved into unit - Moved in 1999 to March 2000 ( % ) Year householder moved into unit - Moved in 1995 to 1998 ( % ) Year householder moved into unit - Moved in 1990 to 1994 ( % ) Year householder moved into unit - Moved in 1980 to 1989 ( % ) Year householder moved into unit - Moved in 1970 to 1979 ( % ) Year householder moved into unit - Moved in 1969 or earlier ( %) Means of transportation to work - Drove car alone ( %) Means of transportation to work - Carpooled ( %) Means of transportation to work - Public transportation ( %) Means of transportation to work - Bus or trolley bus ( %)
Means of transportation to work - Streetcar or trolley car ( % )
Means of transportation to work - Subway or elevated ( %) Means of transportation to work - Railroad ( %) Means of transportation to work - Ferryboat ( %) Means of transportation to work - Taxicab ( %) Means of transportation to work - Motorcycle ( %) Means of transportation to work - Bicycle ( %) Means of transportation to work - Walked ( %) Means of transportation to work - Other means ( %) Working at home ( % ) Industry diversity Most Common Industries - Agriculture , forestry , fishing and hunting , and mining ( % ) Most Common Industries - Agriculture , forestry , fishing and hunting ( % ) Most Common Industries - Mining , quarrying , and oil and gas extraction ( % ) Most Common Industries - Construction ( %) Most Common Industries - Manufacturing ( %) Most Common Industries - Wholesale trade ( %) Most Common Industries - Retail trade ( %) Most Common Industries - Transportation and warehousing , and utilities ( %) Most Common Industries - Transportation and warehousing ( %) Most Common Industries - Utilities ( %) Most Common Industries - Information ( %) Most Common Industries - Finance and insurance , and real estate and rental and leasing ( % ) Most Common Industries - Finance and insurance ( %) Most Common Industries - Real estate and rental and leasing ( %) Most Common Industries - Professional , scientific , and management , and administrative and waste management services ( %) Most Common Industries - Professional , scientific , and technical services ( %) Most Common Industries - Management of companies and enterprises ( %) Most Common Industries - Administrative and support and waste management services ( %) Most Common Industries - Educational services , and health care and social assistance ( % ) Most Common Industries - Educational services ( %) Most Common Industries - Health care and social assistance ( %) Most Common Industries - Arts , entertainment , and recreation , and accommodation and food services ( %) Most Common Industries - Arts , entertainment , and recreation ( % ) Most Common Industries - Accommodation and food services ( %) Most Common Industries -
Other services , except public administration ( %) Most Common Industries - Public administration ( %) Occupation diversity Most Common Occupations - Management , business , science , and arts occupations ( %) Most Common Occupations - Management , business , and financial occupations ( %) Most Common Occupations - Management occupations ( %) Most Common Occupations - Business and financial operations occupations ( %) Most Common Occupations - Computer , engineering , and science occupations ( %) Most Common Occupations - Computer and mathematical occupations ( %) Most Common Occupations - Architecture and engineering occupations ( %) Most Common Occupations - Life , physical , and social science occupations ( %) Most Common Occupations - Education , legal , community service , arts , and media occupations ( %) Most Common Occupations - Community and social service occupations ( %) Most Common Occupations - Legal occupations ( %) Most Common Occupations - Education , training , and library occupations ( %) Most Common Occupations - Arts , design , entertainment , sports , and media occupations ( %) Most Common Occupations - Healthcare practitioners and technical occupations ( %) Most Common Occupations - Health diagnosing and treating practitioners and other technical occupations ( %) Most Common Occupations - Health technologists and technicians ( %) Most Common Occupations - Service occupations ( %) Most Common Occupations - Healthcare support occupations ( %) Most Common Occupations - Protective service occupations ( %) Most Common Occupations -
Fire fighting and prevention , and other protective service workers including supervisors ( %) Most Common Occupations - Law enforcement workers including supervisors ( %) Most Common Occupations - Food preparation and serving related occupations ( %) Most Common Occupations - Building and grounds cleaning and maintenance occupations ( %) Most Common Occupations - Personal care and service occupations ( %) Most Common Occupations - Sales and office occupations ( %) Most Common Occupations - Sales and related occupations ( %) Most Common Occupations - Office and administrative support occupations ( %) Most Common Occupations - Natural resources , construction , and maintenance occupations ( %) Most Common Occupations - Farming , fishing , and forestry occupations ( %) Most Common Occupations - Construction and extraction occupations ( %) Most Common Occupations - Installation , maintenance , and repair occupations ( %) Most Common Occupations - Production , transportation , and material moving occupations ( %) Most Common Occupations - Production occupations ( %) Most Common Occupations - Transportation occupations ( %) Most Common Occupations - Material moving occupations ( %) People in Group quarters - Institutionalized population ( %) People in Group quarters - Correctional institutions ( %) People in Group quarters - Federal prisons and detention centers ( %) People in Group quarters - Halfway houses ( %) People in Group quarters - Local jails and other confinement facilities ( including police lockups ) ( %) People in Group quarters - Military disciplinary barracks ( %) People in Group quarters - State prisons ( %) People in Group quarters -
Other types of correctional institutions ( %) People in Group quarters - Nursing homes ( %) People in Group quarters - Hospitals / wards , hospices , and schools for the handicapped ( %) People in Group quarters - Hospitals / wards and hospices for chronically ill ( %) People in Group quarters - Hospices or homes for chronically ill ( %) People in Group quarters - Military hospitals or wards for chronically ill ( %) People in Group quarters -
Other hospitals or wards for chronically ill ( %) People in Group quarters - Hospitals or wards for drug / alcohol abuse ( %) People in Group quarters - Mental ( Psychiatric ) hospitals or wards ( %) People in Group quarters - Schools , hospitals , or wards for the mentally retarded ( %) People in Group quarters - Schools , hospitals , or wards for the physically handicapped ( %) People in Group quarters - Institutions for the deaf ( %) People in Group quarters - Institutions for the blind ( %) People in Group quarters - Orthopedic wards and institutions for the physically handicapped ( %) People in Group quarters - Wards in general hospitals for patients who have no usual home elsewhere ( %) People in Group quarters -
Wards in military hospitals for patients who have no usual home elsewhere ( %) People in Group quarters - Juvenile institutions ( %) People in Group quarters - Long - term care ( %) People in Group quarters - Homes for abused , dependent , and neglected children ( %) People in Group quarters - Residential treatment centers for emotionally disturbed children ( %) People in Group quarters - Training schools for juvenile delinquents ( %) People in Group quarters - Short - term care , detention or diagnostic centers for delinquent children ( %) People in Group quarters - Type of juvenile institution unknown ( %) People in Group quarters - Noninstitutionalized population ( %) People in Group quarters - College dormitories ( includes college quarters off campus ) ( %) People in Group quarters - Military quarters ( %) People in Group quarters - On base ( % ) People in Group quarters - Barracks , unaccompanied personnel housing ( UPH ) , ( Enlisted / Officer ) , ; and similar group living quarters for military personnel ( % ) People in Group quarters - Transient quarters for temporary residents ( %) People in Group quarters - Military ships ( %) People in Group quarters - Group homes ( %) People in Group quarters - Homes or halfway houses for drug / alcohol abuse ( %) People in Group quarters - Homes for the mentally ill ( %) People in Group quarters - Homes for the mentally retarded ( %) People in Group quarters - Homes for the physically handicapped ( %) People in Group quarters -
Other group homes ( %) People in Group quarters - Religious group quarters ( %) People in Group quarters - Dormitories ( %) People in Group quarters - Agriculture workers ' dormitories on farms ( %) People in Group quarters - Job Corps and vocational training facilities ( %) People in Group quarters - Other workers ' dormitories ( %) People in Group quarters - Crews of maritime vessels ( %) People in Group quarters -
Other nonhousehold living situations ( %) People in Group quarters - Other noninstitutional group quarters ( %) Residents speaking English at home ( %) Residents speaking English at home - Born in the United States ( %) Residents speaking English at home - Native , born elsewhere ( %) Residents speaking English at home - Foreign born ( %) Residents speaking Spanish at home ( %) Residents speaking Spanish at home - Born in the United States ( %) Residents speaking Spanish at home - Native , born elsewhere ( %) Residents speaking Spanish at home - Foreign born ( %) Residents speaking other language at home ( %) Residents speaking other language at home - Born in the United States ( %) Residents speaking other language at home - Native , born elsewhere ( %) Residents speaking other language at home - Foreign born ( %) Class of Workers - Employee of private company ( %) Class of Workers - Self - employed in own incorporated business ( %) Class of Workers - Private not - for - profit wage and salary workers ( %) Class of Workers - Local government workers ( %) Class of Workers - State government workers ( %) Class of Workers - Federal government workers ( %) Class of Workers - Self - employed workers in own not incorporated business and Unpaid family workers ( %)
House heating fuel used in houses and condos - Utility gas ( %)
House heating fuel used in houses and condos - Bottled , tank , or LP gas ( % )
House heating fuel used in houses and condos - Electricity ( %)
House heating fuel used in houses and condos - Fuel oil , kerosene , etc. ( %)
House heating fuel used in houses and condos - Coal or coke ( %)
House heating fuel used in houses and condos - Wood ( % )
House heating fuel used in houses and condos - Solar energy ( %)
House heating fuel used in houses and condos - Other fuel ( %)
House heating fuel used in houses and condos - No fuel used ( %) House heating fuel used in apartments - Utility gas ( %)
House heating fuel used in apartments - Bottled , tank , or LP gas ( %)
House heating fuel used in apartments - Electricity ( %)
House heating fuel used in apartments - Fuel oil , kerosene , etc. ( %)
House heating fuel used in apartments - Coal or coke ( %)
House heating fuel used in apartments - Wood ( %)
House heating fuel used in apartments - Solar energy ( %) House heating fuel used in apartments - Other fuel ( %)
House heating fuel used in apartments - No fuel used ( %) Armed forces status - In Armed Forces ( %) Armed forces status - Civilian ( %) Armed forces status - Civilian - Veteran ( %) Armed forces status - Civilian - Nonveteran ( %) Alcohol use - People drinking some alcohol every month ( %) Alcohol use - People not drinking at all ( % ) Alcohol use - Average days / month drinking alcohol Alcohol use - Average drinks / week Alcohol use - Average days / year people drink much Audiometry - Average condition of hearing ( % ) Audiometry - People that can hear a whisper from across a quiet room ( %) Audiometry - People that can hear normal voice from across a quiet room ( %) Audiometry - Ears ringing , roaring , buzzing ( % ) Audiometry - Had a job exposure to loud noise ( %) Audiometry - Had off - work exposure to loud noise ( %) Blood Pressure & Cholesterol - Has high blood pressure ( %) Blood Pressure & Cholesterol - Checking blood pressure at home ( %) Blood Pressure & Cholesterol - Frequently checking blood chole sterol ( %) Blood Pressure & Cholesterol - Has high cholesterol level ( % ) Consumer Behavior - Money monthly spent on food at supermarket / grocery store Consumer Behavior - Money monthly spent on food at other stores Consumer Behavior - Money monthly spent on eating out Consumer Behavior - Money monthly spent on carryout / delivered foods Consumer Behavior - Income spent on food at supermarket / grocery store ( % ) Consumer Behavior - Income spent on food at other stores ( %) Consumer Behavior - Income spent on eating out ( %) Consumer Behavior - Income spent on carryout / delivered foods ( %) Current Health Status - General health condition ( %) Current Health Status - Blood donors ( %) Current Health Status -
Has blood ever tested for HIV virus ( %) Current Health Status - Left - handed people ( %) Dermatology - People using sunscreen ( %) Diabetes - Diabetics ( %) Diabetes -
Had a blood test for high blood sugar ( % ) Diabetes - People taking insulin ( %) Diet Behavior & Nutrition - Diet health ( %) Diet Behavior & Nutrition - Milk product consumption ( # of products / month ) Diet Behavior & Nutrition - Meals not home prepared ( # / week ) Diet Behavior & Nutrition - Meals from fast food or pizza place ( # / week ) Diet Behavior & Nutrition - Ready - to - eat foods ( # / month ) Diet Behavior & Nutrition - Frozen meals / pizza ( #/ month ) Drug Use - People that ever used marijuana or hashish ( % ) Drug Use -
Ever used hard drugs ( %) Drug Use -
Ever used any form of cocaine ( % ) Drug Use - Ever used heroin ( %) Drug Use - Ever used methamphetamine ( %) Health Insurance - People covered by health insurance ( % ) Kidney Conditions - Urology - Avg. # of times urinating at night Medical Conditions - People with asthma ( %) Medical Conditions - People with anemia ( %) Medical Conditions - People with psoriasis ( %) Medical Conditions - People with overweight ( %) Medical Conditions - Elderly people having difficulties in thinking or remembering ( %) Medical Conditions - People who ever received blood transfusion ( %) Medical Conditions - People having trouble seeing even with glass / contacts ( %) Medical Conditions - People with arthritis ( %) Medical Conditions - People with gout ( %) Medical Conditions - People with congestive heart failure ( %) Medical Conditions - People with coronary heart disease ( % ) Medical Conditions - People with angina pectoris ( %) Medical Conditions - People who ever had heart attack ( %) Medical Conditions - People who ever had stroke ( % ) Medical Conditions - People with emphysema ( %) Medical Conditions - People with thyroid problem ( %) Medical Conditions - People with chronic bronchitis ( %) Medical Conditions - People with any liver condition ( %) Medical Conditions - People who ever had cancer or malignancy ( %) Mental Health - People who have little interest in doing things ( %) Mental Health - People feeling down , depressed , or hopeless ( %) Mental Health - People who have trouble sleeping or sleeping too much ( %) Mental Health - People feeling tired or having little energy ( %) Mental Health - People with poor appetite or overeating ( %) Mental Health - People feeling bad about themself ( %) Mental Health - People who have trouble concentrating on things ( %) Mental Health - People moving or speaking slowly or too fast ( %) Mental Health - People having thoughts they would be better off dead ( %) Oral Health - Average years since last visit a dentist Oral Health - People embarrassed because of mouth ( %) Oral Health - People with gum disease ( %) Oral Health - General health of teeth and gums ( %) Oral Health - Average days a week using dental floss / device Oral Health - Average days a week using mouthwash for dental problem Oral Health - Average number of teeth Pesticide Use - Households using pesticides to control insects ( %) Pesticide Use - Households using pesticides to kill weeds ( %) Physical Activity - People doing vigorous - intensity work activities ( %) Physical Activity - People doing moderate - intensity work activities ( %) Physical Activity - People walking or bicycling ( %) Physical Activity - People doing vigorous - intensity recreational activities ( %) Physical Activity - People doing moderate - intensity recreational activities ( %) Physical Activity - Average hours a day doing sedentary activities Physical Activity - Average hours a day watching TV or videos Physical Activity - Average hours a day using computer Physical Functioning - People having limitations keeping them from working ( % ) Physical Functioning - People limited in amount of work they can do ( % ) Physical Functioning - People that need special equipment to walk ( %) Physical Functioning - People experiencing confusion / memory problems ( %) Physical Functioning - People requiring special healthcare equipment ( %) Prescription Medications - Average number of prescription medicines taking Preventive Aspirin Use - Adults 40 + taking low - dose aspirin ( % ) Reproductive Health - Vaginal deliveries ( %) Reproductive Health - Cesarean deliveries ( %) Reproductive Health - Deliveries resulted in a live birth ( %) Reproductive Health - Pregnancies resulted in a delivery ( %) Reproductive Health - Women breastfeeding newborns ( %) Reproductive Health - Women that had a hysterectomy ( %) Reproductive Health - Women that had both ovaries removed ( %) Reproductive Health - Women that have ever taken birth control pills ( %) Reproductive Health - Women taking birth control pills ( %) Reproductive Health - Women that have ever used Depo -Provera or injectables ( %) Reproductive Health - Women that have ever used female hormones ( %) Sexual Behavior - People 18 + that ever had sex ( vaginal , anal , or oral ) ( %) Sexual Behavior - Males 18 + that ever had vaginal sex with a woman ( % ) Sexual Behavior - Males 18 + that ever performed oral sex on a woman ( % ) Sexual Behavior - Males 18 + that ever had anal sex with a woman ( % ) Sexual Behavior - Males 18 + that ever had any sex with a man ( % ) Sexual Behavior - Females 18 + that ever had vaginal sex with a man ( % ) Sexual Behavior - Females 18 + that ever performed oral sex on a man ( % ) Sexual Behavior - Females 18 + that ever had anal sex with a man ( % ) Sexual Behavior - Females 18 + that ever had any kind of sex with a woman ( %) Sexual Behavior - Average age people first had sex Sexual Behavior - Average number of female sex partners in lifetime ( males 18 + )
Sexual Behavior - Average number of female vaginal sex partners in lifetime ( males 18 + ) Sexual Behavior - Average age people first performed oral sex on a woman ( 18 + ) Sexual Behavior - Average number of woman performed oral sex on in lifetime ( 18 + ) Sexual Behavior - Average number of male sex partners in lifetime ( males 18 + )
Sexual Behavior - Average number of male anal sex partners in lifetime ( males 18 + )
Sexual Behavior - Average age people first performed oral sex on a man ( 18 + ) Sexual Behavior - Average number of male oral sex partners in lifetime ( 18 + ) Sexual Behavior - People using protection when performing oral sex ( % ) Sexual Behavior - Average number of times people have vaginal or anal sex a year Sexual Behavior - People having sex without condom ( %) Sexual Behavior - Average number of male sex partners in lifetime ( females 18 + )
Sexual Behavior - Average number of male vaginal sex partners in lifetime ( females 18 + ) Sexual Behavior - Average number of female sex partners in lifetime ( females 18 + ) Sexual Behavior - Circumcised males 18 + ( %) Sleep Disorders - Average hours sleeping at night Sleep Disorders - People that has trouble sleeping ( % ) Smoking - Cigarette Use - People smoking cigarettes ( %) Taste & Smell - People 40 + having problems with smell ( %) Taste & Smell - People 40 + having problems with taste ( % ) Taste & Smell - People 40 + that ever had wisdom teeth removed ( % ) Taste & Smell - People 40 + that ever had tonsils teeth removed ( % ) Taste & Smell - People 40 + that ever had a loss of consciousness because of a head injury ( % ) Taste & Smell - People 40 + that ever had a broken nose or other serious injury to face or skull ( % ) Taste & Smell - People 40 + that ever had two or more sinus infections ( %) Weight - Average height ( inches ) Weight - Average weight ( pounds ) Weight - Average BMI Weight - People that are obese ( %) Weight - People that ever were obese ( %) Weight - People trying to lose weight ( %) Settings Get link Loading data ...
Based on 2000 - 2020 data Loading data ...
123 Hide US histogram
In the smoky , near - darkness of the ramshackle schoolhouse that served as a barracks for the Georgian army , I huddled against the wall listening to the sputter of machine guns and the deep throaty boom of mortar shells .
" I believe you speak English , " said a soldier sitting next to me , his face barely visible above his sweat - stained flack jacket .
" I 'm from the United States . "
My neighbour , one of several hundred weary troops who joined the fight against separatists in western Georgia in 1993 , was not only American but also a professor at an Ivy League university .
And he told me : " When my country is threatened , I put down the books and pick up my gun . "
He was not alone in his desire to fight for the country of his birth , despite a comfortable life in a new land .
Even when guns fall silent , the fog of war often hangs heavy over the new countries where diaspora populations from far - flung conflict zones have settled .
But in the 21st century , when global migration affects nearly every country and one in every 35 people on the planet is an international migrant , it would be naïve to expect that what happens in the old country stays in the old country – or the country of one 's forbears .
Toronto's recent Tamil demonstrations , protesting the killing of civilians in a Sri Lankan military operation against the Tamil Tigers , ignited new controversy over the limit to which diasporas can continue their struggles in Canada .
The burning of a mainly Sinhalese Buddhist temple sparked fearful and furious reactions from those who declared that " foreign conflicts " had no place here .
The media , too , have been caught up , as cyberspace sizzles with angry diatribes from both sides .
The Sri Lankan conflict is not unique .
As electronic communication burgeons , so have journalists ' email baskets and Twitter lists , overflowing with complaints or entreaties from pro-Israeli and pro-Palestinian groups , Serbian and Kosovar exiles , Iranian dissidents and advocates for Armenia , Tibet , Burma , Afghanistan , Somalia , Darfur and Haiti – to name a few .
While some diasporas have been actively engaged in reconstruction , development and peace - making in their original countries , others are more hardline than the people they left behind , and the polarized debates they arouse make it more difficult to find accommodation or peace .
" Politics these days is often acted out by populations who are geographically removed from the sites of conflict , " notes a paper by Camilla Orjuela of the University of Gothenburg in Sweden .
" But although politics is to a large extent `deterritorialized ' – it can be carried out ( no matter ) where you are – it has not ceased to be about territory . "
Diasporas have the power to shape debate at home and abroad , to push local politicians to take part in international events and to use their money to support political or military movements that can change history for better or worse .
In some cases their power increases in their adopted countries , where they have less direct influence but more , and safer , access to communication tools .
And for dissidents who oppose dictatorial regimes , it is easier to defend human rights while staying out of range of murderous revenge .
But political lines may also harden as distance increases .
And as years go by , second - and third - generation diasporas may be most adamant , and inflexible , about a solution for their families ' homelands , which they see in idealized terms .
They also lack one of the main ingredients of settlement : the sheer war weariness that takes over when one or both parties have suffered enough destruction .
Some Irish - descended Americans , for example , backed the IRA 's violent campaign for a united Ireland , while the exhausted population of Northern Ireland , both Catholic and Protestant , were ready for a peace process that was forged in compromise .
The difficulty diasporas may have in coming to terms with less - than - ideal solutions is clear .
The 250 or so conflicts simmering throughout the world guarantee that they or their families will have fled quickly , with few resources and deep psychological wounds .
Their view of their familial countries is flash frozen in an agonizing moment of time .
" For years I woke up screaming , " a young Rwandan - born woman who lost her family in the genocide told me .
" It was something I lived with .
In the daytime I could feel normal , but at night it was different . "
The first generation of traumatized refugees spends its lifetime coping with the horror of murder , torture , ethnic cleansing and violent seizure of their homes .
Their nightmares are passed on to their children and grandchildren , who suffer their own forms of trauma , including the guilt that comes from leading double lives , inside and outside of their own families and communities .
Multiculturalism – encouraging communities to preserve their own cultures , languages and traditions – fosters pride , but may make adaptation more difficult for the young , who receive mixed messages .
Some soothe their sense of alienation by identifying with the struggles in their parents ' homelands , creating an ideal future from a sometimes - mythical past .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Even in the U.S. , where the melting pot trumps multiculturalism , emotional attachment to a cultural " motherland " remains .
The diasporas have long arms , supporting " foreign " struggles through lobbying and fundraising for their causes .
" It 's the most important work I could do right now , " said an impeccably dressed American businessman smoking in the lobby of a rundown Albanian hotel during the 1999 Kosovo conflict .
Of Albanian descent , he had come to hand over funds raised for the guerrillas who were battling the Serbs for an independent state .
And he said , he would continue until the fight was won .
It 's a sentiment that many feel about many national causes .
And one that is questioned by others who see no room for " dual loyalty . "
But in the new transnational landscape , where boundaries are virtual as well as real , identity has taken on a new dimension .
And so have the conflicts that once seemed so far from our shores .
Sorry to brag , sorry to lord it over you like this , but I 've got a cat flap .
Yeah .
A little feline - sized door - within - a - door for a cat to walk through .
A cat flap !
Beat that .
I did n't even have to install it .
It came with the flat , courtesy of the previous owners .
As a child I never dared to dream that one day I 'd own my own cat flap , and even now that I do , I sometimes have to pinch myself and remember that yes : this is real .
This is my cat flap .
And it lives in my door .
I do n't have a cat though .
I do n't have any pets .
Yet people keep telling me to get one , just like they keep telling me to get a wife .
( Incidentally , before Alison Donnell from the department of English and American literature at the University of Reading writes another impenetrable article for Comment is Free in which she humourlessly over - analyses one of my throwaway sentences , I should perhaps point out that I 'm not equating wives with pets .
For one thing , you can't bury a wife in a shoebox .
In several shoeboxes , sliced thinly , maybe - but not one .
I should also clarify that when I mention " burying a wife in a shoebox " I 'm not making light of murder or anything like that ; I 'm talking about a hypothetical wife who died of natural causes - and that furthermore , said hypothetical wife was a postoperative transsexual who'd been born a man , and that her dying wish was to be sliced thinly and lovingly placed in a series of shoeboxes .
Finally , I 'd like to point out that in her will , she bequeathed everything she owned to an institute of gender studies run by a team of hermaphrodites .
It 's actually a bloody inspiring story , OK ? )
Anyway , back to pets , and people telling me to get one .
Assuming the stone 's being thrown by a powerful robot , I live a stone 's throw from Battersea Dogs and Cats Home , a building full of lonely looking furry creatures with gigantic pleading eyes .
I could go in there and walk out with armfuls of puppies and kittens .
But I wo n't .
Or rather can't .
I just can't .
Why ?
Because animals die , that 's why .
And they die too soon .
They 've got short life spans .
I had a cat once .
And I loved that cat .
But eventually the cat died , and I do n't know if I want to go through that again .
Literally every time I stroke someone else 's cat or dog , all I can think is , " Yes , it 's lovely , but it 'll die " .
Every time I envisage myself owning a pet , my mind immediately floods with pre-emptive grief .
What if it got run over ?
Or it choked on something ?
What if I tripped and fell and dropped a Yellow Pages on its head ?
I just could n't bear it .
Yes , I know humans die too , and usually leave even sharper grief in their wake when they do so .
But you can't go through life without becoming at least vaguely attached to at least one or two humans in some form or another .
The pain they 'll cause is unavoidable .
Whereas pets seem easier to cut out .
I know , pet lovers , I know .
The joy your pets give while alive far outweighs the grief of their passing .
You might even argue that foreknowledge of your pet 's future death actually lends your delight in their comparatively fleeting existence even more resonance .
That 's all very well .
I still do n't want to come home one night to find a dead cat on the floor .
When I asked the internet whether I should get a pet , I got a variety of responses .
One person suggested buying something dangerous , like a scorpion or a tiger .
That way , rather than worrying about its death , I 'd be worrying about my own .
Our day - to - day existence would turn into a nail - biting contest in which only one of us would make it out alive .
But I live in London .
My stress levels peaked some time ago , thanks .
Someone else suggested a virtual pet , like a Tamagotchi .
I had one of those years ago : accidentally put it through the washing machine in a jeans pocket and felt like a murderer .
Taxidermy also got a mention .
True , a stuffed pet would n't die .
But it would stand around in a glass box , advertising death .
And that 's what I see when I look in the mirror .
I see death .
The ageing process and death .
And a mop .
The mop 's often propped up against that wall at the back I can see from the mirror .
It 's not relevant to the discussion .
I just threw it in to lighten the mood .
I suppose what I 'm getting at here is I 'm just too damn angsty to own a pet .
Which is a pity because , like I say , I 've got a cat flap .
And whenever people see it they go , " Ooh , have you got a cat ? " and I have to explain that I do n't , because of death and everything , and it's a bit of a conversation - killer to be honest .
And it 's happened so many times now that every time I see the cat flap , I think about the cat I do n't have , and how much I 'd like one if only it would n't die , and then I realise I 'm mourning a theoretical cat , which in turn leads me to contemplate how little time I have in my own life , and how I should n't really waste it in morbid mental cul - de- sacs , and that makes me sad .
The cat flap makes me sad .
Which is why I 'm going to stop typing now and brick the bastard up .
Who 's laughing now , cat flap ?
WHO'S LAUGHING NOW ?
• This week Charlie decided throwing eggs at Nick Griffin is counterproductive .
To really confound him , the protesters should arrive in an open - top bus filled with 200 incredibly pretty FHM " high - street honey " type glamour girls who simply point at him and laugh derisively at the end of every sentence .
Can someone please make this happen ?
What is common ground ?
Can pro-lifers embrace birth control ?
Can pro-choicers embrace abortion 's moral complexity ?
Should we pay women not to have an abortion ?
Will Saletan , of Slate , and I consider all the complicated questions .
What is common ground ?
Can pro-lifers embrace birth control ?
Can pro-choicers embrace abortion ’s moral complexity ?
Should we pay women not to have an abortion ?
Why must Obama lead us toward common ground ?
Will Saletan , of Slate , and I consider all the complicated questions .
Basically , there are two ways to do this .
One thread or doubled thread .
I learned doubled , and that 's how I do everything now .
Many people also sew using a single thread so I 'll teach both ways !
You 'll want to trim the end of the thread that will be put through the eye with very sharp scissors .
This will give it a clean edge and help you ease it through the eye of the needle .
If you have problems with this , you can buy a needle threader .
They can be quite useful for those with bad eyes or shaky hands . :)
Now you 'll decide whether to do double or single threaded .
Single threaded : pull the thread through the eye so that the needle is a few inches from the end .
You can then cut the length of thread that you like .
You will knot the longer single thread however you like and begin sewing .
Make sure you 're holding the shorter bit of thread close to the needle while sewing - otherwise , it will slip through the eye and you 'll have to keep rethreading it !
Double threaded : pull the thread through the eye and double it up .
The end that 's threaded through the eye will meet up with the thread from the spool .
This way you 'll have two tail ends .
You 'll knot these together and then sew with the doubled up thread .
I find this way easier , but it 's really up to you !
If you 're confused about how to knot the thread , see below :
I find it is easiest to wind the end of the thread around one of my fingers so that it forms a loop .
You can then slip that loop off your finger and pull the end through .
I usually do this twice so I know the knot will stay !
The last pictures will show this process . :D
Qualcuno li fermi ! giugno 10 , 2009
Il sito italia.it , nonostante i milioni di euro buttati , è ancora off - line , sembra però che il duo B&B ( Berlusconi - Brambilla ) stia già lavorando alacremente , coadiuvato da uno staff di grafici , al nuovo logo italiano .
Qui sotto , per un confronto , il famoso ( e bello ) logo della Spagna e , a fianco , il probabile ( e agghiacciante ) nuovo logo dell ’ Italia “ Magic Italy “ , che prenderà il posto dello sfortunato “ cetriolo “ , l’ex logo clamorosamente affondato insieme al mega portale dello scandalo italia.it .
Certo da un venditore di materassi e da una pescivendola non ci si poteva aspettare chissaché , ma coi milioni di consulenti del Governo non c’erano dei grafici decenti ?
Qualcuno li fermi !
Footage of Neda 's dying moments was seen around the world Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has called for an investigation into the death of a young woman who has become an icon of opposition protests .
He urged Iran 's judicial authorities to bring to justice those responsible for the shooting of Neda Agha - Soltan .
Mr Ahmadinejad said there were many fabricated reports in the foreign media about the shooting of the 26 - year - old during a protest earlier this month .
Eyewitnesses reportedly said a member of a government militia had shot her .
Video footage of the music student 's dying moments was seen around the world after being posted on the internet .
' Suspicious ' death
She was shot on 20 June , when supporters of defeated election candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi clashed with riot police and Basij militiamen in the capital Tehran .
Some 17 people are thought to have died during the post-election street protests .
IRAN UNREST 12 June Presidential election saw incumbent Mahmoud Ahmadinejad re-elected with 63 % of vote Main challenger Mir Hossein Mousavi called for result to be annulled for electoral fraud Street protests saw at least 17 people killed and foreign media restricted
Your questions answered Q&A : Election aftermath How Iran is ruled Who 's who in Iran Send us your comments
In a letter to judiciary chief Ayatollah Mahmoud Hashemi -Shahroudi , Mr Ahmadinejad described Neda 's death as " suspicious , " reported the official Irna news agency on Monday .
His letter added : " I request you to order the judicial system to seriously follow up the murder case ... and identify elements behind the case and inform the people of the result , " reported Irna .
Mr Ahmadinejad 's letter also suggested that the opposition and Iran 's enemies overseas had sought to exploit her death " for their own political aims and also to distort the pure and clean image of the Islamic Republic in the world " .
President Ahmadinejad was declared the poll winner by a landslide , but his opponents said the victory was achieved by massive fraud .
The authorities reject the charge but Iran 's top legislative body , the Guardians Council , has begun a partial recount of the poll - a move rejected by the defeated opposition candidate .
Diplomatic row Meanwhile , UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown has demanded the release of British embassy staff detained by the Iranian authorities in Tehran .
Iranian officials say they have freed five of the nine staff and the rest are being interrogated .
Iran repeatedly accused foreign powers - especially Britain and the US - of meddling after the 12 June election .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
In the fallout from the crisis , Tehran has expelled two British diplomats and the UK has responded with a similar measure .
At least 1,000 opposition supporters are reported to have staged a noisy rally outside a mosque in Tehran on Sunday evening before it was broken up by police and militia .
The report could not be independently verified because of reporting restrictions on foreign media .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Egypt ’s Islamic Brotherhood stated that unity is necessary in defending Jerusalem .
Muhammad Mahdi Akif , the secretary - general for the Islamic Brotherhood stated in an interview with Al - Quds al - ‘ Arabi printed in London , that this party is prepared to give its life and property in the defense of Jerusalem .
Akif accused Arab organizations and Arab leaders of dishonor in regard to Jerusalem .
He emphasized : “ Some Arab organizations do not accept any invitation to jihad .
Rather , they arrest and assassinate civilians who try to defend Jerusalem or Gaza .
” Akif added : “ When Arab leaders should be kicking out Israeli and American ambassadors because of their evil plans in regards to Jerusalem , they are trying to meet with them . ”
You have to wonder if right - wingers will ever get it : Difference is n't a threat .
They were mewling like wounded hyenas this weekend after some of us pointed out that there was a direct connection between the irresponsible fearmongering in which they 've been indulging since Barack Obama was elected and Saturday 's tragedy in Pittsburgh .
Michelle Malkin , for example , whined to her cultlike audience that liberals were being mean to them : " You killed these police officers .
It ’s all your fault . "
As Oliver notes , the Instawanker has been thrashing about angrily too .
My favorite , though , was Neil Sheppard at Newsbusters :
Let 's be clear what these attacks on folks like Beck , Rush Limbaugh , and Sean Hannity are all about -- the left - wing in our nation want to silence ALL opposing voices in the media , and they will do it using all tools at their disposal INCLUDING blaming journalists and political commentators for the criminal behavior of others .
This is a familiar refrain that comes up every time anyone raises a socially damning issue like this one :
We 're trying to oppress them , to silence their voices , by pointing out how morally and ethically bankrupt they are .
Actually , we 're just pointing out how bankrupt they are .
No one here has said anything about silencing their voices -- we just want them to face up to the consequences of their irresponsible rhetoric .
It 's called culpability :
They obviously are not criminally culpable , nor likely even civilly culpable .
But they are morally and ethically culpable .
We do have serious differences of opinion here .
We strongly believe that there 's a clear , common - sense connection between the paranoiac fearmongering that has passed for right - wing rhetoric since well before Obama 's election ( and has become acute since ) and violence like that in Pittsburgh , or in Knoxville : horrifying tragedies , in which the sources of the criminal 's unambiguous motives are that very same hysterical fearmongering -- whether it's about the evil socialists , stinking immigrants , or conspiring gun-grabbers who 've taken over the country since Election Day .
And yes , Glenn Beck deserves some mention here .
As the video above demonstrates , his fearmongering on the gun issue is noteworthy in itself .
I 'm sure we all remember the time he speculated that these shooters were just ordinary citizens frustrated by " the system " and " political correctness . "
Or more recently , when he sneered at Missouri law - enforcement efforts to distribute intelligence about right - wing extremists :
Beck :
Let 's put this into perspective here :
Our researchers could n't find a single report of a single death specifically linked to a militia group , or an individual member of a militia , in over a decade .
Yet an average of more than 150 officers die every year nationwide .
Have you counted the number of dead police officers in Philadelphia ?
And militia numbers are reportedly down after the Oklahoma City bombing in 1995 -- seems it gave them a bad name .
So why are militias getting so much attention from Missouri ?
The point is not to silence the people saying these things , but to point out how grotesquely irresponsible they are -- in the hopes that they will cease doing so , and start acting responsibly .
It 's their choice to use irresponsible rhetoric .
It 's not just our choice but our duty , as responsible citizens , to stand up and speak out about it .
And make no mistake : Rhetoric that whips up irrational fears among the public , that demonizes and dehumanizes and scapegoats -- that 's irresponsible rhetoric .
And we are calling the American Right on it .
Charles W. Blow had a prescient column about this in the New York Times the day before the shooting :
All this talk of revolution is revolting , and it has n’t gone unnoticed .
As the comedian Bill Maher pointed out , strong language can poison weak minds , as it did in the case of Timothy McVeigh .
( We sometimes forget that not all dangerous men are trained by Al Qaeda . )
At the same time , the unrelenting meme being pushed by the right that Obama will mount an assault on the Second Amendment has helped fuel the panic buying of firearms .
According to the F.B.I. , there have been 1.2 million more requests for background checks of potential gun buyers from November to February than there were in the same four months last year .
That ’s 5.5 million requests altogether over that period ; more than the number of people living in Bachmann ’s Minnesota .
Coincidence ?
Maybe .
Just posturing ?
Hopefully .
But it all gives me a really bad feeling .
That 's especially the case when you figure the role of right - wing extremists into this situation -- people like Richard Poplawski :
Richard Andrew Poplawski was a young man convinced the nation was secretly controlled by a cabal that would eradicate freedom of speech , take away his guns and use the military to enslave the citizenry .
His online profile suggests someone at once lonely and seething .
He wrote of burning the backs of both of his hands , the first time with a cigarette , the second time for symmetry .
He subscribed to conspiracy theories and , by January 2007 , was posting photographs of his tattoos on white supremacist Web site Stormfront .
Among his ambitions : " to accumulate enough ' I punched that [ expletive ] so hard ' stories to match my old man . "
Mr. Poplawski's view of guns and personal freedom took a turn toward the fringes of American politics .
With Mr. Perkovic , he appeared to share a belief that the government was controlled from unseen forces , that troops were being shipped home from the Mideast to police the citizenry here , and that Jews secretly ran the country .
" We recently discovered that 30 states had declared sovereignty , " said Mr. Perkovic , who lives in Lawrenceville .
" One of his concerns was why were these major events in America not being reported to the public . " ...
Believing most media were covering up important events , Mr. Poplawski turned to a far - right conspiracy
Web site run by Alex Jones , a self - described documentarian with roots going back to the extremist militia movement of the early 1990s .
Around the same time , he joined Florida - based Stormfront , which has long been a clearinghouse Web site for far - right groups .
He posted photographs of his tattoo , an eagle spread across his chest .
" I was considering gettin ' life runes on the outside of my calfs , " he wrote .
Life runes are a common symbol among white supremacists , notably followers of The National Alliance , a neo -Nazi group linked to an array of violent organizations .
Because we believe in freedom of speech and freedom of thought , there will probably always be haters like Richard Poplawski among us .
Inevitably they will be driven by fear : the fear of difference .
Because to them , difference of any kind is a threat .
And what we know from experience about volatile , unstable actors like them is that they can be readily induced into violent action by hateful rhetoric that demonizes and dehumanizes other people .
And thanks to human nature and those same freedoms , we will certainly always have fearmongering demagogues among us .
But the purveyors of such profoundly irresponsible rhetoric need to be called on it -- especially when they hold the nation 's media megaphones .
As Bill Clinton put it , after Oklahoma City :
In this country we cherish and guard the right of free speech .
We know we love it when we put up with people saying things we absolutely deplore .
And we must always be willing to defend their right to say things we deplore to the ultimate degree .
But we hear so many loud and angry voices in America today whose sole goal seems to be to try to keep some people as paranoid as possible and the rest of us all torn up and upset with each other .
They spread hate .
They leave the impression that , by their very words , that violence is acceptable .
You ought to see -- I 'm sure you are now seeing the reports of some things that are regularly said over the airwaves in America today .
Well , people like that who want to share our freedoms must know that their bitter words can have consequences and that freedom has endured in this country for more than two centuries because it was coupled with an enormous sense of responsibility on the part of the American people .
If we are to have freedom to speak , freedom to assemble , and , yes , the freedom to bear arms , we must have responsibility as well .
And to those of us who do not agree with the purveyors of hatred and division , with the promoters of paranoia , I remind you that we have freedom of speech , too , and we have responsibilities , too .
And some of us have not discharged our responsibilities .
It is time we all stood up and spoke against that kind of reckless speech and behavior .
If they insist on being irresponsible with our common liberties , then we must be all the more responsible with our liberties .
When they talk of hatred , we must stand against them .
When they talk of violence , we must stand against them .
When they say things that are irresponsible , that may have egregious consequences , we must call them on it .
The exercise of their freedom of speech makes our silence all the more unforgivable .
So exercise yours , my fellow Americans .
Our country , our future , our way of life is at stake .
Of course , the right - wingers mewled piteously after Clinton gave that speech , too .
They claimed he was trying to silence them , when in fact he was quite explicit about not doing that .
Nonetheless , it became part of established right - wing lore that " Clinton blamed Rush Limbaugh for Oklahoma City . "
It 's classic projection , of course -- because when they attack liberals , especially in the very personal way they favor , they are trying to silence them .
They wo n't be able to keep getting away with that ruse forever .
Because we 're not trying to silence them .
We 're standing up to them .
We 're not threatening them -- we 're simply engaging in our own right of free speech , just like them .
They simply do n't want to have to deal with the substance of what we 're saying .
They do n't want to face up to the very real culpability for which they are being called out .
When he was around 20 , Cowgill met his first serious boyfriend in Louisville , Kentucky , where he had gone to stay with friends .
The man , a chef 15 years his senior , was an alcoholic .
" I remember one fall afternoon I realized that if I drank more than him , his drinking did n't hurt , " Cowgill says .
" So that day I became the bartender at home .
Before that , I had been drunk once or twice , but not like I got drunk with him . "
As a teenager in the early 1970s , Cowgill found acceptance in a church choir near his suburban Birmingham , Alabama , home .
He eventually attended Birmingham 's Samford University , where , he says , he'd do " spectacularly well one semester and then flunk out the next " because of his depressive episodes .
He would spend six years in college without receiving a degree .
" After having been a very good boy all my life , " he recalls , " [ college ] was when I went very , very bad .
I 'm gay , and that 's when I began to discover that about myself . "
His Southern Baptist upbringing , family disapproval , and the less - enlightened tenor of the times all contributed to making his coming out " a complicating factor " in his depression .
" College was also when I discovered alcohol , " he says , " and therein began my demise . "
In addition to depression , Cowgill would spend the next two decades battling alcoholism , panic attacks , suicide attempts , even homelessness .
Always , though , he found a way to dig himself out .
" Looking back at my childhood , " he says , " it 's clear to me now that most of my life I suffered from really major depression , even in my early school years .
I cried every day .
I do n't know what I was so upset about , but to this day , if I smell sweeping compound , it makes me nauseous , because it reminds me of grade school . "
Many people would not consider Lee Cowgill a man to whom fortune has been particularly kind .
But , as he points out , " once you 've had any sort of brush with disaster in your life , it gives you a different perspective . "
Though what Cowgill calls a " brush " was actually more like full - immersion disaster , a situation from which he extricated himself in sometimes excruciatingly tiny increments .
His difficulties first became apparent at a time when most people have nothing more on their minds than what they 're going to get for Christmas .
Most mornings during nice weather , Lee Cowgill has coffee on the 32 - foot - long balcony of his Quincy condo with its view of the building 's pool .
He moved in just short of a year ago , and it 's the first place the 51 - year - old has ever owned .
" I look out at the fog , listen to the woodpecker , " says the soft - spoken man with a graying mustache and warm blue eyes .
" Hardly a day goes by that I do n't think of myself as fortunate . "
In 1990 , around the time he started at Pine Street , Cowgill met the man he remains involved with today .
" We would talk on the subway on the way to work , " Cowgill recalls .
It was n't long before the attraction became clear .
" ' Soul mate ' is the term that comes to mind . "
Though they 've been together for 19 years , Cowgill is saying no to marriage or even living together .
" After being so enmeshed with my ex , " he says , " I need separateness in a relationship .
That 's what works best for us . "
He quickly started taking on more responsibility at the store and quit the methadone clinic to work at the Pine Street Inn , a shelter and homeless - services organization in the South End .
His first job was to sit in the locker room every night to make sure all of the homeless men took a shower , locked up their belongings , and put on the pajamas given to them .
" Not a very glamorous job , " he concedes , but it started him toward a supervisory position .
Still , Cowgill had setbacks .
" For probably the first five years of my sobriety I would have terrible bouts of depression , " he says , despite being on medications meant to control it .
" There were at least three more hospitalizations for depression , and I was still having panic attacks .
It helped to have a support system . "
Through contacts at Alcoholics Anonymous , Cowgill got a job working at a methadone clinic collecting urine samples .
Of all places , he says , that was where he began to rebuild his self - esteem -- simply by having a job .
He took a second job at a convenience store and moved in with a friend , Bill Norris , with whom he would end up rooming for 20 years , until he bought his condo last July .
" He became like the brother I never had , " says Norris .
It was thanks in part to Norris 's support that Cowgill continued to make strides toward becoming , as Norris puts it , " a person who stands up straight and tall . "
In 1987 , Cowgill decided that to get sober for good he had to break it off with his boyfriend .
" There 's like an eight - month period where I 'd classify myself as homeless .
I had left the apartment , and I had no job , no money , no insurance .
I was living in public programs . "
Things went relatively well for a couple of years , but Cowgill had become physically addicted to booze .
Once when he tried to quit , he had seizures and hallucinations for two days and cut himself trying to jump out of a third - floor window .
" The sad thing was , " he says , " after going through all that I drank again in a week . "
For several more months he tried to quit on his own , and each failure resulted in a suicide attempt .
He also tried detox programs , without success .
Soon the couple were " absolutely enmeshed , " he says .
" We were never apart .
We lived together , worked together , drank together . "
Unfortunately , because of that last part , they also got fired together , and " everything around us began to crumble . "
In 1981 , they moved to Boston , where the boyfriend had grown up .
Perhaps the biggest leap came when Cowgill discovered computers .
At 35 , he started attending UMass - Boston to study human - services management , and one of the required courses introduced him to the new electronic world .
He soon set up a lab in his apartment , building computers and networks , tearing them down , and putting them back together in different configurations .
" I 've always had a natural curiosity about how things worked , " he says .
" Even as a kid , the first thing I would do with a new toy was take it apart . "
Now working full time at Pine Street , he was approached to head up its portion of a project to computerize the records of the city 's homeless programs .
In 1999 , he left the shelter to take a job in a temp agency working on computer systems around the area .
It proved to be a turning point .
" The agency required we wear a jacket and tie to report to the new client , " Cowgill says .
" We went to Marshalls , and it was an event .
We bought jackets , ties , shirts .
I was definitely excited and proud . "
His first assignment was at the nonprofit Boston Health Care for the Homeless Program .
The job soon grew into a full - time offer .
" That was an enormous boost to my ego , because they had to pay the agency to buy my contract .
Someone wanted me enough that they had to pay what I considered a huge amount of money . "
In 1999 , he started as network administrator , but over the 10 years he has worked there he has taken on more and more responsibility .
Today , as technology infrastructure manager , he handles the nearly 50 servers that network 350 employees , eight remote sites , and the wireless systems used by the program 's street team .
Pooja Bhalla , the organization 's associate director of clinical operations , describes Cowgill as " irreplaceable , " while Bob Taube , the executive director , says he 's " very kind , very compassionate , genuine , honest , and straightforward . "
But what makes him unique , Taube explains , is that " he really lives the mission of our program -- but he does it totally behind the scenes .
He works with computers and routers and switches , but there 's no mistaking that he does it with a passion that goes to the mission . "
Taube and others say they were surprised when they first heard Cowgill 's back story .
" The thought of him being someone who was adrift was not the first thing I would have imagined if you 'd asked me to make up his background , " Taube says .
Jim O'Connell , the program 's president and founding physician , says that though many people get off the streets and do relatively well in recovery , they often remain in low - skill jobs .
" Lee has transcended the usual limits of success , " O'Connell says , " by sheer dint of personality and talent . "
As Cowgill explains it : " There are 10 - year milestones in my life .
I got sober just before I turned 30 , began a new career just before I turned 40 .
And just before I turned 50 I knew I wanted to take the next step -- buy a property and live alone . "
For several years , Cowgill saved for a down payment .
He began canvassing open houses .
Finally , he found his dream home , a condo in a converted schoolhouse .
Like a proud father - to - be showing off ultrasound images , Cowgill made a website so he could share pictures of the unit with his friends .
Then , the deal fell through .
But , as he had so many times , Cowgill rallied .
He and his realtors " went on a marathon spree " and found another condo in time to make his original closing date .
And his new home has amenities the other one did n't , including that balcony , the pool , and a 10 - minute walk to Wollaston Beach .
" I think , " he says , " things are all for the best . "
Elizabeth Gehrman is a freelance writer in East Boston .
Send comments to magazine@globe.com .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
Neil Lewington denies a total of eight charges A racist arrested by chance at a railway station was " on the cusp " of waging a terror campaign using tennis balls and weedkiller , a jury has heard .
Neil Lewington , 43 , had a bomb factory at his parents ' home in Reading , Berks , and wanted to target those he thought " non-British " , prosecutors alleged .
The Old Bailey heard he was carrying bomb parts when arrested at Lowestoft , Suffolk , for abusing a train conductor .
He denies eight charges related to terrorism or explosives .
Brian Altman QC , prosecuting , said Mr Lewington was found to be carrying the component parts of two " viable , improvised incendiary devices " .
His holdall had been searched after his arrest , when he was also held for drinking and smoking on the train and urinating in public , the court heard .
This man who had strong if not fanatical right - wing leanings and opinions was on the cusp of embarking on a campaign of terrorism
Brian Altman QC , prosecuting Later searches of Mr Lewington 's home revealed a notebook entitled " Waffen SS UK members ' handbook " which contained drawings of electronics and chemical mixtures , jurors were told .
" In addition to all of that , the police discovered evidence that the defendant sympathised with and quite clearly adhered to white supremacist and racist views , " said Mr Altman .
Mr Lewington had an " unhealthy interest " in the London nail bomber David Copeland , America 's Unabomber and Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh , the court heard .
Mr Altman said : " The effect of these finds is to prove that this man , who had strong if not fanatical right - wing leanings and opinions , was on the cusp of embarking on a campaign of terrorism against those he considered non-British . "
He said Mr Lewington had two video compilations of news and documentary footage about bombers and bombings both in Britain and the US .
' No qualifications '
This interest had gone " far beyond the mere intellectual or academic levels " , Mr Altman said .
" In the privacy of his own bedroom and far from the gaze of his parents with whom he lived , this defendant had amassed the component parts of and had begun the manufacture of improvised explosive or incendiary devices , " he said .
Mr Altman said Mr Lewington left school at 16 without qualifications but had worked in a number of electronics jobs .
He had been unemployed for 10 years after being sacked from his last job for being drunk and , though he lived with his parents , had not spoken to his father for 10 years .
His mother said he had placed Plasticine in the keyhole of his bedroom door so no - one could see inside , the court heard .
It was alleged that Mr Lewington , described as " a loner " , had met a number of girlfriends through mobile phone chatlines .
One said she was put off when he made racist remarks , while another - an army cadet sergeant - said he asked if she had dealings with the Nazi group Combat 18 , the court heard .
Mr Lewington had taken some weedkiller from her and later told her he had bought a child 's chemistry set to use for making explosives , Mr Altman said .
Mr Lewington is accused of preparing for terrorism by having the bomb parts in a public place .
He also faces two charges of having articles for terrorism - including the weedkiller , firelighters and three tennis balls - two of having documents for terrorism and another of collecting information for terrorism .
Two further counts allege he possessed an explosive device " with intent to endanger life " and that he had explosives , namely weedkiller .
The trial continues .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Hacking Tool Lets A VM Break Out And Attack Its Host
' Cloudburst ' memory - corruption exploit released with Immunity 's new version of Canvas penetration testing software
Researchers for some time have demonstrated the possibility of one of virtualization 's worst nightmares -- a guest virtual machine ( VM ) infiltrating and hacking its host system .
Now another commercial tool is offering an exploit that does exactly that .
The newest version of Immunity 's Canvas commercial penetration testing tool , v6.47 , includes the so - called Cloudburst attack module , which was developed by Immunity researcher Kostya Kortchinsky to exploit a VMWare vulnerability ( CVE - 2009 - 1244 ) in VMware Workstation that lets a user or attacker in a " guest " VM break into the actual host operating environment .
VMware issued a patch for the bug in April .
" Companies and administrators tend to trust that breaking out of a VM is not possible , " says Nick Selby , director of the enterprise security practice at The 451 Group .
" A lot of people consider this to be just another proof - of - concept .
They do n't understand that is a commercially available exploit . "
Even though VMware has issued a patch , many enterprises may not necessarily have implemented it , Selby says .
" We know that people do n't patch , " he adds .
Immunity 's VM " breakout " exploit follows that of Core Security Technologies ' VMware Shared Folders exploit in its Impact penetration testing tool announced last year .
The module " weaponized " a vulnerability discovered by Core that lets an attacker create or alter executable files on the Windows host OS .
For the attack to work , VMware 's Shared Folders feature must be enabled and at least one folder on the underlying host system must be configured to share files with the VM .
Selby says Cloudburst is a more significant hack because it's a memory corruption - based method that lets an attacker access more of the system and do more damage .
" This is memory corruption , " he says .
And Cloudburst works with default VM settings , such as having VM tools installed , he says .
The attack entails the guest VM executing malicious code on the host , and then tunnels a connection to it .
VMWare Version 6.5.0 and 6.5.1 are affected , as well as all host operating systems , including Linux .
But there are simpler virtual machine " escape " methods than Cloudburst , notes HD Moore , creator of Metasploit and director of security architecture for Breaking Point Systems .
" There are some easy escape methods -- the host file system directory traversal -- that do n't require exploit tools ... you can abuse it from a standard shell , " Moore says .
Moore says this type of attack is most worrisome for organizations that run disparate systems on the same VM host .
That would mean " the cloud model where you are running systems for two unrelated customers on the same hardware , and you 're concerned about an attack on one gaining access to the other , " he says .
Have a comment on this story ?
Please click " Discuss " below .
If you 'd like to contact Dark Reading 's editors directly , send us a message .
Kelly Jackson Higgins is the Executive Editor of Dark Reading .
She is an award - winning veteran technology and business journalist with more than two decades of experience in reporting and editing for various publications , including Network Computing , Secure Enterprise ... View Full Bio
Amputee dies just after getting replacement legs Before man can walk again , tragedy strikes
Maria Rodirguez , left , and her sisters , Rosa Bravo and Conchita Gallegos , right , talk about the death of their brother .
Maria Rodirguez , left , and her sisters , Rosa Bravo and Conchita Gallegos , right , talk about the death of their brother .
Photo : Melissa Phillip , Chronicle Photo : Melissa Phillip , Chronicle Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Amputee dies just after getting replacement legs 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Juan Melendez , a double amputee from League City , walked for the first time Wednesday with two new legs donated by a local charity .
“ He was so excited , ” said Rosa Bravo , Melendez ’s sister .
But on Thursday morning , the day he was to show off his new legs for reporters , the 57 - year - old suffered a series of heart attacks that killed him .
He was to become the first recipient of Angels for Amputees , started by New Life and Brace Limb .
The charity gives prosthetics to those without insurance or enough money .
Melendez , who was also diabetic , had been denied Medicaid and disability .
Bravo and Maria Rodriguez , another of Melendez ’s 10 siblings , said their brother looked fine when they last saw him at Manor Care Health Services .
He began rehabilitation at the Webster facility about one year ago .
He had no prior history of heart problems , they said .
Bravo said a Manor Care employee told her Melendez “ got over - excited ” and that “ it was too much for him . ”
Manor Care refused comment .
Officials with New Life Brace and Limb said the situation was tragic .
“ He was so motivated , ” said Elizabeth Bass , director of marketing and sales .
“ He was trying so hard and he was doing a great job .
It was really cool to hear that he was able to get up and walk ( Wednesday ) all across the parallel bars .
They said he was grinning ear to ear . ”
Bass said the father of three wanted to walk right out the door and go home .
He got to buy one of his favorite items for the first time in years , Bravo said .
“ He had bought some new shoes — black Stacy Adams , ” Bravo said .
“ He had been shining them up .
He was real excited but could n’t walk in them yet because they were too heavy . ”
Lost a leg in prison
Melendez lost his first leg when he was in prison .
It lost blood pressure and he fell , resulting in an infection , Bravo said .
Fourteen months ago at his home in League City , the second leg became infected with gangrene and was amputated .
Before Melendez lost his legs , he enjoyed fishing at the Texas City dikes or Walter Hall Park in League City , his sisters said .
They say he had a good sense of humor .
Bravo recounted a time he played a prank at the rehabilitation facility .
“ He told a nurse , ’ someone stole my shoes , where are they ! ’ ” Bravo said .
“ The nurse was startled and started searching before he pulled back the blanket and she saw he had no legs . ”
Bingo winnings
Bravo and Rodriguez last saw their older brother on Tuesday , when they took him out to eat .
He gave Bravo a bag of toys he won playing bingo to give to her children .
He could stand , but had n’t tried walking , they said .
“ He said , ‘ Look sis , I ’m going to stand up for you to see me , ’ Bravo said .
“ He told the nurses he was going to leave walking . ”
allen.reed@chron.com
use Padre:: PPI
Wx
App::LexVarReplace
App::LexVarReplace :: Vim
I 'm sure the Padre developers were n't hoping to have their code absconded for those of us addicted to vim , but tsee 's recent blog post on refactoring with Padre 's lexical variable replace made me jealous -- I want that for vim !
So hack , hack , hack and This really is just leveraging the Padre code .
At this point I actuallybut that has the downside of requiring ( which I personally like but it is quite a requirement ) .
I only added a bit of code to make this into its own package and included some hints on vim scripting .
The idea is to show how this could be abstracted into a standalone module then Padre , vim and any other reasonably powerful editor could use it .
For now , I have packaged it aswithpod .
I would appreciate suggestions on the package layout and name , and any feedback from the Padre guys would be great .
The git repository is available for your perusal .
I must say that Padre seems very cool .
I continue to check it out every once in a while , but I just can't seem to give up vim , gnu screen and a good old xterm .
The developers have really done a great job leveraging modern Perl tools .
You should check it out !
I am only publishing this on github for now .
I would like to speak with tsee or one of the Padre developers before this makes it debut on CPAN , but I 'm a bit short on time at the moment .
Labels : perl , vim
If hes that stupid he should have got him in the head .
DAMN
I ’ve been doing some thinking about game balance lately .
Here ’s where I ’m coming from .
I remember back when D&D 3E came out .
As information was slowly released , there started to be a lot of message threads on discussion boards about how different classes or spells or other features were broken – either too powerful or not powerful enough .
When the game was released , there followed a real rush of house rules designed to fix the broken piece .
Same thing happened with 4E .
Same rush of complaints , same rush of house rules .
Anything wrong with that ?
Nope .
But the threads became more strident and angry as time went by , with people arguing passionately * either for or against the broken item .
It ’s still going on and , with all the new powers in 4E , I expect it to continue pretty much indefinitely .
The issue at the core of each of these discussions is game balance .
A large number of the threads about powers say will say that a given power is unbalanced , meaning ( generally ) too powerful **.
The words game breaker and win buttons get tossed around .
And you know what ?
It ’s all a bit ridiculous to me .
In my experience , there are two aspects of balance to consider .
One is the balance between characters .
This one , I take seriously – if someone feels that they have been slighted by the GM compared to another person in the game , that creates bad feelings , and that can hurt the game .
It does n’t matter if the perception is true or not : if it perceived to be true , then you ’ve gotta deal with it as if it were .
These balance issues can usually be dealt with with a little communication .
Talk to people .
Find out what ’s what .
If one character is doing a ton more damage than the others , get that player to show the others how he built the character .
Â
If someone has more stuff , slant the treasure in the direction of the others until things even out .
And if the perception is just plain wrong , look at why someone believes it and address that .
The other type of balance is the balance between the players and the GM .
This is entirely illusory – a shared fiction that allows the game to take place .
See , I ’ve been a GM for a while , now , and I ’ve discovered that I can kill the characters any time I want to .
And not just by resorting to Rocks Fall , Everyone Dies .
Any time I want to , I can just change the numbers on a monster in combat to make it kill the party .
I can bring in more monsters .
I can pick a monster that ’s already just too much for the party to handle .
There ’s no balance .
I have all the power .
There ’s an inherent social contract in gaming , though , that says the GM wo n’t pull crap like that .
The GM will give the party reasonable challenges that the party can overcome .
That ’s all it is , though : social convention .
An agreement that the GM and the players will work together to make the game fun .
So , I have to shake my head when I see a thread complaining about how powerful a given piece of the game is , and how it destroys the balance .
Especially when these complaints come from GMs .
Do n’t you guys get it ?
You ’re in charge !
The characters can have all the toys they can carry , and all the best powers they can think up , and they ’re still at your mercy !
Have they picked up a power that creates a zone of healing ?
Keep them out of it , either by having monsters that can move enemies around , or by making the environment so cramped that the zone is mostly inside solid walls .
Have they got a power that can kill a target every round ?
Swarm them with minions .
See ?
And that ’s just playing within the rules .
If you start to fudge things , the possibilities are literally endless .
There ’s another option , too – let it work .
Let it be as beautiful and horrifying as you feared it would be .
Let the players have the sense of accomplishment that comes from doing well in an encounter .
Enjoy it with them .
And plan something tougher for next time .
What ’s my answer when players in my games want to take a power that they think might be overpowered ?
I say , “ Sure ! ” If it looks like it ’s out of whack with the powers available to other characters , then I reserve the right to retroactively veto it , but I have never had to do that .
Never .
Even with home - made stuff .
In short , balance is a myth in roleplaying games .
Rules strive to create fairness , but they ca n’t coverÂ everything , and they ca n’t force someone to follow them .
Do n’t worry so much about balance .
Worry about everyone – you and your players – having fun .
Everything else will take care of itself .
Â
Â
* And only sometimes literately .
** Very few complaints out there that a power is unbalanced because it ’s not powerful enough – those powers just do n’t get picked by the players .
The complaint about lack of power is usually reserved for class features and other things that players do n’t get to pick from a list .
The area of computer music has been designing systems for aiding music composition and performance for over 40 years now .
The developers have not been much influenced by mainstream programming fads , but have been driven mainly by the needs of composers and performers .
Current systems keep the principal original metaphor , the patchboard : a collection of live modules ( " patches " ) connected by cables and easily inspected and modified on the fly .
This metaphor has full GUI support and is extended with interactive visual tools for abstraction and exploration , such as the maquette .
The language semantics are based on deterministic concurrency , with controlled use of nondeterminism and state .
Current systems are full - fledged programming platforms with visual dataflow languages .
Two examples among many are the Max / MSP platform for controlling and generating music performances in real time and the OpenMusic design studio for composers .
Max / MSP has two visual dataflow languages : one for control and one for real - time waveform generation .
OpenMusic has a dataflow language controlled interactively with many tools for composers .
These systems are actually general - purpose programming platforms .
They show that visual dataflow can be made both practical and scalable .
In my view , this is one promising direction for the future of programming .
Remember the whole “ we do not want to run the automakers ” routine ?
Cue up the laugh track .
President Obama ’s PTFOA has intervened to halve Chrysler ’s ad budget during its taxpayer - funded bankruptcy , reports Automotive News [ sub ] .
Chrysler had requested $ 134 million for advertising during its alleged nine - week bankruptcy .
That request was halved by the PTFOA because that body “ believed that it was not feasible to not spend anything on marketing and advertising for fear of eroding the image of the brand , ” says Chrysler Chapter 11 consultant , Robert Manzo , in court documents .
We knew Chrysler ’s DIP budget was being drawn up “ in consultation with the Treasury , ” but this is the first glimpse of a struggle between Chrysler management and its government paymasters .
According to Manzo ’s testimony , the issue was “ hotly discussed . ”
Judge Arthur Gonzalez apparently did n’t understand Chryco management ’s burning desire to run its second “ New Day ” - style ad campaign in as many years , especially on the taxpayer ’s dime .
He asked Manzo : “ idle plants ; why market ? ”
“ The belief on all sides was that it was essential for Chrysler not to lose its brand image in the marketplace . . .
Advertising and marketing dollars are critical to make sure the right message is out there about Chrysler , what ’s happening to Chrysler during this interim period and why Chrysler will be a brand going forward that is one that a consumer should continue to look at as one of their purchase opportunities . ”
And so they have $ 67 million with which to proclaim their bright future of dawning glory .
Because that ’s the appropriate amount to spend selling a bad idea to your new taxpaying non-customers .
Meanwhile , with GM cutting $ 300 million from its Q1 ad budget , AN [ sub ]
Publisher , Keith Crain , is suddenly asking “ Who can forget British Leyland ? ”
That ’s right , Detroit ’s biggest cheerleader during the rush to bailout is now Cassandra-ing on about the dangers of “ government ownership — or direction . ”
Because taxpayers should be expected to pay Crain ’s ( and TTAC’s ) ad revenue ( thanks to the ineffective profligacy of the Detroit midlemen ) without second thought or condition ?
Please .
Government intervention is never pretty , but accepting bailout bucks means accepting a certain amount of intrusion .
After all , even foolish investments have to be protected .
And Chrysler ’s “ I feel so brand new ” moment proves that Auburn Hills still need to be saved from itself .
AudioTool Music Synth – Just a decade ago , this browser - based synth / sequencer would have been on the cutting edge of computer music entertainment software .
Hobnox ’s AudioTool music synthesizer manages to do in your web browser what Propellerheads ReBirth did on your old PC .
Fire up a classic drum machine ( like the 808 or the 909 ) , a bass synthesizer ( like the 303 ) , add effects and you ’re making music .
Is this sounding like Greek to you ?
Stick around , we ’ll drop this on you in laymans terms– as this is one little toy you ’re likely to spend hours playing with .
AudioTool gives you the opportunity to create music using the classic tools that helped revolutionize electronic music .
Whether you ’re a musician or an avid fan , you can use this tool to express a little creativity on your own downtime .
After firing up AudioTool in your browser , you can select a preset configuration of modules , including instruments , effects and processors .
Load up a TR808 drum machine , you can begin creating a drum track with the click of a mouse .
Want your drums to echo ?
Load up a Delay effect and route your drums into it with a click and a drag– you ’ve got echoed drums .
The AudioTool Desktop
The AudioTool Desktop allows you to select instruments and effects to use in your composition , then move and arrange these “ modules ” and connect them in various ways .
Click on the AudioTool module button in the bottom left - hand corner of the screen , you can select any module and insert them as long as there is space on your desktop .
While you can use a preset selection of instruments based on the genre of your choice , using the blank screen is the most effective and customizable way to start .
The AudioTool Effects and Processing
Musicians might recognize the design of the AudioTool effects as inspired by the classic Boss guitar pedals of yesteryear .
There is a wide range of effects and processing available , including Compression , Delay , Reverb and Bitcrushing , shown clockwise above in green , yellow , purple and orange .
If you ’re not sure what these processors do , the best way to learn is to experiment .
Open up an effect module , route an instrument into it and play with the settings .
You ’ll hear the results after a few knob tweaks .
AudioTool Signal Routing
As is the same with classical analog music gear , the result of combined audio units was greater than the sum of its parts .
If you wired your old analog synth through a compressor , a delay line and a distortion unit , a wholly new sound texture could be created .
The same is true with AudioTool .
Fortunately , connecting different devices is a snap .
Just click on the “ output ” of one device , then drag the mouse to the “ input ” on another .
In the example above , the output of the Crusher effect is being routed into a channel on the AudioTool mixer .
That mixer then allows you to set volume and panning settings for that instrument source .
Using AudioTool , you can connect a large number of devices in a chain to create complex sounds beyond what the instrument alone could hope for .
If you ’re still reading , its time you stopped– head over and check out AudioTool for yourself .
Note that we do have a few criticisms of AudioTool that we ’d love to see Hobnox take a look at .
First , there were audio glitches when using AudioTool , as the audio generation was a bit taxing on our browser .
At times , the audio would buzz and repeat for a moment before correcting itself .
Additionally , if you have a Hobnox account , it ’d be nice to be able to download an audio file directly from AudioTool without having to go to your own HobNox account separately .
Last , we ’d love to see the ToneMatrix include some options to change the standard tone .
If we could change the synth waveforms , change cutoff and resonance , that ’d be good enough .
Those issues aside , AudioTool is a fun and surprisingly productive browser - based music system .
Fire it up , give it a test– and feel free to send us any of your creations !
Launch : AudioTool
Hobnox AudioTool Screencaps
That is our darling Rogue , doing the Vogue , as homage to Madonna .
The glorious variant cover for X - Men Legacy # 225 is part of Marvel Comics ’ celebration of their 70th Anniversary .
They are doing the decades .
Check .
That .
Out .
Yes , it ’s true .
Longshot dancing the Thriller in honor of the Eighties .
Mulletman + Michael Jackson = Classic . Marvel Zombies # 3 . Turn it up as loud as it goes and get real scared .
Yep , you guessed it .
John Travolta is a giant hairy monkey .
Gorilla Night Fever . Agents of Atlas # 7 takes the Seventies THERE .
That is all .
It would be easy for cynics to scoff at this valiant man .
They could point out that the Red Cross has nothing to do with the Crusades , that it 's merely the Swiss flag with the colours flipped .
They could observe that it is n't the shape of a Christian cross , in which the vertical beam , if that 's the word , is longer than the horizontal .
They could even remark that , upon the arrival of an ambulance , the first thought of a person bleeding to death is unlikely to be revulsion at the logo emblazoned on the vehicle .
The French warship is part of the EU 's operation in the Gulf of Aden A French warship has captured 11 pirates off the coast of Kenya , amid clamour for the international community to deal with the problem of piracy .
The gang was captured by a warship from an EU piracy patrol , French officials said , hours after a failed attack on a US ship .
Other pirates released a Greek ship and its 24 crew held since mid-March .
News of the incidents came as the UN special envoy for Somalia said the attacks threatened international peace .
The latest raid involved pirates firing rocket - propelled grenades and automatic weapons at a US - flagged cargo ship , the Liberty Sun , which was carrying food aid for Africa .
' Mother ship '
The French defence ministry said the warship Nivose captured the pirates about 550 miles ( 900 km ) east of the Kenyan port of Mombasa .
As everyone knows force is a last resort , but at the same time self - defence is legitimate .
But we should not go there for the time being .
Ahmedou Ould - Abdallah
UN special envoy for Somalia
Fighting off the Somali pirates
What to do with a captured pirate Q&A : Somali piracy TV shows to track Somali pirates
It had detected a " mother ship " , or command vessel , on Tuesday , and observed it overnight before launching an assault early on Wednesday , the ministry said .
An attack on a Liberian - registered vessel was also thwarted , the ministry added .
The Nivose is part of the European Union 's operation to protect shipping in the Gulf of Aden .
Meanwhile , a Greek - owned merchant vessel taken on 19 March was released by pirates , but there were no details of whether a ransom was paid .
The St Vincent - flagged Titan , with its 24 crew members all well , was now heading to its original destination of South Korea , the Greek maritime ministry said .
Despite several anti-piracy patrols , there has been an increase in raids in the past few days , with four ships seized and others attacked .
The United Nations special envoy for Somalia , Ahmedou Ould - Abdallah , said the attacks risked international security .
The Liberty Sun attack was said to be in revenge for the deaths of pirates
In a BBC interview , he also called for help for poor Somalis themselves , many of whom were being exploited by the pirates .
" What is important is to show determination as the international naval presence is doing , " he said .
" You will see in the next few weeks a sharp decrease in piracy .
" They already are going further south and at the same time we should do something inland , trying to provide more jobs for these unfortunate youngsters who are exploited by the financiers who are backing piracy . "
' Revenge attack ' Somalia 's Minister for International Co-operation , Abdlrahman Warsame , told the BBC's Focus on Africa programme : " The problem on the Somali piracy always lies on the land .
" If you can solve the problem on the land - and that means support the current national unity government - you 'll easily stop the piracy . "
Pirates have vowed to avenge the deaths of those killed in recent rescue operations by US and French forces .
After the attack on Liberty Sun , one pirate , Abdi Garad , told AFP news agency they had intended to destroy the ship and its crew .
He said : " The aim of this attack was totally different .
We were not after a ransom .
" We also assigned a team with special equipment to chase and destroy any ship flying the American flag in retaliation for the brutal killing of our friends . "
Three pirates were killed during the rescue of Captain Richard Phillips of the Maersk Alabama , who had been held captive for five days after being taken hostage from his ship .
Two more Somali pirates were killed in a French operation to free five hostages from a captured yacht .
Marines managed to free four hostages but the boat 's owner , Florent Lemacon , was killed .
A post -mortem examination will be carried out on Mr Lemacon later this week to try to determine whether he was killed by the pirates or by a stray French bullet .
Three other pirates detained in that operation have arrived in France for questioning .
The trio were in custody at a police facility in the north - western French town of Rennes .
It is understood the pirates , who are aged between 20 and 25 years , have spent the day being questioned by French investigators .
At least six other pirates are already in French custody after being captured by French marines last year .
In recent months Britain , the US , and the European Union have signed memorandums of understanding with Nairobi that Kenya will act as a kind of international tribunal for pirate crimes .
Several Somali pirates turned over by the US and Germany are already undergoing legal action there but , so far , Paris prefers to try captured pirates in French courts .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The figure shows , for each group and subgroup of subjects , the average percentage correct on the test for perfect pitch .
Within each group , early musical training mattered .
However , holding ethnicity constant , there was also an overwhelmingly strong effect of tone language fluency .
Courtesy Diana Deutsch .
Mozart , Tchaikovsky , Sinatra and Hendrix -- these and many other of the world 's most famous musicians have had " perfect " or " absolute " pitch .
The ability , defined as recognizing the pitch of a musical note without having to compare it to any reference note , is quite rare in the U.S. and Europe , where only about one person in 10,000 is thought to have it .
Often lumped into the mysterious realm of Talent , perfect pitch is - according to Diana Deutsch of the University of California , San Diego - probably more the result of nurture than nature , more environment than genes .
In a study published in the Journal of the Acoustical Society of America and being presented at the ASA meeting in Portland on May 21 , Deutsch and her coauthors find that musicians who speak an East Asian tone language fluently are much more likely to have perfect pitch .
" Perfect pitch for years seemed like a beautiful gift - given only to a few genetically endowed people .
But our research suggests that it might be available to virtually everybody , " Deutsch said .
Unlike English , many East Asian languages , such as Mandarin , Cantonese and Vietnamese , are " tonal , " so that a word 's meaning often depends on the tone in which it is said ( not to be confused with intonation such as sarcasm ) .
Deutsch surmises that learning perfect pitch is , for fluent speakers of a tone language , akin to learning a second tone language .
The study follows up on one Deutsch did in 1999 , which found that native speakers of Vietnamese and Mandarin exhibited a form of perfect pitch in enunciating words , which led her to hypothesize that pitch was an extra-musical ability .
Deutsch then set out to investigate perfect pitch in music .
In 2004 , she found that students at the Central Conservatory of Music in Beijing , China , all of whom spoke Mandarin , were almost nine times more likely to have perfect pitch than students at the Eastman School of Music in New York .
That last study , however , left open the question of whether perfect pitch might be a genetic trait - since all the Mandarin speakers were East Asian .
The present study looked at 203 students at the University of Southern California 's Thornton School of Music , all of whom agreed to take the test in class ( so there was no self - selection in the sample ) .
The students listened to the 36 notes that haphazardly spanned three octaves .
They attempted to identify the notes , and they self - reported their musical , ethnic and linguistic backgrounds - including whether they were very fluent in an East Asian tone language , fairly fluent or not at all fluent .
Deutsch and her colleagues found that students who spoke an East Asian tone language very fluently scored nearly 100 percent on the test , and that students who were only fairly fluent in a tone language scored lower overall .
Those students - either Caucasian or East Asian - who were not at all fluent in speaking a tone language scored the worst on average .
Listen to the brief test .
( Here are the answers to the brief test : D E G# / Ab C# / Db D# / Eb G )
Deutsch acknowledges that it still remains to be discovered why and how it is that some speakers of non -tone languages - Mozart , Sinatra et al. , as well as Deutsch herself - have perfect pitch .
She expects it to be related to either an exceptionally long " critical window " for language ( and tone ) acquisition , a very early musical upbringing , or both .
The research suggests , Deutsch said , that parents who want their kids to acquire perfect pitch should expose them to musical tones together with their verbal labels from infancy onwards .
" It also raises , " she said , " the interesting question :
What other exceptional abilities might be latent in an infant that we could bring out if we only knew what ' buttons ' to push ? "
Source : University of California - San Diego ( news : web )
Check out this visual history of every Apple product ever released .
In the first 10 years from when Apple was founded , it released 10 different computers models .
In the last 10 years , they ’ve released 24 different models .
Overall , 46 have been desktops while 19 have been portables .
During the last 10 years , however , the distribution has been almost equal with 14 desktops and 12 portables .
In the last 7.5 years , Apple has released a whopping 18 different iPod models though the new iPod Shuffle is n’t pictured below ..
Click below to see the full picture in its natural resolution .
Early detection , we are told , is wise .
We believe it opens doors to treatment , better outcomes , fewer sick days , more productivity , less bankruptcy , more stable lives and families , and even suicide prevention .
That 's why all primary care doctors , a gateway to treatment , are supposed be on the look out for signs of depression or symptoms of bipolar disorder .
Sounds simple .
But it does n't always work that way .
Physician shortages is the disturbing problem raised by a new study appearing in Health Affairs .
Nearly two - thirds of a sample of primary - care physicians ( n=6,600 ) say their patients cannot find mental health services .
This was most acute in remote , poor and / or rural communities .
And pediatricians everywhere were least likely to find psychiatrists .
A two - tiered insurance system , clearly discriminatory , markedly hindered access to care .
Ironically , communities with higher concentrations of HMOs have more service barriers .
Basically it led to higher costs and less treatment , both of which curtailed access .
Passage of the Wellstone - Domenici mental health parity law last year tried to address this inequity in funding and access .
By calling their study " Beyond Parity , " the authors are asking about long lines getting longer because services are not in place .
According to the American Psychiatric Association , 38,000 psychiatrists stretch to meet America 's mental health needs .
Last year 's report from Health Resources and Services Administration ( HRSA ) found 77 million Americans live in areas officially designated " shortage areas " for mental health .
It was estimated that an additional 5,45 practitioners would be needed to bring the ratio to one psychiatrist for every 10,000 people .
Some states are harder hit than others .
In Nebraska , all but five counties qualify as official shortage areas .
To address this locally , lawmakers in Nebraska introduced a bill to increase the mental health workforce ( including telehealth network ) , reports the Journal Star .
Should n't this be a national concern ?
All of medicine face physician shortages .
These can be anticipated by looking at post - graduate training programs .
For psychiatry , although this year was better than last , according to the data collected by the Accreditation Council of Graduate Medical Education , the dearth of applicants meant that 31 percent of the trainees came from international medical schools .
In previous years , the numbers were even more discouraging .
Appalling gap for children
A similar shortage in training professionals exists for children with mental health needs .
A decade ago , Surgeon General David Satcher reported that only one youngster in five with an emotional problem received health services .
Today the nation 's 7,000 child psychiatrists are disproportionately located in New England or along the Pacific coast with a sprinkling in the mid-west .
Training at the current rate of about 600 new residents a year will not grow the numbers , which The American Association of Child and Adolescent Psychiatrists estimates should be closer to 12,000 .
Recently Rep. Patrick Kennedy ( D - RI ) introduced a bill ( HR 1932 ) to expand the work force for helping youngsters .
It calls for a federal loan repayment program and scholarships to recruit mental health professionals to work with children .
Kennedy has introduced this bill four times since 2001 , but Republican controlled committees stalled it , even in 109th Congress when there were 71 co-sponsors .
The authors of " Beyond Parity " argue that the experiences of primary care physicians " provide unique insights into the limitations of the mental health care system . "
Some might argue that they are a siren call to the limitations of health delivery which has segregated " mental health care " from " health care . "
Continuing to think about them as two systems will not result in the necessary integration which should be the goal .
To move this agenda , the Whole Health Campaign - a coalition of 106 organizations - formulated a strategy for a health delivery system to meet these shortcomings .
It was delivered to the Obama transition team last year .
Now that a new secretary is about to lead the department of Health and Human Services , we should wait no longer to move beyond parity .
Intel and Nokia Strike Mobile Partnership , Including Open Source
by Ostatic Staff - Jun. 23 , 2009
Related Blog Posts The Pocket Doctor : An Open Source Opportunity ?
Intel is getting very serious about mobile phones and platforms , as evidenced by a far - reaching partnership with Nokia , announced today .
The partnership comes on the heels of Intel 's acquisition of Wind River Systems , which is a big player in the embedded Linux , and embedded mobile technology space .
As part of the new partnership , Intel and Nokia announced their intent to collaborate on numerous open source software projects , and Intel will license Nokia 's HSPA - capable 3G modem intellectual property for upcoming mobile products .
The goal is " to define a new mobile platform beyond today 's smartphones , notebooks and netbooks , enabling the development of a variety of innovative hardware , software and mobile Internet services , " according to Intel 's announcement .
The announcement adds :
" The effort also includes technology development and cooperation in several open source software initiatives in order to develop common technologies for use in the Moblin and Maemo platform projects , which will deliver Linux - based operating systems for these future mobile computing devices .
The companies are coordinating their open source technology selection and development investments , including alignment on a range of key Open Source technologies for Mobile Computing such as : oFono * , ConnMan * , Mozilla * , X.Org* , BlueZ * , D - BUS * , Tracker * , GStreamer * , PulseAudio * .
Collectively , these technologies will provide an open source standards - based means to deliver a wealth of mobile Internet and communication experiences , with rich graphics and multimedia capabilities . "
Moblin is now hosted by the Linux Foundation , after being launched by Intel , and is headed for devices ranging from smartphones to netbooks , to in - car telematics systems .
Maemo is a Linux operating system , mostly based on open source code and powers mobile computers such as the Nokia N810 Internet Tablet .
This sounds like good news for Linux - based platforms , and undoubtedly some of the Wind River technology will boost the effort from Intel and Nokia .
As GigaOm reports , it may also mean that Nokia netbooks are imminent .
Intel wants to keep its x86 architecture moving in an increasingly mobile market , and will likely put large resources behind its new effort with Nokia .
My hat is off to AFP for bringing this news of American ethics abuse nearly THREE FULL WEEKS before the US Newsrooms got a hold of it .
Way to go Frenchies .
It seems that the first article that Google indexed on the $ 3.6 billion in ( TARP funded ) bonuses paid out to Merrill Lynch employees was published by none other than the Agence France - Presse .
Merrill Lynch paid out nearly 22 times as much as AIG did and yet until now avoided almost any of the damning feedback AIG has experienced recently .
My hat is off to AFP for bringing this news of American taxpayer abuse before even a mention in the illustrious New York Times .
Has American reporting really slipped this much since Woodward & Bernstein took down Nixon ?
The Internet is not the reason US newspaper readership is down - newspapers have ceased to be relevant and so Americans have stopped buying them .
The failure of the press in not making a big news item out of the Merrill Lynch story before a foreign news agency ( and again , hats off to AFP ! ) demonstrates this perfectly .
Here ’s the journalistic failure timeline :
AFP : US officials seek BofA , Merrill Lynch bonus details –
Andrew Little ’s Speech to the National Press Club – Mar 10 , 2009
Next , Andrew Little , the national secretary of New Zealand ’s largest trade union , brings up bonus abuse in a speech to the New Zealand National Press Club :
“ Failing their way to success :
senior executive pay for performance – but performance of what ? ”
“ There has never been a better time to closely examine the culture of high salaries and performance bonuses endemic in many large corporations and merchant banks around the world … and the examination should be not just of the economic justification for these rewards but of the moral case for them and the social implications . ”
“ As a mark of gratitude for this spectacular performance , the heads of Merrill Lynch awarded bonuses throughout the organisation of $ US3.6 billion . ”
Economic Outlook :
The ripple effect – United Press International , March 16 , 2009
UPI describes “ … the furor over $ 3.6 billion in bonuses pay given to Merrill Lynch executives in spite of huge losses … ” .
Furor ?
Really ?
Would n’t that warrant a major US reporting effort ?
Phillip Martin : Why The Obama Administration Underestimated Public Outrage Over AIG ?
– March 18 , 2009
In his blog for the Huffington Post , Martin contradicts the furor assessment :
“ Take for example the 3.6 billion in questionable bonuses to Merrill Lynch executives a few months ago as the bailed out financial management firm was being taken over by Bank of America .
That payout makes the AIG reward for failure look like a tip at McDonalds .
Seven Merrill Lynch executives each received a bonus of more than $ 10 m for 2008 .
But compared to the current AIG debacle the public response at the time amounted to slight irritation , not fury . ”
( Right on Phillip , but nobody ’s going to get all furored if they do n’t even know about the $ 3.6 b … )
SIDEBAR : AIG ’s not the only company to pay bail - out bonuses – Mar 18 , 2009
Monsters & Critics cited yet another foreign news agency , Deutsche Presse - Agenteur of Germany in this post :
“ In another bail - out bonus situation , Merrill Lynch , acquired by Bank of America in a government - backed rescue measure last year , reportedly had a 3.6 billion - dollar bonus pool in December , the New York Times reported , citing a court transcript . ”
“ What NY Times report ? ? ? ”
I shrugged and asked Google The Almighty :
search : Merrill Lynch Bonus December site:nytimes.com
And there it was .
Cuomo Says Merrill Deceived Congress on Bonuses – NYTimes.com – March 11 , 2009
After reading it , I quickly saw why I had missed this article .
NYT reporter Louise Story failed to even mention the amount of the Merrill Lynch bonus pool , and so adding ‘ 3.6 ’ to my search string missed it .
Either way , AFP beats NYT to the punch by two days .
Story wrote :
“ Andrew M. Cuomo , the attorney general of New York , claimed on Wednesday that Merrill Lynch misled Congress over the timing of its plans to award billions of dollars in bonuses last December . ”
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue – NBC – March 18th 2009
Senator Byron Dorgan was a guest on NBC’s ‘ 1600 Pennsylvannia
Ave and had this to say during the discussion :
“ You know what , the American people need to know this information .
We need this transparency .
The president is angry about this .
This is n‘t his fault .
He was n‘t — this was n‘t on his watch .
And listen , the other thing is , these are relatively small compared to the Merrill Lynch bonuses made in December .
That was a company that lost 27 billion dollars and gave 3.6 billion dollars in bonuses .
They paid 694 people , each of them more than one million dollars in bonuses for a company that lost 27 billion . ”
“ And then Bank of America took them over and got 20 billion dollars in Tarp Funds .
I ‘m just telling you , this is a culture of corruption .
I ‘m glad the thing has boiled over .
People are furious and so am I .
We need to put a stop to all of this . ”
In Defense of ( Some ) Bonus Babies – The Opinionator Blog – NYTimes.com – March 20th , 2009
Now here ’s where it gets even more absurd to me .
If the NYT was supposed to have broken this story , then why was NYT blogger Eric Etheridge referring to yet another blog as the source here , rather than his parent company ?
“ John Hempton at Bronte Capital wonders why no one is mad about the bonuses at Merrill : ‘ The bonuses paid at Merrill Lynch were 3.6 billion — 22 times the AIG bonuses .
They were paid by a firm that would not have survived without a bailout by the US Government through Bank of America .
Moreover they were sometimes large – the 30 million variety – not the 1.5 million variety .
We should be at least 20 times as outraged over the Merrill Lynch bonuses than the AIG bonuses .
But as a society we are not . . . ' ”
Again John … the people have to know about these things before the outrage / torch / pitchfork stuff gets going .
WTF are the American press covering instead of the real news we need to function as a democracy ?
If you want to know who ’s stealing from you this week , look to the foreign press or sharpen those search string skills .
Dolphins Cheerleaders , get ready for your closeups .
No , more ready .
Yes , like a tiger !
Rrawrr !
Franchise owner Steven Ross continued his quest for global lady ogling domination selling tickets today , announcing the arrival of 5,000 handheld wireless devices designed to give fans an unprecedented in - game multimedia experience .
The Kangaroo Gen III , a slimmer version of the portable TVs introduced to the NFL a few years ago , has a 4.3 - inch high - definition screen that will provide instant replays , field level audio , fantasy team alerts , feeds of other games , and the ability to order food and drinks from the concession stands .
Not only will fans not have to undergo the excruciating strain of raising their eyes to the jumbo trons , but they wo n't even have to leave their seats .
The best part ?
Users of the device , mercifully called " Dolphins Mobile Vision " and not " Margaritaville Electric Goggles " or " EyeBurgers in Paradise , " will have 11 customizable camera angles at their disposal , including ... a cheerleader cam .
I 'll give you guys a moment .
Okay , now that you 've recovered , you 're ready to live the high life in the nosebleeds , where these things could really come in handy .
Not so fast : Dolphins Mobile Vision ( we hereby christen thee " DMV " ) is only available for the posh folks holding premium tickets in the club and suite level .
Hmmph !
Of course , now that we think about the horror of everyone around us constantly saying , " How do you turn this on ?
I can't hear !
What does this button do ?
I NEED TECH SUPPORT ! , " maybe it wo n't be so bad to watch games the old - fashioned way , either .
And by " watch games the old - fashioned way , " we clearly mean " bring binoculars so we can ogle the cheerleaders as usual . "
MAKE -INSTANCE optimizations #
hacking , June 29th 2009
SBCL has always had a fairly efficient MAKE - INSTANCE — as long as the class argument is a quoted symbol and all the keywords in initargs are constant as well .
This is due to what are called ctors .
Very briefly , a call such as
( make - instance ' point :x x :y y )
is transformed into something along the lines of
( let ( ( # : ctor ( load - time - value ( ensure - ctor ' foo :x :y ) ) ) ) ( funcall # :ctor x y ) )
where CTOR is a funcallable instance .
The first time it is called , an optimized constructor is generated , saved as the funcallable instance function , and finally called with the provided arguments .
Later calls get the optimized constructor ready made .
There are multiple efficiency gains here : initargs can be checked for validity at compile time , and ( assuming certain things hold true about the metaclass of the class and its methods ) essentially the whole MAKE - INSTANCE -> ALLOCATE -INSTANCE | INITIALIZE -INSTANCE
-> SHARED -INITIALIZE
call tree can be open coded , and slot accesses can be performed using STANDARD - INSTANCE - ACCESS with constant slot locations .
This all works with class redefinitions as ctors are updated automatically .
Unfortunately , this made the performance of non-constant class arguments to MAKE - INSTANCE extremely unattractive in comparison : 10 -100 times slower is fairly typical .
Ouch !
At ELS 2009 Didier Verna asked if we could do something similar for the non-constant case as well .
Turns out we can :
( make - instance class :x x :y y )
can become something like
( let * ( ( # : cache ( load - time - value ( cons ' ctor - cache nil ) ) ) ( #: store ( cdr # :cache ) ) ) ( multiple - value - bind ( #: ctor # :new - store ) ( ensure - cached - ctor class :x :y # :store ) ( setf ( cdr # :cache ) # :new - store ) ( funcall #:ctor x y ) ) )
where the ctor corresponding to the class argument is first looked for in the cache : if it is not found a new one is generated and cached .
This was implemented in SBCL 1.0.29.41 ; now the non-constant class arguments performs much better , being roughly only 1.15 - 1.25 times slower than the constant ones .
Hopefully this will make a real difference in some applications out there !
A bit later another ctor optimization improvement was implemented , improving cases where the full open coding could not be done due to defined methods , but where we are still able to check initargs at compile time and replace the MAKE - INSTANCE generic function call with a slightly faster normal function call to a simplified constructor function : this makes such calls 4 - 10 times slower than the fast path , but still considerably faster than the worst case scenario .
The message to take home is actually not about SBCL optimizations — as much as I like to talk about them : I think ctors are an excellent example of compiler macros doing inline caching and specialization .
A nice technique that could probably be used more often than it is .
" This idea of two states for two peoples is a stupid and childish solution to a very complex problem , " senior members of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu staff said on Wednesday as the entourage made its way back to Israel from Washington .
They were determined to emphasize that Israel would continue to build in the larger settlement blocs and Jerusalem despite US President Barack Obama 's resolute opposition .
Senior aide Ron Dermer later clarified that " when I say ' childish ' I mean the media 's obsession with the
Washington Adamant Clinton : Palestinians deserve ' viable state ' Yitzhak Benhorin US secretary of state reiterates President Obama 's call to completely halt all settlement construction , echoes Senator Kerry 's statements that Arab nations must also fulfill roles in peace process Clinton : Palestinians deserve ' viable state '
two - state plan , the fixation with that idea rather than focusing on the fundamental issues .
I do n't think that two - states for two peoples is a childish approach . "
However another top advisor had no qualms with explicitly deriding the solution itself as " juvenile . "
The prime minister sounded largely contented as his plane touched town at Ben Gurion Airport this afternoon , and he told reporters that he felt the visit had yielded progress on a number of important points .
" There is an understanding between the United States and Israel on the Iranian issue , that the development of nuclear arms must be prevented , " Netanyahu said .
" President Obama has made clear that the diplomatic efforts will not be limitless , and there is an understanding that Israel retains the right to defend itself . "
As for the Palestinian track , the prime minister said that it was " agreed that peace talks can begin immediately .
But I stressed that any peace agreement would have to accommodate Israel 's security needs .
We also agreed on the need to involve other Arab nations in the peace process , including Syria .
The Arab states must also make tangible gestures , not only Israel and the Palestinians . "
The Prime Minister 's Office will also be working to affect the details of Obama 's new peace initiative , which he is expected to present during his visit to Egypt in June .
" Not two states for two peoples – but negotiations that eventually lead to a Palestinian state with limited authorities is a formula we'd be willing to accept , " a senior aide said .
Jerusalem believes it crucial to coordinate with the US now rather than have to accept the terms decided on with the Arab states , without Israel 's input .
Palestinian Authority officials have already said that they were told by the Americans that any initiative would include a Palestinian state with east Jerusalem as its capital .
' Construction in Jerusalem wo n't stop '
The prime minister may have told the Obama administration that his government is prepared to renew negotiations with the Palestinians without delay and without preconditions , but he so far has not gone into detail as to what his alternative to the two - state plan may be .
Dermer assured reporters that the outline to Netanyahu 's stance exists , he just chose not to launch it in Washington .
" The plan is in the prime minister 's head .
He certainly knows what his bottom line is , where he wants this to go , " the senior staffer added .
It 's best , he said , to maintain some ambiguity ahead of the negotiations .
But alongside these statements that Netanyahu is ready to sit down with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas tomorrow , the prime minister 's office has so far refused to commit to freezing construction in the larger settlement blocs .
National Security Advisor Uzi Arad said in Washington that Israel will not agree to any advance stipulations before the negotiations begin .
" If this is about give and take , then what is the Palestinian side ready to give ?
You ca n't expect Israel alone to answer the Palestinians ' demands time and again , " said Arad .
Another Netanyahu staffer said that building to allow for natural growth will continue in Jerusalem and the settlement blocs Israel will keep in any final agreement .
" The demands to stop construction hinge on the Palestinians fulfilling their obligations , " he said .
A visit to your PC repair shop could be swiftly followed by a trip to court and a short stay in your local jail if it harbours any remotely questionable material - whether you knew about it or not .
That , at least , is the fear as the latest confirmed outing for the Dangerous Pictures
Act sees one individual prosecuted after a PC engineer spotted potentially unlawful pictures on their PC - and his line manager passed on details to the police .
The case was decided in St Helens Magistrates Court last week , and the defendant , described by District Judge Ian Lomax as having " low social skills " , was sentenced to an 18 - month supervision order , 24 hours at an attendance centre and costs of £ 65 .
The relative lightness of this sentence is explained as the judge observed that the motivation for this offence , involving just 14 images , was curiosity : no sharing of files or processing had taken place .
This case highlights two interesting aspects of the now active extreme porn law , which makes it a criminal offence merely to possess certain types of imagery .
First , if recent reports from our enforcement sources are correct , the law is now very definitely being used by police to target pictures involving bestiality .
In the previous instance , it appears that it was used in preference to a charge under the Obscene Publications Act .
This suggests that it may simply be easier to obtain a conviction under a law that states that depiction of sex with an animal is an offence – rather than asking a jury to determine whether such a picture " tended to deprave or corrupt " .
Second , we have yet to see the law being used specifically in respect of " extreme " imagery – which was the initial justification for its passing .
Time will tell .
In respect of computer repairs , this case highlights the risks taken every time a computer is handed over for examination .
According to lawyer Julian Young , senior partner at Julian Young & Co , there is no obligation on a computer repair person to refer a matter to the police – though he did comment that he believed that such an obligation did exist in respect of photographic processing .
" There is little comeback for anyone reported in this matter , " he said .
" In English law , the doctrine of ' fruit of the poison tree ' does exist – but mostly in respect of police behaviour .
For instance , if the police have obtained a warrant to search premises by deception , then evidence found as a result of that search may be ruled inadmissible .
" However , in the case of a computer engineer reporting you or your PC to the police , you are unlikely to have any comeback .
If no prosecution follows and you are able to show that the individual was browsing areas that were not relevant to their work – or the referral was motivated by malice – there might be some limited remedy .
" But it would be very difficult to prove . "
This was confirmed by lawyers specialising in IT Contract Law : if you hand your computer over for repair , there is an expectation of privacy – but it is very difficult to show that this has been breached , and therefore very difficult to obtain any redress .
We also spoke to a computer engineer working with a large repair firm in South London .
They expressed the view that , contrary to popular belief , there was often a need to look at data on a hard drive .
He said : " One of the most common problems we are asked to deal with is data recovery .
" Many trojans will corrupt the Windows partition table .
We use data recovery software to scrutinise the hard drive and hopefully fix the problem .
However , before we hand the computer back , it is standard practice to look at some images – very briefly – to make sure that the data has been recovered accurately .
" We do n’t browse our clients ’ computers for fun : but we do look at a range of files to check that we have done the job successfully .
If , in the course of that check , I came across something serious – child porn or terror material – I would certainly alert the police . "
Whilst in theory this should only be of concern to individuals who habitually surf in areas where they ought not , readers should remember that many porn sites will download all manner of images , sometimes going well beyond the matter originally sought .
The lesson is therefore clear : be careful where you surf .
Clean your PC regularly : and take your own back - ups . ®
The order to " duck and cover " sent nervous school kids cowering under their desks in the Cold War years , as all - too - real rehearsals for a nuclear blast were held across the United States .
Today , with the era of backyard bomb shelters long buried , fears of Iran 's nuclear ambitions , Pakistan 's shadowy stockpile , and North Korea 's atomic outbursts have taken centre stage .
Yet until now , efforts to talk down a huge global nuclear arsenal of some 24,000 warheads have stalled , and nuclear and non-nuclear states are deadlocked on treaties to ban the spread of deadly weapons , clamp down on production of bomb material , and stop development of new nuclear arms .
This week , as diplomats gathered at the United Nations for talks leading up to a 2010 review of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty – the cornerstone of global nuclear disarmament – hope crept back into a gathering whose prospects for progress were bleak for most of the past decade .
After years of squabbling over prickly issues such as Iran 's nuclear program and Israel 's supposed atomic arsenal , they were able to agree on an agenda for the landmark conference , including disarmament , non-proliferation and the peaceful use of nuclear energy .
Many credited U.S. President Barack Obama for remoulding the confrontational style of the Bush administration .
Since his election in November , Obama has energized the disarmament debate , even going so far as to visualize a world without nuclear weapons .
Obama promised to push the U.S. Congress to ratify a ban on nuclear testing and halt global production of fissile material , as well as reboot talks to shrink America 's and Russia 's nuclear arsenals .
But , he has warned , the world is facing new and dangerous challenges from nuclear proliferation .
" In a strange turn of history the threat of global nuclear war has gone down , but the risk of a nuclear attack has gone up , " he said last month .
" Black market trade in nuclear secrets and nuclear materials abound .
The technology to build a bomb has spread . "
The 41 - year - old non-proliferation treaty has failed to control the spread of " loose nukes " and limit the number of states with nuclear weapons .
But it has had some resounding successes .
It sprang from a bargain between nuclear weapons states that pledged to dismantle their arsenals and non-nuclear countries that agreed not to develop their own deadly weapons in return .
Some former Soviet nuclear states surrendered their nuclear arms , and others gave up pursuing the path to an atomic bomb .
But while 189 countries have signed on to the treaty since 1968 , three key states – India , Pakistan and Israel – have not , developing their own nuclear arms over international protest .
North Korea defied the treaty to test a nuclear weapon , and has threatened to expand its weapons program .
Iran is also suspected of working on a nuclear bomb .
Obama has pledged to speed up arms control agreements with Moscow , seeking a new treaty that would chop about one - third of the two countries ' stockpiles , and open the door to even deeper cuts .
But France , Britain and China have not followed suit .
Some experts warn that failure to dismantle the nuclear arsenals may have bred a dangerous cynicism in states that now have nuclear ambitions .
" Obama sets a very high standard , " says non-proliferation expert William Potter of the Monterey Institute of International Studies .
" But ( Washington ) could go in with great political will , and more flexible positions , and be surprised when other countries wo n't budge and we 're stuck . "
The most grave challenge to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , Potter says , is its failure to deal with the possibility of nuclear terrorism .
But , he adds , countries like Canada , which belong to a group of nuclear technology suppliers , have also violated their treaty responsibilities by endorsing a deal to lift a ban on nuclear trade with India .
For some , the gaps and contradictions mean it 's time to scrap the document and start fresh with one tailor - made for the 21st century .
" There are too many unsolvable problems , " argues Ramesh Thakur , director of the Balsillie School of International Affairs in Waterloo .
" For example , you can't accept India , Pakistan and Israel in the treaty because they would have had to conduct their nuclear tests before Jan. 1 , 1967 . "
That keeps those countries permanently beyond the nuclear fringe , and invites more to join them in developing deadly weapons , he said .
" The question is , do we think nuclear weapons are terrible , in which case everyone should disarm ?
Or do we think they are bad only in some countries ' hands ? "
Founded in 2003 , Holy Land Olive
Oil was started as a follow - up to an all - volunteer project to help Palestinian farmers whose income has been devastated by Israel ’s policies of closure and its prohibition on the sale of Palestinian olive oil within its territory at the beginning of the year 2000 Intifada .
Holy Land Olive
Oil is proud to be the first to import Palestinian olive oil into the US .
Our mission is to create and sustain a permanent market for Palestinian farmers – in spite of political , logistical , and market economics / pricing hurdles .
For the olive growers , your purchase of their product is an expression of support that is valued a lot more than a handout .
Thank you for visiting with us .
We hope that you will find the information on this website useful , and we thank you in advance for your support .
Before anything else : as of today , WordPress 2.8 is in beta .
That means that it ’s not a stable release yet , and therefore not appropriate to use for your important blogs .
Things might be buggy .
Things might stop working .
So unless you like living on the edge , install 2.8 only to play around with - or , if you ’re a developer , for testing your new themes and plugins .
That said , I installed 2.8 beta 2 on a test blog today , and it rocks .
Here are five things I love about it :
New Template Tag : the modified author
If you run a blog with multiple authors who regularly modify posts , you ’ll love this .
It basically allows you to display the name of the last person who modified a particular post .
Useful , too , if your blog has been around for a long time , and you ’re updating someone else ’s posts from years ago .
Instant Feed Links
It ’s no secret that I adore feeds .
One very awesome thing 2.8 does is automatically add feed links specific to the page being viewed .
It does this for category archives , author archives - whatever your poison .
This is great for your readers , who might want to subscribe to only a certain author ’s posts on your blog .
Better Widget Management
I mean seriously better .
See :
The drag - n - drop is smooth ( even on my Safari , where I always had trouble before ) , and the new design just makes more sense .
Better Javascript Loading
Does anyone not use javascript these days ?
WordPress 2.8 gives you the delightful ability to add javascript includes at the bottom of your pages .
Why is this delightful ?
Because it ultimately means faster page loading times - always a good thing .
You can learn more about the changes here .
Better Theme Installer
This one ’s my favorite .
Have a look at the screenshot below :
That ’s right , you can search through themes according to color , columns , width , etc. - and basically spend hours finding just the perfect theme for your blog .
Have you installed WordPress 2.8 ?
What do you like / hate about it ?
This week we report on the continuing debate about female ejaculation : is it real , and if so why does it happen ?
See : Everything you always wanted to know about female ejaculation ( but were afraid to ask )
Ejaculation is just one of the aspects of female sexuality that are being demystified by research .
In particular , the female orgasm , the subject of so many myths and folk beliefs , is gradually being understood .
Following some intense field research , here are some of the key facts about the female orgasm , as revealed by modern science .
Advertisement
The G spot is real
The G spot is a small region in the vagina that , if stimulated , can produce wildly intense orgasms – or so the popular claim goes .
However , for decades , strong evidence for the region ’s existence was harder to find than the spot itself .
However , in 2008 , an Italian research team found anatomical differences between women who could have G - spot orgasms and women who could n’t ; apparently solving the mystery .
The researchers have since begun teaching women with G spots how to put them to use .
See : Ultrasound nails location of the elusive G spot
The brain switches off
It ’s folk wisdom that people ca n’t think straight when they have sex on their minds , but when women have an orgasm most of their brains switch off .
A brain scanning study showed that many areas of women ’s brains were deactivated during orgasm , including those involved in emotion .
The effect was less striking in men , but that may be because male orgasms are so short they are hard to detect in a brain scan .
See : Orgasms : A real turn - off for women
Many women can’t have orgasms
According to a 1999 survey , around 43 per cent of women in the US have some sort of problem with their sex lives ( Journal of the American Medical Association , vol 281 , page 537 ) .
Female sexual dysfunction ( FSD ) is so common that the very idea that it is a medical disorder has come under attack .
If nearly half the female population has a problem , say critics , does that mean it is our society that is dysfunctional ?
Even so , efforts to develop drugs to treat it are underway .
The impotence drug Viagra has had mixed results in women , but there are many other avenues being explored .
See :
What women want
Genes affect orgasm frequency
According to the first genetic study of the female orgasm , up to 45 per cent of the variation in women ’s ability to have them could be down to genes .
Many women never have orgasms during intercourse , and some also cannot have them through masturbation .
Some of this may be down to external factors like upbringing , but the study showed the genetic factor is significant .
See : Genes blamed for fickle female orgasm
Technology can help
Perhaps the most extreme solution is the so - called “ orgasmatron ” ; an implant inserted into the spinal cord , which stimulates the user when switched on via a remote control .
Despite an initial struggle to find subjects for clinical testing , the device is now in development .
See : Push my button
Some mystery remains
The female orgasm is a puzzle for evolutionary biologists .
It is unclear why women should have orgasms at all , and it is particularly baffling that so many women should be unable to have orgasms during penetrative sex , but able to have them by masturbation .
According to researcher Elisabeth Lloyd , that implies that female orgasms are an evolutionary accident .
Like male nipples , they persist simply because there is no good reason to get rid of them .
See :
The case of the female orgasm
We all know that staying active and participating in sports is good for our physical and mental health , but sports injuries are incredibly common amongst both children and adults , and if you have ever experienced a sprain or strain , you will know first - hand just how painful a sports injury can be .
Fortunately , most sports related injuries are short - term , and with rest and pain medicines such as codeine or dihydrocodeine , you ’ll be back on your feet in no time , but it is important that your condition is diagnosed correctly by a medical professional to ensure you get the right treatment plan for your particular injury .
Here is a breakdown of the most common sports injuries and the associated pain that goes with them :
Sprains & Strains
The most common sports injuries of all , sprains and strains usually occur when we overexert ourselves or fail to warm up thoroughly before participating in physical activities .
A sprain occurs when we overstretch or tear ligaments , and most commonly affects the wrists , ankles and knees .
A strain is generally referred to as a ‘ pulled muscle ’ , and occurs when we stretch or tear the fibres within our muscles or tendons .
While these two injuries are very different , the pain associated with both conditions is very similar , and so your treatment plan may involve simple over - the - counter painkillers such as Paracetamol , stronger medicines such as Codeine , or your GP may even prescribe a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug ( NSAID ) to treat severe swelling and pain .
Fractures & Dislocations
Ranging from minor to very serious , dislocations and fractures are common sports injuries that can take anything from a few days to several months to heal .
Dislocations occur when the normal position of a joint is forced out of alignment .
Regularly experienced by those who participate in contact sports , dislocations can be incredibly painful , and often require medical intervention to realign the joint .
Once reset , patients are often prescribed painkillers and rest to help the connective tissues heal .
Fractures , or broken bones as they are more commonly referred to , range from tiny stress fractures to severe compound fractures where the bone is broken into two pieces .
Surprisingly common sports injuries , especially amongst professional athletes , fractures generally occur in heavy and repetitive impact sports that involve running and jumping .
In most instances , surgery is required to repair the bone , and treatment can range from everyday painkillers to prescription only medicines and months of physiotherapy depending on the severity of the fracture .
Knee Injuries
The knee is the largest and most frequently used joint in sports , and so it is no surprise that sports related knee injuries are common .
Tennis players , runners , cyclists , and football players all experience knee pain at some stage or another , with injuries ranging from mild sprains to strains to more severe fractures and meniscus tears .
Knee injuries can happen as a result of an accident or wrong move , or they can build up over time , and so pain management plans vary .
Pain relief medicines , rest , hot and cold therapies , compression , and surgery are all options , depending on the type of sports injury you have and how severe your symptoms are .
Most sports injuries can be avoided , and by taking a little extra time to warm up before you ’r activity and cool down afterwards , you could avoid painful injuries that will leave you on the subs bench for weeks .
Patching made easy - lisp wins again Nick Levine
Ravenbrook Limited ( Occasional sponsors of mid-morning cookies at lisp conferences since 2009 )
This is a concatenation of the slides from my lightning talk at ILC 2009
This is n't going to be rocket science
Just the observation that lisp carries a lot of ordinary magic which can add significant value to the user
And here 's an example : Lisp fasls make convenient patches for end users
In my application each release comes with an empty " patches " directory Sorry , no time now to tell you anything about this application ... ... except that it 's released as a " level - 0 delivered LispWorks application " — meaning it 's all of Common Lisp apart from compile - file ... and , though not relevant to this talk , it 's a text processing engine
If the user drops fasls into that directory the application will load them ... on startup - but that could be different
Really simple to use
Nimble : 10 k fasl with minimal QA vs 30 M full installer for new release
If a fix comes from LispWorks support it 's still a fasl and the same distribution procedure applies
Caveat : the simplicity of this system depends on trust .
I happen to trust this bunch of users not to shoot themselves .
Here 's ( most of ) the original patch loader .
( defun load - patches ( ) ( when - let ( patch - files ( directory ( installation - pathname " patches/*.fsl " ) ) ) ;; ;; stuff cut out here - see next slide ;; ( dolist ( patch patch - files ) ( load patch ) ) ) )
Almost good enough — the above would have been something of a blunt stick —
it loads everything
in order over which one has no control
Here 's what I did about that ( deployed and worked fine for first 30 patches )
( defun load - patches ( ) ( catch ' load - patches ( when - let ( patch - files ( directory ( installation - pathname " patches/*.fsl " ) ) ) ( when - let ( revoke ( find - if ( lambda ( patch ) ( pathname - match - p patch " revoke " ) ) patch - files ) ) ( setf patch - files ( cons revoke ( remove revoke patch - files ) ) ) ) ( dolist ( patch patch - files ) ( load patch ) ) ) ) )
Solution : choose a special name and if a file with that name is present load it first .
Note the catch tag .
I did n't know when I wrote this whether I 'd ever need anything more sophisticated and if so what .
When the time came , the above gave me sufficient control over loading order that more complex behaviour could be bootstrapped as a " revoke " patch — rewrite load - patches and call the new one instead .
Here 's the current version :
( defun load - patches ( ) ( let ( ( * redefinition - action * nil ) ) ( catch ' load - patches ( macrolet ( ( fasl - file ( name ) ( format ( ) " ~a.~a " name sys :* binary - file - type * ) ) ) ( when - let ( patch - files ( directory ( installation - pathname ( fasl - file " patches / * " ) ) ) ) ( setf patch - files ( sort patch - files ( lambda ( first second ) ( or ( pathname - match - p first ( fasl - file " revoke " ) ) ( and ( pathname - match - p first ( fasl - file " revoke - * " ) ) ( not ( pathname - match - p second ( fasl - file " revoke - * " ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( let ( ( all - revoked nil ) ( revoked - count 0 ) ( loaded - count 0 ) ) ( dolist ( patch patch - files ) ( let ( ( enough - name ( make - pathname : type nil : defaults ( enough - installation - namestring patch ) ) ) ) ( if ( loop for revoked in all - revoked thereis ( pathname - match - p patch revoked ) ) ( progn ( log- message : debug " Revoking patch ~a " enough - name ) ( incf revoked - count ) ) ( let ( ( more - revoked ( catch ' revoke - patches ( log- message : debug " Loading patch ~a " enough - name ) ( load patch ) ) ) ) ( when ( consp more - revoked ) ( setf all - revoked ( append more - revoked all - revoked ) ) ) ( incf loaded - count ) ) ) ) ) ( log - message : notice " Loaded ~d patch ~@ [ ~a~ ] ~@ [ , revoked ~ d~ ] . " loaded - count ( when (> loaded - count 1 ) " es " ) ( when ( plusp revoked - count ) revoked - count ) ) ) ) ) ) )
And here 's how you revoke a patch :
( in - package " PROFILER - PLUS " ) ;; REVOKE -BUILD-GLOBAL-ENVIRONMENT.LISP
;; Nick Levine , Ravenbrook Limited , 2008 - 10 - 21 ; ; ;; ;;
The purpose of this document is to patch Profiler 6.0.0 , revoking ;; patch build - global - environment.lisp ;; ;;
This patch accompanies patch file build - global - environment -redux.lisp .
( throw ' revoke - patches '( " build- global - environment " ) )
Why revoke ?
defect in original patch
when the user gets it they change their mind about what they wanted
two independent changes required to same definition
Copyright ( c ) 2009 Nick Levine .
This document is provided " as is " , without any express or implied warranty .
In no event will the author be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this document .
You may make and distribute verbatim copies of this document provided that you do not charge a fee for this document or for its distribution .
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad attends a news conference Sunday .
Ahmadinejad won .
Get over it
Without any evidence , many U.S. politicians and “ Iran experts ” have dismissed Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad ’s reelection Friday , with 62.6 percent of the vote , as fraud .
They ignore the fact that Ahmadinejad ’s 62.6 percent of the vote in this year ’s election is essentially the same as the 61.69 percent he received in the final count of the 2005 presidential election , when he trounced former President Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani .
The shock of the “ Iran experts ” over Friday ’s results is entirely self - generated , based on their preferred assumptions and wishful thinking .
Advertisement
Although Iran ’s elections are not free by Western standards , the Islamic Republic has a 30 - year history of highly contested and competitive elections at the presidential , parliamentary and local levels .
Manipulation has always been there , as it is in many other countries .
But upsets occur — as , most notably , with Mohammed Khatami ’s surprise victory in the 1997 presidential election .
Moreover , “ blowouts ” also occur — as in Khatami ’s reelection in 2001 , Ahmadinejad ’s first victory in 2005 and , we would argue , this year .
Like much of the Western media , most American “ Iran experts ” overstated Mir Hossein Mousavi ’s “ surge ” over the campaign ’s final weeks .
More important , they were oblivious — as in 2005 — to Ahmadinejad ’s effectiveness as a populist politician and campaigner .
American “ Iran experts ” missed how Ahmadinejad was perceived by most Iranians as having won the nationally televised debates with his three opponents — especially his debate with Mousavi .
Before the debates , both Mousavi and Ahmadinejad campaign aides indicated privately that they perceived a surge of support for Mousavi ; after the debates , the same aides concluded that Ahmadinejad ’s provocatively impressive performance and Mousavi ’s desultory one had boosted the incumbent ’s standing .
Ahmadinejad ’s charge that Mousavi was supported by Rafsanjani ’s sons — widely perceived in Iranian society as corrupt figures — seemed to play well with voters .
The Politico 44 Story Widget Requires Adobe Flash Player
Similarly , Ahmadinejad ’s criticism that Mousavi ’s reformist supporters , including Khatami , had been willing to suspend Iran ’s uranium enrichment program and had won nothing from the West for doing so tapped into popular support for the program — and had the added advantage of being true .
More fundamentally , American “ Iran experts ” consistently underestimated Ahmadinejad ’s base of support .
Polling in Iran is notoriously difficult ; most polls there are less than fully professional and , hence , produce results of questionable validity .
But the one poll conducted before Friday ’s election by a Western organization that was transparent about its methodology — a telephone poll carried out by the Washington - based Terror - Free Tomorrow from May 11 to 20 — found Ahmadinejad running 20 points ahead of Mousavi .
This poll was conducted before the televised debates in which , as noted above , Ahmadinejad was perceived to have done well while Mousavi did poorly .
American “ Iran experts ” assumed that “ disastrous ” economic conditions in Iran would undermine Ahmadinejad ’s reelection prospects .
But the International Monetary Fund projects that Iran ’s economy will actually grow modestly this year ( when the economies of most Gulf Arab states are in recession ) .
A significant number of Iranians — including the religiously pious , lower - income groups , civil servants and pensioners — appear to believe that Ahmadinejad ’s policies have benefited them .
And , while many Iranians complain about inflation , the TFT poll found that most Iranian voters do not hold Ahmadinejad responsible .
The “ Iran experts ” further argue that the high turnout on June 12 — 82 percent of the electorate — had to favor Mousavi .
But this line of analysis reflects nothing more than assumptions .
Some “ Iran experts ” argue that Mousavi ’s Azeri background and “ Azeri accent ” mean that he was guaranteed to win Iran ’s Azeri- majority provinces ; since Ahmadinejad did better than Mousavi in these areas , fraud is the only possible explanation .
But Ahmadinejad himself speaks Azeri quite fluently as a consequence of his eight years serving as a popular and successful official in two Azeri- majority provinces ; during the campaign , he artfully quoted Azeri and Turkish poetry — in the original — in messages designed to appeal to Iran ’s Azeri community .
( And we should not forget that the supreme leader is Azeri . )
The notion that Mousavi was somehow assured of victory in Azeri- majority provinces is simply not grounded in reality .
With regard to electoral irregularities , the specific criticisms made by Mousavi — such as running out of ballot paper in some precincts and not keeping polls open long enough ( even though polls stayed open for at least three hours after the announced closing time ) — could not , in themselves , have tipped the outcome so clearly in Ahmadinejad ’s favor .
Moreover , these irregularities do not , in themselves , amount to electoral fraud even by American legal standards .
And , compared with the U.S. presidential election in Florida in 2000 , the flaws in Iran ’s electoral process seem less significant .
In the wake of Friday ’s election , some “ Iran experts ” — perhaps feeling burned by their misreading of contemporary political dynamics in the Islamic Republic — argue that we are witnessing a “ conservative coup d’état , ” aimed at a complete takeover of the Iranian state .
But one could more plausibly suggest that if a “ coup ” is being attempted , it has been mounted by the losers in Friday ’s election .
It was Mousavi , after all , who declared victory on Friday even before Iran ’s polls closed .
And three days before the election , Mousavi supporter Rafsanjani published a letter criticizing the leader ’s failure to rein in Ahmadinejad ’s resort to “ such ugly and sin-infected phenomena as insults , lies and false allegations . ”
Many Iranians took this letter as an indication that the Mousavi camp was concerned their candidate had fallen behind in the campaign ’s closing days .
In light of these developments , many politicians and “ Iran experts ” argue that the Obama administration cannot now engage the “ illegitimate ” Ahmadinejad regime .
Certainly , the administration should not appear to be trying to “ play ” in the current controversy in Iran about the election .
In this regard , President Barack Obama ’s comments on Friday , a few hours before the polls closed in Iran , that “ just as has been true in Lebanon , what can be true in Iran as well is that you ’re seeing people looking at new possibilities ” was extremely maladroit .
From Tehran ’s perspective , this observation undercut the credibility of Obama ’s acknowledgement , in his Cairo speech earlier this month , of U.S. complicity in overthrowing a democratically elected Iranian government and restoring the shah in 1953 .
The Obama administration should vigorously rebut any argument against engaging Tehran following Friday ’s vote .
More broadly , Ahmadinejad ’s victory may force Obama and his senior advisers to come to terms with the deficiencies and internal contradictions in their approach to Iran .
Before the Iranian election , the Obama administration had fallen for the same illusion as many of its predecessors — the illusion that Iranian politics is primarily about personalities and finding the right personality to deal with .
That is not how Iranian politics works .
The Islamic Republic is a system with multiple power centers ; within that system , there is a strong and enduring consensus about core issues of national security and foreign policy , including Iran ’s nuclear program and relations with the United States .
Any of the four candidates in Friday ’s election would have continued the nuclear program as Iran ’s president ; none would agree to its suspension .
Any of the four candidates would be interested in a diplomatic opening with the United States , but that opening would need to be comprehensive , respectful of Iran ’s legitimate national security interests and regional importance , accepting of Iran ’s right to develop and benefit from the full range of civil nuclear technology — including pursuit of the nuclear fuel cycle — and aimed at genuine rapprochement .
Such an approach would also , in our judgment , be manifestly in the interests of the United States and its allies throughout the Middle East .
It is time for the Obama administration to get serious about pursuing this approach — with an Iranian administration headed by the reelected President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
Flynt Leverett directs
The New America Foundation ’s Iran Project and teaches international affairs at Pennsylvania State university .
Hillary Mann Leverett is CEO of STRATEGA , a political risk consultancy .
Both worked for many years on Middle East issues for the U.S. government , including as members of the National Security Council staff .
Enlarge By Mario Tama , Getty Images Nakeva Narcisse and daughter Asanta Mackey , 5 , sit in their FEMA trailer in Port Sulphur , La. , last May .
Asanta has a persistent cough .
Doctors fear tens of thousands of children were exposed to dangerous levels of the cancer - causing formaldehyde in the post - Katrina FEMA trailers .
ONLINE RESOURCES ONLINE RESOURCES • National Cancer Institute formaldehyde fact sheet • Campaign for Safe Cosmetics ' full report • Organic Consumers Association • Personal Care Products Council • Formaldehye Council , Inc. , blog CONSUMER TIPS CONSUMER TIPS
Avoiding controversial chemicals at the supermarket could be a daunting task , the report says .
None of the baby bath products tested in the Campaign for Safe Cosmetics ' new report list formldehyde and 1,4 - dioxane on their labels , since they 're formed as manufacturuing byproducts and are n't added intentionally .
The group says consumers can look out for ingredients that are likely to contain either of the chemicals , though , including : peg-100 stearate , sodium laureth sulfate , polyethylene and ceteareth - 20 , quaternium - 15 , DMDM hydantoin , imidazolidinyl urea , diazolidinyl urea and sodium hydroxymethoylglycinate .
— Liz Szabo , USA TODAY
New research raises additional concerns about the harmful effects of formaldehyde , a common chemical found in everything from plywood to nail polish , car exhaust and cigarette smoke .
Formaldehyde has long been linked to rare tumors of the nasopharynx , which includes the back of the throat , which affect about 2,000 Americans a year , according to the American Cancer Society .
KIDS : Formaldehyde found in 23 of 28 tested bath products
The new study — the largest to date on workplace exposures — provides further evidence linking formaldehyde with cancers of the blood and lymphatic system .
These cancers are far more common , affecting nearly 140,000 Americans a year .
In the study , scientists from the National Cancer Institute followed 25,000 workers for a median of 42 years , estimating the amount of formaldehyde to which each person was exposed on the job .
Among other things , scientists compared workers ' " peak " exposures to formaldehyde , or the greatest single dose they might encounter at one time .
Workers with the highest peak exposures were 37 % more likely to die from any blood or lymphatic cancer , and 78 % more likely to die from myeloid leukemia — a cancer of the white blood cells — compared to those with lowest levels , according to the study , published online today in the Journal of the National Cancer Institute .
Highly exposed workers also were nearly four times more likely to die of Hodgkin lymphoma , which affects immune cells , the study shows .
This study is the first to link a chemical with an increased risk of death from Hodgkin lymphoma , according to the NCI .
The overall risk of death from these cancers was relatively low , causing only 319 of the 14,000 deaths during the study , says author Laura Beane Freeman , an NCI scientist .
More than 2 million Americans are exposed to formaldehyde in the workplace , the study says .
Freeman says her study does n't allow her to estimate the risk of formaldehyde exposure to the general public .
But the cancer society 's Elizabeth Ward notes that exposure to formaldehyde , which can seep out of wood and other products to pollute indoor air , is " ubiquitous . "
Dangerously high formaldehyde levels have been found in trailers provided by the Federal Emergency Management Agency to Gulf Coast residents displaced by Hurricane Katrina .
A March report from the Campaign for Safe Cosmetics , an environmental advocacy group , also found formaldehyde in more than 80 % of bath and shampoos tested .
The Environmental Protection Agency listed formaldehyde as a " probable human carcinogen " in 1987 .
In 2004 , the International Agency for Research on Cancer went further , classifying formaldehyde as a " known human carcinogen " based partly on research suggesting a link to leukemia .
The study 's authors acknowledge that they do n't know the mechanism by which formaldehyde might cause leukemia .
Authors do note , though , that people exposed to formaldehyde have higher rates of chromosome abnormalities in their lymphocytes , a type of white blood cell that fights infection .
A spokesman for the Formaldehyde Council , an industry group , noted that the study is not considered definitive and has several limitations .
In a statement , the Formaldehyde Council said the National Academies of Sciences , which advises the government , should launch a thorough study of the chemical 's safety .
The council added that formaldehyde does n't pose a risk to the general public : " Knowledgeable scientists familiar with the vast research database on formaldehyde agree that at the low levels of the chemical to which people are normally exposed , either through internal or external sources , there is essentially no risk . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
On Monday , May 11 , after months of delays and preparation , NASA 's Space Shuttle Atlantis launched from the Kennedy Space Center on the final servicing mission to the orbiting Hubble Space Telescope .
The seven crew members left Florida for low Earth orbit at 2:01 pm , for a scheduled 11 - day mission , including 5 days of Extra - vehicular activity ( EVAs ) to work on the Hubble .
So far the repairs appear to be going very well - the final EVA is scheduled for today , and the landing planned for May 22nd .
I was fortunate enough to attend the launch at Banana Creek viewing area , and wish to extend my gratitude to all the people at NASA .
( Only one of the photos below is mine ) ( 31 photos total
Minesweeper game which is always solvable without guessing .
Flags
Name Description Default Type tests Enable inner project testing Disabled Automatic
Use -f < flag > to enable a flag , or -f -< flag > to disable that flag .
More info
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Over the past few weeks we ’ve seen significant developments , both positive and negative , in how Apple approaches security .
On the negative side is Apple ’s laggard response to providing a patch for a nine - month - old Java vulnerability that was fixed on other major platforms six months ago – and which the company finally fixed today ( see “ Protect Yourself from the Mac OS X Java Vulnerability , ” 2009 - 05 - 20 , and “ Apple Patches Nine - Month Old Java Vulnerabilities , ” 2009 -06 - 15 ) .
On the positive side is Apple ’s recent decision to hire Ivan Krstic , the engineer behind the well - respected security architecture for the One Laptop Per Child ( OLPC ) program .
These developments seem almost contradictory , on one side failing to manage one of the most basic security issues faced by a software vendor , and on the other hiring a leading mind in engineering software security .
It ’s clear that Apple considers security important , but that the company also struggles to execute effectively when faced with security challenges .
With the impending release of the next versions of both Mac OS X and the iPhone operating system , it seems a good time to evaluate how Apple could improve their security program .
Rather than focusing on narrow issues of specific vulnerabilities or incidents , or offering mere criticism , I humbly present a few suggestions on how Apple can become a leader in consumer computing security over the long haul .
Appoint and Empower a Chief Security Officer ( CSO ) —
Apple currently lacks both a public face for their security efforts and a single internal executive dedicated to security .
But two positions are n’t necessary : a Chief Security Officer ( CSO ) at a major software vendor like Apple can be both external evangelist and internal security manager , so Apple should hire such a person right away .
Apple ’s CSO would play a number of roles , including communicating about Apple ’s security efforts externally , directing responses to new vulnerabilities and other security issues , coordinating internal secure development efforts , and participating in product development to ensure security is appropriately considered and integrated into new products .
None of this will work if the CSO is merely a figurehead , and this must be an executive management position with the budget , staff , and authority to get the job done .
Ideally , the CSO will be a member of the inner circle of Apple executives that drives the company forward , so as to avoid the position becoming marginalized in company politics .
Adopt a Secure Software Development Program —
Software is surprisingly difficult to design and program securely .
Modern software is rarely built completely from scratch , relying heavily on various frameworks , code libraries , and third - party components .
Even when software is designed from the ground up , few developers focus on security or have extensive secure development training .
And even when you have well - trained developers , human error ensures they will never produce a perfectly secure product .
In response to these challenges , some software vendors have adopted special security development programs and processes ( often called “ secure software development ” or the “ secure software development lifecycle ” ) .
These techniques are extremely effective at reducing the number and severity of bugs that result in security vulnerabilities , and they are slowly becoming standard practice throughout large organizations and product vendors .
Security development programs usually have the added benefit of improving overall software quality and reducing the number of costly patches a vendor releases .
Based on a variety of sources , we know that Apple does not have a formal security program , and as such fails to catch vulnerabilities that would otherwise be prevented before product releases .
To address this lack , Apple should integrate secure software development into all internal development efforts .
This includes programmer training , development standards , design requirements , threat modeling , code review , use of security testing tools , specialized pre-release testing , and root cause analysis for post - release bugs .
Establish a Proactive Security Response Team — Although Apple does have dedicated security engineers , and a small product security team , there is no public security response team to manage externally reported vulnerabilities or other security issues in a consistent and coherent fashion .
Based on public handling of certain security issues it appears that the current product security team lacks sufficient resources or influence to effectively manage all Apple security issues in a consistent and coherent fashion .
An enhanced Apple security response team would manage communications with external researchers reporting vulnerabilities and the internal developers that develop the fixes .
Since Apple relies so much on third - party software , much of it open source , the security response team would also track and coordinate security responses for these products .
This could enable Apple to manage security issues like the recent Java and DNS flaws proactively , so Apple users are no longer exposed even after these components have been fixed by their programmers .
Having spent years working with both researchers and vendors , I ’ve learned that a communicative security response team typically generates goodwill with researchers reporting bugs , and is more likely to avoid messy disclosure situations that place users at risk .
Manage Vulnerabilities in Included Third - party Software —
As I ’ve mentioned multiple times , one of Apple ’s most significant security problems lies with patching versions of third - party software ( much of it open source ) included in Apple products .
Apple has a history of patching these components long after fixes are released on other platforms ( examples include Java , Samba , Apache , and DNS , and even Apple ’s own open - source WebKit and mDNS ) .
This is more than merely a roadmap for an attacker , it ’s an unimpeded highway straight to your Mac .
For example , the world ’s most popular free penetration testing ( hacking ) tool , Metasploit , can now target Mac OS X specifically , and functional attacks ( for any platform ) are typically available for Metasploit only hours or days after new patches are released .
As the barriers to exploiting new vulnerabilities continue to drop , Apple absolutely can’t afford to leave its customers exposed .
The solution to this is a formal program to track vulnerabilities reported in third - party components , and to work with internal development teams to integrate fixes as they become available .
Apple ’s CSO and security response team would become responsible for actively engaging with these external developers , and for ensuring Apple is able to release fixes in a timely manner .
Complete the Implementation of Anti-Exploitation Technologies —
With the release of Mac OS X 10.5 Leopard , Apple began to include a collection of what are known as “ anti-exploitation technologies . ”
Even if Apple adopts all of my suggestions above , that still wo n’t eliminate all security vulnerabilities in our systems .
Heck , even if all Apple software is perfectly secure , we ’ll still see vulnerabilities in the non-Apple software we purchase for our Macs and iPhones .
Anti-exploitation technologies assume that vulnerabilities are inevitable , and try to prevent attackers from taking advantage of them to hurt our systems .
Sandboxing , library randomization , no - execute flags ( which tie to special hardware hooks inside our Intel - based Macs ) , and stack protection are all partially implemented in Mac OS X , but these implementations are either incomplete or flawed in ways that nearly eliminate their security advantages .
As Microsoft is learning , it ’s also important to enforce these controls in individual applications , not just the operating system , so a single Web browser plug - in like Flash or Java ca n’t circumvent anti-exploitation technologies .
Apple is in a stronger position to enforce these rules than Microsoft , thus better protecting Mac and iPhone users .
Rumor is we may see some of these advances in the upcoming Snow Leopard release of Mac OS X , which would be a positive development .
It ’s inarguable that using Apple products today is currently a relatively safe experience , but there are early signs that if Apple does n’t start to do a better job with security policies and architecture , we customers may be at greater risk down the road .
I did n’t write this article because I ’m worried about the security of all seven of my Macs this week , but because I ’d like to continue to enjoy safe computing for the foreseeable future .
By following these suggestions Apple could extend its current ( if not entirely deserved ) reputation for security to become a long - term leader in consumer computing security .
ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise here !
Professor : Detainees ' accounts confirm White House authorized torture David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Wednesday March 18 , 2009
Print This Email
This ACLU renews call for special prosecutor A leaked report by the International Committee of the Red Cross on treatment of detainees held at CIA " black sites " describes a variety of interrogation techniques which the report says " constituted torture . "
UC - Berkeley journalism professor Mark Danner , who has published excerpts from the report in a lengthy article for the New York Review of Books , told MSNBC 's Rachel Maddow on Tuesday that he regards the detainees ' accounts as completely credible .
Danner pointed out that the fourteen prisoners interviewed by the Red Cross had been " kept rigorously isolated throughout their detention " and " had no chance to compare their stories , " and yet their accounts were " strikingly similar in almost every minute detail . "
Maddow commented that the similarity of the stories also implies that " this was a very organized situation .
This is not rogue CIA officers taking the gloves off and deciding what to do in the moment . "
" What do we know about the level of coordination between officials at these black sites and officials in Washington ? " she asked .
Danner replied that " the interrogators were in constant touch with their superiors at CIA headquarters " and were getting authorization for every interrogation technique .
" The chain of decision - making ... is very well - established , " he emphasized .
" These were n't rogue officers . "
" The director of Central Intelligence at the time [ in 2002 ] ... was George Tenet , who was traveling across the river every day to principals ' meetings at the White House , " Danner continued .
" The principals ' committee includes the National Security Adviser , then Condoleezza Rice ; the Secretary of Defense , Donald Rumsfeld ; Secretary of State Colin Powell ; the then - Attorney General , John Ashcroft , " Danner noted , " all of whom were briefed on this day by day -- not least because George Tenet apparently was worried that he would get stuck with this and he wanted to be sure that he had explicit confirmation that these procedures could go forward . "
MSNBC 's Keith Olbermann also referred to the Red Cross revelations on Tuesday , under the heading , " Definitely : It Was Torture - gate . "
" The Geneva Conventions , to which the United States is a signatory , establishes how it shall be determined whether ' torture ' has been committed , " Olbermann observed .
" The ultimate deciding body , as agreed to by our country , is -- the Red Cross . "
" The debate is over , " Olbermann concluded .
" Let the prosecutions begin . "
The ACLU announced on Wednesday that it has sent a letter to Attorney General Eric Holder calling for the Justice Department " to appoint an independent prosecutor to investigate the authorization to use torture
at CIA secret prisons . "
" The fact that such crimes have been committed can no longer be doubted or debated , nor can the need for an independent prosecutor be ignored by a new Justice Department committed to restoring the rule of law , " the letter states .
" The country deserves to have these outstanding matters addressed , and have the assurance that torture will stop and never happen again . "
This video is from MSNBC's The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast Mar. 17 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
This video is from MSNBC's Countdown , broadcast Mar. 17 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
The trailer of the first anal
The trailer of the first anal
Chubby amateur playing while in the bathroom
Chubby amateur playing while in the bathroom
She is great at giving handys
She is great at giving handys
Send us your birds
Have you got something we should definitely share ?
Contact us !
They say that the face is the window to the soul .
For Something Awful 's forum goons , it is a dark and mildewy window , which has run distorted and mottled with age and neglect .
In this week 's Comedy Goldmine , forum poster Xzoto invites his Internet friends to MSPaint their faces at the moment of sexual climax .
It 's no small feat to hold one 's member , a mirror , and a mouse all at the same time , so with that in mind I give you their work .
DETROIT ( Reuters ) - General Motors
Corp stock plunged more than 22 percent to a 76 - year low on Tuesday , a day after GM ’s top executives dumped their shares as the automaker heads toward a bankruptcy or a restructuring that would all but wipe out existing shareholders .
Six GM executives , led by former GM vice chairman and product chief Bob Lutz , disclosed on Monday that they sold almost $ 315,000 in stock and liquidated their remaining direct holdings in the automaker .
The automaker ’s shares were down 22 percent , or 31 cents , at $ 1.13 on the New York Stock Exchange Tuesday .
The stock had fallen to as low as $ 1.09 earlier , a price not seen since 1933 in the midst of the Great Depression .
The stock sale underscores the pressure on GM with less than three weeks remaining for the embattled automaker to win deals to slash debt and operating costs with its major union and bondholders to avoid bankruptcy .
GM is headed for either a bankruptcy filing by a government - imposed deadline of June 1 , or an out - of - court restructuring that would wipe out current stockholders by flooding the market with new shares to pay off creditors .
The automaker ’s stock could be worthless in a bankruptcy or worth less than 2 cents a share if it proceeds with plans to issue shares to creditors led by the U.S. Treasury Department , the company has said .
“ It ’s a lose - lose situation as far as we see it , and the shares kind of seem to have been doing a levitating magic trick and just staying up there in the $ 1.50 to $ 2.00 range , ” Standard & Poor ’s equity analyst Efraim Levy said .
“ Given that there is a two - week deadline coming there should be additional downside pressure , ” Levy said .
“ At this point the differentiation is that you are rooting for a recovery on GM the company where there is hope , but as far as the GM shareholders , there is no real positive outlook . ”
GM SHARES ‘WORTHLESS ’
Last week , GM detailed plans to all but wipe out the holdings of remaining shareholders by issuing up to 60 billion new shares in a bid to pay off debt to the U.S. government , bondholders and the United Auto Workers union .
The debt - for - equity exchange would make the U.S. government , which has provided $ 15.4 billion of loans to keep GM afloat since the start of the year , the majority shareholder of a restructured automaker .
The plan would also leave GM stockholders with 1 percent of the equity .
General Motors Vice Chairman Bob Lutz at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit , January 11 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Rebecca Cook
The automaker , historically was one of the powerhouses in the Dow , the most widely known measurement of U.S. stocks .
It has been on the index since 1925 and has stayed despite the dramatic fall in its stock price .
GM ’s market capitalization as of Tuesday was about $ 690 million , making it the smallest component in the Dow Jones industrial average by market cap .
By contrast , Chevron Corp has a market capitalization of about $ 136 billion .
GM has lost $ 88 billion since its turnaround efforts began in 2005 under former Chief Executive Rick Wagoner .
GM was first listed on the Dow in 1915 .
Journal editors removed it -- as they did more frequently back then -- adding it again in 1925 , and it has remained ever since .
Only U.S. conglomerate General Electric
Co has been in the Dow Jones industrial average longer than GM .
GE was an original component in 1896 and like GM was dropped for a period before returning to stay in 1907 .
Building on Mount Graham was a struggle .
Apaches said the observatory was an affront to the mountain spirits .
Environmentalists said it was a menace to a subspecies of red squirrel .
There were protests and threats of sabotage .
It was n’t until 1995 , three years after the edict of Inquisition was lifted against Galileo , that the Vatican ’s new telescope made its first scientific observations .
The target tonight is three spiral galaxies 
Nos. 3165 , 3166 , 3169 in the New General Catalog  lying about 60 million light - years from Earth , a little south of the constellation Leo .
Sitting at a desk near Dr. Corbally is Aileen O’Donoghue , an astronomer from St. Lawrence University in Canton , N.Y. , who is interested in how these gravitational masses tug at one another , creating the stellar equivalent of tides .
“ Exposing , 30 minutes , ” she says .
As Celtic ballads play in the control room , data is sucked up by hard drives , and a column of numbers scrolls down her computer screen .
Dr. O’Donoghue , who was raised Roman Catholic , is the author of “ The Sky Is Not a Ceiling : An Astronomer ’s Faith , ” in which she describes how she lost and then rediscovered God “ in the vastness , the weirdness , the abundance , the seeming nonsensicalness , and even the violence of this incredible universe . ”
In person she ’s not nearly so intense .
While waiting for an image to gel , she steps out on a balcony for a look at the unprocessed sky .
The Beehive Cluster , one of the first things Galileo saw with his telescope , is sparkling in the constellation Cancer .
Next to it is Leo , where Dr. O’Donoghue is looking for the gravitational tides .
“ It ’s the real sky that matters , ” she says .
She describes how she makes her undergraduate students go outside and look at the Big Dipper at different times of the night .
“ They come back and say , ‘ It moves ! ’ ”  words Galileo legendarily muttered after he was forced to recant .
“ You can tell students that the Earth rotates , but until they see that with their eyeballs , they ’re not doing science , ” she said .
“ You might as well be teaching theology and Scripture . ”
Back inside the control room she explains how the gravitational tides she is studying might be stellar nurseries .
As one galaxy brushes by another , clouds of gas are stirred so violently that they give birth to stars .
In the Vatican Observatory ’s annual report , at the point where a corporation might describe its business strategy , is a section delineating the difference between creatio ex nihilo ( creation from nothing ) and creatio continua : “ the fact that at every instant , the continued existence of the universe itself is deliberately willed by God , who in this way is continually causing the universe to remain created . ”
Research 2000 for Daily Kos.
5/25-28/2009 .
All adults .
MoE 2 % ( 5/18-21/2009 results ) :
FAVORABLE UNFAVORABLE NET CHANGE PRESIDENT OBAMA 67 ( 66 ) 29 ( 29 ) +1 PELOSI : 30 ( 30 ) 58 ( 56 ) - 2 REID : 30 ( 32 ) 53 ( 51 ) - 4 McCONNELL : 22 ( 21 ) 60 ( 61 ) +2 BOEHNER : 15 ( 14 ) 64 ( 65 ) +2 CONGRESSIONAL
DEMS : 39 ( 40 ) 53 ( 52 ) - 2 CONGRESSIONAL
GOPS : 12 ( 12 ) 72 ( 73 ) +1 DEMOCRATIC PARTY : 49 ( 50 ) 43 ( 42 ) - 2 REPUBLICAN PARTY : 21 ( 20 ) 71 ( 71 ) +
1
Full crosstabs here .
This poll is updated every Friday morning , and you can see trendline graphs here .
While Obama still is lookin ' good and in great position to get his SCOTUS pick in over GOP objection :
the Congressional Dem leadership is n't looking as good as a few weeks ago ( though still stronger than GOP ) :
Lack of clarity on torture hurt Dems this week and especially last , and can anything make clearer how important it is to hold the WH ?
Political independents ar eunhappy with Congress , that 's clear ( Pelosi , for example gets a 20 - 68 fav / unfav from indies .
A month ago , that was 30 - 53 . )
Bit does that really matter politically ?
When this week 's question is :
Would you like to , see more Democrats or Republicans elected to Congress in 2010 ?
this week 's answer ( 5/22 ) is
DEMOCRATS REPUBLICANS NOT SURE
ALL 41 %( 42 ) 29%( 30 ) 30 % ( 28 )
MEN 38 % 33 % 29 %
WOMEN 44 % 25 % 31 %
DEM 79 % 4 % 17 %
REP 5 % 78 % 17 %
IND 33 % 23 % 44 %
OTH / REF 31 % 28 % 41 %
NON VOTERS 34 % 21 % 45 %
WHITE 32 % 35 % 33 %
BLACK 71 % 4 % 25 %
LATINO 56 % 24 % 20 %
OTHER / REF 58 % 22 % 20 %
18-29 48 % 18 % 34 %
30 - 44 38 % 35 % 27 %
45-59 42 % 29 % 29 %
60 + 39 % 31 % 30 %
NORTHEAST 51 % 15 % 34 %
SOUTH 32 % 41 % 27 %
MIDWEST 43 % 27 % 30 %
WEST 42 % 29 % 29 %
We will , of course , follow the numbers closely in response to the SCOTUS pick and debate .
But the truth is that ( in addition to the Pelosi drop in numbers due to events of the week ) whenever Congress tries to pass legislation , or confirm a nominee , people start disliking them more .
So , what people do with their considered lack of congressional approval remains to be seen .
Hidden for almost a century within the panelled walls of a library , the portrait appears to have been inspired by the Mona Lisa , which hangs in the Louvre Museum in Paris and was painted by the Italian master in the early 1500s .
Two brilliant French artists , Ivan Duval and Jean Sebastien Ides , show us how to have fun with one dollar bill .
Also check out : Dollar Bill Origami
in
" Could n't help but make me feel ashamed to live in a land
Where justice is a game "
- Bob Dylan , " Hurricane "
Imagine , if you can , a justice system where justice is , in fact , part of the system .
Imagine a country where those in a position of power and authority can actually be held to account when they abuse it .
A place where cops not only can't get away with beating on innocent people , but where those innocent people can in fact fight back in self - defense without finding themselves in prison convicted of " resisting arrest " and " assaulting a police officer " .
Imagine a place where the relationship between the police , the public prosecutors and the courts is not so incestuous as to make justice almost impossible to attain whenever it comes to dealing with cases of police brutality .
Imagine a far - off , distant , almost - mystical land where cops are not given a free hand to wail on and / or taser anyone who they claim " scared them " because they , for instance , " had a stapler " in their hand , or , say , enraged them by not immediately obeying a command .
Better yet , imagine a land where , if you were to find some cop illegally beating on you , you could turn around and punch him in the face and the courts would find this to be a reasonable response .
Well , as anyone who has followed the dozens of stories of police brutality in this country over the years clearly knows , this seemingly imaginary land sure as hell ai n't Canada .
The Robert Dziekanski case may , of course , be the most infamous , but it 's only one of dozens , if not hundreds , of cases from the past few years .
And it , like so many other cases of police brutality , only came to light because there was a video to contradict the cops ' truth - challenged version of events .
So , no , we 're most definitely not talking about Canada here , but this fabled land does indeed exist .
It 's called England :
Teacher cleared of assaulting policeman at arms protest : Court rules man who punched officer in face after being hit with batons acted in self - defence
It 's sure good to know that there is , in fact , a reasonable , common - sense justice system out there some place in this world - even if it is on the other side of the Atlantic - because it means there 's still hope for Canada down the road .
You may say I 'm a dreamer , but :
Maybe , just maybe , the courts in this country will someday give up their incessant , infantile infatuation with the police and start to take serious all forms of police brutality , assault , excessive use of force , and abuse of power .
Perhaps someday the system will no longer be such a farce , a joke , a game .
Perhaps someday regular people wo n't have to fear running into a thuggish cop in a bad mood .
Or a macho cop dealing with ego issues .
Or a disturbed cop high on the power of fear and intimidation .
Perhaps someday the good cops will have enough self - respect and courage to stand up and testify against their thuggish colleagues .
Perhaps someday , in the not too distant future , the system will put more of a priority on protecting the public than on protecting rogue cops .
Imagine a future like that .
It is n't hard to do .
Mike Cowie ( Oredakedo )
Thursday , June 11th , 2009
For another recent piece on police brutality try this : Cowards and Apologists : The Police Brutality Rant
And for more on the Robert Dziekanski case try these :
The Dziekanski Killing and Cover - Up : Even Fellow Cops Now Feel Compelled To Speak Out In Disgust
And Injustice For All : Cops Face No Charges
In Death of Robert Dziekanski
Kill , Duck and Cover : The RCMP Rant
For the Society , Justice & Law Homepage click here
And for a couple of other recent rants , try these :
Freedom Denied !
Are We Happy Now : The Crushing of Sri Lanka 's Tamils
Nothing To Fear But Truth Itself : Criminalizing Criticism of Israel
For more political rants visit the Politics Homepage
Giant Water Bug – Toe Biter
[ Scene : my office , afternoon of May 21 .
The phone rings ]
Me : Hello ?
Sam : Dad !
Mom caught a GIANT WATER BUG !
She tried to pick it up , and it GRABBED her !
She shook it off , and caught it in a DIAPER !
We put it in a jar !
It ’s GIANT !
Me : Wow !
Sam : Well , OK .
Bye ! [ click , hummmmmm ] [ 1 ]
A minute later S_ called back to give the details , and Sam had the story substantially correct .
They had just pulled out of the grocery store parking lot , when S_ saw what she thought at first was a small bird fly by , until it landed on the road [ 2 ] in a very un - birdlike way and she realized it was a very large insect .
So she jumped out of the car [ 3 ] , and caught it pretty much the way Sam described .
Then she drove home with the diaper - wrapped [ 4 ] bug in one hand , feeling it squirm around forcefully from time to time .
Once they got home , she popped it into a mason jar with a screen lid , and that ’s about the time that Sam called me .
Sam wanted to keep it as a pet , so once I got home , I took Sam to Wal - Mart and picked up a small 1 - gallon aquarium kit .
We also picked up a feeder goldfish .
Then we set up the tank , made sure the lid was on and the aerator was working , put in the water bug and the goldfish , and watched .
Nothing much happened for a long time , other than the fish swimming around and the bug periodically moving from one perch to another , and finally we went to bed .
The next morning around 5:00 , I heard Sam yelling from her room , so I went to see what was wrong .
At first I thought she ’d been scared by a bad dream , but then I realized that . . . something . . . was making a scrabbling noise from her yellow toy bin .
So I went over to look , and . . . there it was .
The giant water bug was in the bottom of the bin , scrabbling to try and get out .
The thing is , Sam ’s room is at the extreme other end of the house from where the aquarium is , so the bug had to get out of the aquarium ( by squeezing through the opening in the lid that the aerator tube passed through ) , then fly the entire length of the house , then crawl under Sam ’s door ( which was closed ) , and then fly again to fall into the toy bin .
It ’s easy enough to see how it did it , but the why is another question .
Anyway , I got it back into the aquarium easily enough , and put a largeish rock on the lid to keep the bug from getting out again [ 5 ] .
Later that morning after I ’d gone to work , the bug finally took an interest in the goldfish , and ate it .
S_ got some good pictures of the event .
She says that the bug first bit the fish in the eye , which I expect dissolved its brain [ 6 ] and killed the fish almost instantly .
Then it settled down to inject digestive fluids into the fish body proper and suck out its insides .
S_ says that it would stab a spot , suck for a while , then move to another spot and start again while the fish gradually deflated .
So .
This is clearly a giant water bug .
Given the size ( about three inches long ) , it is most likely one of the six species in the genus Lethocerus .
I think it ’s either the regular American Toe - Biter Lethocerus americanus , or maybe the Eastern Toe -Biter , Lethocerus griseus .
There ’s supposed to be a groove in the front femur of Lethocerus americanus that is characteristic of the species , but I ca n’t quite tell if it is there or not .
Giant water bugs are among the largest insects in North America , and reportedly quite tasty ( the ones in Asia are even bigger , and are often eaten ) .
The ones in North America live for about two years , starting out as small nymphs that prey on other small arthropods , but eventually graduating to eating minnows by they time they reach adulthood .
They overwinter as adults ( which is why this one turned up so early in the year ) , and lay their eggs in the spring and summer .
In some species , the females lay their eggs on the back of the male , and he looks after them until they hatch , but other species lay their eggs on weeds in the water .
The giant water bugs do not breathe water , they trap an air bubble under their wings and breathe from that .
Periodically , they will refresh their air supply by poking the tip of the abdomen through the surface , pushing out the stale air , and pulling in fresh air , like it is doing here :
That air bubble makes them very buoyant .
Ours has to either swim hard , or hang onto something to stay submerged , otherwise it pops right to the surface .
Once it gets out of the water , the skin is so water - repellent that the water beads up and runs off immediately .
They fly pretty strongly , and given how we found this one , they are obviously pretty mobile – the nearest body of water substantial enough to support appropriate prey for a giant water bug was about a half - mile away from where it was found .
They make pretty cool pets , but I ’m not so sure I would say they are good pets .
Keeping it in goldfish is a bit more expensive than keeping a spider supplied with flies and crickets , and they are really prone to escaping if there is any opening in the lid of the aquarium that they are kept in .
And the way that they get around the house once they escape , combined with the potential for a very painful bite if you , say , step on one , suggests that maybe other arthropods are a better choice for a pet .
UPDATE : I was given a dead ( but fully intact ) giant water bug to photograph in March 2012 , and here are some more - detailed pictures of particular parts of its body that we did n’t get a good view of with the live one .
—-
[ 1 ]
Phone conversations with a 3 - year - old can be a bit abrupt .
[ 2 ]
We have the ideal conditions for road mirages right now ( pavement heating in the sun with cooler air ) , so it often looks like the pavement is covered with water .
S_ thinks that the bug mistook a road mirage for a small pond , and tried to land in it .
[ 3 ]
Interestingly , nobody in the cars stopped behind her blew their horn at her or anything .
I expect they were probably sitting there watching , and wondering “ what on earth is going on there ? ”
[ 4 ]
Yes , it was a clean , unused diaper .
It was for Sam ’s younger sister , incidentally .
[ 5 ]
At the time , I thought that it had pushed the lid up and squeezed through , so the rock seemed like a good idea .
But then , it got out again the next night , so I checked more carefully and found that the hole in the lid was wider , and the bug was narrower , than I had thought .
So , we covered the hole in the lid with tape , and now the bug stays inside at night ( although it still crawls up and claws at the lid when it gets dark ) .
[ 6 ]
Like assassin bugs , giant water bugs inject digestive fluids into their prey to liquefy the insides , and then suck up the resulting slurry .
Their bite is reputed to be extremely painful .
Not so much because it is an actual venom [ 7 ] , but because it is dissolving your flesh .
This one later ate a second goldfish , and did the same thing – stab through the eye first , then go to the body proper .
So , it looks like biting the eye first is no accident , but is a behavior evolved specifically to kill the fish as quickly as possible .
[ 7 ]
Venoms , like bee venom , often have compounds that specifically cause pain by activating your nerve endings , but a lot of venoms do n’t actually cause all that much gross physical damage to your tissues .
Giant water bug bites are not like that at all .
They are more like an internal acid burn .
This entry was originally posted at http://cereta.dreamwidth.org/639712.html .
If you can , please speak there have spoken there .
A phenomenon that had had been declining is making a comeback .
The seedy dangerous world of the loan shark is experiencing a new surge of popularity as progressively greater numbers of people are refused credit by the major and sub - prime lenders .
‘ Loan sharks ’ is the term used to describe money lenders who operate illegally .
These lenders are not licensed by the financial services and so are completely unregulated .
The Office of Fail Trading ( OFT ) issues guidelines to first and second line lenders .
These guidelines must be adhered to or the lender will lose its licence .
They concern a raft of items , however they specifically lay down a set of rules that are designed to protect the interests , livelihood and privacy of the borrower ; for instance licensed lenders are prohibited from using unethical tactics to pursue debt arrears and are not permitted to charge unethical interest rates .
On the other hand the loan sharks operate with a completely free rein .
Examples of this are interest rates and repayment terms .
Loan sharks will often charge enormous rates of interest and offer loans on extremely bad terms for the borrower .
Should the borrower fail to make scheduled repayments on the loan , the loan shark will often use extremely unethical tactics in order to get their money back .
Often they will make further loans in order to enable the borrower to repay the first one .
Gradually the borrower will become entrapped in a debt mountain with which they are unable to cope .
Read
Anyone who is finding it difficult to borrow money in a normal manner should seek debt advice from a reputable practitioner .
To check whether a lender is licences is simply a matter of phoning the OFT .
There is no legal obligation to repay loans obtained from loan sharks , however resisting their demands can be very difficult .
Often it is necessary to involve the local Trading Standards Office and even the police if things get very difficult .
Anyone who has fallen into their clutches needs to seek help as soon as possible and before things get even more desperate .
FED FUNDS RATE FED FUNDS RATE RECOVERY WATCH RECOVERY WATCH USA TODAY / IHS Global Insight Economic Forecast :
Our latest economic index forecasts stronger growth .
| Video : About our new index Citing a " weak " but improving economy , the Federal Reserve left interest rates unchanged Wednesday and took no further steps to pump cash into stagnant credit markets , moderately disappointing investors .
The central bank and its colleagues voted unanimously to keep a key interest rate near zero , adding that the rate will likely stay low for " an extended period . "
It reiterated plans to purchase up to $ 1.75 billion in government securities .
But some economists had expected policymakers to expand the size or timing of the purchases , a strategy that tends to drive down interest rates and spur stock markets .
The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 23.05 at 8299.86 after rising 100 points or so in midday trading .
Bond prices dipped and yields rose on expectations that inflation eventually could force the Fed to raise rates .
STATEMENT : What the Fed said " Conditions in financial markets have generally improved in recent months , " the Federal Open Market Committee said in a statement after its two - day meeting .
" Household spending has shown further signs of stabilizing but remains constrained by ongoing job losses , lower housing wealth and tight credit . "
The Fed cuts interest rates to reduce borrowing costs and spark the economy , and raises rates to head off inflation .
It noted it 's still not worried about rising costs , saying " inflation will remain subdued for some time . "
It added the " pace of economic contraction is slowing . "
After its April meeting , however , the policymakers voiced some concern about excessively low inflation or deflation that could further hinder economic growth .
That view was not expressed in Wednesday 's release .
" It suggests they might be somewhat more willing " to raise rates ultimately , though likely not within the next year , says UBS economist James O'Sullivan .
Conrad DeQuadros of RDQ
Economics thought the Fed at least might extend the timing of its securities purchases , which are a less conventional way of driving down interest rates and helping reduce costs for mortgages and other loans .
Earlier this year , the Fed said that by year 's end it will purchase up to $ 1.75 trillion in mortgage - backed securities , Treasury notes and other debt .
Greg Salvaggio , senior vice president of capital markets at Tempus Consulting , believes the Fed could unwind its securities purchases and perhaps even boost interest rates by year 's end .
Economists worry that the big U.S. deficit , worsened by the Wall Street bailout and economic stimulus , could spark inflation and increase borrowing costs .
That 's pushed up rates on Treasuries and mortgages .
Separately , the Commerce Department reported Wednesday that orders for durable goods rose a better - than - expected 1.8 % in May from the previous month , fueling expectations the economy could start a recovery by year 's end .
We 've updated the Conversation Guidelines .
Changes include a brief review of the moderation process and an explanation on how to use the " Report Abuse " button .
Read more
Governor threatens to furlough workers 3rd day CALIFORNIA'S FISCAL CRISIS Governor issues threat as legislators fail again to fix $ 24 billion deficit
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger answers a reporters question concerning the state 's pending cash crisis at the Capitol in Sacramento , Calif. , Friday , June 26 , 2009 .
State Controller John Chiang has warned that California will be forced to issue IOU 's instead of payments next week unless Schwarzenegger and state lawmakers can come up with a solution to the state 's $ 24.3 billion deficit .
( AP Photo / Rich Pedroncelli ) less Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger answers a reporters question concerning the state 's pending cash crisis at the Capitol in Sacramento , Calif. , Friday , June 26 , 2009 .
State Controller John Chiang has warned that ... more Photo : Rich Pedroncelli , AP Photo : Rich Pedroncelli , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Governor threatens to furlough workers 3rd day 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger threatened Friday to force state workers to take a third unpaid day off each month beginning in July unless the Legislature approves a budget that solves the state 's $ 24.3 billion shortfall by Tuesday .
The state 's 210,000 workers are already forced to take two furlough days .
A third would result in a total pay cut for each worker of 14 percent , saving California more than $ 2.2 billion in the new fiscal year that begins on July 1 .
" It 's clear that if the Legislature does not send a full budget solution to my desk by June 30 , California will face an extreme cash - flow problem that will threaten our ability to pay for vital services , " the governor said .
Schwarzenegger said imposing an additional furlough day would help stave off the state 's cash crisis .
State worker union leaders said they were disappointed by the governor 's threat .
" This is absolutely ridiculous .
The governor has made us into budget scapegoats , " said Nancy Swindell , president of the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees AFL - CIO Local 2620 that represents 5,000 state health and social services workers .
For a third straight day Friday , no progress was made in the Capitol on the budget crisis .
Lawmakers were unable to reach an agreement on how to close the massive shortfall .
Democratic lawmakers , once again , put up portions of their budget proposal and Republicans refused to support them .
The Assembly voted on the same bill that was introduced Wednesday - to cut spending by $ 11.4 billion - but it failed again to clear the required two - thirds majority without GOP support .
3 other bills failed
The state Senate took up three other bills that would have raised billions of dollars in additional revenue by various accounting maneuvers .
They included the early collection of taxes , increasing tax withholdings in paychecks , adding fees on homeowners to fight wildfires and fees on motorists to keep the state parks open .
But the bills failed , with Republicans arguing for deeper spending cuts and no new taxes .
Senate President Pro Tem Darrell Steinberg , D - Sacramento , argued that all of the bills that Republicans rejected since Wednesday amount to more than $ 21 billion worth of solutions that included cash - saving measures to avoid next week 's possible issuance of IOUs and delay the state 's cash crunch by at least a month .
The Senate leader said Senate Republicans are playing a " dangerous game of chicken " by refusing the Democratic proposals .
IOUs to begin Thursday
State Controller John Chiang has said California is on pace to run out of cash by July 28 , and he will begin issuing IOUs on Thursday to begin conserving cash so that he can make constitutionally mandated payments such as debt payment and money to schools .
Schwarzenegger has argued that with the end of the fiscal year just a few days away , the only way to avoid a financial disaster is for lawmakers to get the budget done by Wednesday .
" It 's extremely important that we work overtime now , " he said outside his state Capitol office .
" We work hopefully to 12 o'clock midnight sometimes , every day , during the weekend and not take off at all and just concentrate on getting the budget done . "
The governor said he hopes to talk with legislative leaders today .
Steinberg and Assembly Speaker Karen Bass , D - Baldwin Vista ( Los Angeles County ) , have scheduled floor sessions for Sunday evening .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/3\/37\/Make-Kitty-Litter-Cake-Step-1-Version-2.jpg\/v4-460px-Make-Kitty-Litter-Cake-Step-1-Version-2.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/ thumb\/3\/37\/Make-Kitty-Litter-Cake-Step-1-Version-2.jpg\/aid48744-v4-728px-Make-Kitty-Litter-Cake-Step-1-Version-2.jpg " , " smallWidth " :460 , " smallHeight " :345 , " bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 546 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br>
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"}
1 Prepare and bake the cake mixes .
Follow the directions on the boxes , but do n't worry too much about pan sizes : we 're not going to frost it the normal way !
Allow the cakes to cool to room temperature .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/1\/1e\/Make-Kitty-Litter-Cake-Step-3-Version-2.jpg\/v4-460px-Make-Kitty-Litter-Cake-Step-3-Version-2.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/thumb\/1\/1e\/Make-Kitty-Litter-Cake-Step-3-Version-2.jpg\/aid48744-v4-728px-Make-Kitty-Litter-Cake-Step-3-Version-2.jpg " , " smallWidth " : 460 , " smallHeight " :345 , " bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 546 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br>
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"}
3 Crumble the white sandwich cookies in small batches .
You can use a food processor ( scrape often to get every little piece ) , kitchen mallet , or just crumble them by hand .
Set aside all but about 1 /4 cup .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/2\/27\/Make-Kitty-Litter-Cake-Step-4-Version-2.jpg\/v4-460px-Make-Kitty-Litter-Cake-Step-4-Version-2.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/ thumb\/2\/27\/Make-Kitty-Litter-Cake-Step-4-Version-2.jpg\/aid48744-v4-728px-Make-Kitty-Litter-Cake-Step-4-Version-2.jpg " , " smallWidth " : 460 , " smallHeight " :345 , " bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 546 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br>
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"}
4
Add a few drops of green food coloring to 1/4 cup of cookie crumbs .
You can either mix them together with a fork or shake them together in a closed container such as a jar or Tupperware .
Set aside for now .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/7\/7e\/Make-Kitty-Litter-Cake-Step-5-Version-2.jpg\/v4-460px-Make-Kitty-Litter-Cake-Step-5-Version-2.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/ thumb\/7\/7e\/Make-Kitty-Litter-Cake-Step-5-Version-2.jpg\/aid48744-v4-728px-Make-Kitty-Litter-Cake-Step-5-Version-2.jpg " , " smallWidth " :460 , " smallHeight " :345 , " bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 546 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br>
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"}
5 Crumble the room - temperature cakes into a large bowl .
Toss gently with half of the remaining white cookie crumbs and enough chilled pudding to moisten ( not soak ) the crumbs .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/b\/be\/Make-Kitty-Litter-Cake-Step-6-Version-2.jpg\/v4-460px-Make-Kitty-Litter-Cake-Step-6-Version-2.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/thumb\/b\/be\/Make-Kitty-Litter-Cake-Step-6-Version-2.jpg\/aid48744-v4-728px-Make-Kitty-Litter-Cake-Step-6-Version-2.jpg " , " smallWidth " : 460 , " smallHeight " :345 , " bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 546 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br>
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"} 6
Make the litter .
Add the cake , cookie crumbs , and pudding mixture into a brand new , clean litter box .
If you do n't have one , find a large rectangular Tupperware container to act as a stand - in ( or sit-in ) .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/5\/5f\/Make-Kitty-Litter-Cake-Step-7-Version-2.jpg\/v4-460px-Make-Kitty-Litter-Cake-Step-7-Version-2.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/thumb\/5\/5f\/Make-Kitty-Litter-Cake-Step-7-Version-2.jpg\/aid48744-v4-728px-Make-Kitty-Litter-Cake-Step-7-Version-2.jpg " , " smallWidth " : 460 , " smallHeight " :345 , " bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 546 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br>
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"}
7 Temper your Tootsies .
Heat three unwrapped Tootsie rolls in a Heat three unwrapped Tootsie rolls in a microwave - safe dish until they 're soft and pliable .
Pinch off the ends so they are no longer blunt and look convincingly like what cats put in the litter box .
Repeat this process with as many Tootsie rolls as you 'd like to add , microwaving them in batches of three .
Reserve three for the final garnish .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/4\/4e\/Make-Kitty-Litter-Cake-Step-10-Version-2.jpg\/v4-460px-Make-Kitty-Litter-Cake-Step-10-Version-2.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/ thumb\/4\/4e\/Make-Kitty-Litter-Cake-Step-10-Version-2.jpg\/aid48744-v4-728px-Make-Kitty-Litter-Cake-Step-10-Version-2.jpg " , " smallWidth " : 460 , " smallHeight " :345 , " bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 546 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br >
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"} 10 Heat and shape the last three Tootsie rolls .
Scrape them on top of the cake .
One can hang over the side of the litter box .
Sprinkle them lightly with cookie crumbs to make them look more recent .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/2\/25\/Make-Kitty-Litter-Cake-Step-11-Version-2.jpg\/v4-460px-Make-Kitty-Litter-Cake-Step-11-Version-2.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/ thumb\/2\/25\/Make-Kitty-Litter-Cake-Step-11-Version-2.jpg\/aid48744-v4-728px-Make-Kitty-Litter-Cake-Step-11-Version-2.jpg " , " smallWidth " : 460 , " smallHeight " :345 , " bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 546 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br >
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"}
11 Eat it up , yum !
Place the box on a newspaper and sprinkle a few of the cookie crumbs around .
Serve with a brand new , washed litter scooper for that extra touch !
The two NYPD patrolmen accused of raping a drunken woman made a bogus 911 call so they could be sent back to the victim ’s East Village apartment , a senior prosecutor said .
The call was made from a pay phone at the corner of East 13th Street and First Avenue , where Officers Kenneth Moreno and Franklin Mata had been summoned to handle a traffic accident in the early morning on Dec. 7 .
It proves the cops coldly plotted the sexual assault of the incapacitated woman , prosecutors say .
The caller said his name was John Edward and complained about a drunken homeless man , saying the man was at 512 E. 13th St. — two doors down from where the woman lived .
The cops had already been in the woman ’s apartment twice over a 46 - minute period and needed to concoct an excuse for a third visit , according to the prosecutor at the Manhattan District Attorney ’s Office .
It was during the third visit that Moreno allegedly raped the woman while she was lying face down on her bed and after she had vomited several times .
Mata , his partner , “ assisted in the act , ” according to charges filed against the two .
The phone - call ploy worked , the prosecutor said .
A police dispatcher , responding to the complaint , sent the patrolmen to 512 E. 13th St. at about 2:45 a.m .
They walked into the building ’s foyer and out again quickly .
They then entered the woman ’s building at 2:59 a.m. , using a key that they had taken from her during their second visit to the apartment , said sources involved in the case .
Surveillance video captured them shielding their faces from a camera they spotted on the second trip .
The two did n’t realize a separate camera caught their attempts to conceal their identities .
The 9th Precinct officers remained in the apartment for 34 minutes before leaving , according to the charges .
Their actions that night and during the following days — when they allegedly faked logbook entries — prompted prosecutors to build cases against both officers and eventually to reject a purported offer by Mata to testify against his partner .
Moreno , 41 , and Mata , 27 , were indicted Tuesday , charged with rape , burglary and official misconduct .
Moreno faces drug charges after heroin was allegedly found in his station - house locker .
The two were suspended by the NYPD .
Police Commissioner Ray Kelly called the case a “ shocking aberration . ”
Both pleaded not guilty .
They told investigators the sex was consensual .
Mata ’s lawyer denied his client offered to testify against his partner .
The investigation , which lasted four months , was aided by a secret audiotape recording that the woman made shortly after the alleged rape .
Wired with a hidden device , she arranged a meeting with Moreno , who apologized to her for his actions that night and conceded that she had been extremely intoxicated , sources said .
The probe involved numerous forensic tests at the woman ’s apartment and interviews with virtually everyone who came in contact with the cops and her , including cabby Kofi Owusu , who took her home , residents in her building , and the two drivers involved in the accident .
“ I remember everything that happened that night , ” Owusu told The Post , declining to elaborate .
Investigators interviewed the bar staff at Southpaw , a large music club in Park Slope , Brooklyn , where the woman had begun her night partying with co-workers .
The woman , 27 , is a high - level executive with a well - known firm .
After the alleged attack , she moved out of the city .
Moreno is a 17 - year NYPD veteran .
Mata was on the job for two years .
brad.hamilton@nypost.com
I used to joke with my friends in the physics community that if you want to cleanse your discipline of the worst scientists in it , every three or four years , you should have someone publish a bogus paper claiming to make some remarkable new discovery — infinite free energy or ESP , or something suitably cosmic like that .
Then you have it published in a legitimate journal ; it shows up on the front page of the New York Times , and within two months , every bad scientist in the field will be working on it .
Jan Hendrik Schön , if you have heard the name , will either fascinate or enrage you .
His ability to progress from ridiculous fibs to world - class deception as a 31 - year - old physicist working at Bell Labs in New Jersey is certainly impressive .
How did fellow scientists let him get away with possibly the worst case of physics research fraud known ?
It deserves a whole book , and Eugenie Samuel Reich is here to help .
If you can't sit through a whole book like Plastic Fantastic ( out next week ) , her short version is in Physics World .
The world 's first organic electrical laser !
The smallest ever transistor !
It 's like a late night paid advertisement , except it cost taxpayers millions of dollars - and all Jan Hendrik Schön got was the sack .
Why did the self - correcting nature of science not bring the fraud to light sooner ?
Some of it is that there are bad scientists , just like in any other occupation , and they are drawn to money and silliness , and some of it is that peer - reviewed journals were not doing their jobs .
As book author Gary Taubes , no stranger to ferreting out bad science , said in in an interview here
In 2000 alone , Schön published eight papers in Science and Nature , publications that claim to be the world standard for quality science , and he became known for his breakthrough of using organic dye molecules to create an electric circuit which when prompted by an electric current behaved as a transistor , leading scientists ( see Taubes quote above ) in a dozen labs to likewise chase some funding , wasting millions of dollars of US government research money .
He also garnered the Otto - Klung - Weberbank Prize for Physics in 2001 , the Braunschweig Prize in 2001 and the Outstanding Young Investigator Award of the Materials Research Society in 2002 .
Jan Hendrik Schön . Credit : Bell Labs
In 2001 his name appeared on a paper an average of every 8 days .
That 's terrific production , though less so if you just make stuff up .
Not everyone bought his schtick , of course .
Professor Lydia Sohn of Princeton University noted in his work on single - molecule semiconductors that two experiments carried out at much different temperatures somehow had identical noise but when Nature editors pointed this out to Schön , he said he accidentally submitted the same graph twice .
Oh , okay then , good enough for Nature but not good enough for quality scientists and his paper describing the construction of molecular transistors sent his career crashing - two fellow physicists , Julia Hsu and Lynn Loo , attempted to patent research showing that soft lithography could be used to make softer and gentler contact with organic molecules and they used Schön 's paper as validation of how cutting - edge their experimental progress was ; that 's when they stumbled across duplicated data and sounded the alarm .
In this case , the private sector and individual investigators came though for integrity where big media journals did not .
In May 2002 , Bell Labs / Lucent began an investigation but , surprise , Schön said he kept no laboratory notebooks and his raw - data files had been deleted from his computer because his hard drive just was n't big enough .
Bell Labs fired him , Science withdrew eight papers written by him and the University of Konstanz later revoked his PhD ( can they do that ?
The fraud was after the PhD ) .
Physical Review Journals also withdrew his papers in 2002 as well and finally in 2003 Nature withdrew seven peer - reviewed papers he had written as well .
As Reich writes , " Science was corrected in the Schön case , but not by itself – only because individual scientists made corrections .
From would - be replicators in dozens of labs to many sceptics , only a couple of researchers were transformed into whistle - blowers by the unlikely pattern of [ duplicated ] evidence . "
Reich continues , " Fraud was able to stifle questions about Schön 's lab technique that would otherwise have been asked , and to turn review processes at journals into opportunities for additional fabrication .
Other scientists ' support of the fraud was unwitting , but the decision to place so much trust in a colleague was a conscious rationalisation that continues to be defended in science to this day . "
Article : Eugenie Samuel Reich , ' The rise and fall of a physics fraudster ' , Physics World , May 1 , 2009
( CNN ) -- Many Jewish settlers in the West Bank believe the land was promised to them in the Bible by God .
U.S. President Barack Obama has called for a freeze on all building in Israeli settlements in the West Bank .
By that rationale , the thoughts of the U.S. president or even their own leaders means little .
But there is concern among settlers that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu may buckle under pressure from President Obama 's new U.S. administration and freeze the expansion of any settlements in the West Bank or what they refer to by its biblical name , Judea and Samaria .
So far Netanyahu has spoken of his support for the " natural growth " of existing settlements -- putting clear water between himself and the U.S. president .
Netanyahu is scheduled to make a major speech on the peace process on Sunday .
Around 280,000 Jewish settlers live in 121 settlements -- almost 200,000 more live in East Jerusalem , according to the Israeli - based Peace Now group , which wants settlements in the West Bank evacuated so that a two - state solution can be pursued .
But this is land the Palestinians want as a future state with East Jerusalem as its capital .
Critics - both within and beyond Israel - say the settlements are nothing more than a land grab that only complicates the task of achieving a lasting peace ; but many settlers say the West Bank is Jewish land and if Palestinians want to live there they must abide by Israeli law .
David Ha'ivri has lived in the West Bank for almost 20 years and says the U.S. has no right to tell him where to live .
" We have God on our side and we will be able to exist with help or without help of any foreign nation . "
He adds : " The Palestinians are welcome to go and live in their own country on the east of the Jordan river ( meaning Jordan ) , and the Jews have every right to grow and expand on the west side of the Jordan river ( meaning the West Bank ) .
Over the years U.S. administrations have skirted around the issue of settlements , calling for a freeze on activity while tacitly accepting a continuation of building .
Israeli leaders have publicly supported the 2003 road map to peace , which calls for a settlement freeze , but in 2008 , under the leadership of Ehud Olmert , " natural growth " was accommodated .
Settlement growth last year alone was 4.9 % , almost triple that of residential building in Israel itself , according to Israel 's Central Bureau of Statistics .
The era of gentleman 's agreements between Israel and the U.S. appear to be over .
Watch more on living in the settlements »
President Obama cannot be clearer in his call for a freeze on settlement activity and Netanyahu 's policy could put him on a collision course either with the U.S. or with his largely right - wing pro-settler coalition .
Ha 'ivri says : " Netanyahu was elected by the majority of people in Israel because they believed that he'd stand strong for the rights of the Jewish people in the land of Israel and if Netanyahu does not serve that purpose then we will change him with a leader who will . "
Efrat is part of a large settlement block near Bethlehem which , during the presidency of George W. Bush , Israel assumed would remain as part of any future peace deal .
Resident Eve Harow complains that U.S. policy would mean that an illegal outpost , which sometimes consists of a couple of shacks , would be equated with her neighborhood , home to around 7,500 mainly religious Jews .
She believes she needs to be in this area to create a security buffer zone between Israel and the Palestinians , saying , " The threats that face us here , if we pull back from these areas then they will face Tel Aviv .
Sadly Judea and Samaria under the Palestinians will not be a neighbor that wants my existence even in the narrow waist of Tel Aviv , so by being here in Efrat I 'm actually protecting the people of Tel Aviv . "
But the fact remains , Palestinians want the West Bank for their future state ; the Obama administration agrees as does much of the international community .
Israelis remain divided about settlements .
According to recent opinion polls , most agree that a two - state solution is the best path to peace .
But they are divided about the chances of successful negotiations -- as well as the future of settlers of the West Bank .
In order to read or download No To Drugs And Yes To Vegetables ebook , you need to create a FREE account .
eBook includes PDF , ePub and Kindle version
I can't help but think theres got to be more to life than just sleeping and eating ... some higher purpose , y'know ?
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Shishou , Hubei .
The death of a chef triggered a mass protest that finally brought over ten thousand armed police into the town for crackdown .
The dead ’s families along with thousands of people resisted the police and protected the corpse , because they know once the body was taken away , the death would be identified as a suicide and the truth will be lost forever .
Rumor said that the chef , named Tu Yuangao ( 涂远高） ，was killed because he threatened to expose the drug dealings in the hotel after he failed to get his pay .
Now , as more injectors were found inside the burned hotel , Shishou people ’s suspicion grows .
It seems to confirm the rumor that Yong Long hotel has long been used as a den for drug dealers protected by local officials .
A newspaper said
当地还有人士称，事发酒店有公安人员入股。坊间流传最多的是，永隆酒店分别是由三个部门的副职负责人入股，其中有公安局，工商局，还有电力局的负责人。但记者未能证实该消息的真伪。
According to the local people , there are officials in the Public Security bureau holding a stake in the hotel .
The most widely accepted version is that the stake holders are deputies of three departments , including public security , industry and commerce , and electricity .
But the reporter could n’t prove it .
The update was reported by a domestic newspaper , which is the first time that Chinese public media gave so complete a coverage , though it still mentioned nothing about the crackdown .
The reporter also said :
21日晚上11时许，本报记者在出事酒店背面的沙堆上发现一些使用过的注射器以及其包装纸。这些注射器的外形与通常医院做皮试的注射器无异。
22日，记者再次探访酒店时，这些注射器依然未做清理。此时，一些围观的群众也对此进行议论，有几个小孩正拿着手机拍摄，一名家住附近的中年女子认为，“这些都是酒店内部吸毒品所用的工具。 ”
在场的几名市民都对此表示同感，在他们看来，附近没有医院，不可能是医院把这些注射器丢弃在这里，
On 21 , I have found some used injectors and wrappers on the dunes at the back of the hotel .
They were the same as those seen in hospital .
On 22 , when I revisited the hotel the injectors remained there .
People standing by were talking about it , and some kids were filming with their cell phones .
A woman said , ‘ these are all devices for drug abuse . ’
Several people around agreed .
In their view , there is no hospital around the hotel so it ca n’t be medical waste .
Moreover , on 22 June , it was said that people were stunned to find 6 more ( 3 by some source ) corpses in the sewage within the hotel , only with bones left .
Hearing the news , a few thousands of people gathered again outside the hotel after tens of thousand people were dispelled last night by armed police .
The updates first appeared on twitter :
ChangshaNotes : RT @yuzhiquan : 石首新情况：隆酒店周围又围上了四五千人。永隆酒店又发现三具尸体！（消息来源以为当地的网友，前2天提供了不少实时信息，可信度还不错）现在只能半信半疑。 #石首#shishou#
Latest update in Shishou : some 4 , 5 thousand people gathered again outside Yong Long hotel .
Three more corpse were found !
( It is told by a local netizen who provided us with valuable information in these two days .
So it could be trustworthy ) .
It soon turned into two versions :
First , someone saw two corpses in the sewage , and they were later dragged out .
Second , a skeleton was seen inside the hotel .
It was publicly denied by local TV station .
The government asked people not to be instigated by a small group of agitators , but revealed no details about the latest development and has given no explanation .
On 21 , more than ten thousand armed police have reached the corpse and dispelled the crowd .
The corpse was taken away for autopsy and the result will be revealed in 20 days .
The dead ’s families were asked to go talking with the local officials for an agreement of cremation as soon as possible .
It was said that some of his families have agreed .
Another disputable issue is the dead ’s last words written on a payment note .
The ‘ testament ’ , which was a crucial evidence for the police to identify the death as suicide , states :
亲爱的爸爸妈妈：儿子在这里对你们说声不孝了，我也不知道我是怎么了好像有个阴影一直缠着我不放，可能这是我的命吧，我存的那点钱您们拿出用，就当是我对
您二老的一点小小补偿吧，儿子欠您们养育之恩再能来世再报了。还有哥，我们只能来世做兄弟了，爸爸妈妈就交给你们了，请原谅弟弟这样不辞而别。希望你好好
把事业做大。好了就这样吧。不孝儿子。。叩头。
Dear Dad and Mom ,
I am not a good son .
I do n’t know why there is always a shadow with me .
Perhaps that ’s my fate .
My little savings will be for your use , as a kind of compensation .
I can only pay back your love and kindness in my afterlife .
And my dear brother , let ’s be brothers again in our afterlife .
Please take care of our parents .
Please forgive my untold departure .
Hope your business will go well .
All right , that ’s what I want to say .
Your bad son … Kowtow .
But the testament was doubted to be faked .
Blogger Chai Jing（十年砍柴 ）questioned that a man who has not even finished grade school has no way to write such a testament .
短短两百来字的遗书，不但字迹流利顺畅，且行文层次分明，逻辑谨严。有如一 件衙门公文，起承转合皆有。一个准文盲，快要自杀前还如此从容写出这样高水准的遗书？
In 200 short words , the handwriting is good and the structure is clear with good logic .
How could a man who is almost illiterate write out so well - written last words ?
But some of his families agreed that it was indeed his handwriting , though they suggested he might be forced to write down the note .
The battle and resistance has gone far beyond the Shishou town .
The Chinese internet has been put in blackout .
On Fnafou , the ‘ Chinese twitter ’ , if you search for Shishou there returns no result .
But the authority cannot take control of everything .
The official website of Shishou government has been hacked soon after the crackdown , and the hackers even put up a bulletin board on the webpage that everyone can leave a comment there .
The page has been screenshot .
According to the latest update , the twon has been quite again .
But how long will it last is yet unknown .
People who eat lots of soy products have better lung function and are less likely to develop the smoking - associated lung disease COPD ( Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease ) .
A study published in BioMed Central 's open access journal Respiratory Research has shown that consumption of a wide variety of soy products can be associated with a reduction in the risk of COPD and other respiratory symptoms .
Dr. Fumi Hirayama and Professor Andy Lee from Curtin University of Technology , Australia , worked with a team of respiratory physicians to poll 300 patients with COPD from six Japanese hospitals and 340 age - matched control subjects from the same areas as the patients about their soy intake .
Dr. Hirayama said , " Soy consumption was found to be positively correlated with lung function and inversely associated with the risk of COPD .
It has been suggested that flavonoids from soy foods act as an anti-inflammatory agent in the lung , and can protect against tobacco carcinogens for smokers .
However , further research is needed to understand the underlying biological mechanism " .
Soy is a constituent of many Japanese foods , including tofu ( soybean curd ) , natto ( fermented soybeans ) , miso soup ( fermented soybean paste ) , bean sprouts and soy milk .
It has been claimed that soy foods reduce cholesterol and can alleviate menopause symptoms .
This is the first study to demonstrate the association between consumption of the superfood and a reduction in the risk of developing COPD .
COPD is characterized by progressive decline in lung function , and encompasses chronic bronchitis and emphysema .
Long - term cigarette smoking causes almost 90 % of COPD .
This research only shows an association between soy intake and a reduced risk of developing the condition ; the best preventive measure is still to abstain from tobacco entirely .
The U.S. House of Representatives , Committee on Appropriations , approved a supplemental appropriation of $ 470 million toward the Mérida Initiative yesterday .
These funds will pay for three surveillance airplanes and four Blackhawk helicopters that will reinforce anti-narcotics operations .
President Obama submitted a request for $ 66 million for the two Blackhawk helicopters that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton pledged to the Mexican government during her recent visit to the country .
The funding approved by the Committee on Appropriations represents an increase of $ 404 million over the amount initially requested by the White House .
Congress increased the amount insisting on the urgency to address growing violence along the United States - Mexico border by supporting the government ’s war against organized crime and drug - trafficking
Two weeks ago , the Mexican Chamber of Deputies approved a new law that will allow greater power to authorities and expediency in confiscating assets from criminal organizations .
Any opinions expressed in this piece do not necessarily reflect those of Americas Quarterly or its publishers .
Yes , what you ’re looking at is Max Payne 3 .
It ’s not a joke , prank , or whatever you think it is .
Rockstar Games has released a round of new screenshots of the highly anticipated sequel , and it ’s hard to fathom what exactly happened to Max over the years .
Even our buddies at Joystiq could n’t help but draw some comparisons with Uncharted and Resident Evil 5 .
Despite the shock , at least the visuals look good .
Check out the screens below and let us know what you think !
Baron
Hill is in training , working on his jumper , pumping iron , doing rep after tedious rep on the weight machines to strengthen his bum knee .
He swore 15 years ago that he ’d never play competitive basketball again , but here he is at his health club , 55 years old , shooting baskets alone .
Once , he was an Indiana high school legend , a member of the state ’s hall of fame .
Those pictures , though , are in black and white .
Just your typical bourgeois midlife crisis , right ?
Not exactly .
Consider who Hill is — an influential member of the U.S. House of Representatives , co-chairman of the Blue Dog Democrats .
Consider too that the court he ’s on is n’t at a local Y .
He ’s in Room SB - 322 of the Rayburn House Office Building : the famous House gym .
Outside D.C. , Hill ’s new regimen would seem absurd .
In D.C. , it ’s just doing business .
Getting his basketball game up to speed is n’t about him .
Well , that ’s not entirely true .
It ’s somewhat about him , about his own political future .
But it ’s also for the 675,000 citizens of his Indiana district , the people he has been sent here to serve .
The reason he ’s playing basketball is n’t because he wants to be , but because the president of the United States plays basketball .
“ It ’s because of him , ” the five - term Democrat admits .
“ If I ever have an opportunity to play with him , I want to be able to halfway get around that court well enough . ”
At the end of his workout , just like when he was a kid , Hill wo n’t allow himself to leave until he has made 10 straight free throws .
A clarification : Washington actually is two cities .
In one Washington , regular people do things like eat at a restaurant because they like the food .
In the other , citizenship is n’t defined by street address but by connections .
Live next to a powerful senator ?
It means nothing .
Know a powerful senator ?
You ’re in .
The latter D.C. is a lot like junior high :
The student body waits to see what the cool kids do , and the president — no matter who — is the coolest kid .
People eat where he eats ; Obama went to a local burger joint , and now you ca n’t get a table there .
People scheme for the opportunity of a chance encounter .
Parents push their own children to befriend his kids .
They adopt his mannerisms , his catchphrases , even his sports .
Especially his sports .
Clinton played golf , so everyone in D.C. played golf , working angles to share a tee time with him .
Obama , of course , loves all things hoops .
By executive fiat , the White House tennis court is being retrofitted for basketball .
He mentions the game every other speech , including his controversial commencement address at Notre Dame .
There ’s a blog devoted to his on - court exploits called Baller - in - Chief .
His brother - in - law is the coach at Oregon State University .
His friends hoop .
His personal aide , Reggie Love , hooped his way to a college national title at Duke and is the gatekeeper for the presidential game .
The senior staff hoops .
The junior staff hoops .
Four members of the Cabinet hoop .
Wanna guess what comes next ?
There ’s a new prize to be won .
“ What ’s the hottest invite in Washington ? ” former Clinton press secretary Dee Dee Myers asks .
“ Yeah , it ’s great to go to White House state dinners or Stevie Wonder kinds of events .
But what ’s the sine qua non ?
It ’s a pickup game with Obama .
That ’s the inner , inner , inner sanctum .
Proximity is everything in this town .
How close are you to the epicenter ? ”
No one ever feels close enough , so all over town , people are playing hoops , in newly started leagues , in pickup games at private schools , even in Congress .
For people who do n’t spend much time in Washington , the line that most of us would draw between networking and hanging out can be confusing .
The city does n’t really make sense until you understand that a moment there almost always exists on two levels .
There is the moment itself , not unlike a moment anywhere else in the world .
Then there is its political shadow , which is far more significant .
Here ’s an example .
This is the moment : A spring Sunday on the leafy campus of Sidwell Friends School .
In the school ’s gym , a group of middle - aged men — most of whom have been friends for decades — get ready to play basketball .
It ’s Mother ’s Day , so a few regulars are missing , and some guys brought the kids to give Mom a chance to sleep in .
One boy spreads out Legos in the corner .
It ’s a chance for everyone to unwind away from work .
“ Nobody ever talks about what they do , ” Julius Genachowski says .
Who is Julius ?
Exactly .
Julius plays with his son Jake , who ’ll be a senior in high school , and there ’s chemistry between father and son .
On a fast break with the two Genachowskis out in front , Julius passes the ball to Jake , who , being the best player on the floor , easily lays it in .
This is the same moment ’s political shadow :
At the main campus of the exclusive Sidwell Friends School , where Malia Obama is a fifth - grader , a group of Washington ’s political elite gathers .
Some of the usual suspects are missing , including the chairman of the Federal Trade Commission and the vice president for research at the National Defense University , but the game is still overbooked .
Since the election , so many more people want to play with them that they ’ve added a second weekly game .
In addition to running fast breaks , Julius Genachowski is the nominee to head the Federal Communications Commission .
He clerked for two Supreme Court justices and has been friends with the president since they both were students at Harvard Law School .
Off to the side , reading a children ’s book to a small girl to occupy her while her father is in the game , is Richard Danzig , a former secretary of the Navy who some thought would be Obama ’s secretary of defense .
Some think he still will be .
Ken Salazar is secretary of the interior , which means he ’s in charge of a whole bunch of cool stuff , like Yellowstone Park ’s Old Faithful , Lincoln ’s birthplace in Illinois , and the indoor basketball court closest to the White House .
It ’s Tuesday night , and the pickup run is in full swing when he finally gets to the basement of his building .
He has been to three or four states today , so there ’s a bit of stress to burn off .
These games happen twice a week , and because the gym is just four blocks from the White House , folks from there play here , too .
In late February , Obama came over one Saturday morning for a game , taking on Salazar and some of his staff .
Obama & Co. won .
“ We ’ve been asking for a rematch for months , ” says Ray Rivera , head of external and intergovernmental affairs for Interior .
The games are fluid .
There ’s a good energy on the court .
People talk on defense .
When Salazar finally gets in , it ’s obvious he is actually pretty athletic .
He ’s not easy to cover .
Someone yells , “ Who ’s got Secretary ? ”
Other than being addressed by his title , Salazar is treated like everyone else .
Look around at the court right now .
Don Gips , the director of personnel at the White House , is in the game , too , setting devastating picks .
Then another regular , Sen. Bob Casey , D - Pa. , joins in .
So now , on the court at the same time , are a Cabinet secretary , the guy in charge of administration hiring , a U.S. senator … and a bunch of staff members , some of them very junior .
This is the dramatic difference between basketball and golf .
Nobody ’s taking an intern to play golf at Congressional Country Club .
Basketball is much more democratic .
During a break , Casey is talking to scheduler Courtenay Lewis , explaining that she should treat him like anyone else .
“ I fouled you , and you did n’t call it on me , ” he says .
“ Well … ”
“ You should have , ” he says .
Everybody in D.C. has got the fever .
Last December , there was n’t a regular pickup game in the House gym .
By February , lots of congressmen had rediscovered their love for the sport .
Former NFL quarterback Heath Shuler , D - N.C. , is the game ’s “ commish , ” or organizer , and he gets the game rolling almost every morning at 6:30 .
“ Everybody wants to get in on the first administration versus Congress basketball game , ” says Rep. Rick Larsen , D - Wash .
Not long ago , Shuler was at the White House .
The first words out of the president ’s mouth , Shuler remembers , were n’t about health care or foreign policy .
No , Obama led with a question : “ How ’s the pickup basketball coming over there ? ”
But the invites to play with the Baller - in - Chief have been scarce .
Mostly friends and staff — the old Chicago crew .
“ The only thing that ’s changed is we ’re playing at Camp David , ” cracks Secretary of Education Arne Duncan , who has known the president for years .
The secretary and some staff at Interior got a run , as did some old buddies of Love ’s .
Arizona Cardinals QB Kurt Warner got an invitation , as did the mayor of Washington .
Just about everyone else is angling .
Love apparently keeps a list of names in case he needs extras .
If you do n’t have Love ’s extension , there ’s another , more circuitous road .
Play with an Obama confidant — and play really well .
The best baller in Obama ’s Cabinet , without question , is Duncan , who got a tryout with the Boston Celtics and played professionally in Australia .
Duncan plays a lot , but his regular game is on Saturday mornings at the Lab School of Washington .
“ That ’s gotta be the screening game , ” says Matt Laczkowski , a former University of North Carolina walk - on who runs hoops at a swanky D.C. health club .
“ It ’s gotta be . ”
Arthur Jackson , president of a company that runs local youth training camps , is the commish of the Lab School run .
On Thursdays , he sends out an e-mail to a tightly controlled group that includes NFL wide receiver Antwaan Randle El and John Rice , brother of Susan Rice , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations .
The first 15 to reply are in .
Recently , Jackson was approached by the CEO of a nonprofit company , a man who does work on the Hill .
“ I have a business idea , ” he said .
Then the acquaintance laid it all out :
The president and his confidants play hoops , which put people you could never get on the phone in regular games , which made others play hoops , which made the ability to play basketball a legitimate club in the bag of Washington power .
Would Jackson be interested in giving basketball lessons on Capitol Hill ?
“ I think there ’s a big market , ” Jackson now says .
“ The law firms , the lobbyists are gonna want to be able to get into these games .
And they wo n’t want to embarrass themselves once they get out there . ”
The image of a wing - tipped brown - noser learning to execute a crossover is hilarious , of course .
But a lot of people around town , when they stop laughing , say it wo n’t ever happen .
Why ?
If the lessons were n’t totally secret , it would defeat the purpose .
In the Washington where regular people are scarce , the only thing worse than not operating is being caught operating .
Jackson gets that , so he ’s figuring out a way to offer classes firm by firm in a private gym .
He hopes to start executive training in the fall .
From a longer story by Wright Thompson originally published by ESPN.com .
Used with permission .
© 2009 by ESPN , Inc .
All rights reserved .
Welcome to PySnippets
Not just another snippets site !
PySnippets allows you to import online snippets directly from your python code , in one line .
It greatly eases sharing , reusing and distributing code snippets .
Why ?
Code re-use is in a dire state .
Many programmers :
do n't use utility libraries , just to spare users from endlessly installing prerequisites .
refrain from using their own utilities , because distributing them along would be too much trouble .
copy - paste code from other snippet sites , never getting bug - fixes or new features ( and these copy - pasted snippets can last for years ) .
How ?
All you have to do is download the client , and call its get function with the name of your snippet .
The server is structured in such a way to allow the client to find the right snippet .
It then automagically downloads , caches and imports the snippet .
Easy to use , easy to distribute , easy to share .
See below for details .
How does it work ?
PySnippets has two mechanisms :
Server side - A website for uploading snippets .
You can rate them , discuss them , offer some documentation and of - course update to new versions .
Client side - A python module that automagically imports snippets from the web .
Essentially , it downloads the snippets you request to a cache , imports them if they 're already there , and periodically searches for updates .
How do I use a snippet ?
Very simple .
In 3 steps :
Download the client and install it ( just put it in your site - packages until I make a proper installer )
Choose a snippet you want to import ( suppose it 's called antigravity )
In your module , import snippets and use it to import the module
For example :
import snippets antigravity = snippets .
get ( ' antigravity ' ) antigravity .
start ( mode = ' xkcd ' )
Another example :
>>>
X = snippets .
get ( ' x ' ) . X >>> map ( X + 2 , [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] ) [ 3 , 4 , 5 ]
How do I upload a snippet ?
For other examples , check out the pages of X and FileDict , or
Easy .
Create an account at wikidot .
Sorry , authorization is a must , and it 's easy and free .
Create a snippet page by typing its name in the ' Add a new snippet ' box on the sidebar and clicking ' new snippet '
Write a summary about your snippet .
Maybe include usage examples , known bugs , etc .
Anywhere in your page ( probably the end ) , add the string : $ $ latest_version= < ver > $ $ ( where ver can be something like 4 , or 0.1 , or 2.13.4 )
Save the page .
Upload a file to the page ( by clicking on the " files " button in the bottom , and then " upload new file " ) .
The name of the file should be its version number ( probably the one you specified as latest ) with numbers separated by dashes ( like , 0 - 1 , or 2 - 13 - 4 )
( please note that you cannot edit files once they 're uploaded , so try to pay attention .
If you made a mistake , contact me and I 'll help you fix it )
And that 's it !
Your snippet is ready to be imported from every household around the world .
Trust
A major issue with this system is trust .
You have to trust me not to maliciously alter the snippets , and also you have to trust the author of the snippet not to do so .
As a partial solution , uploaded files cannot be altered : Not edited , nor renamed , nor deleted , etc .
So if specify a particular snippet version , it is guaranteed that it will never change ( I may commit changes by request , but I will audit them myself ) .
If you decide to use the latest version of a snippet ( that is , not specify a version ) , please make sure you trust its author .
I will not be held accountable to any damage that may be caused by using snippets in this site .
Solutions to this problem of trust will be welcomed .
On Page Editing
“ I do n’t want you to come kicking in my homeroom door because of something I did n’t do . ”
— Brendan Frye to his vice principal , Brick
Advertisement
In one of his classic Saturday Night Live short films from the mid-’70s , Albert Brooks did a mock - preview of NBC ’s upcoming “ Super Season ” of exciting new replacement shows and specials .
( “ Even a super season has super failures !
That ’s why , at NBC , we ’ve got super replacements ! ” )
Among the many promising offerings , like Black Vet ( a black Vietnam War veteran who ’s also a small - town veterinarian ) or the randy Three ’s Company rip - off The Three Of Us , there ’s a new production of Arthur Miller ’s Death Of A Salesman , performed entirely by children .
Cut to a clip of two youngsters , playing dress - up in baggy clothes and gray wigs , mush - mouthing their way through dialogue intended for actors more than half a century their seniors .
In lesser hands , this could have happened to Brick , Rian Johnson ’s risky attempt to bring the hard - boiled language and plotting of post - war detective fiction to a contemporary high - school setting .
The obvious pitfall would be the embarrassing spectacle of junior Humphrey Bogarts and Veronica Lakes acting like grown - ups ; noir relies on a measure of world - weary cynicism , and even a generation as naturally sarcastic as the younger set might have trouble suggesting that seen - it - all wisdom — or smoking a cigarette properly , for that matter .
The other , related pitfall is taking the gimmick too far and letting the movie - movie artifice overwhelm any authentic emotions or original ideas ; go too heavy with the homage , and you ’ve got a smart - alecky curiosity , not a movie .
Advertisement
Johnson threads the needle a hundred different ways , but before getting into all the little things he gets right , here ’s how the concept pays off :
The common denominator between crime fiction and high school is a mood of heightened emotion obscured by a thin veneer of cool .
There ’s never a time in a person ’s life where they feel things more intensely than in high school , nor is there a time when they labor as hard to keep those feelings under wraps .
By evoking the stylized , rat - a - tat dialogue of vintage Dashiell Hammett detective novels — with words like “ yeggs ” ( guys ) , “ heel ” ( walk away ) , “ jake ” ( drugs ) , “ shamus ” ( detective ) , et al . — Johnson finds a new way to suggest teenagers ’ capacity for couching their real problems in language .
He also raises the stakes : Crime fiction deals with matters of life and death , and if that is n’t literally true of adolescence , it certainly feels that way to those on the inside .
So by introducing a dead body into the equation , Johnson provides an incident that justifies that level of intensity .
The biggest reason Brick does n’t turn into Death Of A Salesman performed by children ?
The casting of Joseph Gordon - Levitt , one of the most gifted young actors of his generation , in the lead role .
I ’ve sung Gordon - Levitt ’s praises in these virtual pages before , when I talked up his wrenching performance as a sexually abused kid turned reckless gay hustler in Gregg Araki ’s Mysterious Skin .
He plays another emotionally wounded outsider in Brick , but of an entirely different stripe — more introverted and guarded , more in control of his situation , and obviously more verbally dexterous .
There ’s pain and loss lingering behind his eyes , but he ’s the Sam Spade of this movie , so outwardly , he has to project confidence , intelligence , and a drive to get to the bottom of a mystery .
It ’s a remarkably subtle , accomplished performance , even before you get to the tricky technical problem of mastering the retro gumshoe dialogue in Johnson ’s screenplay .
Advertisement
The haunting opening shot finds Gordon - Levitt ’s character , Brendan Frye , quietly assessing the dormant body of his former girlfriend Emily ( Emilie De Ravin ) as it lies facedown in the water outside a sewage tunnel .
Cut to two days earlier , when Brendan finds a note in his locker beckoning him to a street - corner pay phone and arrives to get an agitated call from Emily , whom he has n’t seen in two months .
Rumor around school has it that Emily has been running with a bad crowd , so when she turns up dead , Brendan hides the body in the tunnel and conducts his own investigation .
His only real friend is “ The Brain ” ( Matt O’Leary ) , a bespectacled egghead who ’s good at keeping an ear to the ground and sketching in the gaps in Brendan ’s investigation .
In this early scene , Brendan and “ The Brain ” speak in a kind of shorthand that ’s common to old friends — and a prime example of Johnson ’s gloriously ornate dialogue :
Advertisement
As Brendan pokes around looking for answers , he has to infiltrate the treacherous social strata that make up high - school life , and figure out the connections between them :
There ’s Laura ( Nora Zehetner ) , an “ upper- crust ” femme fatale given to wearing the silky cheongsam dresses favored by Maggie Cheung in In The Mood For Love ; Dode ( Noah Segan ) , a back - of - the - building drug addict who may have provided Emily with the hook - up ; Brad Bramish ( Brian White ) , a football non -star who ’s considered the biggest source on campus ; Tugger ( Noah Fleiss ) , a perpetually angry enforcer who ’s more than just dumb muscle ; and at the top of the food chain , The Pin ( Lukas Haas ) , a lanky , insinuating drug kingpin who ’s like the gravitational force around which everyone else orbits .
In a way , they ’re all responsible for Emily ’s demise , just as a student ’s high - school experience comes from his entire class .
And Brendan , a kid given to eating his sack lunches in isolation behind the school , either refuses to fit into the caste system , or has long since been exiled from it .
With his hero going chin - first into his investigation , Johnson strikes the perfect balance between Brendan the old - fashioned , tough - talking gumshoe and Brendan the insecure , lonely teenager .
Whenever he throws himself into the procedural , Brendan very much looks the part :
He ’s relentless , resourceful , and more than a little pugnacious , fully prepared to take a few punches if it means getting to that next step .
( He ’s also , for a scrawny kid , a real scrapper : Matched against guys twice his size , like Brad Bramish , he can improvise a quick pop to the jaw or a cheap shot at the ankles . )
At the same time , he ’s having to deal with the loss of the woman he loves , and what he might have been able to do to save her .
Based on the few but crucial flashback scenes between Brendan and Emily , it ’s clear that he ’s extremely protective of her but she feels suffocated by their relationship , and there ’s ultimately nothing he could have done to prevent her fate .
But this is cold comfort for Brendan ; he may be relieved of any sense of responsibility for her death , but the rejection still stings , and solving the mystery wo n’t bring her back or salve the pain .
Advertisement
Johnson and Gordon - Levitt are smart to play Brendan ’s troubles straight , but that does n’t keep Brick from having a little fun .
For one , Johnson knows how to spin a deliciously knotty yarn — his follow - up , The Brothers Bloom , is even more densely orchestrated , often to its detriment — and the film yields plenty of revelations on repeat viewings for those who pay close enough attention .
He also seizes on the comic juxtaposition of kids acting like adults from ’ 50s crime fiction , yet still existing in a contemporary world , one with adults like the vice principal ( Richard Roundtree ! ) and The Pin ’s oblivious mother .
Had Johnson overplayed this card and gotten too cute with his baby noir , it would have been impossible to take his hero ’s plight seriously , and the film ’s potential for empty gimmickry would have taken over .
As it stands , there are hilariously incongruous scenes like this one , where Brendan and The Pin surface for an afternoon snack .
( My favorite detail :
The cookie centered on a napkin in front of The Pin .
Sort of undermines his badass persona . )
Advertisement
Shot in 20 days for roughly half a million dollars — a shoestring budget that ’s more astonishing when you consider that Johnson chose to shoot in 35 mm instead of crappy DV — Brick is a precocious debut feature , making the most out of few locations and the inexpensive marvels of plotting and dialogue .
( Surprisingly enough , The Brothers Bloom reveals Johnson to be a comic formalist of the Wes Anderson school , though there ’s little sign of that here . )
Even the score , by Johnson ’s cousin , Nathan , has a wonderful homemade quality , like a pots- and - pans Ennio Morricone orchestration .
Devotees may return to Brick primarily to sort out the whos , whats , and whys , or perhaps just to savor Johnson ’s flair for arcane language .
But there ’s a real soul to it , too , with the crime - fiction elements underlining the everyday perils of getting through high school .
A lot of teenagers wonder if they ’ll get make it through adolescence alive ; Brick has the inspired idea of taking that thought literally .
Coming Up :
Next week : Team America : World Police
June 4 : Code Unknown
June 11 : Trust *
June 18 : Quick Change
* After I put Trust on the schedule , it came to my attention that it is n’t available on Region - 1 DVD .
I initially thought of going with another Hal Hartley , like Amateur or Henry Fool , but I ’ve decided to let this one stand .
For those interested in playing along at home , it ’s available on Netflix Instant Viewing and plain old videocassette .
Like it or not , our planet is stuck with leftover plastic from years of oblivious consumption and waste .
But rather than complain about the pile up , why not take the matter into your own hands ?
Richard Liddle , of UK - based Cohda Design , did just that .
He found a way to use trash to create something new and useful .
Liddle took 100 % recycled plastic trash , crushed it in a machine he specifically invented for the process , then re-heated it and formed it into a long , noodly strip .
He wrapped the strip ( by hand ) around and in and through some sort of cast model ( think plaster of paris ) , let it dry and voila – the RD ( Roughly Drawn ) Legs Chair was born .
No glues or additional anythings were used so it can be recycled again and again ” ¦possibly never to enter a landfill .
There were previous versions , in red , black , green , purple and mustard yellow , created in limited numbers , and all one of a kind .
A few are still available for purchase .
Email or call Cohda Design for more information or to purchase , as well as check Branch for availability .
Of course , we always say choose anything over plastic , any chance you get , but now rather than complaining about the past , let ’s hear it for Richard Liddle and other innovative designers willing to push the envelope .
Microsoft , acknowledging its weakness in the web search market , plans a major ad campaign and rebrand for its Live Search product this Spring , essentially mounting an ad war against Google and Yahoo .
While the name of the new challenger has yet to be confirmed , an AdAge article published today suggests the rebrand might include a name change to " Bing " , along with an $ 80 to $ 100 million ad campaign .
Google , by comparison , spent a total of $ 25 million on ads in 2008 .
Ads will appear on the web , TV , radio , newspapers and magazines .
AdAge writes :
People with knowledge of the planned push said the ads wo n't go after Google , or Yahoo for that matter , by name .
Instead , they 'll focus on planting the idea that today 's search engines do n't work as well as consumers previously thought by asking them whether search ( aka Google ) really solves their problems .
That , Microsoft is hoping , will give consumers a reason to consider switching search engines , which , of course , is one of Bing 's biggest challenges ....
Indeed , data show that about 65 % of people are satisfied or very satisfied with online search .
But Microsoft sees an opening on its own proprietary search data : 42 % of searches require refinement , and 25 % of clicks are the back button .
We 'd like to think that what matters in search is the results :
Google wins simply because it provides a better experience , serving up the information we want faster and with less effort than rival search engines .
Ads versus Better Products
Microsoft has enjoyed success with recent ad campaigns : the " Laptop Hunters " ads have lowered young people 's value perception of the Apple brand while increasing the perception that PCs offer good value , AdAge reported previously .
This hit , however , followed a major flop with Microsoft 's " Seinfeld " ads .
And yet the Laptop Hunter ads highlighted Apple 's weakness at a time of economic struggle : Apple products are indeed more expensive ( although Mac supporters would argue that they still offer greater value ) .
By contrast , to make the case that Microsoft 's new search engine is somehow better than Google - a feat they 're unlikely to achieve any time soon - is essentially misinformation .
Can Microsoft advertise its way out of its web search rut ?
It seems unlikely .
Hundreds of Palestinian patients have been trapped in the Gaza Strip , unable to travel abroad for crucial treatment for cancer and other diseases , because of political infighting between Hamas and its rival secular faction , Fatah .
Eight Gazans who were waiting to travel abroad have died since the crisis began in March , when the dispute shut down a medical referral committee that helps sick residents find treatment outside of Gaza , according to the World Health Organization .
Health Minister Rants Hamas health minister : Israel blackmailing patients Ali Waked Dr. Bassem Naim meets with Scottish delegation in Gaza , accuses Israel of using Palestinian patients seeking medical treatment to get information on Palestinian groups ' operatives Hamas health minister : Israel blackmailing patients
In response , the West Bank government , which funds medical treatment for Palestinians abroad , froze most patient transfers .
On Monday , there was hope for a resolution .
Hamas health minister Basim Naim announced the restoration of the referral committee , which Hamas ' rival , Fatah , had controlled but Hamas shut down in March .
The committee would resume coordinating medical treatment abroad .
But Hamas has reservations and has asked mediating independent health workers to find new committee members both sides can agree on , said senior health official Yousef Mudalal .
The IDF has also begun to coordinate entries into Israel , but has demanded that any patients previously under the care of Gaza 's humanitarian organizations coordinate their entry through the referral committee .
The organizations claim this will prolong the patients ' waiting period .
Ten - year - old Ribhi Jindiyeh , ill with lymphoma ( Photo : AP )
Rights activists say the political differences are jeopardizing people 's lives .
" They are playing with the lives of people and their pain .
There 's a complete absence of responsibility , " said Khalil Shaheen of the Palestinian Center for Human Rights .
The Israeli branch of Physicians for Human Rights , working with the Palestinian Center for Human Rights , has managed to get 35 patients out of Gaza for treatment since the committee collapsed , said Ran Yarom of PHR .
But the groups say they do n't have the resources to do the committee 's job .
The PHR also stated that the IDF has demanded the referral committee take charge of 78 cases , including 31 patients requiring life - saving or eye - saving surgery , 17 cancer patients , 15 cardiology patients , and several patients who require organ transplants .
" From the moment the referrals were brought to the IDF it should have taken responsibility for them , " the PHR said in a statement .
The organization also demanded the army complete treatment of the referrals it had been responsible for and prevent further bureaucratic delays .
" The army told us that it was n't urgent and that lives were n't at stake , and that there is a difference between life endangerment and quality of life .
Maybe for the army loss of sight is just a matter of quality of life , " the statement said .
' He might be dying before my eyes '
The crisis compounds the challenges facing Gaza 's medical system .
Hospitals use aging equipment and suffer from low medicine supplies .
And in late January , the West Bank government halted payments for medical care in Israel , saying the treatment was too expensive .
Fatah health officials said they would only pay for Gaza residents to obtain cheaper medical care in Egypt .
Ten - year - old Ribhi Jindiyeh , a lymphoma patient , lies in bed at home , skinny and jaundiced , too weak to move .
He underwent chemotherapy last year in an Israeli hospital , and when he returned home in January , he seemed better .
But in March , he began urinating blood .
Gaza doctors can't find the problem and give him infusions every two days to keep him alive .
" Nobody here knows why he is losing so much blood , but nobody can refer us to a hospital abroad , either , " his mother , Nevine , 38 , said .
Another son , 4 - year - old Yehia , was diagnosed with lymphoma in March .
" I want everybody to help my son — Israel , Fatah , Hamas , whoever , " Nevine said .
" If they can't help a sick child , who can they help ?
They should all pack up their bags and go home . "
In Gaza City , 12 - year - old Mohammed Zibdeh , a brain cancer patient , waits for a permit to travel , breathing with the assistance of a ventilator device in his throat .
Last year , doctors in an Israeli hospital worked to shrink his brain tumor with chemotherapy .
Now Zibdeh has constant headaches , and his father , Riyad , 48 , fears the tumor is growing back .
" I can't help him , and he might be dying before my own eyes , " he said .
Related Document See the April 29 indictment
Nebraska philanthropist Terrance K. Watanabe pleaded not guilty Wednesday to felony charges of theft and passing bad checks in connection with $ 14.7 million in gambling debts .
Watanabe , 52 , made the plea during an arraignment in justice court .
Earlier this week through his Las Vegas attorney , David Chesnoff , Watanabe accused Caesars Palace and the Rio , both Harrah 's properties , of plying him with alcohol and , at Caesars Palace , prescription painkillers as his losses mounted .
Watanabe , whose wealth comes from the Omaha - based Oriental Trading Co. , has said he was kept in a constant state of intoxication by resort employees in the late months of 2007 , which is a violation of state gaming regulations .
Nevada gaming regulations prohibit casinos from allowing " visibly intoxicated " players to continue to gamble .
Watanabe 's court apperance lasted only minutes and his attorney did most of the talking .
Watanabe spoke only to say he understood the charges against him , to spell his name and to enter his plea .
He left the Regional Justice Center flanked by his attorneys and a woman identified as his sister .
Watanabe faces the possibility of probation or up to 16 years in prison if convicted .
In 2007 , he lost $ 112 million at Harrah 's casinos , including $ 94.1 million at Caesars Palace and $ 12.2 million at the Rio , Chesnoff has said .
With the exception of the $ 14.7 million in dispute , all of that money was paid back to the casinos through wire transfers , Chesnoff said .
A Watanabe attorney declined to comment on the case Wednesday , referring to a statement he released days ago about the case .
Trial is scheduled for Nov. 16 .
Caesars Palace Transport yourself to the opulent and excessive Roman Empire at Caesars Palace .
But the ever - changing Caesars Palace is far from ancient .
The hotel and casino is constantly raising the bar for what visitors can expect in a Vegas resort experience .
Caesars Palace features 3,348 rooms and suites in five towers , including the new luxury boutique Nobu Hotel and Restaurant , which opened Feb. 4 , 2013 , in the totally remodeled Centurian Tower .
Caesars features 129,000 square feet of gaming space , including the Strip ’s largest poker room and a 250 - seat sports book .
Other amenities include about two dozen restaurants , a four - level shopping mall , four pools , a spa , Pure and Poetry nightclubs and Pussycat Dolls .
Dining options include restaurants from world - renown chefs Guy Savoy , Wolfgang Puck , Bobby Flay , Gordon Ramsay and , on Feb.
4 , 2013 , Nobu Matsuhisa .
You never know what characters you ’ll run into at Caesars with regular performers like Jerry Seinfeld , Bette Midler , Elton John and maybe even the emperor himself .
3570 S. Las Vegas Boulevard Las Vegas , NV 89109 702-731-7110
Jedi Knights such as Yoda use the Force to battle the evil Empire
Eight police officers serving with Scotland 's largest force listed their official religion as Jedi in voluntary diversity forms , it has emerged .
Strathclyde Police said the officers and two of its civilian staff claimed to follow the faith , which features in the Star Wars movies .
The details were obtained in a Freedom of Information request by Jane 's Police Review .
Strathclyde was the only force in the UK to admit it had Jedi officers .
In the Star Wars films , Jedi Knights such as Luke Skywalker , Obi-Wan Kenobi and Yoda use the Force to battle the evil Darth Vader , who has strayed to the dark side .
Jane 's Police Review editor Chris Herbert , who requested the information , said : " The Force appears to be strong in Strathclyde Police with their Jedi police officers and staff .
" Far from living a long time ago in a galaxy far , far away , some members of the noble Jedi order have now chosen Glasgow and its surrounding streets as their home . "
Provided voluntarily
A spokeswoman for Strathclyde Police confirmed : " At the time of the request , 10 ( eight police officers and two police staff ) had recorded their religion as Jedi . "
She added that the force monitored " six strands of diversity " - age , disability , gender , race , religion and belief , and sexual orientation .
The force said the information was provided voluntarily and securely stored .
About 390,000 people listed their religion as Jedi in the 2001 Census for England and Wales .
In Scotland the figure was a reported 14,000 .
The Office for National Statistics did not recognise it as a separate category , and incorporated followers of Jedi with atheists .
Last year , brothers Barney and Daniel Jones founded the UK Church of the Jedi - which offered sermons on the Force , light sabre training , and meditation techniques .
Strathclyde Police employs 8,200 police officers and 2,800 civilian staff .
A recent study documented the discovery of 100 - 200 new amphibian species in Madagascar .
[ social_buttons ]
One of the researchers , Dr. Miguel Vences , stated : “ People think that we know which plant and animal species live on this planet .
But the century of discoveries has only just begun – the majority of life forms on Earth is still awaiting scientific recognition . ”
The large numbers of new species counted by the 15 year inventory suggest the number of species in Madgascar , has been underestimated significantly .
( A great gallery of some of the frogs . )
Unfortunately , the rate of rainforest destruction there threatens animal life increasingly .
In what may seem like a complete paradox , species are being being scientifically discovered for the first time , while they are being killed by widespread destruction like deforestation .
Also in Madagascar many wild frogs are eaten by the local people .
A researcher named Richard Jenkins recently conducted a five month survey of hunters who delivered frogs to an eastern Madagascar restaurant .
Over 3,000 frogs were taken to the restaurant and sold for consumption during the survey period .
To see more amphibians in Madagascar , see Dr. Vences beautiful slideshow .
Image Credit : Dr. Miguel Vences
Before we started work on the 10th annual Independent on Sunday Pink List , we asked ourselves again whether we should be doing it at all .
After all , in 2009 , equal rights are enshrined in law and there are ‘ out ’ gay men and women at the top of every profession - or rather , they might argue , just men and women at the top of their professions .
So , is the list anachronistic ?
Is it patronising to gay people ?
We feared it might be - and went in search of a leading gay or lesbian figure to say so .
None of those we contacted wanted to .
Their verdict ?
The Pink List remains indispensable , a celebration of a community that is integral to the British way of life .
On the 40th anniversary of the Stonewall riots - and in the week when the National Portrait Gallery launches a major new exhibition of Gay Icons , this list is a celebration of those people who have struggled to get us from there to here .
As such , you wo n’t see anyone “ outed ” in these pages .
If you do n't see someone you think should be on the list , it may be that they have asked not to appear .
It is also possible that - believe it or not - we have erred and they have been overlooked .
Defining " influential " is , of course , a tricky , highly personal and often capricious process , and many of you will disagree with the results .
Good !
When we first ran the list in 2000 , we featured 50 people , and ran them alphabetically .
These days , in the unashamed hope of garnering a little more controversy , we rank them , a rather difficult task : and we ’ve thrown in a couple of non-Brits , too , on the basis that they stay here , and contribute so much to the life of the nation .
Were we right to do so ?
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Please send your suggestions and your criticisms to : sundayletters@independent.co.uk , or post them in the comments form below .
Maybe you can change the shape of next year ’s list .
Or maybe next year , the list of influential , openly gay people at the top of society will be so long that we ’ll have to post it entirely online .
Click on the image ( right ) to see the full list .
1 ( last year 's rating 64 ) Peter Mandelson
First Secretary of State ; Secretary of State for Business , Innovation and Skills ; Lord President of the Council
Where do we start ?
At the time of last year 's Pink List he was a mere EU Trade Commissioner planning his summer holiday in Corfu .
Unknown to all of us he had already had talks with Gordon Brown about a return to Government .
Then came the yachting adventure with Oleg Deripaska and George Osborne .
Last October , he was recalled to the Cabinet , as Business Secretary , in the biggest surprise to hit Westminster since John Major and Edwina Currie .
Earlier this month he rescued Brown by persuading fellow Cabinet ministers not to quit ; he was rewarded with the extra title of First Secretary of State – Deputy Prime Minister in all but name .
This week , he will help to launch a plan to help Britain recover from recession .
Mandelson , 55 , refuses to discuss his private life , and has never officially come out – meaning that he has been criticised by some gay men and women for his lack of support .
But there was no debate about promoting Lord Mandelson 63 places to Number 1 : he 's not only the most powerful gay man in Britain , but arguably the most powerful individual in the country .
' City bosses must lead the way to greater diversity '
" It 's still difficult in the City to come out .
In the media and arts , where people wear jeans and roll their sleeves up , there 's a much easier environment .
One of the reasons that I am so outspoken is that every time I 'm quoted I get several emails saying , ' you 've given me more confidence ' .
Chief executives and chairmen need to show leadership , and not leave diversity issues to the human resources departments .
They need to say that diversity is important .
However , where the City has got to now , as opposed to even three years ago , has been a huge improvement .
About five or six years ago , big corporates and some of the smaller firms were involved in ' the war for best talent ' – about getting the best staff .
They could n't afford to ignore talent , be they gay , black , women , disabled or over 60 .
Legislation is n't always the way .
The Equal Pay Act was introduced in the 1970s , but are women really paid the same as men in the City ? "
Ashley Steel ( No 62 )
Stonewall : A Greenwich Village riot that signalled it was time to fight back
Activists still disagree as to whether it was a gay man , a lesbian or a transsexual who threw the first blow on 28 June 1969 at the Stonewall Inn in Greenwich Village , New York City .
The consensus of those who were there that night during yet another shakedown of a small gay bar by the New York Police Department is that it was probably a lesbian who reacted , hitting her harasser with a drag queen 's shoe and later wrestling her way out of a policeman 's arms .
The police swiftly lost control of the situation as an angry crowd of gay Village residents gathered to protest .
But the Stonewall Riot , as it came to be known , was not about the first blow .
Rather it signalled that it was time to fight back .
The Sixties in America was the decade of counterculture , for black people , for women , for the young .
The drag queens , rent boys and butch dykes , as well as the closeted gay men in suits at the Stonewall Inn , were n't going to be left behind .
In a decade of upheaval they finally demanded to be treated the same as everyone else .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Back in 1969 , gay people were cowed in this country too .
It was less than two years since homosexual acts had been decriminalised .
Metropolitan Police officers , no longer able to supplement their income by blackmailing well - off gay men , were still happy to arrest them for holding hands or kissing in public , an abuse of public money which continued for another 25 years .
But , at last , other gay people , somewhere , had demonstrated that we could fight back .
Stonewall 's capacity to inspire endured .
In 1989 , a group of British activists – including Ian McKellen , Michael Cashman , Lisa Power and Olivette Cole - Wilson – decided they too had had enough and formed a lobbying group .
The trigger was Section 28 , which banned the " promotion " of homosexuality by local authorities .
The group was named Stonewall .
Ben Summerskill ( No 40 )
Landmark moments
1969 Stonewall riots :
Heavy - handed policing in New York sparked several days of unrest ( see above ) .
1971 Legalising homosexuality : Austria , Costa Rica and Finland among first states to decriminalise gay sex .
1974 Homosexuals not insane : Research by Evelyn Hooker and Alfred Kinsey for American Psychiatric Association led to ending of view of being gay as a mental disorder .
1978 Gay pride : Rainbow flag first used as symbol of pride .
1993 Brookside : First British TV show to feature a lesbian kiss .
1994 Age reduced : UK cuts age of consent from 21 to 18 .
1997 Political pride : Chris Smith became first openly gay Cabinet minister .
1999 Fathers ' progress : Barrie Drewitt and Tony Barlow became first British same - sex couple to register as parents when they fathered twins through a US surrogate mum .
2000 Your country needs you : UK lifts ban on gay people in the armed forces .
Age of consent is lowered to 16 .
2004 Religious revolt : Canon Jeffrey John 's appointment as Bishop of Reading shelved over evangelical opposition .
Feb 2009
Warm reception : Johanna Sigurdardottir becomes first openly lesbian national leader when she 's elected Iceland 's premier .
' I was in the closet while I played basketball .
Then , you could be fired in 28 states for being gay '
" Over my years as a player in the National Basketball Association in the States , I spent much of my time in the locker - room shaking my head , watching straight teammates do things that made me ask , ' And I 'm the gay one ? '
In Europe especially , the increasing metrosexuality of male sports stars means all things gay are ever - present and often co-opted – the first time I saw shorts like those Cristiano Ronaldo and Rio Ferdinand wore on holiday recently was Gay Pride float in Manchester .
" Indeed , much of the manufactured taboo about gay people in sports is due to the highly homoerotic nature of male team sports – just look at the next goal celebration .
The blame for the lack of ' out ' sportspeople is usually laid on the fans on the terraces ( read : working classes ) and " urban sportsmen " ( read black athletes ) .
To suggest there are no bigots is a lie , but to lay the blame here alone is a mistake .
" Increasingly , it 's only the managers , coaches and club executives who believe that ' showering with a gay person ' is likely to cause a rift in the dressing - room .
I was ' out ' to my teammates , even if it was a very unsatisfying ' do n't ask , do n't tell , do n't bring your boyfriend round ' arrangement .
And gay athletes in the UK have told me of agreeable relationships with straight teammates .
" It 's easy to fool ourselves that there are no gay or lesbian people in sport .
There was an illustrious list of closeted athletes for many years during my time in the NBA , and I was one of them .
I had fears about being out to the public while I played .
But far worse than the fear of being verbally or physically abused was the fact that , at the time , you could be fired in 28 states for being gay ( it 's now 20 ) .
The idea that I – the only British NBA player at the time – could lose my job because of my sexuality was something I could n't risk , that I should n't have to risk .
" My one regret now at not coming out while I played is that I believe I would have been a better player – the energy I used to protect my secret could have been used to better my basketball . "
John Amaechi ( No 60 )
Contributors : Damian Barr ; Kate Bassett ; Brian Brady ; Hugo Eyre- Varnier ; Janine Fotiadis- Negreponte ; Susannah Frankel ; Jenny Gilbert ; Katy Guest ; Mike Higgins ; Mark Leftly ; Jane Merrick ; Hugh Montgomery ; Marc Padgett ; Anna Picard ; John Rentoul ; Simmy Richman ; Ben Summerskill ; Peter Victor ; Harriet Walker
Read previous year 's lists :
The Pink List 2008
The Pink List 2007
The Pink List 2006
The first ever IoS Pink List in 2000
Contributors : Damian Barr ; Kate Bassett ; Hugo Eyre-Varnier ; Janine Fotiadis- Negreponte ; Susannah Frankel ; Jenny Gilbert ; Katy Guest ; Mike Higgins ; Mark Leftly ; Jane Merrick ; Hugh Montgomery ; Marc Padgett ; Anna Picard ; John Rentoul ; Simmy Richman ; Ben Summerskill ; Peter Victor ; Harriet Walker
Get a daily rundown of the top stories on Urban Milwaukee
After a recent weekend trip to take in three Milwaukee Brewers games in St. Louis versus the rival St. Louis Cardinals , I spent a significant time reflecting on the differences ( and similarities ) between the stadiums each team calls home .
Miller Park is located 3.2 miles from Milwaukee City Hall , while Busch Stadium is located 1/5th ( 0.2 ) of a mile from the iconic Arch .
Miller Park has the roof , Busch Stadium has the view .
Busch Stadium has the proposed Ballpark Village , Miller Park has its own sales tax .
Miller Park has gameday bus service , Busch Stadium is located on a light rail line .
And least important for the sake of this analysis , they each have their namesake beer .
With all of that considered , which stadium does more for the city ?
The comparison is worthwhile to make as the size of the St. Louis and Milwaukee markets are quite similar .
Greater St. Louis has a 2007 estimated population of 2,871,421 .
Greater Milwaukee has a 2007 estimated population of 1,739,497 .
Missouri has an estimated population of approximately 5,900,000 , and is home to the Kansas City Royals as well .
The population of Wisconsin is estimated near 5,600,000 .
The markets are extremely similar in size when taking the state population into consideration .
Furthermore , both stadiums are located in Midwest , making them subject to colder starts and finishes to the season than say the Houston Astros .
Stadium Location
Busch Stadium is located in downtown St. Louis .
Almost every seat in the stadium has a view of a part of the skyline and the Gateway Arch .
The stadium is currently bordered by a few surface parking lots , garages , and hotels .
A few of those surface parking lots will become buildings as the mixed - use Ballpark Village is developed .
There are numerous hotels within walking distance of the stadium , many closer than the surface lots of Miller Park .
The St. Louis light rail system , Metrolink , runs right by the stadium with a stop conveniently labeled “ Station ” within a stones throw .
I - 64 is immediately adjacent to the stadium .
Miller Park is located three miles west of downtown Milwaukee along I - 94 .
The stadium is surrounding on literally every side by surface parking lots , some stretching as far as a half mile from the stadium .
If the roof is open , and you ’re in the top level of the stadium , there is a chance you could catch a glimpse of the US Bank Center , the tallest building in Wisconsin .
The nearest attraction is the Potawatami Casino , and there is n’t a hotel within walking distance .
The 90 bus line runs from Downtown starting two hours before the game , but must contend with traffic waiting to park once it leaves Wisconsin Avenue .
Both stadiums are not the first iteration at their given location .
County Stadium preceded Miller Park , and Busch Memorial Stadium preceded Busch Stadium .
Cost and Ownership
Busch Stadium had a final cost of $ 365 million when it opened in 2006 .
Of that cost , $ 45 million ( 12 % ) came from a long - term loan from St. Louis County .
Private financing came in the tune of $ 90.1 million in cash from the Cardinals , $ 200.5 in bonds paid by the team , and $ 9.2 million in interest earned on the construction fund the Cardinals held .
The stadium has a seating capacity of 46,861 and is owned by the St. Louis Cardinals .
The stadium does not have a roof , or its own named expressway .
I was unable to determine who paid for the cost overruns of $ 20.2 million .
Miller Park had a final cost of $ 400 million when it opened in 2001 .
The Brewers owners ( led by the Seligs at the time ) paid for 22.5 percent ( $ 90 million ) .
The taxpayers of Milwaukee , Racine , Waukesha , Washington , and Ozaukee Counties are still paying ( with a 2014 estimated ending date ) a 0.1 % sales tax to cover 77.5 % of the costs ( $ 310 million ) .
The stadium has a seating capacity of 43,000 and is owned in a partnership between the Southeastern Wisconsin Professional Baseball District ( 64 percent ) and the Milwaukee Brewers ( 36 percent ) .
The stadium features a fan - shaped retractable roof .
The location of the stadium necessitates the construction and maintenance of Miller Park Way and the interchange with I - 94 , an expense I ’m not sure is fully internalized in the cost of the stadium .
The most obvious difference between the two ballparks is the percentage of public financing .
Busch Stadium was 12 % taxpayer funded , Miller Park was 77.5 % .
Why was this ?
The biggest aspect appears to be the team ’s ability to pay .
The Cardinals had been banking money for years for a new stadium , while the Brewers , led by Bud Selig , did not have nearly the ability to pay what the Cardinals did .
Ironically , the Brewers were able to obtain the retractable roof , despite having less money to start with than the Cardinals .
The second most important factor in the funding for Milwaukee ’s stadium appears to be the elected leaders , who were willing to go along with the Brewers plan ( ultimately leading to a recall election and defeat for Senator George Petak of Racine ) .
A downtown stadium without a roof could have shaved at least $ 80 million from the sales tax burden , as the city could have offered TIF financing at least near $ 30 million and the retractable roof ’s cost of $ 50 million would have been eliminated .
Accessibility via Transit
As mentioned , Busch Stadium is next door to the Stadium Metrolink light - rail station , with connections to the airport , Illinois , and western St. Louis .
The station platform is packed after games , but I was unable to find ridership figures or estimates for gameday traffic .
The system itself handles about 60,000 riders a day .
The station is located along a standard route , encouraging familiarity and predictability with taking public transit to the stadium .
Unfortunately , a bus was n’t anywhere to be found during my stay in St. Louis as a referendum was voted down in November and as a result bus service was reduced by nearly a third .
In Milwaukee , the MCTS ’s 90 bus route serves the bus starting two hours before the game .
Having ridden both after a game , there are significantly more people waiting to take the Metro .
The 90 bus only serves riders from downtown Milwaukee and along Wisconsin Avenue , unlike the St. Louis Metrolink line .
The gameday - only nature of the 90 bus also is rather confusing to many riders who are n’t familiar with the route .
The ride into the stadium is also far from smooth , as the bus must compete with stop and go traffic , from automobiles waiting to get into Miller Park parking lots , once the bus leaves Wisconsin Avenue .
There are many times where getting out of the bus and walking from the edge of the parking lots would be much faster than waiting to get dropped off at the front doors .
Edge to St. Louis and Busch Stadium for frequency of service , quality of service , areas for rides to originate , off - bus ticketing ( a problem on buses for visitors ) , and predictability / reliability of service .
Accessibility via Car
Both stadiums are readily accessible by car .
Milwaukee is clearly more accessible by motor vehicle by virtue of the fact that there is nothing around it , making it ease for riders to find the one interstate exit to the stadium ( conveniently labeled Miller Park Way ) .
Busch Stadium is served by multiple exits , but the large number of one - way streets in downtown St. Louis seem to induce rush hour congestion where none needs to be .
Overall , the traffic flow near Busch Stadium , despite the massive amount of pedestrian traffic , seems to flow just fine .
Spillover Effect
What does each do for businesses , both nearby and far away ?
Busch Stadium provides obviously a large boost for the hotels in the surrounding area , perhaps more measurable than Miller Park because of the immediate proximity .
There are also numerous vendors selling goods outside the stadium , something you do n’t see at Miller Park .
On the flip side , grocery stores across the state of Wisconsin benefit marginally from the food sales generated by tailgating .
Numerous Brewer fans end up on Water Street and Bluemound Road after games , but not in the numbers that Cardinals fans show up in Laclede ’s Landing to drink their In - Bev beers .
Perhaps the most disappointing aspect of Busch Stadium was the lack of restaurants near the stadium .
There were a couple , but not in the number I would expect an urban stadium to bring .
Nothing like what is visible at Wrigley and Fenway .
Ballpark Village will hopefully ignite a process that brings a large amount of street level retail to the area .
Parking is the biggest difference between the two .
At Miller Park almost every parking stall by the stadium is controlled by the Brewers and your money goes directly into their coffers .
In St. Louis , a wide diversity of ownership is present near the stadium .
The result ?
A diversity of pricing options , and light competition that works to keep prices down somewhat .
Similar to how things are with the Bradley Center in Milwaukee .
The real upside to Busch Stadium ’s parking setup is that the stalls can be used for more than one purpose .
At Miller Park the surface parking lots are exclusively for stadium activities .
At Busch Stadium , the parking can be used for many purposes .
Tailgateability
Coining a new term specifically for this article , “ tailgateability ” is the measure of the ease of eating out of the back of your car an area provides .
Miller Park wins , but really not by a lot .
At Miller Park , you can fire up your grill at any parking stall , in St. Louis this is possible for a lot of the spots , but far from all of them .
This brings up an important point though , is tailgating possible at urban stadiums ?
Certainly it is .
There is no reason why the roofs of parking garages and select surface lots could n’t be sold at a small premium to tailgaters .
In Milwaukee shuttles could run between numerous areas like the lakefront parking lots and Summerfest lots to accommodate even more tailgaters .
Also , grills could be installed and public plazas could be constructed ( or actually used ) that would accommodate tailgaters .
Conclusion
Each stadium has features that make it an enjoyable place to watch baseball .
The roof at Miller Park is nice , but was the $ 50 + million price tag worth it ?
You could argue each way .
The location of Busch Stadium is much more enviable than that of Miller Park and leads to a number of efficiencies .
It ’s underdeveloped at this point though , Ballpark Village ’s development is a must .
St. Louis has a great asset in the stadium , and a fair number of buildings nearby that work well with it .
Adding more mixed - use buildings nearby will greatly improve the downtown and build a true 24 - hour neighborhood .
The fact that so little of Busch Stadium was paid for with taxpayer dollars is a plus .
Having a winning culture that sold tickets and a slightly bigger fan base helped put the team in that position though .
Consequently though , it did appear that every piece of food at the stadium cost a dollar more .
Pick your poison , although I ’m sure most would choose the private funding .
Building Miller Park in downtown Milwaukee was studied ( drawings included below ) , but there was likely a hidden cost to that .
Would Milwaukee have been to eliminate the Park East Freeway if the stadium was to be near the end of the freeway stub ?
Probably not .
Suburban opposition to such a proposal would have been a lot stronger .
At the end of the day , not building the new stadium in downtown Milwaukee was certainly a missed opportunity .
The only beneficiary of its current location is the Brewers themselves .
But was it something that downtown Milwaukee needed desperately ?
No , it ’s pretty clear it was n’t .
Milwaukee did miss out on a chance to accelerate all the good things going on in or near downtown though .
Miller Park Downtown
From Thursday Architects …
require ' ffi '
module Exec
extend FFI :: Library
attach_function : my_exec , :execl , [ : string , : string , : varargs ] , :int
attach_function : fork , [ ] , :int
end
vim1 = ' /usr/bin/vim '
vim2 = ' vim '
if Exec.fork == 0
Exec.my_exec vim1 , vim2 , : pointer , nil
end
Process.waitall
Update :
The biggest problem with using fork + exec in this way is that you can't guarantee * nothing * happens between the fork call and the exec call .
If , for example , the JVM decides to GC or move memory around , you can have a fatal crash at the JVM process level .
Because of that , I do n't recommend using fork + exec via FFI in JRuby , even though it 's pretty cool .
However , since this post I 've learned of the " posix_spawn " function available on most Unix variants .
It 's basically fork + exec in a single function , plus most of the typical security and IO tweaks you might do after forking and before execing .
It 's definitely my recommended alternative to fork+exec for JRuby , and to make that easier I 've bundled it up as the " spoon " gem ( gem install spoon ) which provides spawn and spawnp to JRuby users directly .
Here 's an example session using Spoon to launch JRuby as a daemon .
If you just need fork+exec on the JVM , posix_spawn or the Spoon gem are the best way to do it .
Today David R. MacIver pinged me in #scala and asked " headius : Presumably you guys have spent quite a lot of time trying to make things like system ( " vim " ) work correctly in JRuby and failing ?
i.e. I 'm probably wasting my time to attempt similar ?
" My first answer was " yes " , since there 's no direct way to exec a program like vim ( which wants a real terminal ) and have it work on the JVM .
The JVM 's process launching gives the newly - spawned processes the child side of piped streams , which you then have to manually pump ( which is what we do in JRuby 's system , backtick , and exec methods ) .
Under these circumstances , vim may start up , but it 's certainly not functional .
But then I got to thinking ... if you were doing this in C , you 'd fork +exec and all would be happy .
But we can't fork+exec on the JVM ..OR CAN WE ?
As you should know by now , JRuby ships with FFI , a library that allows you to bind any arbitrary C function in Ruby code .
So getting fork +exec to work was a simple matter of writing a little Ruby code : Running that with JRuby ( I tried master , David tried 1.3.0RC1 , and 1.2.0 works too ) brings up a full - screen vim session , just like you 'd expect , and it all just works .
No other JVM language can do this so quickly and easily .
We 'll probably try to generalize this into an optional library JRubyists can load ( require ' jruby / real_exec ' or similar ) and perhaps add fork and exec to jna - posix so that the other JVM languages can have sweet , sweet process launching too .
JRuby rocks .
The transformative power of photography is unquestionable — powerful images can move us emotionally , intellectually and morally .
Now , it can also move us across space and time — here are three fascinating photographic projects that do just that .
SIEGE OF LENINGRAD COMPOSITES
Thanks to Google Translate , we understand this project has to do with the 65th anniversary of the Siege of Leningrad — perhaps the biggest military operation fiasco for the Axis powers in WWII .
To commemorate the occasion , Russian artist Sergey Larenkov created phenomenal composite images of Leningrad , today ’s Saint Petersburg , placing the dramatic events of the Siege in their contemporary context .
The images are a stride - stopping revelation of the scars WWII left , both physical and cultural , reminding us just how much more than architectural restoration it has taken for a healing process to begin .
LOOKING INTO THE PAST
We love seeing one creative project inspire another that plays off of it — a testament to the infectious power of ideas .
And that ’s why we love Jason Powell ’s Looking Into The Past project , inspired by something you may remember from issues past : Michael Hughes ’ Souvenirs .
Powell takes historical photographs from The Library of Congress digital archive ( another innovative effort we love ) , prints them out , and holds them up against their respective modern - day location .
From the capital ’s architectural icons to the quiet streets of small - town America , the project invites us into a fascinating cultural time machine .
If you find yourself infectiously inspired to tear the space - time continuum , you can contribute your own photographic time capsules to the Flickr group Powell created for the project .
NYC GRID 1961 VS .
2009
A strong city ages so gracefully that despite the colossal changes in the context of its era , the city ’s own character remains an unchanged cultural pillar .
That ’s exactly the kind of vibe you ’ll get glimpsing through images of the world ’s biggest cosmopolitan icon — New York City — taken in 1961 and 2009 .
This time capsule captures our technological and cultural evolution — from cars to fashion to outdoor advertising — yet there ’s something oddly comforting in knowing that no matter how all these elements change , the city remains this unchanging force that keeps us centered .
Explore the full collection over at NYC Grid .
OUR STORY
Cheba
Hut is a “ Toasted ” sub concept that has been curing munchies since 1998 .
Our Huts not only tout the best bread in the business , but our foodies “ Flip the Bird ” to the establishment with our homegrown food , our relaxed environment and our amazing employees ; who actually enjoy rollin in our joint .
Candidates for the European Parliament The Rich , the Odd and the Beautiful
Many have a hard time finding enthusiasm for the European Parliament elections .
But they should pay more attention to the colorful array of candidates on offer .
From millionaires to machos , blue bloods to bombshells , next week 's vote has it all .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Updated : Sometime tomorrow , Comcast and Time Warner will announce a partnership to promote the concept of TV Everywhere .
Jeff Bewkes , chairman and CEO of Time Warner , and Brian Roberts , chairman and CEO of Comcast , will have a joint media conference tomorrow in New York .
The deal makes it painfully obvious that everything cable companies do — including introducing the draconian metered broadband policies — is done to save their video franchises .
With the pervasiveness of broadband and easy availability of tools that allow web video to leap onto your television , cable companies see that their video distribution pipes are becoming less relevant .
So they want to control how you watch premium content online and want to impose fees via an authentication system .
Time Warner and Bewkes have been championing this concept — essentially an authentication system that requires viewers to have cable , telco or satellite subscriptions in order to watch certain premium content online or on other platforms .
Bewkes recently said he wanted to launch the system during the second half of 2009 .
( NewTeeVee has just published a great FAQ on TV Everywhere . )
Time Warner spun out its cable business as a separate company .
Time Warner owns premium services such as HBO .
[ digg=http://digg.com/tech_news/Comcast_Time_Warner_Team_Up_To_Control_TV_On_The_Internet]
This coming together of large media companies and cable companies over Internet video should put the anti-trust officers in Washington on red alert .
They should be paying attention to not only these moves , but also the metered broadband efforts of cable companies .
The cable industry and its large media partners form a cozy cabal , though on paper they dislike each other .
Cable operators need media companies ’ channels to overcharge the working stiffs like you and me .
Media companies need the cable operators to share subscription revenues to pay for their highly inefficient and archaic businesses .
“ The majority of profits for the big entertainment companies is from cable programming , ” Stephen Burke , president of Comcast , tells The New York Times .
“ That stream is so important to every entertainment company that everybody is looking at that and saying , if we are not careful we could start to harm that model . ”
Here is the irony : If Comcast thinks it is keeping the status - quo go , Time Warner ’s Bewkes thinks he is inventing the future .
“ We ’re talking about taking the TV industry to a new era , ” he tells the Times .
When I read that , I LOL-ed .
That is rich coming from a guy who runs a company that has proven to be the Internet equivalent of the village idiot .
Anyway , here are some minor details about this system that is going to be TV ’s future .
The first test of the new system , which will authenticate cable subscribers online and make available programs on the Web for no additional charge , will be announced Wednesday , between Comcast and Time Warner .
The trial will involve about 5,000 Comcast subscribers , and television shows from the Time Warner networks TNT and TBS .
Comcast and others such as Viacom have been championing their own authentication systems .
There is a massive battle brewing where content owners and cable operators will soon find themselves on opposing sides .
Cable companies ( and large media companies ) are unwilling to come to terms with the fact that their brands do n’t matter as much in this age of content atomization .
It is not clear if consumers are really willing to deal with these confusion authentication systems .
When our sister site , NewTeeVee , asked its readers if they would pay $ 10 per month to Comcast , nearly 70 percent said , No !
The complete press release is here :
Time Warner Inc. ( NYSE : TWX ) announced today that it has partnered with Comcast Corporation ( NASDAQ : CMCSA , CMCSK ) to develop broad principles for the TV Everywhere model to guide the distribution of its television content online .
The agreement between the companies will make it possible for Comcast customers to access programming from Turner Broadcasting ’s award - winning entertainment networks free online and on demand .
In addition , Comcast announced it will begin a national technical trial of its “ On Demand Online ” service in July carrying programming from Time Warner ’s Turner networks TNT and TBS .
The companies endorsed a framework that would bring significantly more television content to customers online in a manner that is consumer - friendly , pro-competitive and non-exclusive .
To ensure rapid adoption and deployment of online television content across the industry , a set of principles for the TV Everywhere model was designed to be simple and attractive for any programmer and any video distributor to elect to adopt .
The companies agreed to the following principles : Bring more TV content , more easily to more people across platforms .
Video subscribers can watch programming from their favorite TV networks online for no additional charge .
Video subscribers can access this content using any broadband connection .
Programmers should make their best and highest - rated programming available online .
Both networks and video distributors should provide high - quality , consumer - friendly sites for viewing broadband content with easy authentication .
A new process should be created to measure ratings for online viewing .
The goal should be to extend the current viewer measurement system to include advertiser ratings for TV content viewed on all platforms .
TV Everywhere is open and non-exclusive ; cable , satellite or telco video distributors can enter into similar agreements with other programmers .
Time Warner Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jeff Bewkes said : “ TV Everywhere is no longer just a concept , but a working model to deliver consumers more television content over broadband than ever before .
We consistently look to make our popular , branded content more accessible to consumers in order to grow our business .
This progressive approach to delivering television content online will enable the continued vibrancy and growth of distribution outlets , their content partners and advertising clients . ”
Brian L. Roberts , Chairman and CEO of Comcast said , “ Today ’s announcement is all about giving our customers exponentially more free content , more choice and more HD programming online as well as on TV .
We have been working for a year to bring more TV and movie content to our customers online and we are thrilled that Time Warner is joining us in our national technical trial .
Ultimately , our goal is to make TV content available to our customers on all platforms . ”
The innovative agreement for this national On Demand Online technical trial will deliver more TNT and TBS programming online , free of charge to Comcast video customers , than previously available .
Comcast customers in the trial will be able to access TNT ’s award winning programming like The Closer and Saving Grace , as well as the TBS line - up including Tyler Perry ’s Meet the Browns and My Boys .
The shows will be initially accessible on Comcast.net , Fancast.com and will soon be available on TNT.tv and TBS.com .
The On Demand Online technical trial will involve premium long - form content with approximately 5,000 customers .
The trial period will be dedicated to testing the new authentication technology on a national basis that will enable secured access to the content .
This national trial will give customers an opportunity to explore the service and provide feedback that will help to shape the service over time .
The initial trial is the first phase of a multi- phase rollout that will expand the amount of content , features and functionality of the service as subsequent iterations are implemented .
In the coming weeks , Comcast expects other programming networks to participate as the nationwide trial expands .
Time Warner expects to announce similar trials with other distributors .
Twitter has become the place for sharing content links .
If your content catches attention on Twitter and spreads , suddenly you ’re getting significant traffic from people who may have never visited your site before .
But do n’t forget to share other people ’s quality content on Twitter .
This helps you build up a Twitter audience that values your editorial judgment , which in turns helps you when you have something of your own to share .
In both cases , what you share on Twitter is not just about the actual value of the content .
It ’s also about whether the content gets viewed and appreciated in the first place .
Yep … the difference is in the headline .
You ’ve heard this before , right ?
Same as it Ever Was… But Worse
Every time I tell people about the 80/20 rule of headlines , they seem shocked .
Remember that one ?
On average , 8 out of 10 people will read a headline , but only 2 out of 10 will go on to read the content .
This is in a typical headline environment , such as a newspaper , magazine , or web page .
In an email inbox , the percentages are likely worse .
The battle for attention intensifies due to the nature of the environment .
Now , think about a Twitter stream .
People are scanning more ruthlessly than ever , looking for interesting tidbits .
Your content link is competing with conversations , quips , and tantalizing revelations related to this morning ’s breakfast cereal .
Time to up your headline game .
But first , let ’s review the foundational elements of solid headline writing .
What ’s the Reward for Reading ?
The first thing to keep in mind is that a headline is a promise .
It promises some kind of benefit or reward in exchange for attention .
That reward could range from an amusing diversion to the solution to a pressing problem .
The best way to make sure your headlines always offer a compelling reward is to go back to the basics of copywriting .
In this case , go back to the tried , tested , and true 4 - U approach .
Your headlines must :
Be USEFUL to the reader , Provide her with a sense of URGENCY , Convey the idea that the main benefit is somehow UNIQUE ; and Do all of the above in an ULTRA - SPECIFIC way .
For a whole lot of elaboration on this , check out How to Write Magnetic Headlines .
The Triumphant Return of the Short Headline
Some people will tell you that a good Twitter headline is as short as possible .
This is due not only to the 140 - character limit that Twitter imposes , but also because in order for your headline to spread , people need room to retweet it .
Twitter culture dictates that you give credit to the person who originally exposed you to a tweet when you retweet , so extra space is needed for the hat tip .
Too many people , however , focus on “ short ” and forget about “ as possible . ”
A better way to think about it is as long as necessary , but no longer .
Luckily , history provides us with some strong encouragement in the short headline department .
A quick review of The 100 Greatest Advertisements by Julian Lewis Watkins shows that 95 % of the most effective headlines from the early years of magazine advertising were eight words or less .
This is because magazine copywriters had to write tight headlines due to space concerns , just like Twitter users .
Studies done from the direct mail industry show that about 50 % to 60 % of the most effective headlines are eight words or less , leaving ample indication that longer headlines work , too .
On a webpage , there are no space concerns , so web copywriters found that longer headlines communicated more benefit right at the top of the page where eye - tracking studies show people focus , and therefore worked better .
So , Twitter brings us back full - circle at a time when content is the new advertising .
But it ’s clear that a well - written short headline has power , especially when in a level - playing - field environment where everyone has the same constraints .
Rewrite for Retweets
For the most part , you should write your article and blog post headlines pursuant to the same guidelines given above .
There are certain cases where I ’ll modify my own content headline for Twitter , but it ’s rare .
The real value in headline rewriting comes when tweeting other people ’s content .
Let ’s face it , many people write pretty crappy headlines , even when the content is solid .
Doing the editorial work can help you build a loyal Twitter following , because you ’re finding content that might otherwise be lost in the noise , and then rewriting the headline to better entice people to pay attention .
This can be easier than it sounds .
Too many writers love to use obtuse or clever headlines that fail to do justice to their content .
Simply apply the 4 U approach after reading the content and before you tweet .
Over time , this will become second nature to you , and your reputation on Twitter will thrive while you send traffic to people who need to learn what you know .
Valuable Content Rules
It ’s clear from observation that people will retweet based on the headline alone , before even clicking through to the content .
Your followers may retweet based on a headline alone , but only because they trust you .
Your past performance and editorial judgment in selecting ( and producing ) quality content is what leads to that trust .
Quality content is still the essential ingredient , but make sure people actually appreciate the content you share .
Becoming a better headline writer will make that happen for you .
Image Courtesy of Marisa Allegra Williams .
About the Author : Brian Clark is founder of Copyblogger and CEO of Copyblogger Media .
Get more from Brian on Twitter .
Microsoft on Thursday unveiled pricing information for Windows 7 , and announced that its upgrade option program will kick off on Friday .
Microsoft on Thursday unveiled pricing information for Windows 7 , and announced that its upgrade option program will kick off on Friday .
The company also said it would offer discounted upgrade pre-orders for a limited time .
Starting Friday , consumers who purchase a PC with Windows Vista Home Premium , Business , or Ultimate at participating retailers will get a free upgrade to Windows 7 when it becomes available .
The offer will run until Jan. 31 , 2010 .
For those waiting until the October 22 release date , a Windows 7 Home Premium upgrade will cost $ 119.99 and the full package will retail for $ 199.99 .
The Windows 7 Professional upgrade will cost $ 199.99 and the full system will be $ 299.99 .
For Windows 7
Ultimate , the upgrade version will retail for $ 219.99 and the full version will set you back $ 319.99 .
Microsoft said these prices are about 10 percent less than what they charged for Vista  the Home Premium upgrade version of which retailed for $ 129.99 at launch .
For Windows enthusiasts who are planning ahead , Microsoft is running a promotion that will offer a more than 50 percent discount on the premium and professional upgrade versions of the operating system .
From June 26 to July 11 , consumers in the U.S. can pre-order the Windows 7 Home Premium upgrade for $ 49.99 and the Windows 7 Professional upgrade for $ 99.99 .
The offer will be available online via retailers like Best Buy , Amazon.com , or the Microsoft Store .
The offer also applies to consumers in Canada from June 26 to July 11 , in Japan from June 26 to July 5 , and in the U.K. , France , and Germany from July 15 to August 14 .
Prices will vary by region , however .
Users with an XP system can perform a clean installation using the upgrade version of Windows 7 .
Windows Vista users can do the same thing or perform an in - place upgrade , which maintains all the data , files , and applications on their Vista machine , a Microsoft spokesman said .
OEMs will start shipping Windows 7 machines on October 22 .
At launch , the OS will be available in 14 languages : English , Spanish , Japanese , German , French , Italian , Dutch , Russian , Polish , Brazilian Portuguese , Korean , Simplified Chinese , Traditional Chinese and Chinese ( Hong Kong ) .
The remaining languages will be added on October 31 .
In early 2007 , deeply discounted OEM versions of Vista started showing up on e-tailers like Newegg.com .
Microsoft also offered a Vista Family Pack , which allowed the purchase of up to two copies of Vista Home Premium for $ 49.99 , provided that a customer buy Windows Vista Ultimate at full price , through retail .
A Windows 7 Family Pack is still under discussion , according to a Microsoft spokesman .
As for cheap OEM versions of the OS , the spokesman said that since Newegg is primarily for systems builders , Microsoft does not consider that the retail sale of OEM licensed copies .
" It 's possible that something similar would emerge , but it would n't be something Microsoft would encourage for broad use , " he said .
Microsoft also released packaging details for Windows 7 this week , photos of which are available on Appscout.com .
I have travelled across the length and breadth of India and l have not seen one person who is a beggar , who is a thief .
such wealth l have seen in this country , such high moral values , people of such caliber , that l do not think we would ever conquer this country , unless we break the very backbone of this nation , which is her spiritual and cultural heritage , and , therefore , l propose that we replace her old and ancient education system , her culture .
for if the Indians think that all that is foreign and English is good and greater than their own , they will lose their self esteem , their native culture and they will become what we want them , a truly dominated nation .
~ Lord Macaulay ’s address to the British Parliament , 2 February , 1835
On the same day it was revealed that users of YouTube , the world 's largest video - sharing site , were uploading more than 20 hours of video footage every minute , the site was hit by a porn scandal which threatened to bring the service into disrepute .
Over the course of 24 hours , the site was flooded with a number of pornographic video clips rumoured to be in the tens of thousands .
In what is believed to have been a coordinated attack carried out by the infamous 4 Chan group of hackers , clips containing nudity and sexual scenes were made available to the sites tens of millions of users .
To circumvent the site 's normal moderation policy , they were uploaded with titles referencing such favourite children 's entertainers as Hannah Montana and the famous American Christian pop boy band , the Jonas Brothers .
The videos began with footage of the artists in question before cutting to video of adults participating in group sex acts , according to the BBC .
It is believed YouTube 's moderation team have been working around the clock since the attack to try and take down the offending items , though the process may take weeks or even months thanks to the site 's laissez - faire approach to content uploading , which relies on users flagging content as offensive before it is viewed by official representatives of the company .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
This is far from the first time the site has been drawn into controversy for the content users upload ; currently many music videos have been withdrawn from the site following a series of high profile copyright disputes .
The group behind the attack have claimed these removals as their motivation for the ongoing incident , with one attacker telling the BBC " I did it because YouTube keeps deleting music .
It was part of a 4 Chan raid . "
A YouTube spokesperson was keen to downplay the attack , saying " YouTube is a community site used by millions of people in very positive ways .
Sadly , as with any form of communication , there is a tiny minority of people who try to break the rules . "
" We were aware of yesterday 's issue and removed the videos as they were brought to our attention through our flagging system , as we would any videos that violate our community guidelines .
In addition , any account we discover that has been set up specifically to attack YouTube was also disabled . "
4 Chan , an image - sharing message board founded in 2003 , has been to thank for some of the biggest online phenomena of recent years .
Commentators claim they were responsible for the success of such varied internet ' memes ' as lolcats , a series of images of kittens captioned in internet slang parlance , and Chocolate Rain , a kitsch YouTube video depicting musician Tay Zonday performing a song about racial disharmony .
More recently , its community of highly computer - literate users originated ' rickrollling ' , a process which involves misleading internet users by tricking them into visiting a website featuring eighties pop star Rick Astley .
By Aijaz Maher
BBC Urdu service , Islamabad
The Kalash community have their own distinct culture Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province ( NWFP ) is today arguably one of the most dangerous places in the world .
But while that may be true of regions where the Taliban proliferate , there are still areas of NWFP where life goes on as normal .
The most prominent of these is the Kalash region in the northern - most district of Chitral .
It is named after the Kalash tribe which has been settled here since time immemorial .
See a map of the region
The tribe , said to be descendants of Alexander the Great 's soldiers , still practise an ancient pagan culture unlike any other in this part of the world .
For centuries , the Kalash have been a people apart .
In modern times , they have become a major tourist attraction , but in so doing have also attracted the ire of Islamic clerics .
This has led to many of them derogatively referring to the Kalash region as Kafiristan , or " land of the unbelievers . "
Unique heritage
This ill - will was largely restricted to slogans and sermons - until the coming of the Taliban .
The valley was at one point conquered by Alexander the Great
But that is not the only challenge facing this dwindling community - many educated young Kalash men have chosen to convert to Islam .
In doing so , they have abandoned the community to seek a life in the cities and a more upscale existence .
All these factors are combining to erase a unique heritage .
Hundreds of years ago about 3,000 Kalash people made their home in the Birir , Rumbur and Bumburet valleys among the Hindu Kush mountains of Chitral .
Generally speaking , the people of Chitral , Muslim or Kalash , are liberal when it comes to religion .
But the Taliban threat has now jeopardised all that , with the neighbouring district of Upper Dir firmly under their control .
" Chitral is one of the most peaceful regions in Pakistan , " Abdul Wali , a local lawyer says .
" All communities here have brotherly relations with each other .
" People here believe culture has precedence over religion . "
Enthusiastic The Kalash in Chitral have four festivals to celebrate the seasons .
The area is becoming increasingly squeezed by the Taliban
The summer festival is the most well attended with people coming from all over the country and the world .
This year there are fewer foreign visitors , but they are present .
Among them is Glasgow resident Patricia Fort with her son Leon .
" This is the second time I have come here ... this time to show it to my son , " she said .
Her son Leon is equally enthusiastic .
" I got to know about this place from my mother , heard all the stories about the Kalash , saw pictures and knew I had to come , " he said .
" The scenery is incredibly beautiful , and the people are very friendly . "
Dangers
But now a shadow lies over the event as the security forces are deployed to fend off the Taliban .
The Kalash culture is increasingly under threat Checkpoints litter the road leading to the festival venue and local hospitals have been put on red alert .
" There is a rumour going around that the Taliban will attack the festival , " Dr Jahangir Khan , medical officer at a local hospital said .
" There is the situation in Dir , and we are just across the border from Afghanistan .
" We have been put on 24 - hour emergency standby for as long as the festival lasts . "
The Kalash continued with their festival despite the dangers .
In a region wracked by conflict , their simple ways seem like echoes from another time .
Beautiful women adorned in black robes splattered with bright colours and with necklaces of sparkling stones dance to ancient tunes .
The music is played by the men who occasionally break out in song .
" They are singing of their happiness to God , " says Munir , a Kalash man .
" They are thankful that water is plentiful in the rivers and crops are ripening .
" The trees are bearing fruit and prosperity is coming to our homes . "
But how much longer the Kalash community can sing of the joys of life is open to doubt .
The Taliban are not now that far away .
Click here to return
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
[ Follow our blog posts , obsession with data , and original articles on Twitter @ RJMetrics ]
Most people know that we build powerful business intelligence dashboards here at RJMetrics , but now that we ’ve moved to Camden , we figured we ought to take advantage of the long weekend and make a rap video as well .
( Unfortunately , the odds are stacked against us– Jake ’s favorite rapper is Bo Burnham and I ’m so tone deaf that I crashed the auto - tune plugin when we recorded this song . )
Anyway , in what may prove to be the dumbest PR move ever , we decided to augment our dope beats with some unsolicited free advice to tech startups .
This was our chance to point out some of the most absurd startup behavior over the past few years .
We should know –most of these lines are based on things we ’ve done .
Lyrics are below the video .
Enjoy !
Big thanks to Adamack from Open Minds Entertainment for the beat , John Keating for his help with the vocals , and my brother James Moore for the studio time and production .
Click
Here to download the MP3
Lyrics after the jump .
CASCADE LOCKS --
Like all of his kind , sea lion C265 liked to eat fish .
He was good at it , too .
Ultimately that 's what got him killed .
Last month , C265 became the first California sea lion legally euthanized by the government since a landmark law protecting the pinnipeds passed nearly 40 years ago .
It was the last of many firsts tallied by C265 , whose life and death offer insight into a novel government program on the Columbia River that uses taxpayer money to kill one species in order to save another .
In C265 's death , specifically , questions persist about the effectiveness -- and appropriateness -- of the program .
" We kind of call him our poster boy because he 's been the first for so many things , " said Robert J. Stansell , supervisor fish biologist for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers at Bonneville Lock and Dam .
In recent years , increasing numbers of sea lions have arrived at the dam to eat endangered salmon pooling below the concrete barrier on their way upstream to spawn .
Fish managers are worried the marine mammals could eventually hinder ongoing , multibillion - dollar fish recovery work .
C265 was among the vanguard of sea lions at Bonneville earlier this decade .
He was often the first to show up and the last to leave on a given year , there like other males to fatten up before heading south to the rough - and - tumble rookeries in California 's Channel Islands .
" This food source is probably the best these animals could hope for to put on weight , " said Robin Brown , program leader for marine mammal research at the Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife .
And C265 was a glutton among gluttons .
In 2007 , his weight nearly doubled -- from 556 to 1,043 pounds -- in about 2 1/ 2 months , most of which he spent at Bonneville .
That year he ate about 43 salmon when roughly 85,000 passed through the dam 's fish ladder .
But a sea lion only has to be seen eating one endangered salmon by corps spotters posted at the dam for the states of Oregon , Washington and Idaho to get permission from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Association to kill it .
To be sure they have the right pinniped , spotters can reference a phone book - sized blue binder holding hundreds of pages of individual sea lions , complete with color photos , sketches of markings , identification numbers and even nicknames such as " Pirate " and " Crazy 8 . "
In addition to being caught eating a fish , the animals have to have been seen at the dam for a total of at least five days , and they have to show resistance to hazing techniques such as rubber bullets and firecrackers .
C265 ( the C stands for Columbia ) met all those criteria during his years in the Columbia River .
He was first identified in 2002 while he was lounging on the docks at the Astoria waterfront .
He was maybe 1 to 3 years old , said Brown , and had two distinctive white rings behind the left side of his head and another mark similar to the symbol for infinity near his tail .
That April he was trapped , weighed , funneled into a squeeze cage similar to the one used for handling livestock , and branded across his rump .
He has been a well - known figure on the river since then , and there are a few things besides his brand that those who have observed him say made him stand out .
First , he was something of a loner .
" He 'd haul out on docks where other animals weren't , " said Matthew Tennis , who heads up ODFW 's trapping program in Astoria .
And he barked a lot , even for a sea lion , one spotter at Bonneville recalled .
" He was always really friendly , really gregarious .
He 'd stake out his territory , and when other sea lions would want to get near him , he was real particular about who would get near him , " said Bethanie O'Driscoll , a member of In Defense of Animals ' Sea Lion Defense Brigade .
And by all accounts , he was n't afraid of humans .
That made him easy to trap but difficult to scare away from the salmon smorgasbord below Bonneville .
Last fall , he showed up at the dam again , the first time a sea lion had been there that long before the spring Chinook run began .
But by March the state had the right to kill sea lions with guns or lethal injection .
The state has a list of 73 animals approved by NOAA for lethal removal .
Seven sea lions have been killed so far .
Oregon Fish and Wildlife spends about $ 200,000 a year on this sea lion program , while the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers spends between $ 400,000 and $ 500,000 .
In Defense of Animals recently asked a judge in Portland to halt the killing of sea lions because the group says the corps ' records show it had the wrong animal in one case , calling the whole program into question .
But the judge denied In Defense 's request .
" Although there are some individuals that can be recognized , it seems ridiculous to believe on its face that the state can recognize the 250 individual sea lions they claim to recognize without any brands , " said Matthew Rossell , Northwest director for the group .
The group and others are repulsed by the idea that sea lions are targeted to protect salmon , and they argue that more attention should be focused on the root causes of salmon 's decline , such as the loss of habitat and the dams themselves .
The fish the sea lions are seen eating at Bonneville account for between 0.4 and 4.2 percent of the annual spring Chinook run , less than is allowed for fishermen .
But those are only the observed sea lion takes , and sea lions do n't discriminate between hatchery and wild fish .
" This is really a tragic program , and it's not going to do anything to save salmon , " O'Driscoll said .
The end for C265 began last month when he was trapped below the dam .
He was transferred to a cage and taken to an undisclosed building on the dam project site .
On March 12 , he was given a shot of sedatives and then administered an anesthetic gas to put him to sleep .
His blood was drawn , and he was examined for lesions that are indicative of a genital cancer that has been showing up in Columbia River sea lions .
" C265 had lesions all over him , " said Brown .
" He clearly had a bad case and would not qualify for a zoo . "
The agencies were able to find homes for only seven sea lions this year , and four of those spots are already taken .
So while C265 was still asleep from the gas , he was given a lethal dose of sodium pentobarbital , a barbiturate commonly used by veterinarians for animal euthanasia , Brown said .
He died shortly thereafter .
The animal 's skeleton , Brown said , will be saved and articulated and used for research .
His flesh was hauled away to Darling International 's rendering plant in Tacoma .
Because of the way their bodies store toxins , " adult males are n't edible , " Brown said .
-- Matthew Preusch ; mattpreusch@news.oregonian.com
Your say : tell us what you think .
----------------------------------------------
Some have called for the show to be axed .
' We apologise to anyone we have upset '
The ABC 's director of TV , Kim Dalton , and The Chaser 's executive producer , Julian Morrow , said in a statement that they acknowledged the distress the segment caused and apologised to those who were upset by it .
" The sketch in last night ’s show ... was a satirical sketch and black comedy .
" The ABC and The Chaser did not intend to hurt those who have been affected by the terminal illness of a child .
We acknowledge the distress this segment has caused and we apologise to anyone we have upset .
" As a result , ABC TV will edit the segment out of tonight ’s repeat screening on ABC2 and online . "
The Make - A - Wish foundation said in a statement that The Chaser skit had " misrepresented the motives of the children and families that apply for wishes " with their organisation .
" Make - A - Wish prides itself on the notion that a child 's wish is limited only by their imagination .
" Our mission involves granting wishes to enrich the human experience with hope , strength and joy , " said chief executive Sandy Brattstrom .
' Hang their heads in shame '
Mr Rudd said the satirical program was guilty of extremely poor taste , and it was not fair to target sick kids .
" I actually do n't mind The Chaser taking the mickey out of me or any other politician at any time or any place , that 's fine , that 's fair game , '' Mr Rudd told reporters .
" But having a go at kids with a terminal illness is really beyond the pale , absolutely beyond the pale .
" These guys collectively should get up and hang their heads in shame , it 's just wrong . ''
' This is n't the first time they 've done this '
There has also been backlash from the Australian Workers ' Union , and Ron Delezio , father of young car crash survivor Sophie Delezio who 's previously been the subject of a Chaser skit .
" This is n't the first time they 've done this , '' Mr Delezio told Fairfax Radio .
" Who do I have to go to ... whether it is the Prime Minister or whoever , to put a stop to this show ? ''
In the skit , child actors wrapped in bandages and with sickly looking make - up were given a stick and a pencil case instead of their wishes to go to Disneyland or meet teenage heart - throb Zac Efron .
Viewers vented their anger on an ABC website this morning , with one describing it as the most appalling thing to be aired on television .
' What on Earth were they thinking ? '
A father of a terminally ill seven - year - old boy said he had always been a fan of The Chaser but was shocked it would make light of the foundation , with which his family had been involved .
" I will now have to go and accompany my wife who is presently consoling our son in his bedroom about his pending fate and agonising death , which this show did nothing but exacerbate the issue , " he wrote after the show aired .
He said he would try to have the taxpayer - funded show cancelled .
" I could n't believe it when the ' make a realistic wish ' skit came on the show tonight , and particularly the closing line of ' they 're going to die anyway ' , " he wrote .
" What on Earth were the people involved with the show thinking ?
Not only the morons that came up with the idea of the skit but also all the people down the production line who approved it . "
Another viewer said the skit should never have been aired .
" My God .
It 's utterly unfathomable that these arseholes could be that callous and unfeeling in the search for a cheap laugh , " the post read .
Another said the ABC should immediately end The Chaser team 's contract .
" The ' make a realistic wish ' skit was the most appalling thing I have ever seen on TV , " it read .
" Are these idiots so insensitive that they would send up children in such a sad situation . "
One post simply said it was a " chase too far " .
" Preying on sick kids and their families for a laugh ?
Utterly , utterly , utterly repulsive , " one post read .
' They shot themselves in the foot '
Other viewers who said the rest of the episode was funny still voiced concerns about the controversial skit .
" Yes , I found it so funny that I had to remove myself from the room to breath as I was laughing so hard , " one audience member wrote .
" However , I think they shot themselves in the foot with the Make a Wish .
Death can be funny ... but this was n't funny , it was way too raw . "
The episode also featured a skit that mocked a viewer writing a letter of complaint to the ABC about The Chaser .
The Make a Wish Foundation has not yet responded to calls from smh.com.au. with Glenda Kwek and AAP
The " end is near , " declared Federal Communications Commissioner Jonathan Adelstein at Tuesday 's Open Commission meeting .
Adelstein was referring to the DTV transition , scheduled to conclude on Friday , June 12 , one month from now .
There are still 927 full power television stations that have to make the jump from analog to digital by then .
To get a sense of who is or is n't really ready for this apocalypse , the agency has called upon those broadcasters to run a " soft test " of the switch three times on Thursday , May 21 .
During that day , broadcasters will interrupt their analog streams with an announcement perhaps similar in spirit to this : " Dear couch potatoes :
If you are seeing this message it means you do n't have digital TV , do n't have cable or satellite , still have n't installed a converter box , or something 's wrong with your set up .
If TV watching is important to you , IT IS TRULY TIME for you to get it together , given that the last day of analog broadcasting is coming on June 12 .
For real . "
The final draft will be a less dramatic read , no doubt .
The agency 's three current Commissioner 's are aware , of course , that some innocent souls may not believe any warning , no matter how florid , given that the DTV date has already been changed once , from February 17 to the present deadline .
" It feels like we 've gone down this road before , and it's ' d�j� vu all over again ' , " Adelstein conceded at the meeting .
" Some of the 3.5 million unprepared households still refuse to believe that the June 12th transition date will hold .
So today , I want to make clear to the American people , broadcasters and everyone involved that the end is near and certain . "
Catch the wave
The FCC has asked broadcasters to conduct five minute tests at 7:25 am , 12:30 pm , and 6:25 pm .
But do n't hover around your rabbit - eared boob tube counting on seeing them at those exact times .
The National Association of Broadcasters sent
Ars a message saying that it has an " understanding " with the FCC that some stations " may need some flexibility regarding the time of day and length of the test . "
At Wednesday 's meeting the FCC seemed pretty confident that it can take advantage of the collective freak - out it expects this trial run will generate .
An " intermediate tidal wave , " one agency staffer called it at the event .
" We hope to get a great many calls on May 21st and really wake up a lot of people .
As big as we can make the wave on May 21st , that will reduce the size of the wave on June 12 . "
4,000 operators will be standing by at 1-888 - CALL - FCC to provide online assistance through three eight - hour shifts .
A huge chunk of agency staff ( 180 employees ) have been sent off to 49 markets that it has identified as least prepared for the Great Day .
The Commission has awarded contracts to a dozen community organizations to set up 400 " walk - in centers " and 12,000 DTV help clinics to show people how to set up those converter boxes .
And a slew of free , in - home technical assistance centers are on the way , which the FCC hopes can knock off over 200,000 installations between now and the conclusion of the transition .
In addition , the National Telecommunications and Information Administration says it has cleared out that humongous list of 4.2 million people waiting for converter box discount coupons that it accumulated in January after running out of cash ( the American Reconstruction and Recovery
Act has replenished its coffers to the tune of $ 650 million ) .
Are we having fun yet ?
Commissioner Robert M. McDowell queried NTIA Associate Administrator Bernadette McGuire - Rivera about the state of readiness for those remaining estimated 3.5 million unready TV viewers .
" Are we going to run out of money again ? " he bluntly asked her .
She paused before answering .
" Speaking for me , " McGuire - Rivera said , very slowly , " I do n't believe so . "
The NTIA has budgeted for a spike in the request rate as the final day approaches , she explained .
The May 21 soft test could indicate more financial need — or not .
This seemed to mollify McDowell , at least for the moment .
" To be continued , then , " he concluded .
Even interim Chair Michael Copps seemed relaxed and optimistic at the meeting , and believe us , that 's saying something .
Had the transition stayed at February 17 , there would have been a " consumer meltdown , " Copps declared .
On the other hand , " there will still be some disruption . "
Some folks wo n't deal with this until after the fact , no matter how many PSAs they watch , Copps predicted .
Others will lose coverage because stations will shift their signal ranges in the digital shift .
Then the agency 's temp boss let his guard down for a moment .
" You know , when January came around and I started presiding over this , I had some measure of trepidation and fear about where we might be headed , but it 's actually turned into really an inspiring and in many ways an enjoyable thing , " Copps admitted .
" ... not to downplay the problems that we might run into and the seriousness of the effort , " he quickly added .
Eli Bendersky has mentioned some problems of parsing VHDL .
I was quite pleased though finding the Postlexer idea being discussed in the following paper which provides a more thorough treatment of VHDL parsing issues .
They call it “ Auxiliary Terminal Generator ” which is a more precise notation of what I call a “ Postlexer ” .
In that case a Postlexer resolves ambiguities caused by context sensitivity .
The solution is to introduce auxiliary terminal symbols in between two context free passes – the one for lexical analysis and parsing .
What I distaste about their approach is that they coupled the grammar with the Postlexer using parsing actions .
Apparently generations of computing scientists enjoyed squeezing as much information as possible into their grammars instead of acknowledging the obvious : a separate parsing phase is often required for non-trivial grammars and since the problems are specific one can leave it entirely to a powerful general purpose language and the programmer to solve them .
As a consequence the parser is n’t portable across languages but at least the grammars are .
Generally speaking one has to consider three functions now instead of two :
The Parser Sandwich
Lexer : Parsetable String -> ; Tokenstream Postlexer : Tokenstream -> ; Tokenstream Parser : Parsetable Tokenstream -> ; Tree
Lexer and Parser shall be universally applicable for any language whereas the Postlexer is always specific and can be omitted if the whole language can be described in a context free way .
Astronomers have found that stars of a recently discovered type , dubbed ultracool subdwarfs , take some pretty wild rides as they orbit around the Milky Way , following paths that are very different from those of typical stars .
One of them may actually be a visitor that originated in another galaxy .
Adam Burgasser and John Bochanski of MIT presented the findings on June 9 at the American Astronomical Society 's semi-annual meeting in Pasadena , Calif .
The result clarifies the origins of these peculiar , faint stars , and may provide new details on the types of stars the Milky Way has acquired from other galaxies .
Ultracool subdwarfs were first recognized as a unique class of stars in 2003 , and are distinguished by their low temperatures ( " ultracool " ) and low concentrations of elements other than hydrogen and helium ( " subdwarf " ) .
They sit at the bottom end of the size range for stars , and some are so small that they are closer to the planet - like objects called brown dwarfs .
Only a few dozen ultracool subdwarfs are known today , as they are both very faint — up to 10,000 times fainter than the Sun — and extremely rare .
Burgasser , associate professor of physics at MIT and lead author of the study , was intrigued by the fast motions of ultracool subdwarfs , which zip past the Sun at astonishing speeds .
" Most nearby stars travel more or less in tandem with the Sun tracing circular orbits around the center of the Milky Way once every 250 million years , " he explains .
The ultracool subdwarfs , on the other hand , appear to pass us by at very high speeds , up to 500 km /s , or over a million miles per hour .
" If there are interstellar cops out there , these stars would surely lose their driver 's licenses , " says Burgasser .
Burgasser 's team of astronomers assembled measurements of the positions , distances and motions of roughly two dozen of these rare stars .
Robyn Sanderson , co-author and MIT graduate student , then used these measurements to calculate the orbits of the subdwarfs using a numerical code developed to study galaxy collisions .
Despite doing similar calculations for other types of low - mass stars , " these orbits were like nothing I 'd ever seen before , " says Sanderson .
advertisement
Sanderson 's calculations showed an unexpected diversity in the ultracool subdwarf orbits .
Some plunge deep into the center of the Milky Way on eccentric , comet ‐like tracks ; others make slow , swooping loops far beyond the Sun 's orbit .
Unlike the majority of nearby stars , most of the ultracool subdwarfs spend a great deal of time thousands of light ‐years above or below the disk of the Milky Way .
" Someone living on a planet around one of these subdwarfs would have an incredible nighttime view of a beautiful spiral galaxy — our Milky Way — spread across the sky , " Burgasser speculates .
Sanderson 's orbit calculations confirm that all of the ultracool subdwarfs are part of the Milky Way 's halo , a widely dispersed population of stars that likely formed in the Milky Way 's distant past .
However , one of the subdwarfs , a star named 2MASS 1227‐0447 in the constellation Virgo , has an orbit indicating that it might have a very different lineage , possibly extragalactic .
" Our calculations show that this subdwarf travels up to 200,000 light years away from the center of the Galaxy , almost 10 times farther than the Sun , " says Bochanski , a postdoctoral researcher in Burgasser 's group at MIT .
This is farther than many of the Milky Way 's nearest galactic neighbors , suggesting that this particular subdwarf may have originated somewhere else .
" Based on the size of its one billion ‐year orbit and direction of motion , we speculate that 2MASS 1227‐0447 might have come from another , smaller galaxy that at some point got too close to the Milky Way and was ripped apart by gravitational forces , " explains Bochanksi .
Astronomers have previously identified streams of stars in the Milky Way originating from neighboring galaxies , but all have been distant , massive , red giant stars .
The ultracool subdwarf identified by Burgasser and his team is the first nearby , low ‐mass star to be found on such a trajectory .
" If we can identify what stream this star is associated with , or which dwarf galaxy it came from , we could learn more about the types of stars that have built up the Milky Way 's halo over the past 10 billion years , " says Burgasser .
The results presented at the meeting are based in part on two studies recently published in the Astrophysical Journal by Burgasser and coauthor Michael Cushing , a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Hawaii 's Institute for Astronomy .
Other authors of this paper are Andrew West of MIT ; Dagny Looper of the University of Hawaii , Manoa ; and Jacqueline Faherty of the American Museum of Natural History , New York , NY .
Summary of
Baconian Evidence
for
Shakespeare Authorship
" Tragedies & Comedies are made of one Alphabet . "
Francis Bacon
" There be some whose lives are as if they perpetually played a part upon a stage , disguised to all others ,
open only to themselves . "
Francis Bacon from
The Essay of Friendship found only in the 1607 & 1612 edition
The clearest indication of Bacon using another name for his work is in Tobie Matthew 's letter to Bacon , in 1623 , written from France :
" The most prodigious wit , that ever I knew of my nation , and of this side of the sea , is of your Lordship 's name , though he be known by another . "
In 1603 , Bacon wrote to a friend of his , the poet , John Davies , who had gone north to meet the King :
" So desiring you to be good to concealed poets , I continue , yours very assured , Fr. Bacon . "
" The wisdom displayed in Shakespeare was equal in profoundness to the great Lord Bacon 's Novum Organum . "
- William Hazlitt
" Lord Bacon was the greatest genius that England , or perhaps any country , ever produced . "
Alexander Pope , 1741
" In Shakespeare 's plays we have Thought , History , Exposition , Philosophy , all within the round of the poet .
It is as if into a mind poetical in form there had been poured all the matter which existed in the mind of his contemporary Bacon .
The only difference between him and Bacon sometimes is that Bacon writes an Essay and calls it his own , while Shakespeare writes a similar essay and puts it into the mouth of a Ulysses or a Polonius . " orthodox Professor David Mason
" ... The subjects which most engrossed the mind of Bacon , the opinions which he most strongly expressed , the ideas which he desired especially to inculcate , are those which are found chiefly pervading the plays .
Those things which are explained in the prose works of Bacon are to be found repeated , or alluded to , or forming the basis of beautiful metaphors and similes , in the Plays .
And the vocabulary of Bacon and Shakespeare is to a suprising degree the same . "
Constance Pott
" Two things were strenuously avoided by Bacon ; the direct mention of the name of Shakespeare , and the literal quotation of any passages from the Plays .
This man of genius , coming forward in the essays as commentator on his own works , always clothed his elucidations in words other than those he chose as the poet & as Shakespeare .
The poet clothes the thoughts of the philosopher in gorgeous robes : the language of the scholar must be plainer in style , the pictures he draws must be simpler and yet in spite of all , not only in the thoughts , but in the wording and manner of expressing himself , Bacon could not avoid telling us a great deal that carries the mind back to the Plays . "
EMB , The Day Star Of The Muses , essay in Baconiana 1968
" Directly as men were aware that the main purpose of the published plays was not so much to entertain them as to put them to school , the New Method was certain to become a failure .
Long and patient trial of the system could alone attain success .
To disclose the author was to reveal the schoolmaster , whose work would be resented as an impertinence by those for whom it was most fit . "
Parker Woodward ( Baconiana , Oct. 1905 ) :
" Without a mask , Bacon 's plan for his Instauratio Magna would not have been possible ; William Shakespeare was a necessary feature in the vast scheme of Bacon 's philosophic experiment which had the world for its theatre , ages for its accomplishment , and posterity for its beneficiaries . "
Introduction to facsimile of Manes Verulamiani , by W.G.C. Gundry , Barrister - at - Law ( Chiswick Press , London 1956 ) .
A comparison of the writings of contemporary authors in prose and verse , proves that no other writer of that age , but Bacon , can come into any competition for the authorship .
Judge Nathaniel Holmes 1884
Bacon 's style varied almost as much as his handwriting ; but it was influenced more by the subject matter than by youth or old age .
Few men have shown equal versatility in adapting their language to the slightest shade of circumstance and purpose .
Dr. Edwin Abbott
There are far more allusions to the stage and acting in Bacon 's works than there are in Shakespeare .
R. Eagle , , New Views for Old , 1930
" This play ( Love 's Labour 's Lost ) is tailor - made for Bacon 's authorship " Nigel Cockburn , author of The Bacon - Shakespeare Question 1998
" To write with powerful effect , he must write out the life he has led , as did Bacon when he wrote Shakespeare . "
Mark Twain
" Will be ready to furnish a Masque " Francis Bacon in Letter to his Uncle , Lord Burleigh .
1 . The only Shakespeare notebook , a collection of expressions , phrases , and sentences , many of which appear in the Shakespeare plays .
This is the Promus , written by Francis Bacon .
This notebook has not been mentioned by a single Shakespeare biographer .
( There is a very good psychological reason why orthodox scholarship is so concerned to repudiate any suggestion of Lord Bacon 's connection with Shake - speare .
This is to protect the Bard ( whom all admire , whoever he was ) from the stigma of Lord Bacon 's supposed corruption , which they in their ignorance take for granted . - Martin Pares )
2 . The only contemporary document bearing the names of Shakespeare and Bacon and the titles of two Shakespeare plays ( Richard II and Richard III ) and Shakespeare phrases .
The Northumberland Manuscript which resides where it was discovered in Alnwick Castle , can be found an interesting juxtaposition of Bacon 's Christian name and William Shakespeare .
The page consists of a contents list of speeches and other manuscripts .
Underneath " by ffrancis William Shakespeare " we read " Richard II and Richard III . "
Over the word ' ffrancis ' is written another word which it is impossible to read until the whole page is turned upside down .
Then it is seen that the word is ' ffrancis ' and next to it , also upside down , are the words , ' your sovereign . '
The long word in Love 's Labour 's Lost also appears in the Northumberland Manuscript .
The probable date of the Manuscript is 1597 .
3. Bacon - Shakespeare Coincidences
4 . The Manes Verulamiani , a collection of obituary poems written in honor of Bacon by his friends , in Latin , some of which quote the expressions used on the Shakespeare monument in the Stratford church .
Several of these tributes praise Bacon for his comedies , tragedies and poetry .
5 . Bacon 's royal parentage , may be considered one of several reasons for his anonymity as author .
6. Bacon 's knowledge of Hermetic , Rosicrucian , Neoplatonic and Kabbalistic teaching .
Rosicrucian themes are found in :
7 . That Bacon was known as a poet by his contemporaries is validated by their tributes .
( Yet this prodigious writer left hardly any poetry printed under his own name . )
Perhaps the most important proof of the esteem in which he was held is exhibited in the " Great Assizes Holden in Parnassus " published in 1645 .
a ) Bacon as a concealed Poet : Contemporary Evidence b) Bacon as a concealed Poet : Posthumous Eulogies c ) Bacon as a concealed Poet :
His own Admission
8 . The nonsense word in Love 's Labour 's Lost , honorificabilitudinitatibus .
9. Letter from Bacon to King James , Nov.1622 :
" ... for my pen , if contemplative , going on with The Historie of Henry the Eighth . "
Letter from Bacon to the Duke of Buckingham , 21 February 1623 :
... Prince Charles " who , I hope , ere long will make me leave King Henry VIII and set me on work in relation to His Majesty 's adventures . "
Letter from Bacon to the Duke of Buckingham , 26 June 1623 :
" ... since you say the Prince hath not forgot his commandment touching my history of Henry VIII . "
January 1623 .
Bacon applied to the records office for the loan of archive documents relating to the reign of Henry VIII .
December 1623 ' The Historie of King Henry VIII ' printed for the first time in the Shakespeare First Folio .
A brief , 30 - line summary of Henry 's reign was printed after Bacon 's death under his own name .
10 . The St. Albans Mural , in the White Hart Inn , dated 1600 illustrating scenes from Venus and Adonis .
At least six details have been found which link this large painting with Bacon , his nearby house at Gorhambury , the Rosicrucians , led by Bacon , and the Shakespeare plays .
One of the six rules imposed on members of the Rosicrucian order , was anonymity for a hundred years .
If this mural had been discovered in Stratford , or Bankside , it would have been mentioned in all books on the life of Shakespeare since its discovery in 1985 .
It has not been mentioned once .
11 . How the Shakespeare Plays Fit Bacon's Life - Story
12 . See Bacon 's influence behind ' The Comedy of Errors ' , ' Julius Caesar ' & ' Anthony and Cleopatra '
13 .
Thirty - Two reasons for believing that Bacon wrote Shakespeare
14 . Francis Bacon and Timon of Athens
15 . A Perspective on Bacon & Hamlet
16 . Another viewpoint on Bacon and Hamlet
17 . The Ghost or Spirit in Hamlet and Bacon 's scientific observations on the nature of Spirit
18 . Contemporary Evidence of Bacon linked to the Stage & Bacon 's integration of Stagecraft with his other Writings
19 . Frequent references made by Bacon regarding the Theatre and Stage
20 . Mutual Themes ( Manners , Mind and Morals ) are found in the works of Bacon & the Shakespeare Plays
21 . Mutual thoughts and subjects can be found in the works of Bacon and Shakespeare collated by W.F.C . Wigston in his book Francis Bacon : Poet , Prophet , Philosopher , Versus Phantom Captain Shakespeare The Rosicrucian Mask
22 . Transcript from a lecture given on April 28 , 1910 in St. Albans : Bacon wrote Shakespeare
23 . Bacon's Essay of Gardens and the Shakespeare play , the Winter 's Tale
24 . Bacon 's writings on Hope , Wonder and Love can be found throughout the Shake - Speare plays and poems .
25 .
After the 1622 Quarto edition was first printed many changes to Othello could be found a year later in the 1623 Folio edition .
Find out how these changes suggest that the author was Francis Bacon .
26 . The Shakespeare Myth
27 . The Medicine in Shakespeare - medical references in various Shakespeare plays are attributed to Dr.William Harvey who was Bacon 's physician and teacher when they met at Caius College , hence the character Master Doctor Caius in the Merry Wives of Windsor .
Dr. Harvey is noted for a discovery about blood circulation which was made after William Shaksper 's death in 1616 and yet his discovery is in the the play Merry Wives .
28 . The Tempest and Bacon 's History of the Winds
29 . Francis Bacon and Macbeth , & King James
30 . Francis Bacon and Richard II
31 . The Tempest uses details from a private letter from one William Strachey to which Bacon , but not Shakspere , had access .
Bacon almost certainly drafted a report of the Virginia Company which likewise draws on the letter .
32 . Outline and Summary : What evidence points to Bacon as the author of the Shakespeare Plays ?
*****
Please send your comments to l awrencegerald33@yahoo.com
Thanks to Francis Carr of the Shakespeare Authorship Information Centre
By George Rohrbacher , NORML Board of Directors , medical marijuana patient .
The Rohrbachers , farming family feeding America since 1972 .
It is said that almost everyone in the marijuana law reform movement has a seminal moment they can point to when their public activism started .
My moment was in the fall , six years ago .
I ’m a past president of our local Kiwanis Club .
I ’ve been a member for years ; we meet for breakfast at 6:30 am , every Wednesday morning .
My fateful “ activism moment ” was meeting face - to - face with one morning ’s Kiwanis Club program , our town ’s newly acquired dope dog .
Some rock - ribbed citizen had left money in his will for the city to buy a dope dog for our town of 3,000 , in a county of 18,000 people .
The dog ’s handler and the police chief were up at the speaker ’s table .
I had to fight back the urge to turn around and run .
As I sat down at my usual spot , ordered breakfast and clipped on my Kiwanis Club nametag , my heart was just racing !
Thank God , my neck pain had not been severe enough that morning that it had required some marijuana medication , because , I imagined , triggered by the smell of freshly consumed ganja , that huge German Shepard would have leaped from the podium to pin me down to the floor , the dog ’s sharp white teeth snarling and snapping at my throat .
As we went through club business about our kid ’s reading program , ate breakfast and conducted the normal chit - chat that makes Kiwanis Club so enjoyable , I slowly calmed myself .
I had not been found out as a marijuana user , yet .
There was no need for me to panic , because the likelihood that I would be found out now by this agent of the state , was growing smaller and smaller by the moment .
But , as the primal fear drained away , it started to piss me off ; this dope dog was invading my space .
The dog handler got up and spoke glowingly about his charge , the alpha male of his litter .
This dog had been born of a long and impressive pedigree in Baden - something , formerly East Germany .
Looking at me from across the room was the pride of the jack - booted police state , the purebred German Shepard — smart , vicious , relentless .
The dog handler went chirping on , to mostly nodding heads , about what a fantastic dog he had and how many pot busts he had already made with it .
Suddenly , all I could think was :
This dog was born in East Germany , it ’s father could have pulled someone down off the Berlin Wall … this dog ’s great - grandfather would have marched the Jews or Gypsies to the ovens at Buchenwald or Auschwitz …
And now , my own little town had a new resident from the same police dog gene pool that serviced the two most brutal totalitarian regimes in the history of the mankind !
Scenes from my childhood of when German Shepards attacked the Civil Rights marchers at Selma floated before my eyes …
This well - groomed dog was a tool of the modern police state in all its scariest manifestations .
The more I thought about it , the madder and madder I got .
I paid my breakfast bill and left in the first wave .
I drove back out to the ranch and fed our cows their daily ration of hay , all the while mulling over my close brush with the dope dog .
By the time I got done with my chores and back to the house , I absolutely had to do something !
I picked up my telephone and called NORML , and I volunteered for the fight that very day … our fight for “ life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness … ”
Marijuana prohibition is a corrupt and evil social institution , just like the Berlin Wall was .
For generations both have been symbols of the ruthless and relentless oppression of the state .
Then , one day , by the sheer weight of internal political rot and thousands of little hammers , the Berlin Wall came down , and it came down virtually overnight !
Marijuana Prohibition is just as corrupt and evil as the Wall , and it , also , is rotting internally from seven decades of injustice .
It , too , is ready for collapse .
Help NORML take down Marijuana Prohibition … throw down some cash , send out our warriors / winners of the NORML Pro-Pot Ad Campaign for a national cable advertising campaign for as little as $.08 per 30 - second ad !
Please help us roll public opinion past the tipping point to legalization .
The time for us to strike is now !
Marijuana issues are before two - dozen state legislatures , at this very moment , California just introduced the nation ’s first bill to tax and regulate pot like alcohol !
Cable ad pricing has never been better than it is at this moment .
We ’ve now got NORML ’s awesome winning video ads … you ’ve got a few bucks … let ’s put ‘em together and cover America with NORML ads .
Get into the Fight !
Help NORML kick electronic ass !
Examples of NORML cable TV buys :
- Cable Cannabis Blitz -
33,000 , 30 - second TV ads , broadcast 6AM - Midnight on cable packages during programming from ESPN , CNN , CNBC , Weather Channel , MSNBC , MTV , VH - 1 , BET , Animal Planet , E ! , Bravo and 10 other major cable programmers for the cost of …$ 2,750 … or approximately 8 cents / per ad !
This ad package will reach an estimated 1.6 million households in 187 markets .
That is right !
NORML can now purchase TV spots for only 8 cents .
- Women and Weed -
Approximately 1,500 , 30 - second TV ads , targeting women ’s programming ( Oxygen , Soap , Lifetime , Style , WE , etc… ) for $ 1,200 .
This ad package will reach an estimated 27.5 million households in 90 major markets .
What is the cost per ad in this package ?
80 cents per TV ad !
- Men and Marijuana -
Approximately 2,600 , 30 - second TV ads , 27.5 million households targeting men ’s programming ( Comedy Central , ESPN , Speed , Versus , Sci - Fi , Golf Channel , etc… ) for $ 4,900 , which boils down to $ 1.88 / per ad .
Get out your friggin’ wallets and purses people .
Get in the fight and please help us !!!
NOW !
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Matt Walker
Earth News
Know thy neighbour : sagebrush plants warn clones of impending danger Plants may be able to recognise themselves .
Experiments show that a sagebrush plant can recognise a genetically identical cutting growing nearby .
What 's more , the two clones communicate and cooperate with one another , to avoid being eaten by herbivores .
The findings , published in Ecology Letters , raise the tantalising possibility that plants , just like animals , often prefer to help their relatives over unrelated individuals .
The ability to distinguish self from non-self is a vital one in nature .
It allows many animals to act preferentially towards others that are genetically related to themselves ; for example , a female lion raising her young , or protecting other more distantly related cubs in her pride .
But the evidence that plants can do the same is limited and controversial .
It implies that plants are capable of more sophisticated behaviour than we imagined
Biologist Richard Karban
Some experiments have shown that if a plant 's roots grow near to those of another unrelated plant , the two will try to compete for nutrients and water .
But if a root grows close to another from the same parent plant , the two do not try to compete with one another .
However , in these experiments , when two cuttings of the same plant are then grown alongside each other , their roots still compete for resources .
That implies that two separate plants cannot recognise that they are genetic kin .
Now research by Richard Karban of the University of California , in Davis , US and Kaori Shiojiri of Kyoto University in Otsu , Japan has revealed that some plants are capable of doing just that .
Keep it in the family
They took cuttings of Artemisia tridentata , a species of sagebrush that does not normally reproduce by cloning itself .
They placed each cutting either near its genetic parent , essentially its clone , or near an unrelated sagebrush , and let the plants grow in the wild in the University of California Sagehen Creek Natural Reserve .
The researchers clipped each clone they planted , feigning damage that might be caused by natural herbivores such as grasshoppers .
After one year , they found that plants growing alongside their damaged clones suffered 42 % less herbivore damage than those growing alongside damaged plants that were unrelated .
Somehow , the clipped plants appeared to be warning their genetically identical neighbours that an attack was imminent , and the neighbour should somehow try to protect itself .
But clipped plants did n't warn unrelated neighbours .
Karban says he was " pretty surprised " at the results .
" It implies that plants are capable of more sophisticated behaviour than we imagined . "
Karban suspects the plants are communicating using volatile chemicals .
When one plant is clipped , or comes under attack from herbivores , it emits these chemicals into the air , warning those around it to put up a defence , either by filling their leaves with noxious chemicals , or by physically moving their stems or leaves in some way to make themselves less palatable .
Because his team does n't yet know exactly how the plants are communicating , others remain sceptical of the research , Karban admits .
" It 's controversial , " he says .
" But through this communication process , sagebrush appears able to distinguish self from non self .
And that opens up a lot of other possibilities . "
Not least is that wild plants may preferentially be cooperating with their relatives .
There is no hard evidence yet to show this is true , says Karban .
But he hopes others will now do more research to investigate the possibility .
In animals , cooperation between related individuals is recognised to be a powerful evolutionary force , one that has been given its own name : kin selection .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
To me , getting this bill passed is like winning half the battle .
Well , 1/3 of the battle .
Bringing about justice for the 9/11 attacks , and reversing everything that has happened in the name of that day to the best of our ability would be the other 2/3 .
- Jon
GILLIBRAND , SCHUMER , LAUTENBERG , MENENDEZ TO INTRODUCE JAMES ZADROGA 9/11 HEALTH AND COMPENSATION ACT IN THE U.S. SENATE
Today at 8:07 pm
First Time Comprehensive 9/11 Health Legislation Will Be Introduced In Senate
Mayor Bloomberg and Representatives Maloney , Nadler , King , and McMahon to Join Gillibrand to Help Provide Treatment for Community Members , First Responders Suffering From 9/11 - Related Health Effects
Joseph Zadroga , Fire Lt. Marty Fullam , Others Affected by Rescue and Clean - Up Efforts to Tell Their Stories
Washington , D.C. – U.S. Senator Kirsten Gillibrand will be joined by Senators Charles E. Schumer , Frank R. Lautenberg , and Robert Menendez and Representatives Carolyn Maloney , Jerrold Nadler , Peter King and Michael McMahon , along with New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg and 9/11 first responders , construction workers , clean - up workers and community members who have suffered from the long term health effects of working at Ground Zero to introduce the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation
Act – the first comprehensive 9/11 health legislation to ever be introduced in the U.S. Senate .
Thousands were lost on the morning of September 11 , 2001 , but today , thousands more – including first responders , area residents , workers , students and others – are sick and getting sicker from exposure to toxins released from the collapse of the World Trade Center Towers .
The 9/11 Health and Compensation
Act would ensure proper monitoring and treatment for the innocent men , women and children that face life - threatening health effects due to the toxins released at Ground Zero in the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks .
WHO : Senator Kirsten Gillibrand
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg
Senator Charles E. Schumer
Senator Frank R. Lautenberg
Senator Robert Menendez
Reps .
Carolyn Maloney , Jerrold Nadler , Peter King , Michael E. McMahon
Joseph Zadroga , father of James Zadroga , the first known death from 9/11 - related illness
Fire Lt. Marty Fullam
Ken George , city worker involved in clean - up efforts
Other First Responders , Construction Workers , Clean - Up Workers
New York City Area Residents
DATE : Wednesday , June 24 , 2009
TIME : 10:00 AM
PLACE : 301 Russell Senate Office Building
Washington , D.C .
By Finlo Rohrer
BBC News Magazine
With an £ 80 m transfer price , Cristiano Ronaldo has become the most expensive footballer ever .
But for those who do n't follow the game or the celebrity world which accompanies it , why is he so talked about ?
Manchester United , Britain 's biggest football club , is about to become £ 80 m richer after agreeing to sell its star player Cristiano Ronaldo .
Since the Portuguese player came to these shores in 2003 he has been an object of constant fascination for the press , fans and celebrity watchers .
Even those with more pressing things to occupy their time will have found it almost impossible to ignore his impact on British life .
Here , for the footballing unfaithful , we explain five reasons why he has been so talked about .
THE SWERVING FREE KICK Football fans are used to seeing prolific free kickers rippling the back of the net .
But most free kick specialists score their goals either from curling the ball into a corner of the net , or opting for a straight blast from closer in .
It 's the physics of chaos that determines Ronaldo 's free kicks whereas David Beckham 's are entirely deliberate
Dr Ken Bray
The science behind the swerve Ronaldo on the other hand seems to be able to do something fairly rare with the ball .
His best free kicks typically come a long way from goal , with the 24 - year - old midfielder planting himself legs wide apart , before blasting the ball .
From this distance he can achieve slight but unpredictable movements on the ball , left and then right , up and then down , leaving goalkeepers looking very foolish .
Notable examples include his free kicks against Portsmouth last season and Arsenal in the recent Champions League semi-final .
But perhaps the best example , says physicist Dr Ken Bray , author of How To Score - Science And The Beautiful Game , was against Fulham in 2006 .
" [ Fulham goalkeeper Antti ] Niemi is not a stupid goalkeeper , he moves to cover the ball when it 's moving to his right .
He is completely fooled when it moves and beats him to his left , " says Dr Bray , from Bath University .
" It 's the physics of chaos that determines Ronaldo 's free kicks whereas David Beckham 's are entirely deliberate . "
Dr Bray has explained , in the Magazine , the physics of such a swerving kick in detail before .
But heavily paraphrased , balls have peculiar aerodynamic qualities , and the modern ball can be particularly peculiar .
Balls flying through the air have a " boundary layer " , a layer of airflow around them that hugs the surface .
Imperfections in the surface of the ball can affect this layer and cause a deviation in flight .
Older balls had more panels and raised stitching on them .
These numerous imperfections on the surface made for more predictable flight .
Modern balls have fewer panels and little in the way of raised stitching .
The modern balls , when hit with minimal spin , can fly straight , then as one of the few imperfections slowly rotates in the air flow , a sudden deviation can occur .
Ronaldo is perhaps not the greatest user of this bit of physics .
That title might be accorded to Brazilian midfielded Juninho Pernambucano , of French side Lyon .
But Ronaldo is the only consistent practitioner in the Premiership .
" On all the replays I 've looked at it will move two or possibly three times in flight , " says Dr Bray .
And the result ?
Regularly embarrassed goalkeepers .
DIVING
Episodes like this did not endear Ronaldo to opposition fans
Diving or simulation is one area of football that regularly generates fan " ire " .
After his arrival in the UK in 2003 , Ronaldo quickly came to be regarded as one of the worst culprits .
Fans became used to seeing Ronaldo , face contorted with agony , back arched , limbs limp , as he fell to the ground , before rolling around and getting up to score the resultant penalty .
The criticism was twofold - that Ronaldo and other players simulated contact where there had been none , and that they exaggerated the effect of actual contact .
A viral animation did the rounds on e-mail .
It showed a stick man Ronaldo repeatedly stepping over the ball , with an opposition stick man player in attendance .
After a few stepovers , the opposition stick man kicks the ball away and the Ronaldo stick man falls to the ground and rolls around in agony .
Sport columnists raised their eyebrows at his " antics " .
He was described as " diving around more than Jacques Cousteau " .
Middlesbrough manager Gareth Southgate was one strident critic of the practice .
But there have also been many fans who have noted Ronaldo 's reputation for diving has worked against him in a " boy who cries wolf " sort of way , and also that there were , and are , plenty of other Premier League players who also regularly dive .
Robert Pires and Thierry Henry , as well as current stars Steven Gerrard and Didier Drogba have had their own brickbats .
THE RONALDO BRAND / LOOK The Cristiano Ronaldo ' brand ' is ready for development
As well as filling the back pages , Cristiano Ronaldo has also featured in the non-sport bits of our newspapers .
He was far from the first famous preening footballer - see everyone from David Beckham all the way back to George Best - in the UK .
But to some he represented the concept 's apogee .
The tabloids would picture him during the off season by the pool in some sunny resort , looking as though he'd been painted with an outdoor varnish .
The Daily Mail has made repeated references to his " deep mahogany " tint .
And his every fashion move was analysed as he spent time in the US last summer while recovering from ankle surgery - his wearing of a rosary - style necklace , his aviator sunglasses , or his white suit at a premiere .
Only recently the tabs expressed incredulity at Ronaldo 's attire - pink flower in ear , matching pink cap with CR7 logo , aviators , super - tight white shorts and powder blue polo shirt .
But this distinctive appearance is part of why Real Madrid are paying £ 80 m for him .
Having acquired David Beckham in the past , they know the commercial value of a star that will earn sponsorships through his look as well as his play .
A big part will be his female fanbase .
" Footballers are now celebrities in their own rights .
They are a brand in the way Coke or Pepsi is a brand , " says Cosmopolitan magazine 's celebrity director Lizzi Hosking .
" The reason women fancy him , he has got this kind of arrogance about him .
There 's something that 's so not British about him .
He 's not like any guy you would bump into the pub .
He puts a lot of thought into what he wears . "
RONALDO'S EXPRESSIVE FACE
The many expressive faces of Cristiano Ronaldo
For enemies of Manchester United , of which there are many , the greatest Schadenfreude to be found in a defeat for the team is usually to be located in Ronaldo 's facial expressions .
When the team is defeated , the images of his quivering bottom lip and red eyes tell more than a thousand words .
Ronaldo 's face is extraordinarily expressive .
He pouts , frowns , grimaces , grins , roars and cries like an actor hamming it up in an early silent film .
And such vigour is put into both his celebrations and his tantrums , that other players ' fist pumps , finger shushes and head - in - hands gestures do not seem to carry the same weight .
One occasion that his expressive face got him into trouble was after the 2006 World Cup , when his " wink " as Wayne Rooney was sent off caused uproar back in Blighty .
The usually level - headed TV pundit Alan Shearer afterwards suggested that Rooney might " stick one on " Ronaldo training .
BIG GAME PLAYER ?
Ronaldo has been accused in the past of not being a ' big - game player '
Remember the kids at school who would n't pass the ball to anyone as he laboured over imitating the fancy footwork of his footballing idols , only to end it with a limp shot at goal , and a round of groans from his team mates .
That 's Ronaldo , sort of .
Initial criticism of Ronaldo from fans of opposing teams tended to centre on his lack of " end product " .
It was suggested he would follow many mazy dribbles with a lacklustre pass to his potential goal scoring colleagues .
When this area of his game improved immensely , a new strand of criticism arose - that while a great player against humdrum teams , he was anonymous in big matches against teams of similar stature to Manchester United .
When the team was badly beaten - as against AC Milan in 2007 - the pundits ' criticism usually started with Ronaldo .
But with Ronaldo 's goal in the 2008 final to decide the champion team of Europe , he was said by many to have proved his doubters wrong .
And when he led his team to a crushing victory over Arsenal in the Champions League semi-final this year , the message was reinforced .
Now he will probably be playing his big game elsewhere .
Below is a selection of your comments .
A seemingly useless buy .
Ronaldo failed to make a sustained impression in the recent Final against Real 's biggest opponents - Barcelona .
With £ 56 M for Kaka , we 're in the ' The Galacticos , Part II ' .
This policy of Perez ' failed before .
In Spain , there 's general disapproval of the price paid , especially in the crisis and with unemployment close to 20 %
Paul Tempany , Seville , Spain
A sublime talent matched by his enormous self regard .
He 'll never win as many honours with Real Madrid as he's won with Manchester United ( I 'm not a United fan ) .
If he was going to go to any other club in order to fulfil his potential , it should have been Barcelona , but they would never have agreed to his wage demands .
Goodbye Ronaldo , the Premier League has had the best of you , but there are aspects of your game that wo n't be missed .
Rob Lovett , Swindon , UK Sorry , but the only bit of this article that appeals is the headline ...
Nice try to explain stuff to we , the uninterested , but the problem is that - well , we 're uninterested .
Justie , London
What about the stepovers and the fantastic tricks ?
I 'm a Liverpool fan , but I tuned into Match of the Day every week not to watch my team play out a mind - numbing draw with some mid-table outfit , but to watch Ronaldo leaving the best defenders in the game flat on their backs .
Monty , York , UK Ronaldo has it made .
He knows that 40 % of people probably dislike him , however it has a double effect whereby the other 60 % love him .
The thing that makes Ronaldo successful is not only his mind boggling skills but he has a air of arrogance about him .
This is n't always a bad thing especially in sport as this leads to complete faith and confidence in himself , which almost everyone watching wants to have plus he can produce some stuff .
He is basically what every 10 year old boy wants to be when he is playing on the school field with his mates - he 's the fantasy that runs through your head when playing .
He has a world class team by his side , the media watching his every move and he has the best platform to show off on whilst being paid mega bucks - what 's not to like ?
D Aitken , London
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was officially returned for a second term Iran 's top electoral body , the Guardian Council , has confirmed the victory of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in the presidential election after a partial recount .
News of the decision , which comes after a series of protests by the opposition against what it says was a rigged ballot , was announced by state TV .
The 12 - strong council is the most influential body in Iran and is currently controlled by conservatives .
Some 17 people are thought to have died during opposition street protests .
" The secretary of the Guardian Council in a letter to the interior minister announced the final decision of the Council ... and declares the approval of the accuracy of the results of ... the presidential election , " the state broadcaster said .
A partial recount of the election carried out on Monday showed no irregularities in the vote , Iran 's English - language Press TV television station added , according to Reuters news agency .
Mr Ahmadinejad was officially re-elected with 63 % of the vote on 12 June .
His main challenger , Mir Hossein Mousavi , has said the whole election should be annulled and held again .
Reports say there were clashes on Monday in central Tehran between opposition demonstrators trying to form a human chain and security forces .
Red lines
The Guardian Council had ruled earlier that any irregularities in the polling would not affect the result of the election .
For many Iranians the latest ruling confirming Mr Ahmadinejad 's victory was seen as rubber - stamping fraud , says the BBC's Jeremy Bowen in Tehran .
Iran 's crisis since the presidential election has taken the Islamic Republic into new and unknown territory , our correspondent says .
All sorts of red lines have been crossed , with unprecedented public condemnation of the supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamanei , he adds .
Iran has been left with a divided ruling elite that has been having a public quarrel , our correspondent says .
During the mass rallies a broad - based opposition coalition emerged .
It did not have effective leadership so the authorities were able to take the initiative back , helped by a security crackdown and hundreds , some say several thousand , arrests .
The people who took to the streets are still angry about what happened , our correspondent adds , and the authorities must fear that anger , because it could explode again .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Make Me a Supermodel runner - up Shanina
Shaik is set to become a Victoria 's Secret model just like fellow Victorian Miranda Kerr .
:: Miranda vs Shanina Fashion Face Off
:: See photos of Miranda Kerr
:: Victoria 's Secret Show 2008
The 18 - year - old from Werribee in Victoria moved to New York in January to chase her dream of becoming a supermodel .
The move has paid off , having been booked for an impressive 10 shows in her first season .
Shaik is now set to become a Victoria 's Secret model after impressing agents at a recent casting .
Becoming a Victoria 's Secret model would be " the ultimate dream job " , Shaik told ninemsn .
This film was made to instruct police officers on the basics of childbirth and to show them an actual birth - mostly so they would n't panic or pass out when confronted with such a scenario .
The poor acting by actual police officers and doctors and low production values in this film make the live birth scene even more shocking than others from this genre .
plus -circle Add Review
comment Reviews
Reviewer : flojogrande - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - November 7 , 2018
Subject : Everything You Wanted to Know About Sudden Birth *
Coming soon !
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt8990520/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1
( * but were afraid to ask ) Coming soon !
- November 7 , 2018 Everything You Wanted to Know About Sudden Birth *
Reviewer : JayKay49 - - January 24 , 2016
Subject : I Can Just Imagine Them Showing This Film ... ... to the pudgy metro boyettes in police training today .
Oh well ... they'd have their noses buried in their iphones anyway .
So what 's a little blood .
- January 24 , 2016I Can Just Imagine Them Showing This Film ...
Reviewer : capri1955 - favorite favorite favorite - August 6 , 2013
Subject : Oh. My. Lord .
If ever there was a film making women look TOTALLY clueless , this has GOT to be it .
Having had a BAD experience with a hospital birth in 73 , I went on to have 2 home births .
Both of my home births were considered to be " high risk " , & I had been told I could not have a natural birth baby over 7 pounds .
Well , my daughter was 10 lbs5&1/2oz .
My last baby was a footling breech , & in today 's litigious society was ILLEGAL to home birth .
What this movie shows is that by 1966 , women were fully convinced by the AMA that they could n't POSSIBLY birth a baby outside a hospital or without a doctor .
Some people find this movie amusing , I find it infuriating .
Especially since in 2013 women are more than EVER convinced they can't do this without interventions .
This accounts for the horrid rate of c-sections ever climbing .
Yet , in America , where we know SO much , our infant / mother stats for survival are closer to a 3rd world country .
There IS indeed a lot to learn from this movie .
It 's really a testament to what went wrong & what will keep getting worse the more we forget our innate capabilities .
And MAN !
Why did that dude NOT put the baby on the mothers chest ?
They made it look like she was such an invalid she could n't even hold him !
And too , the open legs shots were WAY to many & too long .
Sheesh .
Anyone see " Birth " in Monty Python 's " The Meaning of Life " ?
Perfect depiction .
PERFECT . - August 6 , 2013 Oh .
My. Lord .
Reviewer : Rooftopjump - favorite - July 13 , 2012
Subject : Hamming it down
No Oscar winners here and pardon us for making a such a mess of your back seat .
At least the interior lights of cars then were operating theatre bright .
- July 13 , 2012 Hamming it down
Reviewer : Tprof - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - February 21 , 2012
Subject : More Real Than Real Educational movies for US officers in the Sixties were really tough !
I wonder : how were the movies that explained how to deal with a serial killer ???
- February 21 , 2012 More Real Than Real
Reviewer : blakta2 - favorite favorite favorite - October 5 , 2011
Subject : I forgot one other thing junya , you are mean and horrible as well .
- October 5 , 2011I forgot one other thing
Reviewer : iwerksub - favorite favorite favorite - August 26 , 2011
Subject : hot480277 is an asshole you 're an asshole .
didja hear me ?
- August 26 , 2011hot480277 is an asshole
Reviewer : hot480277 - favorite favorite favorite favorite - January 6 , 2011
Subject : WTF , junya ?
You have to be kidding .
What on earth would possess you to gon on such a feminazi rant ?
I 'm sure everything you posted is EXACTLY what the producers of this film were thinking back in ' 66 .
Or ...
Maybe they really were trying to show the process of childbirth and some basic techniques for keeping calm during a stressful situation ( especially with a panicing bystander ) .
Take your bra out of the fire and get over yourself .
Oh , and the movie was pretty good .
- January 6 , 2011WTF , junya ?
Reviewer : junya - - December 18 , 2010
Subject : Birth : do n't try this at home , kids !
Here 's a movie with a message .
Ladies , obey this : a birth is best handled by a doctor ( man ) .
But if you can't get a doctor , then step back and let the police ( man ) do his job .
DON'T call a woman , like your neighbor , to do a man 's job .
She will not keep calm .
She will be scared , get a flat tire , nag the man doing the job , overreact , then fish for compliments .
Woman at a birth : silly and frightened .
Policeman at a birth : terrific .
How did humanity survive before we had robotic - voiced police / doctors to deliver babies , and had to rely on midwives , relatives , or neighbors - those silly frightened women ?
Would n't it make more sense to provide this training to the community ( who will be there when needed ) than diverting police from their job of upholding power and superiority through force ?
- December 18 , 2010 Birth : do n't try this at home , kids !
Reviewer : noseachusma - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - October 13 , 2010
Subject : WOW !
Now THAT is a startling little gem !
First I gasped , then I giggled like an adolescent !
Most importantly , I am in no way UNclear about what to do at a Sudden Birth !
- October 13 , 2010WOW !
Reviewer : doowopbob - favorite - February 26 , 2010
Subject : Do Your Homework !
Geeze .......... The Whole Film Is A Set - Up ............. Read End Credit Folks ........ The " Officer " Who Delivered Baby Was A Doctor Wearing A Police Uniform !........ She Was " Prepped " Prior To Filming .. Car Was Probably In Back Lot Of Hospital .. The Whole Thing Was Planned Out In Advance .... The Dumbing Down Of America Is , Sadly Alive & Well .... On This Site Anyway .... You Can Fool Some Of The People , Some Of The Time ......... But Here It 's No Contest !
Thinking Is A Lost Cause .. People Just Want To Babble On Without Getting The Facts ............. Must Be Mostly Republicans I Guess !....... And Some Of You Need To Get Your G.E.D .... It 's Never Too Late !.... Just Think .... You Will Be Able To Move Out Of Your Trailer !.. Somnii Your A JERK ..! - February 26 , 2010 Do Your Homework !
Reviewer : marionmedic - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - October 29 , 2009
Subject : Good film for it 's day .
I think it was great for the year it was made .
In fact , these officers would have been excellent candidates for the Paramedics program that came into being in the 70's .
I think a lot of people forget that we have only had Ambulances with TRAINED people on them since 1970's .
Before that , it was hit or miss if you would live all the way to the hospital .
- October 29 , 2009
Good film for it 's day .
Reviewer : Pastiche - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - October 3 , 2009
Subject :
That baby 's cooling off fast !
Everyone , including the mother , seems oblivious to the fact that the newborn is totally uncovered .
Having just come out of the very warm and cozy womb , he 's still wet , cooling off rapidly , and in danger of hypothermia .
Sheesh .
I 'm giving this five stars for amusement value .
- October 3 , 2009
That baby 's cooling off fast !
Reviewer : jonel469 - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - December 27 , 2008
Subject : Keep Calm
Wow , where to begin ?
First I liked how when Officer Bob left the police station he was in a ' 64 Impala and in the next shot he 's in a Ford .
Neat trick Bob !
He 's a cop , no he 's a doctor , no he 's a magician !
Guess there was no money in the budget for continunity just as there was no money in the budget for sound editing .
And then we meet dear officer Chuck .
" First you conquer your own fear , and then you you have it ! , by calming her , making her comfortable .
You ask her to remove her underclothes , You 've already asked for the ambulance , and natures about to take it 's course .
From there on it's mostly what You do n't , not what You do .
You do n't interfere with a natural sequence of events " .
For a second there I did n't know if Chuck was talking about assisting a live birth or some of my dates .
Next I liked how Linda reacted when Bob asks how Ann is doing .
" I'm scared , I did n't think , oh why did I get a flat tire " .
Me Me
Me it 's all about Me , forget about ann who 's in LABOR !
Then Bob sticks his head into the back and asks
Ann how she 's doing and she just looks at him and says nothing .
Good thing for Bob it was n't my wife or they would have needed a sound editor !
Bob pulls off another neat trick after moving his crusier .
He gets out and asks Linda " How is she , what 's the situation ? "
Gee Bob have n't you figured that out by now ?
Anyway Linda is on the right side of the back door , then in the next shot she has been transported to the left side of the back door .
Oh that Bob !
Even in an emergency he can still slip in a little prestidigitation .
Ann has the baby and everything comes out alright , then Officer Pete shows up .
When Bob tells
Pete that the cord has n't been cut , Pete tells Bob " Now remember thats not your job Bob , lets take a look now " .
And he does , pronouncing that " everything looks shipshape !
" Poor Ann , first she goes into labor at night when her husband is god only knows where , then apparently her only way to the hospital is getting a ride from her unthinking self - centered neighbor , in her piece of junk plymouth with bald tires , which gets a flat , Wherein she gives birth with the help of magician / doctor / cop / wannabe actor Officer Bob !
But hey at least she has the Officer Pete seal of approval !
Pete procedes to have Bob cut the cord even though he just told him that it was n't his job .
Anyone else confused ?
Handing Bob a plastic bag for the placenta
Pete informs us that the doctor will " examine it and can tell if all of it came out and other things I guess . "
Thanks
Pete that is very helpful information .
But Pete is a helpful guy , he hands Bob a pad and tells him to put it between her legs like a santairy napkin .
I have to assume that Pete knows that Bob has had a lot of experience helping women with thier kotex and will know exactly what to do .
Finally we get to the hospital and meet the doctor , except he is n't a doctor .
The consultation scene is so bizarre it 's sublime in it 's absurdity .
A cop that is not a cop but a doctor speaking with a doctor that is not a doctor but what ?, an unemployed actor ?
Can't tell from the credits , just gives his real name .
Then having the doctor that 's not a doctor telling the cop that is a doctor that it 's probably better not to cut the cord after all !
OMG you can't write this stuff , or maybe you can since Marena Skibo is credited as script supervisor .
If there was a script supervisor then there must have been a script and they were n't making it up as they weny along .
All in all so bad it 's good and you have to give lots of credit to Ann( Andrea Lajoie ) for having the guts to make this film in 1966 .
- December 27 , 2008 Keep Calm
Reviewer : scanner - michael - greenlee - favorite favorite favorite favorite - August 25 , 2008
Subject : Backseat Just making sure , but no one thinks she was * actually * in the backseat of car , do they ?
She 's on a black table with white props around her made to look like the interior .
Then it cuts to exterior shots , filmed who knows when .
- August 25 , 2008 Backseat
Reviewer : Dr_Dugong - favorite favorite favorite favorite - August 7 , 2008
Subject : I thought it all was real !
I adore every aspect of this film .
From the poorly planned harsh lighting to the sheer awkward discomfort , this film is a gem .
Thank the gods we have doowopbob to set us straight and give life changing advice concerning an obscure ephemeral film no gives a serious thought to .
Keep looking out for us and pointing out inaccurate opinions on meaningless subjects .
The douchebag can't even format his statements in a rational manner .
- August 7 , 2008 I thought it all was real !
Reviewer : EricJ - favorite favorite favorite favorite - July 30 , 2008
Subject :
Think of volunteering to have a baby for this film !
The woman who had the baby in this film should be congratulated for her sacrifice of service !
4 stars for Mom ! - July 30 , 2008
Think of volunteering to have a baby for this film !
Reviewer : somnii - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - January 12 , 2007
Subject : bad acting , good film Poor dowopbob is still reeling over the " Tooth Fairy Conspiracy " !
Should we believe it was common practice that one policeman and a camera crew were driving around for months , or years , on end for just the chance that they would find a woman going into labor so they could catch it on film : that 's dumb !
Of course the cop was actually a doctor ; I would n't call the police to give me a flu - shot either .
That was a real birth caught on film , a pretty amazing thing when you " think " about it .
The only bad part about the film was the acting and the shape the film was in , and that 's most of the fun of watching things like this .
Oh , and BTW , it was common practice to shave EVERY ONE prior to most major medical procedures .
- January 12 , 2007 bad acting , good film
Reviewer : Mewster - favorite favorite favorite - January 4 , 2007
Subject : An Observation I see someone was into shaving in the 60s - January 4 , 2007 An Observation
Reviewer : rpaul - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - October 22 , 2006
Subject : Additional remarks
When I wrote the notes , below , I had not yet re-viewed this film since even before it was released in 1966 .
Now , however , I have done so :
I note that the producer 's name is John Siegle ( although I believe I only saw his credit listed as a cameraman ) .
I note my mom's credit ( Marena Skibo -- her maiden name ) was without specifics .
- October 22 , 2006 Additional remarks
Reviewer : silvertwinz - favorite favorite favorite favorite - September 21 , 2006
Subject : hmmmmmm ..... this was such a strange film .
the sound is edited badly and it sounds as if the voice over is hiccupping .
i felt sorry for the mother .
she had a firecracker to explode her water sack .
and the birth , well , seemed easy and neat and clean .
not like a normal birth .
just remember to KEEP CALM ... keep calm ... keep calm ... - September 21 , 2006hmmmmmm .....
Reviewer : 78 speed - favorite favorite favorite favorite - May 28 , 2006
Subject : The Horror Notice :
This will change ( scar ) you forever - for better or worse .
When I showed this to a friend of mine , she was screaming in bloody horror and she vowed never to have children .
I agree though that this film serves its purpose very well .
Very educational .
After viewing this more than once , entertaining / warping friends , I feel I would be able to " stay calm " and " receive " a baby .
Besides the REAL birth scene , the film is quite entertaining .
Is it odd that the ' actress ' is still spread eagle when the other cop pops his head in the car to say hello ?
The actors struggling with the script is hilarious .
Also , the overall imagery ( the classic cars and vintage dispatch controls ) are quite aesthetically appealing .
- May 28 , 2006
The Horror
Reviewer : Spuzz - favorite favorite favorite favorite - January 3 , 2006
Subject : ÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂI
Was Born In A Car For The Purpose Of An Instructional FilmÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂ
Surely among the weirdest films one will get to see , ÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂSudden
BirthÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂ
tells of how a cop delivered his first baby , whose mother just happened to be parked off the road with her friend / bad actress .
Now as you probably know , we get to see the actual birth , but what you probably donÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂt know , and this fact sets this film into sheer bizarreness is that this appears to be a fiction film and the birth was , well , a plot point , as we follow the officer deliver the baby using the techniques he learned earlier .
More help arrive to get the little lizard ( as Bill Cosby once stated ) out , and again , you can totally tell that this birth , a real birth mind you , was staged for the camera .
SO , uhhh , how did THAT happen ?
Did they have auditions ?
And whatÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂs with the baby resting on the bask seat of the car close to the momÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂs vagina while theyÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂre cleaning her out ?
IsnÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂt it better to get him AWAY from this ?
This is a film with a backstory just WAITING to be discovered , where is Andrea Lajoie and Timothy Lajoie now ?
- January 3 , 2006ÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂI
Was Born In A Car For The Purpose Of An Instructional FilmÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂÃÂ
Reviewer : einnocent - favorite favorite favorite favorite - November 18 , 2005
Subject : Go Berkeley PD !
I thought they were only good for busting up parties .
And thanks to the actress (? ) for shaving beforehand .
- November 18 , 2005 Go Berkeley PD !
Reviewer : Mr. Willie - favorite favorite favorite - September 10 , 2005
Subject : Oh my Lord ... I 'll agree with the prior reviewer .
I 'd wonder how that baby would like seeing his own birth in the " back " of a classic car ... This is by all means an odd movie ; important training video of course , but in a weird sense , well ahead of its time .
- September 10 , 2005 Oh my Lord ...
Reviewer : MediaWhore - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - September 2 , 2005
Subject :
And then the water broke !
Wow !!
This is the real deal for sure !!
Very graphic footage filmed up close and personal of a pregnant woman spittin out a baby in the back seat of her car .
I want to know what went on behind the scenes here and how this woman came to be in this film ( did they offer her more money than she could refuse or was she just a good samaritan who wanted to help educate police officers in the birthing of babies outside hospitals ) .
I saw " The Miracle of Birth " back in Jr. High but this film clearly blows it out of the water ( further out of the water than when this ladies water breaks , watch the film you 'll see what I mean ) .
- September 2 , 2005
And then the water broke !
Reviewer : Lisa MW - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - June 3 , 2005
Subject : Informative I have seen several films on birth and this one was as clear as any I 've seen .
Great Advice ! - June 3 , 2005 Informative
Reviewer : sonnet29 - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - November 28 , 2004
Subject : A Must see !
( Well , maybe not ...)
Before today , the only sexual act that I had not witnessed on video or on my computer was the act of giving birth , from a biological standpoint the most important act of all .
As a dedicated student of human sexuality ( are n't we all ? )
I wanted to see it .
However , the remarkable thing about this film is not that it merely features a live birth , but that it features a live birth in the back of an old 1950 's automobile .
Think about that for a moment ... for the sake of educating police officers on handling an emergency birth , or perhaps because they paid her , or maybe cause she could n't afford to go to the hospital , this courageous young woman consented to give birth to her son in the back seat of a car , surrounded by cameras and movie lights .
I suspect that the automobile had been modified to function as a movie prop , with the windshield removed and the roof cut away .
I 'd love to know more about this woman , and her baby , who would be around 39 years old by now .
Did the boy ever get to see the footage of his own birth ?
I have to assume that this was n't her first child .
I have a friend who is a doula -- she assists women during birth , devoting all her attention to making them comfortable -- and I intend to reccomend this film to her .
It seems to me that this would be a great thing to show any woman who is expecting her first child , and is apprehensive .
Being a male , this is all pretty hypothetical for me , but it seems to me that if I were a woman in that situation , seeing a woman successfully ( and voluntarily ) give birth in the back seat of a car would be a great confidence builder .
I 'd be interested to find out what my friend would think about that .
I think this film succeeds wonderfully on its own terms .
That is , if I were a policeman , I would feel much more prepared to handle this kind of emergency after seeing this short .
It also succeeds for someone who might encouter this film on the net , and is either curious about childbirth or loves a weird vintage educational film .
Ideally , I would give it four and a half stars , but since half stars are not an option here , and the last reviewer gave it such a low rating , I 'm gonna give it a straight - up five !
- November 28 , 2004A
Must see !
( Well , maybe not ...)
The power struggle inside Iran appears to be moving from the streets into the heart of the regime itself this weekend amid reports that Ayatollah Hashemi Rafsanjani is plotting to undermine the power of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
Rafsanjani 's manoeuvres against Khamenei come as tensions between the speaker of the parliament , Ali Larijani , and President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad also appeared to be coming to a head .
Mass demonstrations on the streets against the election results have been effectively crushed by a massive police and basiij militia presence that has seen several dozen deaths and the arrests of hundreds of supporters of defeated candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi .
But the splits within Iran 's political elite are deepening .
In the past few days , Larijani - who was fired by Ahmadinejad as chief negotiator on nuclear issues with the west - has announced his intention of setting up a parliamentary committee to examine the recent post-election violence in an " even - handed way " .
In response , Ahmadinejad supporters within the parliament have discussed the possibility of impeaching Larijani .
In a move with even greater potential significance , according to several reports Rafsanjani has been lobbying fellow members of the powerful 86 - strong Assembly of Experts , which he chairs , to replace Khamenei as the supreme leader with a small committee of senior ayatollahs , of which Khamenei would be a member .
If Rafsanjani were successful , the constitutional change would mean a profound shift in the balance of power within Iran 's theocratic regime .
" Although Hashemi Rafsanjani is not a popular politician in Iran any more , he is the only hope that Iranians have ... for the annulment of the election , " said an Iranian political analyst who asked not be named .
" He is the only one who people think is able to stand against the supreme leader . "
The membership of the Assembly of Experts , which has the power to appoint the supreme leader , is split between those supporting Rafsanjani and those who have gravitated around the highly influential ultra- hardline cleric Mohammad - Taqi Mesbah Yazdi , who is widely seen as both a supporter of Ahmadinejad and the president 's religious mentor .
Yazdi is also believed to have his own ambitions to succeed Khamenei as supreme leader .
Like Ahmadinejad , he is fiercely opposed to the push by reformists for more democratic representation in Iran .
Yazdi is also understood to have a large following among both the Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps and the basiij militia , both also sources of support for Ahmadinejad .
Rafsanjani has long been a proponent of weakening the power of the supreme leader .
He is understood to be arguing in favour of replacing Khamenei with a leadership council of three or more senior clerics .
The splits in the Assembly of Experts - the least visible aspect of the present crisis - will be critically important to its eventual outcome .
Even avowed conservatives are reported to have sided with Rafsanjani against Yazdi and his faction , suggesting that there are real limits to the power it has been exercising in the past few weeks .
The complexity of the present political manoeuvres has meant Iran 's elites have been made to take sides , reflected in the decision by almost half the members of the parliamentary assembly to boycott the celebration dinner called by Ahmadinejad to mark his " re-election " .
The largely behind the scenes moves have come as Iranians opposed to the regime have been forced to go underground with their protests , despite the threats of Khamenei and the brutal attacks of the Revolutionary Guards and basiij militia .
The challenge to the street protests entered a new phase last week when Ayatollah Ahmad Khatami called for the execution of protest leaders at Friday prayers in Tehran in a further move seen as intending to intimidate the opponents of Ahmadinejad .
Despite that , the nightly defiant cry of " Allah - o - Akbar " ( God is great ) has increased since Khatami 's warning .
In a further sign of defiance , large numbers of people have switched from wearing green to black , to mourn those killed by the security forces during demonstrations .
" Before this , black was an ordinary colour ; now it has a different meaning , " said Soheil , a 22 - year - old student .
" It means that you are angry with the government and you want re-election . "
Others keep their car headlights on , also in protest .
" It 's not important for me whether the riot police destroy my car or not ; the important thing is to continue my protest despite the huge censorship on the internet and SMS networks and TV channels , " said 45 - year - old Mina , as she drove - lights ablaze - through Tehran yesterday .
" This is the only way I can show my protest . "
Where do supernovae come from ?
Astronomers have long believed they were exploding stars , but by analysing a series of images , researchers from the Dark Cosmology Centre at the Niels Bohr Institute , University of Copenhagen and from Queens University , Belfast have proven that two dying red supergiant stars produced supernovae .
The results are published in Science .
A star is a large ball of hot gas and in its incredibly hot interior hydrogen atoms combine to form helium , which subsequently forms carbon , other heavier elements and finally iron .
When all the atoms in the centre have turned to iron the fuel is depleted and the star dies .
When very large and massive stars , that are at least about eight times as massive as our sun , die , they explode as supernovae .
The Crab nebula is the result of a type II supernova explosion observed by Chinese astronomers in 1054 .
The nebula consists of the outer parts of a red supergiant that exploded after having burned all its fuel .
The nebula is still expanding into the surrounding interstellar medium with velocities of several thousand kilometers per second .
In the middle of the nebula there is a neutron star , which is the collapsed central , dead core of the exploded star . ( Photo Credit : Hubble Space Telescope )
Enormous swollen stars
But some massive stars become red supergiant stars first , which is an intermediate phase where , after the fuel in the centre is used up , energy is still produced in shells surrounding the now dead core .
In this phase , the star swells up to an enormous size , approximately 1500 times larger than the sun , and emits as much light as a hundred thousand suns .
But there has been doubt over whether red supergiants explode as supernovae .
Using images from the Hubble Space Telescope and the Gemini Observatory , Justyn R. Maund , astrophysicist at the Dark Cosmology Centre , Niels Bohr Institute , University of Copenhagen and astrophysicist Stephen J. Smartt , Queens University Belfast , have observed two stars that exploded as supernovae .
By analysing archival images of the same section of the sky from long before the explosions , the researchers could see which stars might have gone supernova .
But picking out individual stars in the distant universe is difficult , and pinpointing exactly which star it was that exploded is a huge challenge .
Stars became supernovae
A supernova is visible in the sky for some time after its explosion before its giant dust - and gas clouds are blown clear .
The researchers can then observe the region around the position of the supernova several years after the supernova explosion and can then see exactly which star has disappeared .
For one of the supernovae , SN1993J ( which exploded in 1993 ) they found that a red supergiant no longer exists , but that its neighboring star remained .
In addition , they found that the red supergiant that was postulated to have caused the supernova SN2003gd has also disappeared .
This simple but very time intensive method , establishes that it was these two red supergiant stars that produced the supernovae 2003J and 2003gd , and confirms that red supergiant stars create type II supernovae .
Maund and Smartt have found the missing link between red supergiant stars and their supernovae , giving astronomers a greater understanding of how massive stars die .
Stellar death is a process crucial for understanding the origin of the chemical elements in the Universe , a precursor necessary ultimately to the formation of planets and life .
Source : University of Copenhagen
View Transcript
Transcript
Job interview Dogbert says , " Do you have any sales experience ? "
Man says , " No , but I ? " Dogbert says , " Okay , whatever . "
Dogbert says , " There 's no base pay .
You only get paid opn commission . "
Dogbert says , " And you 'll need a special laptop for this job . "
Dogbert says , " you can buy it from our company with a 5 % employee discount . "
Dogbert says , " You 're hired . "
Man says , " Yes !
And my friends told me I would never find a sales job in this weak economy ! "
Man says , " By the way , what does the company sell ? "
Dogbert says , " We sell laptops to idiots . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The US Senate has overwhelmingly rejected plans to transfer detainees out of Guantanamo Bay and refused funding to close down the prison camp .
Senators voted by 90 - 6 to block the transfer of 240 inmates , also stalling a request for $ 80 m ( £ 51 m ) .
Correspondents say it is a rebuke to President Barack Obama 's plans to close down the camp by January 2010 .
The White House said Mr Obama would not make any decision that " imperils the safety of the American people " .
The president had not decided where some of the detainees would be sent and a presidential commission was studying the issue , press secretary Robert Gibbs added .
In other developments • FBI Director Robert Mueller told Congress detainees might " support terrorism " in the US if allowed to go free • A federal judge said the US could continue to hold some prisoners at Guantanamo indefinitely without any charges Constituency concern
The Senate decision to block a war funding bill meant for the camp followed a similar decision by the House of Representatives .
The American people do n't want these men walking the streets of America 's neighbourhoods
John Thune
Republican senator
Suspects ' can be detained '
What next for inmates ?
Democrats and Republicans each argue that there needs to be a better plan for closing Guantanamo , situated on US territory on the island of Cuba .
The detention centre was established after the 9/11 attacks by the then President , George W Bush .
Obama administration officials insist the deadline for closing the camp will be met but many legislators say they need further convincing of White House plans to move many of the detainees on to the US mainland .
" The American people do n't want these men walking the streets of America 's neighbourhoods , " Republican Senator John
Thune said .
" The American people do n't want these detainees held at a military base or federal prison in their backyard , either . "
The Republican leader in the Senate , Mitch McConnell , said the White House needed a credible plan for closing the base .
" Once it has one , we 'll consider closing Guantanamo , but not a second sooner , " he said .
Democratic leaders say they will reconsider providing the requested funds once the White House has drawn up more detailed plans .
Funding issue Most Democrats support Mr Obama 's commitment to close Guantanamo Bay , but realise that agreeing to fund an ill - prepared process would provide fodder for the Republican opposition , says the BBC's James Coomarasamy in Washington .
The new setback follows Mr Obama 's decision to revive the military tribunal system for some Guantanamo detainees .
In one of his first acts on taking office , he halted the Bush - era military commissions , saying the US was entering a new era of respecting human rights .
Introducing new safeguards for detainees , he said he had supported their use as one avenue to try detainees and in 2006 had voted in favour of them .
Under extra safeguards for detainees , there will be A ban on evidence obtained by harsh interrogation
Restrictions on hearsay evidence
More leeway for detainees to choose their own lawyers
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Forget sending astronauts to Mars , the planet may come crashing right here to Earth if gravitational interactions substantially agitate its now - stable orbit .
A new study in the June 11 issue of Nature predicts there 's a real , albeit slim possibility of a planetary smash - up inside the inner solar system , largely thanks to Mercury 's distinctly lopsided orbit .
Boffins Jacques Laskar and Mickael Gastineau of the Paris Observatory say results of a new computer model show a roughly one per cent chance within the next five billion years that such a planetary apocalypse will occur .
The researchers simulated the most current data available on the interactions of solar system 's eight planets ( with the addition of Pluto and Earth 's moon ) over the course of five billion years - a point in which the Sun is expected to swell into a red giant , swallow the inner planets , and leave astronomers out of work regardless .
Out of 2,501 scenarios sequentially nudging Mercury 's orbit by only .38 millimeters , 25 lead to a large enough increase in the planet 's orbital eccentricity to allow collisions with Venus or the Sun .
In one simulation , Mercury smashes into Venus about 1.76 billion years from now .
In three others , Mercury falls into the Sun .
In yet another , Mercury 's gravitational tug yanks Mars within 800 kilometers ( 497 miles ) of Earth 3.34 billion years from now , causing the red planet to rip apart and shower Earth with debris .
Mercury is a particular nuisance to the stability of the solar system because its orbit is a slightly elongated ellipse , leaving it more vulnerable to being swayed by gravity of the large outer planets like Jupiter .
Astronomers believe the solar system is about 4.6 billion years old - so Earth 's about half way to retirement with only a few dents on her .
Let 's just hope Mercury has insurance . ®
A modest proposal , perhaps .
It ’s been entertaining watching American public “ discourse ” since the election .
( I use that word in its broadest , most ridiculous sense , since nothing that hinges so completely on self - absorption , rank ignorance and pathological dishonesty can be accurately characterized by such a noble word .
But indulge me .
I ’ve been working on my irony lately . )
On the one hand you have conservatives fainting dead away that we ’re now in the clutches of a “ socialist ” president .
Never mind that these folks would n’t know a real socialist if he was gnawing their balls off .
Never mind that most of these folks think “ socialist ” is the French word for Negro .
Never mind that Obama demonstrably is to socialism what Joe the Plumber is to brie- sucking Northeastern intellectualism .
As arch - conservative TV pundit Stephen Colbert says , “ this is a fact - free zone . ”
On the other you have the righteous outrage of the progressosphere , which feels six different kinds of betrayed by a president who promised them the moon and stars and has now left them to what looks like at least a four - year walk of shame .
If I might borrow from an old fraternity joke , imagine the following scene from the Oval Office :
Barack :
Hey everybody , what ’s the difference between a progressive and a toilet ?
Rahm : I give up , Mr. President .
Barack :
The toilet does n’t follow you around after you use it .
[ Entire Cabinet ] : HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA !!!!!
A few days ago Chris Bowers , one of the progressive blogosphere ’s smarter and more influential voices , announced that he was becoming a conservative Democrat .
His reasoning was compelling .
Let me sample a bit for you ( and encourage you to go read the rest as soon as you ’re done here ) .
You can “ endorse someone other than a Democrat for President , and then have the Democratic leadership do whatever it takes ” to keep you in the Party .
“ You get ten times the media mentions that one gets being a progressive . ”
You get “ more money , too .
You can proclaim that you are a conservative Democrat , and still have small , progressive , grassroots donors be by far your top contributors . ”
You can “ hold up , water down , and threaten whatever Democratic legislation you want ” with no consequences at all .
“ You get frequent meetings with the President and proclamations that he is one of your own . ”
If you bitch about it you get “ threats about never hearing from the White House again . ”
You ’re “ far more likely to receive a major cabinet appointment .
Not even counting the Republicans , New Democrats outnumber Progressives in President Obama ’s cabinet by 7 - 1 . ”
And that ’s not nearly all .
Okay , so maybe Bowers is n’t really abandoning his fellow progressives .
Maybe he was just being a smart - ass to make a point .
I ca n’t say I approve of such tactics , but hey , my old pal Jonathan Swift was known for the occasional snark , so who am I to judge ?
The point is that progressives have a beef with the new fauxcialist administration , and regardless of what you think about their issues , their analysis or their personal hygiene , a review of the facts certainly justifies their pique .
Think about it .
Obama the Campaigning Man was pretty clear in his disdain for the Defense of Marriage Act.
Obama the President has apparently decided that gay rights can wait .
( Do n’t Ask Do n’t Tell ?
Do n’t bother . )
Candidate Obama was balls - to - the - wall about greening the economy , and I mean yesterday .
President Obama , whose favorability rating is running better than 2 - 1 for , seemed unable or unwilling to expend some of that political capital on the just passed ACES bill , which many experts think will accomplish diddley ( or worse ) .
( Again , whatever the eventual reality about this bill turns out to be is irrelevant – the point is that Obama did not act in accordance with the more progressive stance he had taken earlier . )
And what about health care ?
A recent New York Times / CBS
News poll showed overwhelming support for “ a government administered health insurance plan like Medicare that would compete with private health insurance plans . ”
How overwhelming , you ask ?
Overall 72 % were in favor of the “ public option , ” and 57 % said they ’d be willing to pay higher taxes to get it .
Hell , 50 % of Republican respondents want it .
So , you have very high approval ratings .
And you certainly have a significantly greater mandate than George the Conqueror did after nipping John Kerry in 2004 .
You have significant majorities in both houses of Congress .
You have overwhelming popular support for a public option .
And you ca n’t get it done ?
Seriously ?
I ’m sitting here trying to figure out why corporate America , which would stand to benefit tremendously from having the burden of insuring the citizenry lifted from its shoulders , is n’t in open revolt .
( That part of corporate America that does n’t include the insurance industry , I mean . )
It has been observed that the Republicans seem to be more effective with a minority than the Dems are when they have the entire country by the balls .
GOPpers derail the train by threatening a filibuster , but the Democrats ca n’t seem to head off a bad idea with a damned - near buster - proof majority .
How the hell is this possible ?
This , of course , is what ’s known as a “ rhetorical question . ”
The butt - obvious answer is that the contemporary Democratic Party is not really a party , at least not in the same way that the GOP is .
Instead , it ’s a bizarre amalgam of progressives , “ moderates , ” bipartisan fetishists , “ New Democrats , ” DINOs and opportunistic Republicans ( see Specter , Arlen ) .
The median at present lies significantly to the right of Richard Nixon , who despite the recent revelation that he was in favor of abortion in the case of half - breed fetuses , posted a record that would make him pretty darned progressive by 2009 standards .
( Good thing you dodged that bullet , huh Mr. President ? )
Ultimately , Bowers and other frustrated progressives are right .
The Democratic party just is n’t that into them .
They ’re useful when votes are needed , but are utterly incapable of leveraging that into actual influence .
As far as the “ responsible ” centrists are concerned , progressives are the late - date with no self - esteem , the unwitting fat chick at the pig party .
So , what to do ?
Playing along is n’t working .
So how about rounding up all the members of the Progressive Caucus ( and their many allies around the country ) and opting out ?
Leave the Democractic Party .
Form a third party of their own ( or just join the Greens ) .
All of a sudden the Democratic Party has a numbers problem .
All of a sudden they lose majority status , chairmanships , agenda - setting stroke , etc .
I ’m no expert on the rules of the American legislature , so I ’m sure there are nuances I ’m missing .
Nonetheless , I imagine the Republican wing of the Democratic Party would wet itself .
And in the short term this could be very good for the GOP , which would find itself in the plurality .
Longer - term , though , it seems like the progressives can make an argument – and one that is supported by some actual evidence – that they represent the will of a goodly slice of the American public .
Even better , given how the youth vote seems to be trending , they can also argue that their hand is going to strengthen over time .
Are these premises accurate ?
Hard to say .
But they are testable hypotheses , and the posit is certainly plausible enough to be worth examining .
Maybe the remaining Dems respond by making the reality of the situation official and decamping for the GOP .
Maybe the Blue Dogs and the “ moderate ” wing of the GOP abandon those pesky snake - handlers on the right and form a new “ centrist ” coalition .
Who knows .
If that did happen , however , America would at least have the refreshing luxury of an opposition party that , you know , opposed .
We could get all that corporatist DC clutter , which thrives because it dominates both parties , up for a real referendum .
What a campaign hook – America vs. the Beltway .
Part of me says “ what if it backfires ? ”
But the other part of me looks at the state of the current union , at the looting of the last eight ( or , depending on your taste for the long view , 29 ) years , at the energy way too many Americans have to devote to worrying about what happens if they get sick or injured , at the staggering cost associated with continuing to fuck around with the environment , at the fact that millions and millions and millions of citizens have no hope at all of financial solvency , at the knee - buckling stupidity of a populace that ’s been victimized by a brilliantly conceived War on Education , at … .
Fuck it .
You get the picture .
Off your knees , progressives .
The worst that happens is more of the same .
At the least do us the favor of dying on your feet .
GOP lawmakers worry that their party has overplayed its hand on Pelosi .
Some fear Pelosi attacks may backfire
After a one - two punch from Newt Gingrich and Dick Cheney , House Minority Leader John Boehner and other Republican lawmakers worry that their party has overplayed its hand on Nancy Pelosi .
The Republicans ’ fear : Gingrich ’s call for Pelosi ’s ouster has set an unattainable goal , and Cheney ’s jabs at her during a speech Thursday will allow Democrats to portray the controversy as a partisan attack by one of the GOP ’s most polarizing figures .
Advertisement
“ If the story becomes about us and not her , it ’s a problem for us , ” said a senior Republican lawmaker .
Boehner has been working to cool off other Republicans who want Pelosi ’s scalp .
He fears that , if Republicans move to call for Pelosi ’s ouster — as Gingrich did — before laying out a case for an investigation first , then they will have squandered a major opportunity to cut into Pelosi ’s authority .
He ’s not the only one worried about going too far , too fast .
“ I ca n’t speak for [ Gingrich ] , but I think most members of the House believe that whether it ’s this issue or something else , we have a procedure if there are questions of impropriety or wrongdoing on the part of any member , ” said Rep. John McHugh ( R - N.Y. ) , ranking member of the Armed Services Committee and a former member of the intelligence committee .
“ If that system is gonna stay together , I think we have to respect or implement it . ”
Rather than advocating Pelosi ’s ouster , House GOP leaders Thursday pushed a resolution calling for an intelligence committee investigation into the truth of her claim that the CIA misled her .
The House voted 252 - 172 not to consider it .
Boehner declared himself “ disappointed ” that Pelosi ’s “ Democratic colleagues blocked the effort to look into this matter in a bipartisan way , ” and Republicans made it clear that they ’ll try to revisit the matter when Congress returns from its Memorial Day recess .
But House Democrats believe that the worst of this is now behind them — and that the double - barreled attack from Gingrich and Cheney has helped put it there .
“ The best thing for anyone , let alone Nancy Pelosi , is to be the subject of a petty , venal , absurd attack by Newt Gingrich , ” said Rep. Bill Delahunt ( D - Mass . ) .
“ He ’s the gift that keeps on giving . ”
“ If anything , people have circled the wagons around her , ” said Democratic Caucus Chairman John Larson .
“ All you have to do is mention the names Karl Rove , Newt Gingrich and Dick Cheney as attacking the speaker of the House ... and people see this for what it is . ”
During his speech at the American Enterprise Institute , Cheney said that “ leading members of Congress , including the current speaker of the House , ” were briefed on the Bush administration ’s interrogation program “ on numerous occasions . ”
“ Some members of Congress are notorious for demanding they be briefed into the most sensitive intelligence programs , ” Cheney added .
“ They support them in private and then head for the hills at the first sign of controversy . ”
The Politico 44 Story Widget Requires Adobe Flash Player
Pelosi has said that she attended just one briefing on the Bush administration ’s enhanced interrogation program and that she was not told during that September 2002 briefing that the CIA had begun using waterboarding .
Gingrich said earlier this week that Pelosi has “ disqualified herself to be the speaker ” with an allegation that “ smears ” intelligence officers who have kept Americans safe .
Democrats say there ’s an element of political payback in the former speaker ’s criticisms .
Pelosi served on the subcommittee of the House ethics panel that investigated Gingrich back in the mid-1990s .
Gingrich was eventually reprimanded by the ethics committee and required to pay a $ 300,000 fine for giving inaccurate information to congressional investigators .
Democrats acknowledge that the GOP campaign has disrupted their own PR efforts to play up major legislation they ’ve passed in recent days , including a big credit card bill this week .
“ In that sense , it has been effective , ” admitted a senior Democratic leadership aide .
“ We are talking about [ Pelosi ] rather than what we want to talk about . ”
Advertisements
Dr. Warren
Hern , who is one of the last doctors in the United States who performs late terms abortions , was on MSNBC’s The Rachel Maddow Show , where he said that the American anti-abortion movement is made up fanatics , and the only thing that separates them from the Taliban is 8,000 miles .
Check out the video .
Here is the video :
Advertisements
Dr. Hern said about the murder of Dr. Tiller , “ This was not the act of an isolated single nutcase guy who decided to go into some church and blow somebody away .
This was a political assassination , and it is not isolated .
It is the culmination of the inevitable result and product of 35 years of constant , relentless , anti-abortion fanatics offering hate speech , hate rhetoric , violence , intimidation , and assassinations , and a general message that it is okay to kill someone like Dr. Tiller … ”
He also compared anti-abortionists to the Taliban , “ President Obama made a wonderful speech at Notre Dame and offered an effort to be conciliatory , and to encourage common ground , but there is no common ground with fanatics who want to kill you .
The only difference between the American anti-abortion movement and the Taliban is about 8,000 miles . ”
I think that it is only fair to point out that not all people who oppose abortion are extremists who become radicalized into action by the rhetoric .
He is correct to point out the jihad like mentality of the radical anti-abortion movement .
He is also correct that there is no middle ground with someone like Randall Terry .
The people who engage in violence against abortion providers are domestic terrorists .
There is a political motive behind their violent actions .
Protests are constitutionally protected , but violence is n’t .
Hern is was also right to describe the Tiller murder as a political assassination , because if he had been practicing in a different branch of medicine , he would not have been killed .
I think the lesson to be learned here is that not all dangerous zealots fly airplanes into buildings .
Some are grown right here in the US of A .
John 's Beekeeping Notebook
Top Bar Hive Beekeeping
One of the great things about beekeeping is the many ways that bees can be housed .
The Kenya - style " top bar " hive is a lower cost alternative to the standard movable - frame hive , but produces less honey .
I experimented with top bar hives in the early 1980's , and then used them when serving as a Peace Corps volunteer in Fiji .
I still occasionally maintain one or two Kenya - style top bar hives .
My friend Petero ( right ) inspects a hive by removing one top - bar to give some working room , then lifts each comb to check colony development and condition .
Each comb is returned to the hive in the proper order .
The Kenya top bar hive has been used extensively in development work because it is easy to build and its relatively low cost .
Ordinary lumber will do nicely .
This hive design is often practical for small - farmers in developing countries .
The entrance is best built on the end of the hive , not the middle of the side as shown left .
Bees tend to build their brood nest near the entrance , so an entrance at the end allows a beekeeper to harvest honey from the opposite end .
No queen excluder needed !
There is only one critical dimension in a top bar hive .
The top bar width must be about 1 and 3/8 inch wide , or just slightly wider .
This is because honey bees like to build their combs this distance apart .
A top bar length of 19 inches is also convenient , so the top bar will fit into a standard hive .
This is useful for starting comb and brood rearing in a standard hive , for later transfer to a top bar hive .
A line of beeswax or a 1 / 2 inch strip of wax foundation helps the bees building the comb in the right places .
The walls of a top bar hive are sloped inward towards the bottom so the bees will build less comb attachment to the walls .
In nature , bees attach comb to the ceiling and often to walls , but rarely to the floor .
Taking advantage of this , the top bar hive has walls that slope inward towards the bottom .
The bees behave as if the walls were a floor , and attach far less brace comb .
Th is makes the comb easy to remove .
The comb in top bar hives is more fragile than in standard hives , because it does n't have wooden frames surrounding the comb .
Care must be taken not to turn the comb sideways .
The comb must be handled in ways that use the comb 's own geometric strength to advantage .
It can even be turned upside down .
Practice makes for good handling !
Extracting honey from a top bar hive is done by cutting the comb off the top - bar , leaving about 1 / 2 inch of comb so that the bees will be able to rebuild correctly .
Top bar hives are not a new idea .
The picture on the right shows a Greek movable comb hive described in the year 1682 , nearly two centuries before Lorenzo Langstroth is credited with popularizing the " bee space " .
The woven wicker basket walls of this hive slope inward similar to today 's top bar hives .
The sticks on top were placed about one and a half inches apart and were rounded on their underside , so the bees would build comb in the desirable direction .
A basket lid ( not shown ) normally covered the hive .
Advantages of a top bar hive :
Only one critical dimension for construction ( 1 & 3/8 " )
No extractor needed
No foundation
No frames
Cheap
Less area exposed when handling bees .
Great when working mean bees or when there is no flow !
No storage of supers
Less heavy lifting
More beeswax , since the honey comb is crushed to extract the honey .
Comb honey production is also an option .
Dis advantages of top bar hives
Lower honey production
Harder to get advice from experienced beekeepers , since their advice is typically geared towards standard hives .
Less flexibility in swapping combs between colonies , since the combs are not built uniformly straight .
Combs are more fragile , especially in cooler weather .
The fragile combs can make transporting hives difficult when they have a lot of honey in them .
Requires a higher level of knowledge about bees to be an effective beekeeper .
I think top bar hives are interesting for hobby beekeepers , and also for use in developing countries .
However , I recommend regular framed bee hives for most beginners and those interested in efficient honey production .
One of the chores that I do for the Apache HTTP server project , every three months or so , is to slog through the IANA media type registry to see what new media types have been registered and add them to the mime .
types configuration file .
This is one of the few things I do that is almost all pain for little or no gain .
It takes hours to do it right because IANA has gone out of their way to make the registry impossible to process automatically via simple scripts .
I do n’t even get the pleasure of “ changing the world ” in some meaningful way , since Apache does n’t update mime .
types automatically when installed to an existing configuration .
BTW , if you are responsible for an existing Apache installation , please copy the current mime .
types configuration file and install it manually — your users will thank you later not gripe as much about unsupported media types .
IANA is a quaint off - shoot of the Internet Engineering Taskforce that , much like the IETF , is still stuck in the 1980s .
One would think that , given a task like “ maintain a registry of all media types ” so that Internet software can communicate , would lead to something that is comprehensible by software .
Instead , what IANA has provided is a collection of FTP directories containing a subset of private registry templates , each in the original ( random ) submitted format , and nine separate inconsistently - formated index.html files that actually contain the registered types .
The first thought that any Web developer has when they look at the registry is that it should be laid out as a resource space by type .
That is , each directory under “ media - types ” would be a major type ( e.g. , application , text , etc. ) and then each file within those directories would correspond to exactly one subtype ( e.g. , html , plain , csv , etc. ) .
Such a design would be easy to process automatically and fits with the organization ’s desire to serve everything via both FTP and HTTP .
Sadly , that is not the case .
Most of the private registrations have some sort of like - named file within the expected directory to contain its registration template , but the names do not always correspond exactly to the subtype and the contents are whatever random text was submitted ( rather than some consistent format that could be extracted ) .
What ’s worse , however , is that the standardized types do not have any corresponding file ; instead , the type ’s entry in the index may have some sort of link to the RFC or external specification that defines that type .
grumble
The second thought of any Web developer would be “ oh , I ’ll just have to process the index files to extract the media type fields . ”
Good luck .
The HTML is not well - formed ( even by HTML standards ) .
It uses arbitrarily - created tables to contain the actual registry information .
There is no consistency across the files in terms of the number of table columns , nor any column headers to indicate what they mean .
There is no mark - up to distinguish the registry cells from other whitespace - arranging layout cells .
And the registered types are occasionally wrapped in inconsistently - targeted anchors for links to the aforementioned template files .
grumble GRUMBLE
Okay , so the really stubborn Web developers think that maybe a browser can grok this tag soup and generate the table in some reasonably consistent fashion , which can then be screen - scraped to get the relevant information .
Nope .
It does n’t even render the same on different browsers .
In any case , the index files do n’t contain the relevant information : the most important information ( aside from the type name ) is the unique filename extension (s ) that are supposed to be used for files of that type .
For that information , we have to follow the link to the registry template file , or RFC containing one or more template files , and look for the optional form field for indicating extensions .
Most of the time , the field is empty or just plain wrong ( i.e. , almost all XML - based formats suggest that the filename extension is .xml , in spite of the fact that the only reason to supply an extension is so that all files of that extension can be mapped to that specific type ) .
sigh
And , perhaps the most annoying thing of all : the index files are obviously being generated from some other data source that is not part of the public registry .
Normally , what I am left with is a semi-manual procedure .
I keep a mirror of the registry files on my laptop and , each time I need to do an update , I pull down a new mirror and run a diff between the old and new index files .
I then manually look - up the registry template for file extensions or , if that fails , do a web search for what the deployed software already does .
I then do a larger Web search for documentation that various companies have published about their unregistered file types , since I ’ve given up on the idea that companies like Adobe , Microsoft , and Sun will ever register their own types before deploying some half - baked experimental names that we are stuck with forever due to backwards - compatibility concerns .
Unfortunately , yesterday I messed up that normal procedure .
I forgot that I had started to do the update a month ago by pulling down a new mirror , but had n’t made the changes yet .
So I blew away my last - update - point before doing the diff .
groan
After reliving all of the above steps , I ended up with a new semi-manual procedure :
wget -m ftp://ftp.iana.org/assignments/media-types/ cd ftp.iana.org /assignments / media-types foreach typ ( `find * - type d - print` ) links - dump $ typ/index.html | \ perl - p -e " s|^\s + |$typ / | ; " >>
mtypes.txt end # manually edit mtypes.txt to remove the garbage lines foreach typ ( `cut -d ' ' mtypes.txt` ) grep -q - i - F " $typ " mime .
types || echo $ typ end
That gave me a list of new registered types that were not already present in mime .
types .
I still had to go through the list manually , add each type to its location within mime .
types , and search for its corresponding file extension within the registry templates .
As usual , most of the types either had no file extension ( typical for types that are only expected to be used within message envelopes ) or non-unique extensions that ca n’t be added to the configuration file because they would override some other ( more common ) type .
Please , IANA folks , fix your registries so that they can be read by automated processes .
Do not tell me that I have to write an RFC to specify how you store the registry files .
The existing mess was not determined by an RFC , so you are free to fix it without a new RFC .
If you have software generating the current registry , then I will be more than happy to fix it for you if you provide me with the source code .
At the very least , include a text / csv export of whatever database you are using to construct the awful index files within the current registry .
Why am I bothering with all this ?
Because media types are the only means we have for an HTTP sender to express the intent for processing a given message payload .
While some people have claimed that recipients should sniff the data format for type information , the fact is that all data formats correspond to multiple media types .
Sniffing a media type is therefore inherently impossible : at best , it can indicate when a data format does not match the indicated media type ; at worst , it breaks correct configurations and creates security holes .
In any case , sniffing cannot determine the sender ’s intent .
The intent can only be expressed by sending the right Content - Type for a given resource .
The resource owner needs to configure their resource correctly .
Even though Apache provides at least five different ways to set the media type , most authors still rely on the installed file extension mappings for representations that are not dynamically - generated .
Hence , most will rely on whatever mime .
types file has been installed by their webmaster , even if it has n’t been updated in ten years .
How old is your mime .
types file ?
( CNN ) --
She had many plans for the future : to go to college , start a career , meet the man of her dreams , raise a family -- when the time was right .
Expert : " There 's a big disconnect between pregnancy rates and what Latina families want and value . "
It was all cut off by an unexpected pregnancy .
The baby became her life , consuming her energy and forcing her dreams to the back burner of her life .
She is 19 or younger and Latina , and has had her first baby .
It 's not what she wanted .
Nor did her parents , who are the greatest influence on her decisions about sex , according to a wide - ranging survey released Tuesday by experts on the Hispanic community in the United States .
The survey also found that 84 percent of Latino teens and 91 percent of Latino parents believe that graduating from college or university or having a promising career is the most important goal for a teen 's future .
Somewhere along the way , the aspirations fail to match up to reality .
The survey attempts to examine some of the reasons for the disparity and why Latinas now have the highest teen birth rate among all ethnic and racial groups in the United States .
" There 's a big disconnect between pregnancy rates and what Latina families want and value , " said Ruthie Flores , senior manager of the National Campaign 's Latino Initiative .
According to the National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy , 53 percent of Latinas get pregnant in their teens , about twice the national average .
After a period of decline , the birth rate for U.S. teenagers 15 to 19 years rose in 2007 by about 1 percent , to 42.5 births per 1,000 , according to preliminary data in a March 2009 report by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's National Center for Health Statistics .
In 2007 , the birth rate among non-Hispanic whites ages 15 to 19 was 27.2 per 1,000 , and 64.3 per 1,000 for non-Hispanic black teens in the same age range .
The teen birth rate among Hispanic teens ages 15 to 19 was 81.7 per 1,000 .
Of the 759 Latino teens surveyed , 49 percent said their parents most influenced their decisions about sex , compared with 14 percent who cited friends .
Three percent cited religious leaders , 2 percent teachers and 2 percent the media .
Watch more on the survey results »
Three - quarters of Latino teens said their parents have talked to them about sex and relationships , but only half said their parents discussed contraception .
The survey also found that :
• 74 percent of Latino teens believe that parents send one message about sex to their sons and a different message altogether to their daughters , possibly related to the Latino value of machismo .
• Latino teens believe that the most common reason teens do not use contraception is that they are afraid their parents might find out .
• 72 percent of sexually experienced teens say they wish they had waited .
• 34 percent of Latino teens believe that being a teen parent would prevent them from reaching their goals , but 47 percent say being a teen parent would simply delay them from reaching their goals .
• 76 percent said it is important to be married before starting a family .
Flores said it is crucial to understand the beliefs and attitudes that influence teen behavior in order to reduce the high rates of Hispanic teen pregnancy .
The survey , co-sponsored by the Hispanic advocacy group National Council of La Raza , was an attempt to to do just that .
She said that despite a rich culture and the growing influence of Hispanics in America , the Latino community disproportionately suffers from troubling social indicators .
Consider that fewer than six in 10 Latino adults in the United States have a high school diploma .
Latino teens are more likely to drop out than their non-Hispanic counterparts , and of all the children living in poverty , 30 percent are Latino .
" Teen pregnancy is not an isolated issue , " Flores said .
" It 's related to poverty , to dropout rates .
That 's going to have an impact on our national as a whole . "
Flores said 69 percent of Latino teen moms drop out of high school , and the children of teen mothers are less likely to do well in school themselves and often repeat grades .
" That has a big economic impact , " Flores said .
It 's an impact that is sure to be noticed .
The nation 's 45 million Latinos constitute the largest minority group in the United States with a growth rate twice that of the general population .
That means by 2025 , one - quarter of all American teens will be Latinos .
All About Pregnancy and Childbirth • Hispanic and Latino Issues
Reflections on Memorial Day 2008
Did our fathers die on the beaches of Normandy
so we would cave to mandatory seat - belt laws , smoking bans , drug testing , and 0.08 BAL ? ( etc. )
Please go to the new Coffee Coaster site implemented more gracefully in Wordpress .
Full conversion by 9/12 .
This page :
http://brianrwright.com/CoffeeCoasterBlog/?p=833
" Son , I 'm never going to wear a seat belt ; it 's my right as an American to drive as and how I choose — [ Dad was a highly skilled driver who would probably , eventually have come to wear seatbelts voluntarily ] .
It violates everything I believe in ... and fought for .
I wo n't do it , I wo n't pay the fine , and they can put me in jail ' til the cows come home . "
For the previous 30 years Memorial Day has always had a somber quality for me :
My father , Truman , a WWII veteran , died on May 28 , 1978 , Memorial Day Weekend — I was 28 years old at the time .
[ Then , to make it even sadder , last year we lost my brother , Forrest , also a veteran , possibly to the same heart condition that killed my dad . ]
Checking Wikipedia , the origin of Memorial Day was to commemorate Union soldiers who had died in the Civil War , then later expanded to remember all those who have given their lives for their country in military service .
And though technically neither my dad nor my brother perished while fighting for their country , I feel the holiday belongs to them and , more important , to any American who stands for , argues for , fights for , and is willing to die for American liberty — the principles embodied in the Bill of Rights and the Constitution .
You know sometimes I hear we should fly the American flag — the current 50 - star version that drapes the hidden coffins returning from wars for profit of Halliburton , Lockheed - Martin , and Chevron — as a gesture of respect for all those who have given their lives for our country .
I used to feel that way .
But especially following the Oligarchy 's takeover of the US government , the current flag to me has come to mean something entirely different from the one carrying 13 stars in Liberty 's Day of Dawning .
It has now become a symbol of aggression and conquest by criminals who should have been sent to Sing Sing years ago ... and also a symbol of shame that the American public has lacked the courage to so uphold the rule of law and restore the republic .
On Saturday , I 'm picking up a breakfast carryout from Mr. Pita , when I notice two cars having been pulled over by Farmington Hills ' [ Michigan ] finest — I'm a Free Stater , but family and business affairs put me in SE Michigan frequently — within a time span of perhaps a couple of minutes .
I mention this to the man at the counter , and he says the cops are conducting a seat - belt sting operation on 10 - Mile Road ; they do it quite frequently , but especially on holidays .
I 'm thinking , yeah , I 've seen the federally funded TV ads , parent cops spanking us children citizens with $ 100 tickets to make us better and safer ... and more obedient .
“ America was n’t founded so we could all be better .
America was founded so we could be what we damned well pleased . ” — PJ O’Rourke
And I think back to my father , who in the 1970s when the government was threatening mandatory seat belt laws , told me , " Son , I 'm never going to wear a seat belt ; it 's my right as an American to drive as and how I choose — [ Dad was a highly skilled driver who would probably , eventually have come to wear seatbelts voluntarily ] .
Such a law violates every principle I believe in ... and fought for .
I wo n't do it , I wo n't pay the fine , and they can put me in jail ' til the cows come home . "
Pop was a man of principle , at least on this issue ( he had n't yet come to see that laws against other consensual activities , such as drug use , could be opposed for the same reasons and with the same conviction ) .
So there you are : the spectacle of public servants who are supposed to be protecting us from violence and theft taking the easy way out and stealing from us instead ... or at least from the uninformed and / or presumably imprudent .
Unlike real criminals , we 're unarmed ( at least in most states ) and wo n't defend ourselves against such legalized robbery .
Huge irony , is n't it ?
The average Michigan citizen is out of work , losing his home , paying the same prerecession state and local taxes ; the federales are spending his children 's Social Security on overseas wars and occupations , and then some fat local yokel with a badge , a club , and a smirk of self - righteousness rips him off on the way to MacDonald 's ... for the sin of disobedience . [ 1 ]
It 's enough to drive a man to drink .
But do n't do that !
One hundredth of a percent over the 0.08 blood alcohol limit — roughly three 5 % beers for a 150 # man or two glasses of wine for a 120 # woman in an hour and a half — and they throw the book at you .
Believe me , being an occasional cash cow for the local seat - belt Nazis will cause you only one one - hundredth of the pain and suffering that will rain down upon your sorry rear end for violating any of the state 's arbitrary recreational drug restrictions — the modern - day equivalent of laws against Sin .
If you take a machete to a Boy Scout you 'll do some sunny - day , walkaround time and be paroled in a couple of years , but smoke a joint within 500 yards of a vacant playground — or commit any of a million other consensual yet religiously condemned faux pas — you become a sad ward , a mistreated - bastard foster child , of the system forever .
So what 's an average working man to do ?
Everywhere you turn the government is clamping down the vice .
The list of things you can't do , as well as the list of things you must do , increments daily .
Today seatbelts , tomorrow cigarettes — " Hello , Ma'am , we 're from the local air - quality survey team and we 're here to inspect your home for smokers and other degenerates ; we assure you they 'll be sent to the best of our remediation camps . "
Actually , today cigarettes ( in bars and restaurants ) .
Okay , tomorrow , Real ID .
Nope , that 's an ( almost ) today , too — rebellion is afoot .
Everything is in place now , thanks to the Patriot Act and the Military Commissions Act , etc. for wholesale arrest and internment of Americans ... at least legally .
[ 1 ]
The Truman Wright Plan : Just Say No! Memorial Day , 2008 : It 's pretty clear — at least to the healthy minority of us government - school kids who took the indoctrination with a grain of salt and refused behavioral medications — that contemporary America is messed up beyond anything our liberty - bequeathing ancestors could have imagined .
From the perspective of freedom , we are absolutely FUBARed .
Unfortunately , a large part of my Coffee Coaster analyses and commentaries are taken up with just this situation : our dire political straits and ideas for course correction .
[ I say unfortunately because I 'd rather write a lot more human interest , which is truly entertaining and humorous , and I can't because of this 900 - pound gorilla of Kleptocon domination sitting right over there facing me on the sofa . ]
The deal is that my small efforts at attempting to slay the gorilla , or at least getting him out of the living room , are only writing .
Same with so many of my colleagues in the libertarian resistance .
Which is n't to denigrate the importance of language and conceptual clarity in conducting our political lives , only that writing is n't the same as acting .
Rather it is acting , but acting from a distance .
What we need is some here and now street action , some old - fashioned American civil unrest , some Truman Wright " come and get me you worthless government scum , because I 'm not taking your girly - man orders anymore . "
A few months ago , I read of a federal act that had been passed to basically cripple the nutritional supplements business .
I thought , " why not just say no ? "
Do n't comply , tell the FDA goons to stuff it , we 're not going to obey your rules , we 're putting our funds in Swiss accounts and sending our families to safe havens ; we 're making a stand , come and get us you slimy , useless pukes .
Back in November 2007 , the feds from the Treasury tried to make an example of Bernard von Nothaus of the Liberty Dollar , with an armed FBI raid that expropriated his entire operation .
His response ?
He went back to work and is making a new series of precious - metal coins .
Buy some .
The Hemp Industries Association , which wants to see agricultural hemp become a trillion - dollar a year business saving American farms and workers , sends out a bumper sticker : " Let American Farmers Grow Hemp . "
Sure I like the bumper sticker , but are n't we getting tired of asking for permission to do so many things that the government has absolutely no right to stop us from doing ?
In the 20 states or so where hemp bills have passed the legislatures ( while they wait for the lunatic DEA to remove hemp from Schedule 1 narcotics ) , what I 'd like to see is a little Truman Wright initiative : a farmer 's libertarian resistance .
" We 're planting hemp .
Try to stop us . "
Now , that 's a bumper sticker I 'll buy .
Then with , say , 100 citizen - Gandhian farmers from each of 20 states starting their plots and declaring their absolute rights as free men , what 's the government going to do ?
Two thousand men , presumably armed and defending their properties and their Constitution , spread out all over the country .
That 's a movement real people everywhere will get behind .
No doubt as soon as the first year 's crop comes in , regardless of the severity of government response , most of the remaining family farms ( ~ 1.5 million ) will be in the hemp business .
How is the state going to stop that ?
It 's not .
Do yourself a favor and rent the movie Gandhi this weekend , then read Henry David Thoreau 's On the Duty of Civil Disobedience .
And of course watch the HBO miniseries John Adams ( and read the book ) .
Well , I can spend all day thinking up areas where it's time for citizens to take the Howard Beale 's " We 're mad as hell , and we 're not going to take it anymore " approach to better government .
Leave your seatbelt off , ride your motorcycle without a helmet , refuse to pay unconstitutional taxes , assert your sovereignty over government officials , smoke weed , grow hemp , drink beer , refuse to show your identification ... manicure nails without a license , whatever — do all these things and others advisedly , safely , and publicly .
If arrested and arraigned , insist on going to trial and informing the jury of its rights ( and , of course , yours ) .
All it takes is one Gandhian moment , one instance of publicized success of the libertarian resistance , to bring the entire rotted empire to its knees .
On an immediate national scale , the Ron Paul phenomenon is not spent , not by a long shot , the Libertarians this weekend have nominated a would - be Ron Paul surrogate , former Georgia Republican Representative Bob Barr for President .
This is good news in a couple of ways : he 'll probably take votes from the senile , explicitly Neocon warmonger John McCain — though Obama is probably the devil we do n't know ( " ye may smile and smile — and brightly yap and yap — yet be a villain " ) .
More important , let us hope the freedom people in politics draw attention to the only general principle of behavior that will get our country out of its mess : Constitutional liberty .
It is a movement that will not be denied .
What a pleasant thought on this day of remembrance : a tribute to the lives of all our American ancestors who understood and embraced the concept of individual freedom under the Constitution .
Thanks ,
Dad .
Thanks , Bro .
I love you and I remember .
So do all these other fine friends of mine .
## # [ 1 ]
It occurs to me more and more that the lower - level neighborhood Kleptocon enforcers — and government officials generally who must answer more directly to the citizens — must face serious internal conflict about routinely being ordered to aggress upon their fellow citizens .
These are actual human beings , with families in the community ; the guilt and shame have to be considerable .
Recall I addressed the need to turn the law enforcement community toward liberty in a couple of recent columns , reference [ a ] and [ b ] .
C'mon guys , just say no !
The oppressors will lose their will , and you 'll be able to look yourselves in the mirror , again . [ 2 ]
Even though the US government seems to lack the resources — too many tied up in the outposts of empire — to carry out a totalitarian prison regime , it 's gaining valuable experience with Blackwater and other corporate - mercenary forces .
Hey , if they can torture and massacre in Iraq , managing detention facilities for " noncompliant "
Americans will be like summer camp .
2008 May 26
Copyright © Brian Wright | The Coffee Coaster ™
Memorial Day 2008 | Remembrances of Soldiers | American Freedom
A basic tenet of criminal justice holds that an offender should pay for his crimes .
So in these recessionary times , inmates are finding their pocketbooks lighter than ever as a growing number of jails and sheriffs departments exploit that principle to counter rising costs and budget cutbacks .
In Florida , for example , which has the nation 's third - largest prison system , authorities have found a new way to make sure an inmate pays his debt to society - increasing the price of chocolate buns , among a host of other items from its jail canteens , by 244 per cent .
All profits made from the snack shops – about $ 30 million in 2008 – are ploughed straight into the general fund of a state grappling with a $ 6 billion budget deficit .
" We have sympathy but it 's tough on everyone , " says Gretl Plessinger , spokesperson for the Florida Department of Corrections .
" Prices are going up everywhere . "
Elsewhere , charging inmates for their bed and board seems to be the way to go .
Missouri's Taney County has just spent $ 27 million on a new state - of - the - art jail with facilities that might rival anything found locally through an online hotel search .
The nightly tariff is a competitive $ 45 , full board , and although the room service might lack a few of the luxuries of the outside world , county leaders are determined that their ' guests ' pay their own way .
" It does n't make sense that our citizens should have to pay for the irresponsible behavior of others in these tough economic times , " says Jeffrey Merrell , the prosecuting attorney for Taney County , which began billing inmates seven weeks ago .
" It just makes good common sense to require those serving time in the jail to pay for the time and services spent , " he says .
" Although we may not be able to recoup every dollar spent to house all of our inmates , every dollar that can be collected provides some bit of relief for the taxpayers . "
Not surprisingly , inmates and their families are not happy at having to dig deeper in their pockets to bail out states and counties that no longer have the funds to maintain jail services at pre-recession levels .
The Florida Department of Corrections has received more than a hundred letters and emails from inmates ' families complaining about the price hikes .
" It 's like we 're a private ATM for the corrections department and they know there 's nothing we can do about it , " says the wife of one inmate serving a life sentence at Florida 's Martin County Correctional Institute .
The woman , who asked to remain anonymous because she feared repercussions for her husband , said she can't afford to send him more than $ 40 a week .
But that , she claims , is quickly swallowed up by the new higher rates on essential items such as sunscreen for when he works outside tending the prison grounds .
" It 's crazy .
It does n't leave them enough money to be able to afford to eat properly , " she says .
" What they 've done is sly .
They reduced portion size at mealtimes to save money , leaving the men hungry , then made it sound like they were doing them a favor by increasing the amount they could spend in the canteen from $ 50 to $ 75 a week .
Then they turn around and jack up all the prices .
They make them pay 99 cents for a packet of Ramen noodles .
You can get 10 of those for that price in the supermarket . "
Other price hikes in Florida 's 137 detention facilities , which came into effect in late March and which Ms. Plessinger blames on a change of supplier , include a 150 per cent rise in the cost of Hersheys chocolate and Snickers bars to 89 c , a jump from 61 cents to $ 1.49 for a Mrs Freshley 's chocolate iced Honeybun and a 275 per cent increase in a small bag of Doritos chips to $ 1.29 .
Florida calculates it can improve its bottom line without resorting to directly billing inmates .
But that concept , while not new , is quickly gaining popularity around the country as the recession continues to bite .
This week , legislators in New Jersey joined their counterparts in Pennsylvania in proposing the introduction of daily fees of about $ 10 to $ 15 to offset the estimated annual $ 38,700 cost of an individual 's incarceration .
Georgia lawmakers have discussed a $ 40 - a - day fee for inmates deemed able to afford it , and one of the nation 's highest prisoner tariffs , $ 60 - a- night , was recently approved in Springfield , Oregon .
Others are taking a piecemeal approach to raising money from detainees , rather than a pay - per-stay .
Some examples : in Maricopa County , Arizona , Sheriff Joe Arpaio 's prisoners pay $ 1.25 a day for their meals ; weekend - only inmates pay a fee in Virginia 's Hanover and Caroline Counties , contributing $ 29,000 a year to the running costs of Pamunkey jail ; and in Ware County , Georgia , fees are deducted from inmates ' accounts for medical and dental expenses , as long as they have at least $ 10 to their name .
Major Roger Paxton , head of corrections in Ohio's Richland County , asked commissioners to consider a $ 30 booking fee and medical and other charges to help Sheriff Steve Sheldon close a $ 500,000 budget gap .
" We had to lay off 14 employees , " he says .
" We have to look at all potential sources of revenue to offset the costs we pay and to be able to do the job we 're supposed to do . "
Not every cash - strapped county sees prisoners as cash cows , however .
Deputy Tom Erickson , the sheriff 's spokesman in Johnson County , Kansas , says authorities there rejected the idea .
" We looked at a pay - to - stay charge but there were a couple of issues , " he says .
" Firstly , the return on the investment is very low , we figured it would come close to 20 per cent .
You'd have to hire a full - time person to administer it , and pay their salary and benefits , and come out losing money or just breaking even .
" Then if somebody does n't pay , what do you do ?
Do you issue a warrant for them , have them arrested again , put them back in jail ?
You 've created a debtors ' prison , and that 's neither wanted nor needed .
For us , it was n't the right thing to do . "
Civil liberties groups have begun raising questions about the legality of charging inmates for room and board .
In 2006 , a Georgia county had to repay money to some inmates who had been made to pay for the time they had been incarcerated before their conviction .
Critics say the idea of expecting prisoners to pay is absurd .
" They 're typically poor people anyway from poor families , and when you take $ 45 a day from them that 's money that does n't go for groceries or rent , " says Sean O'Brien , formerly Chief Public Defender in Kansas City , Missouri , and now an associate professor of law at University of Missouri - Kansas City Law School .
" In abstract , it sounds good , user fees for prisons , but it 's a ridiculous notion .
Really it 's a poor person 's tax .
Some counties are lukewarm to it and others have rejected it because they know they 're never going to get it .
You can't get blood from a turnip . "
Material from the Associated Press was used in this report .
This film has begun spreading on Kaixin001 :
This movie is called Bus 44 ( 车四十四 ) , made by Chinese - American director Dayyan Eng .
It won awards at the Venice Film Festival and Sundance Film Festival and was invited to Cannes Film Festival .
Based on a true story , Bus 44 takes place on the outskirts of a small town , a bus driver ( Gong ) and her passengers encounter highway robbers .
“ Bus 44 ” carries a universal theme that travels across all boundaries and societies , trespassing the dark side and bright side of human behavior .
More information .
Comments from Youku :
vince0741 :
Being blacklisted within China is the real pity .
Desperado79 :
How did it win awards ?
Just because he made a film about an ugly side [ of China ] ?
takethat62 :
The story is a good story , but of course the film inherited Chinese movies ’ tradition – – taking a good thing and ruining it .
Why would that man laugh in the end ?
Incredible how chaotic the world view is that this can win an award , foreigners ’ standards are not very high either …
chen1984 :
Sigh , people these days do not have a sense of justice , though there are also a lot of good intentions repaid with bad consequences , such a conflict .
阿力班长 :
Seeing this film my heart feels very bleak .
What that bus driver did was right , I support .
That guy ’s [ the guy who tried to help ] physique was too weak ( I believe our Chinese men need to work out and improve their own physiques ) because if he had a good physique then he would not have gotten injured trying to help others / doing the right thing .
With regards to the passengers in the film ( excluding the women ) , they did want to go rescue but were timid .
If that guy were able to knock out that person , I think they would also get off the bus to go stop the criminals …
Everyone feeling afraid and not daring to get off the bus , that is a kind of traditional thinking that more responsibility is worse than less responsibility [ it is better to mind one ’s own business ] .
Had the passengers not had the traffic accident , they too would feel a lifetime of regret for not getting get off the bus and having let the criminals ruin that girl .
jjhujj :
Exceptionally sad , really , because I had seen a similar story a long time ago , because it makes me think of what I would do were I one of those people , with most of the people wanting to help , yet afraid to .
Exceptionally sad , sad that modern society ’s mores are like this .
苛求完美 :
Good , good , good , I heard of this a long time ago .
Let many people see , see the price of being indifferent .
兜兜ヤ :
Those who died on the bus deserved it .
DaqQQQ :
That male actor ’s way of smiling does not seem to be very appropriate for this outcome !
mmh19890525 :
This film ’s essence is in the actor laughing at the end .
cui19870607 :
This short film gives people much to lament about .
It was also filmed very well .
The lines were not too wordy .
Only thing is , the hero laughing at the end is because he finally understood why that girl forced him off the bus , but I also felt this short film did not do this part well .
An entire bus full of lives , laughing makes people think the people on the car deserved to die .
This makes the short film ’s meaning exaggerated or a failure .
I am not sure .
Overall , this short film was very good , and you can see that the director did his best .
I hope similar things will no longer happen .
barryzhen :
Chinese people ’s numbness .
Watching this makes one ’s heart cold , feeling that this society is pretty frozen , everyone so selfish , a little too selfish , selfish to the point of letting others safeguard one ’s own rights and interests .
This is also why gangsters can be that arrogant .
What do you think of this short film ?
The race for bigger and better memory continues apace , it seems .
It was only a week or two ago that we caught wind of the work that scientists in Berkeley were doing with nanotubes and thousand - year - plus memory lifespans , and now it looks like a group of researchers in Japan have made some headway using an electron - beam direct - writing technique that utilizes semiconductor devices that can keep data intact for a thousand years , so long as humidity is kept at 2 % or less .
The prototype Digital Rosetta Stone , developed by Keio University , Kyoto University , and Sharp , has a storage capacity of 2.5TB and a max transmission speed of 150 Mbps .
Of course , there 's no telling if or when this will become a reality , so if you want to ensure that your adolescent poetry lasts for the next thousand years , you 'd better print out your MySpace blog and have it carved in granite .
[ Via TechShout
Le nombre de somaliens contraints de fuir leurs maisons à Mogadiscio atteint maintenant le chiffre de 96 000 personnes depuis le début des combats entre les forces gouvernementales et les groupes armés d’opposition le 8 mai dernier , a indiqué vendredi le Haut Commissariat des Nations Unies pour les réfugiés ( UNHCR ) . «
En plus de ce dernier recensement , on estime que 35 000 autres personnes sont toujours à l’intérieur de la ville , à la recherche d’un abri dans des plus zones sûres car elles n’ont aucun moyen de fuir .
Quelques 26 000 personnes se sont organisées pour fuir vers des sites de fortune dans le corridor d’Afgooye à environ 30 kilomètres au sud-est de Mogadiscio , rejoignant ainsi les 400 000 personnes déplacées qui y ont déjà trouvé un abri .
Les 35 000 autres ont fui vers différentes régions de la Somalie .
Certains d’entre eux ont également rejoint les pays voisins » , a dit le porte - parole du HCR , Ron Redmond , lors d’un point de presse à Genève .
Selon les partenaires locaux du HCR en Somalie , quelques 2 000 personnes leur ont fait savoir qu’elles avaient pour projet de traverser la frontière et d’entrer au Kenya .
Plus d’un millier disent par ailleurs qu’elles sont prêtes à risquer leur vie et à entreprendre le voyage périlleux avec les trafiquants pour traverser le Golfe d’Aden et se rendre au Yémen .
Quelques 600 personnes ont dit qu’elles se rendraient en Ethiopie .
Au Kenya voisin , le nombre de nouveaux arrivants somaliens est passé d’une moyenne d’une centaine par jour à près de 200 la semaine dernière .
Depuis le début de l’année , près de 32 000 personnes ont traversé la frontière pour entrer au Kenya , portant le nombre total de Somaliens réfugiés dans le pays à plus de 297 000 .
« Nous continuons d’apporter dans l’urgence de l’aide aux personnes déplacées en Somalie .
Les partenaires locaux du HCR viennent d’achever la première phase d’une distribution d’aide dans le sud de Mogadiscio .
Les approvisionnements en matériels de secours du HCR ont commencé le mardi 26 mai et 12 600 personnes ont reçu des bâches en plastique , des nattes pour dormir , des ustensiles de cuisine , des couvertures , des jerricans et des produits d’hygiène , dans la région de Kah Shiqal au sud de Mogadiscio » , a dit M. Redmond .
La prochaine phase de distribution d’aide devait commencer au début de cette semaine à proximité d’un lieu appelé Kilomètre 13 , dans les faubourgs sud-est de la capitale somalienne .
Pendant cette phase , le HCR espérait fournir de l’assistance humanitaire à quelques 30 000 personnes , mais la distribution a été stoppée à cause des combats entre les groupes d’opposition et les forces gouvernementales pour le contrôle de la route principale qui relie Mogadiscio au district d’Afgooye , a - t - il ajouté .
Source : UNHCR
* New movie tells how Enterprise crew mates got together
* Leonard ‘ Spock ’ Nimoy tells old fans : ‘ open your mind !’
LOS ANGELES , May 5 ( Reuters ) - When director J.J. Abrams dreamed up the new “ Star Trek ” movie , he took the prologue to the original television series to mind , and at least one key person approves -- Mr. Logical himself , Spock .
For new “ Trekkies ” -- and there will likely be many when the movie debuts in U.S. theaters on Friday -- the 1960s TV show started with a prologue about the voyages of the starship Enterprise and its crew that would “ boldly go where no ( one ) has gone before ” in the “ final frontier ” of space .
To reignite the franchise that spawned five TV series and 10 movies over roughly 40 years , Abrams has done exactly that -- gone where no other “ Star Trek ” storyteller had gone before -- with a tale of how Captain James T. Kirk , Dr. “ Bones ” McCoy and the Vulcan Mr. Spock came to be shipmates .
But changing the “ canon ” -- events and characters that shape “ Star Trek ” lore -- could leave legions of old “ Trekkies ” thinking Abrams had done something “ highly illogical , ” as Spock might have once said .
Old Spock Leonard Nimoy begs to differ .
“ Canon is only important to certain people because they have to cling to their knowledge of the minutiae , ” Nimoy told Reuters .
“ Open your mind !
Be a ‘ Star Trek ’ fan and open your mind and say , ‘ Where does Star Trek want to take me now ’ . ”
Where will audiences be taken ?
Backward is the way ahead .
They will learn confident Captain Kirk ( Chris Pine ) was a brawling bad boy from Iowa who joins the Star Fleet Academy , and beats the impossible “ no win ” simulator test that was dreamed up by the young and “ logical ” Spock ( Zachary Quinto ) .
Together with crew mates McCoy , Nyota Uhura , Hikaru Sulu , Pavel Chekov and engineer Scotty , they board the Enterprise as young men and women on their first adventure in space .
The film , produced by Viacom Inc's VIAb .
N Paramount pictures , moves at warp speed as the crew engages the villain Nero ( Eric Bana ) who has an eye for evil .
‘ GREAT JOB , ’ SAYS SPOCK
Nimoy , 78 , is the only actor from the original TV series and “ Star Trek ” movies to also claim a role in the new film , playing Spock Prime , who helps set in motion the new future .
He heaped praise on the 31 - year - old Quinto for taking Spock in a new direction as he first despises Kirk then grows to have a grudging respect for the man that will become his captain .
“ I could n’t have improved on what he did , ” Nimoy said .
“ He did a great job , a great job , and I admire his choices . ”
After more than 40 years , Nimoy seems to have reached a comfort level with the character from whom he once wanted to distance himself .
Nimoy even wrote one book called “ I Am Not Spock ” , but later followed it with , “ I Am Spock ” .
Nimoy was “ ready to play the wise old character that hands down some help and philosophy to the young people ” , he said .
“ Settled , resolved , comfortable ...
The Spock I played in this movie is pretty much me .
Pretty much where I am in my life . ”
Whether fans settle for the new “ Star Trek ” awaits Friday ’s debut , but among comments at www.trekspace.org was this from Ben J Grimm : “ I simply REFUSE to support ParaMOUND in their DEGRADATION of my beloved STAR TREK . ”
So “ Grimm ” may be disappointed in early reviews because “ Star Trek ” is winning raves .
At review aggregator rottentomatoes.com , the movie rates a 100 percent positive .
The Hollywood Reporter says " all the familiar characters are instantly identifiable , the film gives Paramount Pictures a new lease of life on its franchise . "
( Editing by Bob Tourtellotte )
( To read more about our entertainment news , visit our blog " Fan Fare " online at blogs.reuters.com /fanfare / )
Last year , we raved about a crazy / genius pulsejet engine bicycle builder named Robert Maddox .
Now you can buy his biggest and baddest engine on eBay .
Advertisement
This twin engine produces 100 lbs of thrust by burning a mix of gasoline and kerosene — no need for jet fuel .
Consisting of two 50lb engines that can each reportedly thrust a bike forward at 75 mph , nothing but trouble can await those who install this twice - as - powerful , 140 decibel engine that glows " red hot " while burning 1.5 gallons of fuel per mile .
Advertisement
Buy your pulsejet engine now on eBay for $ 1200 , or make a lowball offer and spend the rest on life insurance .
You really can't go wrong .
[ eBay via OregonLive via Gizmowatch ]
So I was quite literally perusing the net for no good reason ( an act I ’m frequently involved in when the planets align and my kids are asleep and nothing ’s on TV ) and I stumbled across a message board for some bizarre movies .
One of the folks therein chatting about something or other had an icon of a book cover that immediately piqued my interest : a nun about to get , um , ‘ messed up intimately ’ by a big dog .
Look , I have a bizarre sense of humor , okay ?
So I typed in the name and , not surprisingly , I found a web site HERE completely dedicated to the finding and , subsequent selling , of these books !
Oh , I have seen pulpy , sleazy book covers before featuring hunky dudes in a passionate embrace with orgiastic women who are barely concealing their shame , but , until now , I have never seen ‘ Pet Books ’ ( as they ’re humorously called ) before .
These 10 covers are almost too ridiculous to be true , but I assure you , every one is from a real book with , presumably , a real story inside involving characters doing excessively wrong things with their pets .
And no , I have read exactly zero of these and yes , it ’ll stay that way , thank you .
Enjoy !
Oh , and mild NSFW ’ish .
Funny , though .
Peeping On Mom And Her Dog
I just love how the title implies that the other woman in this picture , presumably the daughter , is spying on her canine - obsessed mother .
And , above and beyond all that , it also appears that dear daughter is also without clothes .
Maybe they can share .
Great Dane indeed !
Animal Farm Orgy
I love the little play on the George Orwell classic .
However , I do question if the plot is less about Dystopian government anarchy among actual farm animals and more about having sex with goats .
It ’s probably just as good a read though .
Apparently it ’s just Monday on the farm .
Dog-Loving Camp Girls
If ever there was a sleazy book title that precisely emulates 80 ’s slasher films , this would have to be it .
I can just see the movie now :
The ‘ all - boys ’ camp is called ‘ The Dogs ’ and , well , it just gets weird from there .
What ’s going on in this book ?
I ’d suspect something vaguely similar .
The ‘ Sloppy - Seconds ’ dog looks really pissed .
Mother ’s Dog Urge
Remember Reading Rainbow ?
“ Does your mother have a dog urge ?
Is your mom sneaking around with the family pet ?
Well , if so , then you ’ll love the story of little Jimmy ’s mom and her secret desire to ‘ give the dog a bone ’ .
I loved this book and you will , too ! ” Butterfly in the sky …
Oh so that ’s how she does it .
Informative , no ?
Carla ’s Beast Rape
Things this book title does n’t have : subtlety .
It is n’t tough to guess what Carla ’s ‘ To - Do ’ list looks like in the morning : “ 1 ) Go to market .
2 ) Pick up Tom ’s dry-cleaning .
3 ) Get raped by horse .
4 ) Linda ’s for dinner . ”
I ’m not hanging out with Carla .
I do n’t even like Linda .
Should n’t they be rescuing that poor girl ?
Oh , wait …
Dog Orgy Wife
Three words that generally do n’t get found together in the same thought , let alone the same book title .
It ’s like finding a kid ’s book called Pencil Rabbit Applesauce .
I wonder if there ’s a set of hand signals one can use … say , maybe an interested guy to illustrate his desire for Dog Orgy Wife .
Would n’t surprise me .
“ Woops !
It appears all of my clothes fell off !
Now what ? ”
Mother ’s Pet
There are an awful lot of these books with Mother in the title .
I ’m going to go out on a limb and assume the plot looks something like this : Stay - at - home - wife does nothing all day but cook and clean for her absent , workaholic husband .
He relents to her whining and gets her a dog .
Que 70 ’s bass - heavy porn music .
Though I ’ve never read one , it ’s not too difficult to discern the synopsis .
“ Hurry , your owner will be home any second ! ”
Dog Raped Virgin
It ’s a wonder why there are n’t more books permeating the New York Times best seller list that feature the word ‘ Rape ’ in them ?
I ’d bet they ’d sell millions … especially if you include the word ‘ Dog ’ in there somewhere , too .
It could just be a huge ‘ RAPE ’ in the upper center then , lower right , pretty small type , ‘ Dog ’ .
BAM !
Millions out the door .
Or , maybe it ’s a colossally repulsive turn off .
I ’m not too smart about these things .
“ No , Rover !
Sniff the hole you did n’t dig ! ”
The Virgin ’s Dogs
Tonight , on a very special Little House on the Prairie , Laura gets a new pet , much to Pa ’s behest .
If you ’re gonna feed your dogs in just shoes and panties , well …
The Nun , The Dog And The Pleasure
And here , folks , is the book cover I saw that really turned me on ( so to speak ) to these sleazy pulp gems .
The cover itself almost looks too cartoony to be true ( like somehow the others are less so ) !
Just that image of the Nun caught in the act while pledging her ultimate devotion to the Lord is priceless .
She ’s obviously in serious prayer , here , and that damn dog just ca n’t seem to figure out how to get the rest of her clothes off what with his lack of thumbs .
And how many Nuns do you know that go commando under their robes ?
Well , I do n’t know any Nun ’s but I ’d still guess very few .
Love this cover .
Looks Like Sister Mathilda behind the candles is missing out .
Key Features
World 's Largest LCD Display
HDMI x 3
RS - 232C for Control
Enjoy breathtaking picture quality on the world 's largest LCD display with Sharp 's LB - 1085 108 " LCD Monitor 1080 p ( 107.53 " Viewable ) .
This bright display has wide viewing angles and is easily visible in areas even with ambient light .
Multiple 1080 p inputs include three HDMI ports and 2 HD component inputs .
Other inputs include S - Video , composite plus DVI - 1 for versatility with RS - 232C for control connectivity .
It ’s hard for me to get hung up on every nutty thing that Glenn Beck says , at least in part because I ’ve never watched his show or listened to him on the radio .
If Atrios had n’t spent years mocking his CNN ratings , I might not even know that Beck existed .
So , despite his higher ratings on FOX News , I do n’t particularly care about Beck .
He seems transparently buffoonish and , for that reason , fairly unthreatening .
But I ’ve noticed a certain element of the right among elected officials , echoing some of these Beckian talking points .
You have Rep. Phil Gingrey ( R - GA ) comparing Nancy Pelosi to Ayatollah Khamenei and Kim Jong -il .
Sen. John McCain ( R - AZ ) says she is almost an autocrat .
You have Michele Bachmann referring to the ACES bill as a form of ‘ tyranny . ’
You can see that this is a new theme both on the inside and in right - wing media .
Rush Limbaugh is comparing President Obama to an African dictator and Newt Gingrich is comparing Obama ’s energy policy to the Soviet subjugation of Poland .
Now , I understand that the Republican Party is feeling a bit besieged , what with their diminished numbers and all .
And , when you ’re feeling powerless , it ’s understandable that you ’ll feel like the other side is abusing their power a bit .
But there is n’t the faintest substantive suggestion in any of this criticism that Obama or the Congressional Democrats are violating laws or the Constitution .
You can find more legitimate claims of abuse of power everyday in Glenn Greenwald ’s columns .
There is a valid libertarian critique of the Democrats .
Either the Obama administration is continuing dubious practices that do violence to our privacy and civil rights , or they are obstructing people ’s attempts to hold the Bush administration accountable for those abuses .
But , strangely , the Republicans are nearly silent and sometimes supportive on those issues .
They ’re accusing Obama of tyranny , not for indefinite detention or covering up torture , but for trying to address global warming and extend health care coverage to the uninsured .
If you take their rhetoric seriously , Obama is turning America into North Korea or the Soviet Union or Zimbabwe .
And , if that were really the case , we ’d all be justified in rising up and overthrowing our government .
It ’s dangerous , irresponsible rhetoric that incites people to violence .
More than 20,000 Pennsylvanians are expected to exhaust their jobless benefits in mid-July .
The state Department of Labor and Industry expects them to be the first large wave of people who have gone through as many as 72 weeks of unemployment benefits .
Labor and Industry Department Deputy Secretary Patrick Beaty says the agency sent letters to 21,000 people last week notifying them .
He says there is still no letup in applications for benefits , and the agency does not expect the rising unemployment rate to ease in the coming months .
The department says an average of nearly 450,000 Pennsylvanians received benefits over the four weeks ending June 20 .
Since the recession began in December 2007 , Pennsylvania has lost more than 180,000 jobs , or one in every 32 .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
" Get jiggy with alternate sources of fuel ! " Talking Out of Your Ass
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Related :
All I 'm really asking , Jenny McCarthy , is that you understand the influence you have as a pretty , Oprah - anointed TV star and you be careful with it .
A typical McCarthy justification for believing a relationship between vaccines and autism is that she " just knows " or she " can just feel it , " based on her own personal observations as a parent , and her movement gains momentum by other parents that feel it or " know it to be true . "
In one video , I heard her say " Contrary to scientific belief , autism is not genetic and I truly believe it is a genetic vulnerability . "
You know why science never says it " truly believes " anything ?
Because it 'sfucking science .
Which is n't to say that science is infallible , just that I respect that science wo n't say that a vaccine is good for you because it " believes " in it .
Doctors do research and perform exhaustive and expensive studies ( in fact , because the vaccine issue was so high profile , they spent hundreds of thousands of dollars and several years studying and restudying vaccinations so much , that , as a result , they could n't examine any other potential causes of autism ) .
If you 're going to be a spokeswoman , you need to know what you 're talking about and do actual research , not just quoting articles that bend to your beliefs .
Take me for example .
I 'm no expert on medicine .
All I did was sort of study it for a while and read every available piece of literature on the subject of vaccinations in preparation for this column .
But I 'm also kind of an idiot .
So , as I do with most matters I do n't fully understand , I decided to turn to a trusted , educated source to get a second opinion .
I called my mom , who has been a for - real working nurse for many years and also makes this one pasta dish that 'll knock your goddamned socks off .
Hey , Mommy , it 's Daniel .
Is there any link between vaccination and autism ?
A lot of people think there is , and they want to believe there is , but there just is n't enough evidence to support it .
There have been countless , extensive studies into the matter , and there 's no link .
The case was just brought before Congress , where it was ruled that there was no causation .
So why do people think there 's a link ?
Well , we do have more vaccinations today , and autism is on the rise , which may be too cozy a coincidence for some people .
And another problem is that autism by its nature will manifest in infancy , between 18 months and three or four years , and that 'salso when babies are receiving their vaccinations , which is probably why people assume the correlation .
Now , we still do n't know what 's causing the current rise in autism , but as of now there isBooya .
Yes .
One more question .
Give me the recipe for that pasta that you make that I love .
Never .
- Click -
While I can't say the call ended exactly the way I wanted it to ( what 's that spice ?
It 's thyme , is n't it ?
Is it thyme ?
IS IT THYME ?! ) , I can say that there 's more to this issue than saying " I believe there 's a link to autism . "
I also believe that there 's a chance I 'm wrong .
And maybe 10 years down the line , somehow , a link will be discovered , and it'll turn out that Jenny McCarthy was some kind of psychic .
But just in case Congress , my mom and me and science are right , do n't listen to Jenny McCarthy .
Greens Leader Bob Brown says he will be able to pay a $ 240,000 legal bill without help from businessman Dick Smith .
Senator Brown faced losing his seat in the Upper House if he failed to pay Forestry Tasmania 's legal fees after initiating a court case to stop logging in the Wielangta Forest .
He admitted earlier this week he was having trouble paying court costs and Dick Smith offered to help out .
But Senator Brown has told ABC Radio's AM program generous donations from the public have helped him raise the money .
Senator Brown says he will be able to meet the June 29 deadline after more than 1,000 people donated their money .
" A lot of these people have said 'we are not Greens voters , we are Labor voters or we are Liberal voters , but we want to make a donation for Tasmania 's forest and for this stand that you have taken for them ' , " he said .
" There has been the occasional $ 10,000 or $ 20,000 but most of them are $ 7 , $ 10 , people putting in $ 50 and that 's the real bulk of it .
" It just shows again the huge majority of people , when it gets down to it , want the forests and the wildlife protected . "
For days his has been a name invoked , a reminder of election - winning ways now lost , a ghostly presence at the cannibalistic feast of the attempted coup against Gordon Brown .
Then he was in front of us , just down the road from Westminster at the London School of Economics .
It was Tony Blair yesterday afternoon , speaking to a conference about climate change .
Suddenly , we were in a parallel universe where Blair still bestrode the world , dealing with big , global issues .
The US boss of Honeywell who spoke after him followed the American practice of addressing him as " Mr Prime Minister " .
The trappings of office surrounded him .
He arrived in a big black bullet - proof 4x4 .
He was selectively deaf to the questions from the television crew on the way in .
A blond security man with a curly - wired earpiece stood by the side of the stage .
There he was , shaking hands with some of the front row and taking his seat on the chat - show set .
A red tie .
Lightly tanned , a little thinner and noticeably balder than when he took his leave two years ago this month – a clip that was played on the news this week : " That is that ; the end . "
A clip that reminded us not so much how a departing prime minister is done , but how a great communicator could take such a humiliation and turn it into a moment of theatre that brought the House of Commons to a standing ovation .
When Gordon goes , it wo n't be like that .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Back at Westminster , there were medieval marquees up on the lawn opposite Parliament yesterday , just as there were when Blair went .
Two years ago , the monarchs of the media on their raised platforms were discussing Blair 's record and how his successor might do .
Yesterday , they were back to speculate about how much longer his successor might hang on .
The former prime minister dealt with the storm raging outside the lecture hall with familiar deftness , knowing he was among friends .
The conference was organised by Policy Network , an international centre - left club set up by Blair and Bill Clinton .
Victor Dahdaleh , an environmentally - friendly industrialist , introduced him by declaring : " How ?
That 's the question our guest of honour Tony Blair is the man to answer . "
How ?
How do you dislodge a sitting prime minister ?
Blair knew that was the question hanging in the air .
" We 're going to give time for questions and answers , " he said , pausing significantly .
" On the environment and climate change . "
But he began by thanking Dahdaleh for his generous introduction , in which he spoke of the " punishing job of the premiership " , and the audience for its warm applause .
" Very kind indeed .
You obviously do n't remember me . "
Indeed not .
Many of the plotters in Westminster have forgotten how unpopular Blair had become at the end , and their restless manoeuvring for a third leader in quick succession does suggest that something unspoken is lurking beneath the surface of modern British politics .
Meanwhile , it was a pleasure to listen to someone who can make a speech , engage in the art of persuasion – admittedly with an audience desperate to be persuaded .
He still has the confidence he gained gradually during his time at No 10 , the pleasing , not - really - self - deprecating , line .
Then it was off into the Blair climate change speech .
You know he 's done it before , but it still sounded as fresh as an air - freighted mange - tout .
And guess what ?
He 's optimistic that a global deal will be done at Copenhagen this December .
The best joke : his sunny optimism , in contrast to the rain - spotted despair down the road .
Read John Rentoul 's analysis of the reshuffle in the Independent on Sunday tomorrow .
His blog is at www.independent.co.uk/jrentoul
The quick lead - up was this : the premise of the program was that those big , bad public unions were using their power to direct stimulus to states in order to save union jobs .
To which I said " amen " :
If I can first address the main point : thank God for the public sector unions .
Because if it was n't for the public sector unions , and the stimulus money coming to states to save jobs , this economy would not just be in a so - called recession , we'd be at the bottom of the abyss .
It 's actually the stimulus money that has saved part of the economy and kept that sector going while in fact the private sector has declined because there 's no credit as you well know in the private sector , and jobs have been lost like crazy .
You can watch the whole back - and - forth on this point .
But , then , I made this observation on state budgets :
There are two reasons states are in trouble in terms of their budget .
One is the overall collapse of the economy thanks to Bernie Madoff , Wall Street , AIG , and all your other friends .
The second point is this : we do not have a progressive taxation system anymore .
In New York state , which Steve and I both live in , if we went back to a more progressive taxation system , and taxed just the top one percent , we would have about eight or nine billion dollars more which would solve the crisis .
Which sent Bartiromo over the edge ( this begins at about 6:48 of the clip ) :
BARTIROMO : Look , I can't allow you to fan the flames of class warfare on this program .
You said , you said " Wall Street and all your other friends . "
Who 's they ?
TASINI : Class warfare is , does exist in this country .
The problem is , the class that 's being affected are 95 percent of the population .
Are you telling me there is n't class warfare in this country ?
And , then , this :
BARTIROMO : Well , workers are being affected , however , I 'm trying to get at the point of why we have these troubled ...
TASINI : We have the biggest gap between rich and poor that we 've ever had in probably a hundred years .
Productivity in the last 30 years has skyrocketed , and workers have gotten no benefit , that is the definition of class warfare .
And Bartiromo , you can tell , is caught for a moment trying to figure out how to dispute the truth .
So , instead , she asks her other guest from the wacky Manhattan Institute to respond .
It gets more amusing when Bartiromo throws out the word " socialist " ( that 's always a show - stopper ) .
But , what I ultimately found interesting -- and said so at about 8:57 on the clip -- is that neither she or her other guest responded directly to address the FACT that there is class warfare in the country .
Anyway , you can watch the whole thing here ( apologies , but the embed code for CNBC videos does not work here ) :
http://www.cnbc.com/...
UPDATE : thanks for all your comments .
It 's all of you -- and this community and others -- that continually help get the message out about what is happening to most of the people .
I did want to say that there was another important exchange in the " debate " around health care .
Bartiromo and other people in the media regularly try to blame the problems in various industries , particularly , auto , on unionized workers .
But , they are incapable of dealing with the facts -- ideological opposition for all these years to a single - payer , " Medicare for All " system has saddled business with billions of dollars in costs that are killing the economy .
In other words , if you were to follow simply the economics -- rather than ideology and the coddling of the insurance industry -- you would have to conclude that single - payer is the only sane alternative .
This regularly escapes these folks .
UPDATE # 2 : It 's been a crazy day so sorry I have n't responded to more comments .
I did scan them , however , and have one comment about tone : Bartiromo can be termed many things -- wrong , a corporate mouthpiece , a union - basher and other things .
This is an open place and I 'm for freedom of speech .
BUT , I 'd like to suggest that we do n't cross the line with terms like " skank " , nor make derogatory , or frankly any comments , about her physical appearance .
That only cheapens , and detracts , from our main argument .
Migrate Website
When considering a Web hosting strategy , managers should take into consideration the three main phases of Web site development and migrate website and how they apply to their business .
They are listed below in the order of complexity depending on the business needs and resources .
During planning , enterprises may want to start with any of these types of Web presence , while still having a clear migration path for answering future business needs :
• Simple Internet Presence Web Site :
This is the most basic type of Website , which is generally the simplest and least expensive to set up .
This type of Website acts as a type of electronic calling card and resume of the business .
It contains general information about the enterprise ’s vision , mission , news , press releases , products , services and contact information .
A website may contain annual reports and specialized news bulletins for shareholders , as well as more general press releases , news items and a dedicated area for Website visitor feedback in the form of an email , guestbook entry or automated online forms .
Customer profiling features may be added at this basic stage of Website development .
Individually targeted Web pages may also be integrated to meet the interest needs of Website visitors .
This feature generally results in increased ordering and fast , hard - dollar ROI for the enterprises that choose to use it .
• Basic E- business / E-commerce Website : This Website category includes the same type of information as the simple presence Website , but adds a number of functional enrichment features that can save businesses substantial time and money and increase value for their customers .
Some of these enhancements may include :
An online catalog with secure ordering capabilities – creating a website like instant virtual “ store ” that is open 24x7x365 and accessible from anywhere in the world and in any time zone .
Secure ordering may be enabled by one or more off - the - shelf e-commerce software solutions .
Larger “ stores ” , such as Amazon.com , with literally millions of product offerings , also need integrated databases to manage and correlate the data relating to each product .
Integrated online call centers – Website patrons who need additional help can follow simple onscreen instructions , such as “ click here ” and be automatically linked to a “ live ” service person in those instances where more personalized service is needed .
Self - service customer support – FAQs , fact sheets , product specifications and instructions , interactive technical support and product use training should always be present on a website .
Self - service customer design of custom products may also be enabled .
At an interior design Website , customers might design a virtual room , in which they can coordinate all elements of the room to their liking .
They could then go on to order the necessary components for the room that they have just created .
Providing a Website for customer self - support also cuts business costs and eases the administrative burden on “ live ” support staff .
• Advanced E-Commerce / E-business Website : Increased functionality Website include advanced capabilities such as Web - based software for integrating and updating enterprise legacy systems and / or core applications to dynamic IP - based systems and applications .
Off - the - shelf and custom software applications can be integrated with enterprise Web sites to enhance business - to - business , intra-business and e-commerce processes in a number of areas .
• Fully Integrated E-business Web Presence :
At this fourth stage of development , the enterprise has become a fully integrated e-business with intranets , extranets and discrete enterprise systems working together as one seamless whole .
From time to time , the entire e-business function , plus all of the other key information systems reside at the MeSP site .
Back - office and front office functions work together as an integrated system for ease of ordering , asset management , inventory management and knowledge management throughout the enterprise .
In this scenario , the enterprise has become a true e-business designed with new opportunities for products and services as well as new opportunities for restructuring the organization along virtual lines of a website .
In this model , the enterprise can focus on its core competencies and leave the administration and run the network to the MeSP .
Migrate SSL Certificates
Copy the key , crt and csr files across ( into the /usr / share / ssl/ certs and /usr / share / ssl / private directories ) , add a SSL virtual host for that domain to httpd.conf with the new IP and paths and all .
Restart SSL .
Or in WHM , “ Install an SSL Certificate and Setup the Domain ”
MIGRATE WEBSITE PHASES
Before coming to the main topic of website migration , there is something that should be known and that thing is website hosting .
Web hosting is actually a type of service that enables an organization to make their website accessible through WWW ( World Wide Web ) .
And to accomplish this job there are various Web hosts ( companies ) that provide space on a server .
So it is quite clear from the above that what a website needs to get going .
Then what actually migrate website means and what are its phases ?
Migrate Website :
As the name suggests it has something to do with migration website .
Here migrate website means to change the web host of the website .
But if a website is already registered to a particular host then what is the need for migration ?
First of all website migration does n’t mean moving the old website as it is from old host to a new one .
It actually means that you are designing a new site on a new host and after that deleting the old hosting account .
There are many reasons for website migration i.e. moving your site from one host to another .
Basic reasons can be cost and type of service .
These web hosting companies , to lure website owners , offers many services in the beginning but as time passes the level of service degrades .
Still , the website owners continue to stick with them as most of them are oblivious to migrate website services and others are perplexed by this thought only .
Website Migrate Best Practices : Before migrating the website to a new host , there are certain things which should be kept in mind while performing a migration .
First thing is that while registering to a new host , do n’t cancel the old hosting account until you are satisfied with the new one .
The second step is testing the new site which certainly involves many different stages .
The developers must thoroughly understand the whole strategy plus if there are changes in URLs then 301 can redirect the users from old site to new one .
A third and most important step is going live .
The thing which should be seen most importantly after the website has gone live is whether the users are able to navigate or not .
Migrate Website to CMS : before getting onto all migrate website phases , you get to know what CMS is and how does it work ?
CMS stands for Content Management System .
It is software that resides on a server .
Its work is to edit the WebPages online and the best part is that these pages go live immediately .
Thus with CMS , a site owner can handle the designing issue by frequently morphing the pages as he likes .
Thus in short CMS makes a webpage dynamic .
When it comes to migrating a website to CMS , the first thing is to choose the correct CMS according to your needs .
Next step is an implementation of your content to the selected CMS
CMS is not that easy to handle so one must get trained to handle it properly .
CMS no doubt makes a website dynamic but monitoring the website regularly is also necessary .
Migrate from old Website :
There are many steps involved to migrate from the old website and done in two phases :
Move your website and redesign ’s launch .
One can use 301 redirect to redirect all the pages from the old site to new one permanently .
To avoid the 404 error , the redirect must be checked in advance .
Apart from that , there must be a one to one correspondence between the WebPages on old site and new site .
This will help in maintaining the site rank .
The practices mentioned earlier must be kept in mind while migration of website .
Migrate my Joomla website : Migrating a Joomla website is two - part process :
You must copy the file .
You must copy the database .
The common method of copying the file is by using FTP .
This simply involves downloading of the files from Joomla website on a web server and then uploading it to the new server .
For copying the database , you can use phpMyAdmin .
Apart from doing all the things manually , you can directly use JoomlaPack that turn a ZIP of the whole website .
The only thing to take care is the database .
Antes de divertirnos o indignarnos frente a la estupidez y a la maldad , déjeme , querida lectora , estimado lector , compartir con ustedes una buena noticia : turcos y armenios se acercan tras un siglo de enemistad .
Hace tres semanas , Barack Obama medió personalmente , en Estambul , entre los dirigentes de Turquía y Armenia para que normalizaran sus relaciones ; hace 15 días les hablé de los valientes turcos que remaban a contracorriente para compartir con los armenios la conciencia de la tragedia de 1915 ; ahora resulta que las secretarías de Relaciones Exteriores de los dos países anunciaron un acuerdo para “ la normalización de las relaciones bilaterales ” .
¡ Ojo !
No es la normalización , sino un paso hacia ella que debería empezar en unos días ( ¿semanas , meses ? ) con la apertura de las fronteras , algo importante porque pondría fin a un duro embargo económico , puesto que Turquía es la vía comercial natural de Armenia hacia Europa .
Y ahora vamos a declinar el verbo conspirar : él conspira , tú conspiras , ustedes y ellos conspiran , porque el otro es siempre el malvado , el enemigo , mientras que yo soy inocente .
La gripe A humana H1N1 la inventó Felipe Calderón para impedir las marchas de AMLO o para sabotear las elecciones de julio y/o ganarlas ; fue conspiración de la CIA para fregarnos , y tan es así que el gobierno de EU encargó la elaboración del virus a un laboratorio de biología de no recuerdo cuál universidad de Kansas u Oklahoma .
¡ Nooo !
Tonto , es un golpe ideado , financiado , ejecutado por la narcomafia .
¡ Qué va !
Es una conspiración de los Sabios de Sión en su última maniobra para construir un nuevo orden mundial favorable a sus intereses ( correo recibido hoy , no invento nada , lo juro , tampoco inventé lo de Calderón y de la CIA ) .
Para algunos no existe el virus , tampoco la epidemia , que es un nuevo Chupacabras inventado por el gobierno panista para distraer la atención y evadir la responsabilidad de todos los problemas que afectan a la nación y que no sabe remediar .
Uno puede pensar , sentir , decir lo que quiere , puesto que el cerebro no es racional , sino sentimental , pero un político , un comunicador , un analista responsable , si bien no escapa a la regla de nuestro cerebro pasional , tiene una ética profesional que no le permite , a la hora de la información , afirmar sin pruebas , siguiendo sus pasiones .
Por más anticalderonista que sea uno , y uno tiene derecho a sufrir esa pulsión , no puede hablar como la senadora que quiere llamarse Yeidckol Polevnsky .
¿ Se burla del Presidente porque dijo que hay que estornudar en el codo si uno no tiene tapaboca ?
De acuerdo ; ella sólo demuestra su ignorancia .
Pero cuando declara que no usará los tapabocas porque su color azul es un mensaje electoral subliminal … me limito a decir : sin comentarios .
Se encuentra al mismo bajo nivel que los dizque médicos que me mandaron mensajes afirmando que los patios de los hospitales estaban llenos de cadáveres que venían a sacar de noche los camiones del Ejército , que la desbandada reinaba entre doctores y enfermeras que desertaban en masa ; que los que afirman que todo es un invento del gobierno para desviar a las arcas electorales del PAN el dinero dizque destinado a luchar contra la inexistente enfermedad ; que sí existe el virus , pero que nuestro gobierno criminal retrasó el anuncio de la epidemia para no cancelar la visita de Obama , indispensable para su estrategia electoral .
Lo más bonito es el cuento siguiente : la economía mundial en crisis necesitaba un impulso ; a los del G - 7 se les ocurrió que la industria farmacéutica podría ser el motor del despegue y ofrecieron a México , vía Barack Obama , un pacto : tú dejas que nazca la epidemia en tu territorio y a cambio te conseguiremos una línea financiera multibillionaria .
El gran historiador francés , fusilado por los nazis en junio de 1944 , Marc Bloch , escribió al final de la Primera Guerra Mundial , en la cual había participado gloriosamente , un artículo sobre el tema que nos ocupa hoy : los rumores en tiempo de guerra ; en Francia , rumores falsos todos pero muy difundidos sobre las atrocidades supuestamente cometidas por los alemanes , en particular en la Bélgica ocupada .
Un solo ejemplo : los húsares prusianos enfilan a tres bebés belgas en su lanza para luego asarlos y devorarlos ; los de la infantería hacen lo mismo , pero en su bayoneta cabe un solo infante .
Inútil decir que en Alemania corrían los mismos rumores , agravados por el hecho de que entre las tropas francesas , inglesas y estadounidenses había … ¡negros y moros !
La estupidez humana no tiene límites .
[ email protected ]
Profesor investigador del CIDE
June 12 , 2009  --
A son of the 88 - year - old white supremacist who allegedly started a shootout at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum is slamming his father 's " cowardice " and apologizing to the family of the security guard his dad is accused of killing .
" My father 's actions are unforgivable , " Erik von Brunn , 32 , of Florida , wrote in a statement to ABC News .
" I do not expect , nor will I accept forgiveness for what he has done .
I realize there is nothing positive to be taken from this incident . "
Click here to read Erik von Brunn 's full statement to ABC News .
Erik von Brunn 's father , James von Brunn , has been charged with first - degree murder in the death of Stephen Tyrone Johns , the museum guard who opened the door for elderly man to let him into the museum .
In apologizing to Johns ' family , Erik von Brunn said his father 's hatred has tormented his own family for years , as well .
" My father 's beliefs have been a constant source of verbal and mental abuse my family has had to suffer with for many years , " he wrote .
" His views consumed him , and in doing so , not only destroyed his life , but destroyed our family and ruined our lives as well .
" For a long time , I believed this was our family 's cross to bear , " he added .
" Now , it is not only my families lives that are in shambles , but those who were directly affected by his actions ; especially the family of Mr. Johns , who bravely sacrificed his life to stop my father .
" I cannot express enough how deeply sorry I am it was Mr. Johns , and not my father who lost their life [ Wednesday ] , " Erik von Brunn said .
" It was unjustified and unfair that he died , and while my condolences could never begin to offer appeasement , they , along with my remorse is all I have to give . "
Von Brunn , who wrote a book alleging a Jewish plot against civilization , long has been held in some esteem by members of hate groups .
He allegedly left behind hate - filled handwritten notes in his car , according to the criminal complaint against him filed in federal court in Washington Thursday .
" You want my weapons -- this is how you 'll get them , " a note read .
" The Holocaust is a lie .
Obama was created by Jews .
Obama does what his Jew owners tell him to do .
Jews captured America 's money .
Jews control the mass media .
The 1st Amendment is abrogated -- henceforth . "
To read the entire criminal complaint , click here .
But Erik von Brunn , whose parents divorced years ago , had some words for those who lionize his father .
" For the extremists who believe my father is a hero : it is imperative you understand what he did was an act of cowardice , " Erik von Brunn wrote .
" To physically force your beliefs onto others with violence is not brave , but bullying .
Doing so only serves to prove how weak those beliefs are .
It is simply desperation , reminiscent of a temper tantrum when a child cannot get his way .
Violence is a cop out ; an easy answer for an ignorant problem . "
Von Brunn is facing first - degree murder and weapons charges , but investigators and prosecutors are " looking at potential civil rights or hate crimes " charges , Joe Persichini , the assistant director in charge of the FBI 's Washington field office , said at a press conference near the museum Thursday .
According to the complaint , video cameras captured the entire incident , from von Brunn double - parking his 2002 red Hyundai outside the museum through the alleged attack .
" As the defendant approached the entrance to the museum , Special Police Officer ( ' SPO ' ) Steven [ sic ]
Tyrone Jones , who was employed as a security guard for the museum , opened the door for the defendant , " the complaint says .
" The defendant raised his rifle , aimed it at SPO Johns and fired one time , striking SPO Johns in the left , upper chest area . "
Two additional guards returned fire as von Brunn continued through the door and " raised his firearm as if to fire again , " the document continued .
" The defendant was shot in the face and fell backwards outside the door . "
Ambulances rushed von Brunn and Johns to George Washington University Hospital after the incident .
Johns died at the hospital of injuries sustained in the attack , and von Brunn remains in critical condition .
Von Brunn allegedly used a . 22 - caliber rifle , and the complaint notes that three . 22 - caliber cartridge casings were recovered at the scene , indicating that the suspect fired three shots .
Already a convicted felon for a 1981 crime , von Brunn was prohibited from possessing a gun .
" Obviously , that will be something that will be followed up , " D.C. Metro Police Chief Cathy Lanier said at a press conference Thursday .
James von Brunn Described as Angry , Frustrated with the Government
People who know von Brunn described him as a volatile , angry man whose raging prejudices ramped up in recent years because of his frustration with the government and the election of the nation 's first black president .
" We thought he was like a pressure cooker , just ready to go off , " said one resident of Easton , Md. , where von Brunn recently lived .
" We always had the sense though that there was an anger under him , " said another acquaintance .
" Yes , I would say that he was crazy , " a man added .
John de Nugent , a self - described white separatist who never met von Brunn in person but was in contact with him , said Wednesday 's shooting did n't come as a surprise to him .
He had given away his computer , and turned control of his Web site , www.holywesternempire.org, over to someone else , de Nugent said .
The site is no longer accessible on the Internet .
" When you hear about people giving away precious things , it makes you think that something bad is going to happen , " de Nugent said on " Good Morning America . "
" I think at least a year ago , his Social Security was slashed .
And he felt that this was a direct result of somebody in the federal government reading his Web site , and punishing him for his politically incorrect opinions , " de Nugent said .
" I think the election of Barack Obama became a tremendous signal of alarm for him . "
" The FBI did not have an open investigation on Mr. von Brunn , " said Persichini .
" But we were aware of him , and he is known as an anti-Semite and a white supremacist that established Web sites that espoused hatred " against Jews , African - Americans and others .
Persichini said individuals who hold such beliefs are often acutely aware of their rights , and the type of activity or speech that would trigger an investigation .
" Law enforcement 's challenge every day , " he said , " is to balance the civil liberties of the United States citizen against the need to investigate activities that might lead to criminal conduct . "
" No matter how offensive to some , we are keenly aware that expressing views is not a crime , and the protections afforded under the constitution cannot be compromised , " he continued , stressing that investigators rely on tips in cases like von Brunn's .
" There has been a significant growth in white supremacist hate groups , on the order of something like 50 percent since the year 2000 , " director of the Southern Poverty Law Center 's Intelligence Project Mark Potok said on " Good Morning America " Thursday .
" So , yeah , there is a heating up going on out there , and the Obama factor has been important . "
The Escalation of Von Brunn 's Rhetoric
Both de Nugent and the Southern Poverty Law Center , which tracks hate groups and their activity across the country , noticed an escalation in von Brunn 's rhetoric .
" He was advocating direct action , that the time for talk was over , " de Nugent said .
" And I think he was pushed over the edge by current events and his own personality . "
" His rhetoric really has been heating up .
We 've seen some evidence of that ourselves , " Potok said , referring to a 2007 posting on a white supremacist site attributed to von Brunn that seemed to call for action .
The center said Wednesday that von Brunn had long been associated with neo -Nazis and Holocaust deniers .
The group had also flagged his Web site because of its content .
The " politically incorrect opinions " on the site include excerpts of von Brunn 's book , " Tob Shebbe Goyim Harog , " or " Kill the Best Gentiles . "
The book is described on the site as " the culmination of his life 's work " and " a new , hard - hitting expose of the ' Jew Conspiracy ' to destroy the White gene - pool . "
The site also touted von Brunn 's military and intellectual accomplishments .
The U.S. Navy confirmed Thursday that von Brunn served from 1943 to 1946 .
A Navy official said he earned several awards and decorations , including recognition for his WWII service .
On his Web site , von Brunn also claimed membership in high - I.Q. society Mensa .
The organization confirmed that he was a member 20 years ago , but for less than a year .
The biography also highlights a 1981 incident , described as his attempt " to place the treasonous Federal Reserve Board of Governors under legal , nonviolent , citizens arrest . "
Archive media reports from the time of the incident and von Brunn 's trial say he armed himself with a revolver , sawed - off shotgun and a hunting knife before he entered the Federal Reserve Board 's headquarters .
The incident was reportedly an attempt to focus media attention on the nation 's economic woes and high interest rates set by the Fed .
Potok said it 's " remarkable that there is a subculture in this country , of literally thousands and thousands of people who believe things like the Federal Reserve Board is really an entity secretly controlled for the benefit of Jewish bankers , etc. , etc. , etc . "
A jury convicted von Brunn on a litany of charges , from attempted kidnapping to assault and possession of a prohibited weapon .
On the site , he claims he was " tried in a Washington , D.C. , Superior Court ; convicted by a Negro jury , Jew / Negro attorneys , and sentenced to prison for 11 years by a Jew judge . "
According to Bureau of Prisons records , von Brunn left prison in September 1989 .
The criminal complaint said Missouri native von Brunn has for the past two years rented a room in the Annapolis , Md. apartment a son shares with his fiance .
Stephen Johns Remembered as a ' Hero '
Johns had worked at the museum for six years , and has been , along with the other security staff , praised as a hero by museum , law enforcement and political officials .
At Thursday 's news conference , museum chief of staff Bill Parsons thanked Johns and all of the other guards for protecting the public .
" We owe a great debt to them , " he said .
" Stephen opened that door for the elderly man coming in .
He was caring about him , " Parsons said , " And he was shot . "
" He was a loving father … and he was also my hero , " Johns ' 14 - year - old son , Stephen Jr. , said late Wednesday .
The museum remains closed Thursday , and is flying its flags at half - mast in memory of Johns .
ABC News ' Ariane de Vogue , Luis Martinez , Tom Giusto and Polson Kanneth contributed to this report .
By Dominic Casciani
BBC News
We may have only seen the first round of the struggle , says Prof Clarke .
The UK may face a new generation of terrorists more dangerous than the semi-trained " amateurs " now in jail , a security think tank 's chief has warned .
Michael Clarke , of the Royal United Services Institute , said recent years may come to seem like a " golden age " of successes against violent extremism .
Home - grown jihadists would not wither away , he warned in a think tank paper .
He argued that convicts in UK jails could turn them into " universities of terror " , like in other countries .
Around 200 people have been jailed for terrorism - related offences in the UK since the 9/11 attacks on the US in 2001 .
Forensics trail Professor Clarke said the police and MI5 could be rightly proud of how they had so far confronted the threat inspired by al - Qaeda .
He said many of the UK jihadists now in jail had shown themselves to be " resolutely amateur " .
" Intercept evidence shows that jihadists in the UK talk like terrorists operating in professional cell structures but do not normally act that way , " said Prof Clarke .
" Most of the plotters have left a trail of forensics behind that has led some police professionals to predict that this will seem like a golden age of counter - terrorism - when we were both successful and lucky .
" The tradecraft of UK jihadi terrorists is extremely variable .
For the movement as a whole this is not a problem .
" Amateurs are as dangerous as professionals if they are lucky , and if there are enough amateurs plotting , some of them will be lucky .
Those who are not keep the security services stretched and public anxieties high . "
First round Prof Clarke said Nato 's operations in Afghanistan had limited al - Qaeda 's ability to direct bomb plots in the UK - but he warned recent years had been only " the first round of the struggle " .
The dangers could now increasingly come from home - grown extremists , particularly alienated young Muslims susceptible to grooming .
" An evolution in the recruitment and techniques of terrorist cells in the UK is entirely possible .
The convictions , of which the security services can be proud , will have their own longer - term consequences for which the government must be prepared .
" The phenomenon will not wither away in the near future : it is likely to be generational . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A Greeley family who allegedly pounced on the former girlfriend of their eldest son during a fist - swinging , hair - pulling tussle was rounded up early Monday after a 10 - hour standoff and marijuana investigation at the family home , according to Greeley police .
The alleged victim , Christina Vanderclip , had driven by the home of the man variously described as her common - law husband or former boyfriend , Travis Schneller .
She stopped to talk to Schneller when she saw him at the house , according to Sgt. Joe Tymkowych , spokesman for the Greeley Police Department .
According to police reports , the 24 - year - old Schneller struck Vanderclip and pulled her hair .
He was soon joined by his mother , Kimberly Schneller , 47 , who allegedly jumped on Vanderclip ’s back and also joined in the hair - pulling , said Tymkowych .
At that point , Travis ’ younger brother , Michael Schneller , 18 , and father , Robert Schneller , 47 , joined the melee .
Michael allegedly struck Vanderclip and Robert allegedly choked her .
Robert also allegedly tried to use a type of stunning device — which emits a blue arc — on Vanderclip but was unsuccessful , according to police .
A Vanderclip friend , who had been watching from the car , helped rescue Vanderclip , and they drove away and called police .
It was then , said Tymkowych , that the standoff at the house in the 2400 block of Sixth Street , began .
The Schnellers “ would not open the door , ” said Tymkowych .
“ We knew they were in there . ”
At that point , Greeley police had to find a Weld County District judge to sign an arrest warrant .
Using the warrant , police entered the home at 4 a.m. Monday — six hours after the incident began — and arrested the Schneller family .
While in the home , officers spotted a marijuana plant and related paraphernalia , said Tymkowych .
They had to get a second warrant so they could seize the plant and paraphernalia .
Authorities completed their investigation at the home about 8 a.m. Monday , said Tymkowych .
Tymkowych said that Travis , Kimberly , Robert and Michael Schneller were all arrested for investigation of third - degree assault .
Travis also was arrested for investigation of domestic violence .
“ They had had an ongoing intimate relationship , ” said the police spokesman explaining the domestic - violence allegation .
“ She had lived at the residence with him . ”
Robert , the father , also was arrested for investigation of the attempted use of a stun device .
Howard Pankratz : 303-954-1939 or hpankratz@denverpost.com
It has become clear to me that the society of this world is slowly unravelling .
We are surrounded on all sides by methods of control and manipulation that we can never escape .
Since birth we are molded into a form that will please those around us , and by proxy ourselves .
Rejection of common values lead the individual down a lonely path with an ending as grim as any other .
Divided and conquered , we cannot seem to grasp life for ourselves without taking from the grip of another .
In order to make money we must give in to the desires of others ; we must sell our art , rather than live it .
In order to make friends we must give in to the needs of others ; we must give of ourselves , freely , and usually without any tangible benefit beyond the mutual feelings of goodwill we experience .
In order to cause real change we must give in to the darkest urges within us ; the urge to control and shape the world around us beyond the petty goals of the shortsighted .
Any who thought their cause humanitarian should know that there is always blood spilt for your new form of control .
I am one of the egotistical elitist intellectuals who considers themself a person of unique talent .
This is an illusion I keep primarily because I wish it were true ; but also because by pretending to be above you I can raise myself above you , not only in my eye but yours as well .
It is a simple thing , exerting your will on those who have been broken by daily life .
Empty minds are easy to fill with whatever I can whisper often enough into their ears .
Brainwashing is the simplest thing in the world : you repeat the message .
If I wrote something haphazardly , but I came back to the same point every paragraph then I would have eroded your mind in a small way ; but perhaps have more effect than you ’d like to imagine .
It really is as simple as repeating a message ; the trick is discovering inventive ways to say the same exact thing .
Given enough focus , it is frightening to think of the way we can alter our own mindsets through repetitious mental litany .
All it takes is a little practice in redundancy .
I do n’t want to brainwash you into reason .
There are enough advertisements for things we do n’t need as is .
And my goals do n’t involve reason ; they require a mixture of impossible idealism and harsh realism .
You must be willing to accept that anything is possible ; either a vast world - wide network of secret societies , a repeating pattern due to the nature of greed , or the universal constraint of power .
You must also be willing to accept that enemies that cannot be stopped , can be brought to heel .
As I said this is n’t about reason ; because I feel my intellect ’s desire for knowledge is empty since it is not possible to both understand and live life ; I ’ve decided to move on to something solid ; an attempt to improve the world around me , in any way at any cost , no matter how insurmountable the challenges .
The only thing I ’m sure of is that we are more controlled than our forefathers .
Being a slave is painful when no one believes you can compare to the suffering of one of the many subjugated races in our collective history .
We are slaves however ; indentured servants to our various forms of debt ( student loans , credit cards , mortgages , etc ) .
I believe we must clean the slate entirely ; create an entirely new economic system , cautiously .
The tale of humanity is the story of man trying to free himself from those who would try to control him .
The sick cosmic joke , the meme of God , is that in freeing yourself from control you instantly buy into another form .
Freedom is in many ways an illusion .
That does n’t stop us yearning for it .
We all yearn to be free ; free from worry , free from pain , free from control ; but there is no way to be free completely , and there is no freedom from shadows when you want the light .
That is the problem ; not the capitalist or the communist system , not the left versus the right , but rather our struggle with all the controlling and guiding factors in our lives .
The only thing we own is our bodies and our minds ( everything else belongs to our true Mother ) .
We did not ask to be born , so we should not owe anything to our birth mother and father ; yet if they , or the people around them , provided an environment for us in which our souls grew bright and our minds grew keen , then we owe everyone a debt that can never be repaid .
A debt we will one day chip away at through our own creations .
So what is wrong with capitalism ?
To advance in this system one must take from another ; your money becomes my money .
Occasionally the service provided is worth it rather than overpriced for the comfort of marketing execs ; more often we only believe in its worth because of , to put it bluntly , a constant barrage of bullshit on every sense ( remember brainwashing ?
Why do you think advertising works ? ) .
Well , what is wrong with communism ( a noble idea to be sure ) ?
When there is n’t significant reward for action , that action is either not taken , or taken poorly .
But why should anyone be denied water , food , shelter , and warmth ?
These things are plentiful enough on this fruitful planet ( any who would say we cannot provide for all conscious beings on Earth is either a liar or a fool ) ; the question has always been how to develop and distribute it all without becoming tyrannized by the system that would have to secure itself against those who would take and never give .
I ’m not here to plan all the details of this ; I ’m here to remind you that the system is never perfect and can always be improved upon .
So this brings us to the state of our sociopolitical system : a cantankerous blight upon the creation of many beautiful minds .
What can we do to fight those in control when all of our limbs , our methods of affecting our will upon the world , are tied to the strings they pull ?
I think we both , in the darkest corners of our hearts , know the answer .
We have to cut the strings .
Then we burn the stage , and the puppets in this insane theater .
Destruction is creation ; there can be no question about that .
The question is , will it be more beautiful ?
Will it be better ?
I do n’t know that .
But I ’m sick and tired of the answers they are giving us ; the rational lies they slip into our water so that we can all breath easy .
The truth is a very frightening one ; that we , and here I speak to all members of what we consider first - world countries , have taken more than our fair share .
We sit and bask in faded opulence and pretend decadence , while we drop bombs on the poor souls unfortunate enough to have been born somewhere else .
This is sickness .
This is cancer .
YOU ARE LAZY APATHETIC MONSTERS ; MALIGNANT TUMORS PENETRATING INTO THE EARTH’S MOST YIELDING RESOURCES .
But hey , it ’s not YOUR problem right ?
It ’s the liars ’ and crooks ’ , the politicians ’ , the mercenaries ’ , the drug dealers ’ ;
It ’s the schools ’ , the games ’ , the movies ’ , and the leaders ’ problem .
Somebody else will deal with our suffering … that is the appeal of the messiah fable .
SomeONE shall come and save us .
SomeONE else .
You are wrong , completely and totally .
Change can only come from within .
But what change ?
All of us with idealistic aspirations ( who are serious about it ) ask ourselves the very same question , hopefully with every fully conscious moment .
I do n’t know the answer still , but I have a few definite ideas to try .
Simple things like nationalizing food in a manner that does not involve burning crops and slaughtering pigs in order to increase price .
Some more complicated things like completely rewriting squatter laws to prevent someone owning land without living or working it , and preventing exploitation and control through monopoly of land .
Schools and national parks should be the center of every community ; rather than the bloated , polluting cityscape that we find so attractive .
Many other things can be done to change the focus of community from protection from outside influences , to harboring and cultivating its own unique culture .
I ’m not here to push those ideas on you .
Every region should instead form its own idea of what should be , and do its best to actualize it .
So what ’s preventing that now ?
Control .
They are controlling us .
No I do n’t know who “ they ” are .
I know “ they ” exist though .
When the gap between the rich and the poor is increasing , there are some driving that increase .
The same is true when it decreases .
It takes active and selfless movement of the individual to cause change for everyone in a beneficial manner .
We can hand out money to bums all we like ; that wo n’t prevent the bums from existing .
We must treat the disease , rather than the symptoms .
The disease is this system we all enforce by compliance .
The disease is apathy because we are comfortable with our paper bags , cement walls , and electronic boxes .
The disease is us and all around us .
So what is the cure ?
Well , it has become clear to me that the world is slowly unraveling , but many seem not to notice .
The reason is that the selfish few ( as opposed to the selfish many who do n’t have the resources of the selfish few ) have been moving so slow that no one has noticed the definite effects on their personal level .
We cannot impart wisdom on the witless , or open the eyes of those who pretend to see ; we can only lead them towards the truth .
So what do we do ?
The answer : Destroy .
Not nihilistically , you must still use your better judgement ; but remember the servants to the system suffer regardless , and their inaction hurts us all .
If a positive change comes from your seemingly immoral action , so be it .
We must stare back at the abyss , and leap in ; abuse the system they play in a way that will be noticed .
We must make sure to commit actions so treasonous and on such a scale that those with their eyes on their feet will see the rubble they are stepping on , and look up to the beast that created it .
And that is the basic philosophy :
Do evil , hopefully in secret , and hopefully within the protection of the supposedly “ powerful ” , so that some light can come from this darkness .
Remember we are all actors upon a stage ; but the roles are not set , and we need not read the lines we are given .
Think carefully where our story can go that will lead to a better tomorrow , some kind of happy ending , and move the story in that direction .
We can be hero , villain , or in - between .
The hero must give all for the righteous cause , the in - between provide the basis of reality , and the villain is what truly drives the story .
All can have a lead role ; the question is : are you a leader or a follower ?
Are you one of the archetypes ?
Or are you all of them combined ; neither villain nor hero , but bringing change nonetheless ?
Realizing that morality and ethics are all relative , and that good comes from evil , then we are free to commit all sorts of actions that can only hasten the completion of the cycle ; and eventually lead to a positive trend , however temporary .
Simply put : we are spoiled .
A little mayhem will wake us up , and this allows us to get some very primal satisfaction in retribution for certain disgusting acts carried out by the supposed authority figures ( the pigs with their tasers , the crooks with their lobbyists , the liars and their schemes ) .
I ’ll be damned if it wo n’t be fun to wipe the twisted smile off their smug faces .
Goddamn what I would give to be the one to stomp on Bu -… hmm better not say that ; FBI ’s REX64 or whatever program may pick up on it .
Revenge will be sweet , even if the aftertaste is bitter .
Hopefully some change will come of it .
If you believe the government has gone too far ; that some power has been usurped from local communities by an overreaching federal system enforcing unpopular laws of prohibition ; that the executive branch should not have the ability to declare nothing less than a global war ; that congress is not exactly representative of the values we hold dear ; than there is really only one path to liberation .
It wo n’t be the easiest path , and it is n’t likely to be a peaceful path , but it is the path I have already chosen .
Some day in the near future , I hope to fall to the ground , bleeding love ; to look at the unending sky above me , broken earth beneath me , death around me , and be able to whisper , “ it was for the better ” .
I ’m sorry it has to be so bleak , but what other way can it be ?
- Natas Enasni
Practical Section :
Use the secret service organizations manuals against them .
The sabotage manual distributed by a certain organization in certain South American countries provides good examples of simple subversive actions that can be taken .
Read the manifestos of the great guerrillas , and incorporate all the best information that can be practically applied .
The best advice I can offer is simply thus : never , ever give in .
We will win by will , and nothing else .
Our will , the will of the free , against the will of the controllers .
And never lose the support of good men and women ; there will be many afraid and neutral , attempt to not offend them , but remember we are fighting for the good , rather than the weak or apathetic .
Dan Denton is stuck in a vicious cycle :
He ’s behind on his bills after losing his job .
But lousy credit is spoiling his chances of finding new employment .
Recruiters from a St. Louis - based investment company recently rescinded an offer after looking at his credit history , which has been mauled by overdue card payments and an impending foreclosure on his Inland Empire house .
He and his wife , Dana , filed for bankruptcy protection this month to try to hang on to their home .
“ Of course your credit ’s going to look bad when you ’ve been unemployed for months , ” said Denton , 60 , a former fundraiser for the Crystal Cathedral in Garden Grove .
“ But what relevance does that have on your performance ? ”
The credit report is becoming the latest hurdle for unemployed workers in a dismal U.S. job market .
Up to half of employers use credit screening to weed out potentially troublesome hires , though estimates vary , and the practice is on the rise .
Advertisement
Money woes could signal disorder in an individual ’s personal life that could translate into slipshod work habits , some staffing experts said .
Companies lose billions annually to employee theft .
A sterling credit history , they said , points to a worker who is more likely to be disciplined , trustworthy and reliable .
Mary M. Massad , managing director of screening services for personnel management company Administaff Inc. , said credit checks help companies hire “ the highest - quality individuals . ”
“ It ’s . . . about being proactive in order to avoid trouble down the line , ” she said .
“ Companies . . . want an insight into how an individual conducts their own life , because that ’s typically how they ’re going to conduct business inside your business . ”
Screening employment prospects this way is legal in California and most of the country as long as it is disclosed to applicants , who must give permission for a credit check to be run .
Advertisement
But some experts said that there ’s no clear link between credit history and job performance and that the reports do n’t paint a complete picture , omitting details about divorces , medical bills or even identity theft .
Nancy Novak said that when prospective employers check her credit history , they see a mountain of debts and late payments , including $ 30,000 in credit card bills .
What ’s not evident , she said , is that she accumulated most of it in a failed effort to keep her small business afloat .
A former furniture broker in Southern California , she has been unemployed for two years , sending out hundreds of resumes to no avail .
She said about a third of those employers have asked her permission to run a credit check .
It ’s information she ’d rather not volunteer .
Still , she always says yes , figuring companies will reject her outright if she does n’t cooperate .
Novak , who recently moved into her parents ’
Laguna Woods home , said she was n’t sure if her credit problems alone have cost her employment .
But she resents the notion that a checkered report flags her as a potential thief .
Advertisement
“ Give me a break -- I do n’t have a criminal record , ” said Novak , 57 .
“ My expense reports are going to be squeaky clean .
I ’m not going to do anything to turn over the apple cart . ”
Many employers are n’t willing to take that chance .
Companies and organizations lose a median of 5 % of their annual revenue -- billions annually -- to employee fraud , according to the Assn. of Certified Fraud Examiners .
Asset misappropriations , including skimming from the till , pilfering equipment and the like , account for 90 % of all cases .
Advertisement
The median loss -- half of businesses lose more , half lose less -- is $ 150,000 annually .
The Society for Human Resource Management estimates that 40 % to 50 % of employers , including the U.S. government , now run credit checks on potential hires .
Applicants for security officer positions at the Transportation Security Administration are ineligible for employment if a credit check turns up more than $ 7,500 in past - due debt , delinquent taxes or late child support payments .
Existing security officers must also pass random credit checks to keep their jobs .
Advertisement
“ People are more concerned about who they ’re hiring today , ” said Norm Magnuson , a spokesman for the Consumer Data Industry Assn .
“ There ’s a more aggressive bar .
If someone ’s going to be a teller in a bank or a clerk in a jewelry store , if they ’re overextended in their personal financial matters it might be a precursor to a moral hazard . ”
Most companies pull reports produced for them by one of the major credit bureaus .
Federal law permits employers to see if job prospects are paying their mortgages , credit cards and other bills on time .
But they ’re not allowed to see applicants ’ overall credit scores , and they must notify candidates if they were rejected because of their credit .
But some firms bury the initial credit - search request -- usually just a signature line -- inside a hefty application , so that job seekers frequently are n’t aware they ’re granting permission , said Adam T. Klein , an employment attorney with Outten & Golden in New York .
He said companies often do n’t inform prospects if their lousy credit was what got them rejected .
Advertisement
“ And so you have sort of a hidden problem , ” Klein said , “ a very clear pattern of using credit score and credit history for employment suitability [ and ] almost no information available to the applicant who was denied employment based on that . ”
He and others question the usefulness of such reports .
There ’s no clear correlation between credit history and job performance , according to a 2003 study by Eastern Kentucky University .
And the dossiers are prone to errors .
More than one - third of companies surveyed by the Society for Human Resource Management in 2004 said that they found inaccuracies in the credit histories they pulled on job prospects .
“ As an employer , you may be shooting yourself in the foot , ” said Deb Cohen , chief knowledge officer at the industry group .
Advertisement
Connecticut , Hawaii and New York have bills in play in their state legislatures that would restrict pre-employment credit checks .
Employer groups in those states are n’t happy .
“ It ’s a step in the wrong direction at one of the worst economic times for employers , ” said Kia Murrell , labor and employment counsel for the Connecticut Business & Industry Assn .
“ True , your ability to type has nothing to do with your ability to pay a MasterCard bill , but credit references should be available as one of many factors used to evaluate you . ”
But to desperate applicants , a blemished credit check can mean the difference between continued struggle and a job offer .
A year ago , Denton had a solid credit score above 700 , according to old Experian reports .
But now , for the first time in their lives , he and his spouse are out of work .
Advertisement
Their Menifee , Calif. , home plunged $ 250,000 in value .
The couple are preparing to move into a trailer and are living on less than $ 1,000 a month in unemployment benefits .
“ You think there ’s no chance of being out of work more than a month , ” Denton said .
“ But as it drags on , we ’re just completely in the bunker . ”
The couple ’s savings lasted three months .
Although Denton said he tried to work out payment plans , at least three of the couple ’s credit cards are now in collection .
Interest rates on others have soared .
Meanwhile , he has agreed to at least a dozen credit checks , knowing that recruiters wo n’t find much that ’s flattering .
Advertisement
“ My wife ’s credit destroys mine and mine destroys hers , ” he said .
--
tiffany.hsu@latimes.com
This site may earn affiliate commissions from the links on this page .
Terms of use
If you recall , last week we performed the leap from Windows XP to Windows 7 .
In a nutshell : An in - place upgrade did n’t fare well .
Of course , in - place upgrades are n’t supported from Windows XP to Windows 7 .
Given the heavily - used XP installation caused serious bloat to the Windows 7 installation , we can see why .
When we performed a clean installation and , with a bit of trepidation , used Windows Easy Transfer to move our files and settings from old machine to new , it worked better than we expected , but our final recommendation was simply to save your data , reformat , and start with a fresh , clean installation of Windows 7 .
This week , we take ET editor Joel ’s Vista production machine — a well broken - in Core i7 based computer — and explore the various ways to make it into a Windows 7 PC .
Before we begun , we mirrored the entire hard drive to a second drive , which Joel kept in a fireproof safe for some reason .
Continued …
It takes quite a lot to knock MPs ' expenses off the front pages these days , so I was amazed , as I grabbed a random tabloid while rushing for a plane on Saturday morning , to discover that the big news of the day was a story of impending motherhood .
A British woman was pregnant , we learnt from the six - inch high headlines , and a pretty scandalous pregnancy the paper thought it was .
It was n't that she was a single mum .
It was n't that she was divorced .
It was n't that she was choosing to give birth by ( boo , hiss ) caesarean section .
No , the reason we were learning about this blissful mother - to - be was that this mother - to - be was old .
In fact , she is eight months gone at 66 , and is therefore likely to be the oldest mother in the proud history of British maternity .
She is the mother of all mothers !
Instead of sharing this woman 's joy , the reporting dripped with disapproval .
" Desperate for a child , " said the headline .
" I do n't need to defend myself , says divorcée . "
There was another account of an older mother , in a sidebar headed , " I know people think I 'm selfish . "
I read every word of the accounts , preparing to be decently outraged by the lady 's life choices .
After about five minutes I came up for air , feeling rather sympathetic towards her , and that there was something mean about the coverage .
Posted on by johnfx
There is no shortage of discussion or flame wars weighing the relative merits of the various Microsoft .NET programming languages , nor is there an outcry for another opinion on the subject .
This article will instead discuss the process of making a sound business decision on a controversial issue without inciting mutiny among the developers .
More importantly , I ’ll revisit some of the key considerations in that decision through the razor sharp focus of hindsight .
It is my hope that my experiences from the trenches will provide guidance to software development managers who have not yet made the jump to .NET , are bootstrapping a new shop , or are considering a switch from another platform .
It ’s been just over six years since I managed the transition of my development team to Microsoft ’s .NET platform and made the call , for better or worse , to standardize on VB.
NET .
As a developer myself , I was keenly aware of the how the programming language of a software development shop defines its culture and similarly shapes the professional identity of many programmers .
The polemic among developers created a real risk of breaking down the team dynamic through second - guessing and deflated morale regardless of my choice .
As is the case with implementing any politically sensitive change , the prudent course of action was to aggressively seek buy - in by actively soliciting input of each team member , remaining visibly objective , and maximizing the transparency of the issues that factored into the final decision .
Despite the lack of unanimity requiring over 30 % of the team to acquiesce on this hot - button standardization issue , the team dynamic remained strong after my final decision .
The Players
Although the list of languages that are currently supported on the .NET framework is more diverse than most would probably imagine , the options were far more limited back in 2003 .
C#.NET : A hybrid of C and Java that attempted to lure defectors from the Java camp to the .NET platform .
It also provides an easy transition for C++ refugees who are sick of the annoyances of manual memory management and having 9 incompatible ways to implement a simple string .
J#.NET : Most of the quirks of Java and none of the cross- platform support and about as useful as non-alcoholic beer .
Enables developers to pretend they still hate Microsoft , but participate in their market share .
Also allows Microsoft to pretend that C# was n’t a blatant attempt to crush the upstart Java language that threatened to weaken their dominance of the OS market .
The technology pundits have moved on to other issues enough for Microsoft to silently drop support for J# from Visual Studio .
VB.NET : The next generation of the popular Visual Basic language , all grown up and fully OOP capable .
It is unfortunate that Microsoft did n’t take this opportunity to rename the language to remove the stigma associated with programmers using this language that only resembles its forebears in its verbosity .
I assume they kept the name to provide an unambiguous upgrade path for the unwashed masses of VB6 programmers many of which ironically and belligerently dug in their heels and refused to upgrade .
C++.NET : For a while I assumed that I must have been missing something with respect to C++.NET .
The juxtaposition of the venerable I ’ll - roll - my - own - thank - you - very - much C++ and the don’t - worry - your - pretty - little - head - about - cleaning - up - that - memory .NET framework felt even more awkward than “ Java. NET . ”
I took a course to absolve me of my silly notions , but only managed to reinforce them .
C++.NET is neither fish nor fowl .
It is like a halfway house for recovering masochist programmers who really want to like automated garbage collection , but want to take it one day at a time .
Just one more hit of STL , I promise I ’ll quit tomorrow !
In one of the rare parallels with the VB camp , many of the Microsoft Visual C++ developers found little motivation to abandon Visual Studio 6 .
The Contenders
Let ’s face it .
Aside from C# , VB.NET , and their ugly cousin C++.NET , none of the remaining .NET languages were used for much more than Microsoft demos to prove that they wanted to support open standards .
This was even truer back in 2003 when I was weighing the options .
The team divided itself naturally into a C# and VB.
NET camp and no one even hinted at seriously considering a third option .
The Process
It is extremely important when soliciting input from employees to be very clear about how the final decision is going to be made , especially when it is not the purely democratic process that they might otherwise assume .
Recognizing this , I was careful to communicate that while everyone ’s input was valued and would be carefully considered , I ’d be making the final decision based on both the advice of the team and the interests of the business .
I promised complete transparency on my decision and a chance to appeal it on factual , but not subjective grounds .
As it happened , no such appeals were proffered .
The C# proponents were slightly disappointed , but were also thankfully supportive the decision to go with VB.NET .
My solicitation for input included the following :
Provide as many supporting arguments for your preference as apply to our environment .
Arguments based on business objectives ( reduced cost , greater efficiency ) will be weighed more heavily .
Performance comparisons between the languages had been researched and dismissed already , do n’t bother including them .
It is perfectly valid to support your preference in terms of your personal goals ( money , prestige , taste , etc. ) .
Regardless of whether you can support your preference , please indicate it in your response .
Morale impact is a key consideration .
Facts , Factors and Opinion
After compiling my own research , business case analysis , and the collective wisdom and opinion of my team , the following key themes emerged .
Functionality ( TIE ) : Functional differences between the capabilities of these languages were primarily cosmetic / syntactic / irrelevant ( Appleman / Atwood ) , MSDN .
There were a few IDE features that one language or the other had the edge on , but MS was already promising IDE parity in future releases .
Functional differences between the capabilities of these languages were primarily cosmetic / syntactic / irrelevant ( Appleman / Atwood ) , MSDN .
There were a few IDE features that one language or the other had the edge on , but MS was already promising IDE parity in future releases .
Learning Curve ( VB.NET ) :
Because our previous standard was VBScript for ASP pages , and VB6 for the middle tier object layers , VB.NET seemed like the quickest path to productivity .
I was particularly concerned about the impact of forcing the developers to make the jump to a completely different language at the same time they would be also required to get up to speed on the .NET framework and ASP .
NET .
: Because our previous standard was VBScript for ASP pages , and VB6 for the middle tier object layers , VB.NET seemed like the quickest path to productivity .
I was particularly concerned about the impact of forcing the developers to make the jump to a completely different language at the same time they would be also required to get up to speed on the .NET framework and ASP .
NET .
Existing Code ( VB.NET ) :
We were maintaining a significant amount of existing VB6 and VBScript code that would need to be ported to .net .
Visual Studio provided tools to automate most of the conversion from to VB.NET , but considerable extra time would have been required to go to C# .
We were maintaining a significant amount of existing VB6 and VBScript code that would need to be ported to .net .
Visual Studio provided tools to automate most of the conversion from to VB.NET , but considerable extra time would have been required to go to C#. Product Road maps for .NET languages ( VB.NET ) :
An MSDN magazine article comparing the road maps for the two languages indicated that VB.
NET was going to continue to be optimized for rapid application development while C# would follow the tradition of C++ and trend towards power - user features .
The direction of VB.NET was more relevant to our development efforts which were mostly on CRUD type applications .
An MSDN magazine article comparing the road maps for the two languages indicated that VB.
NET was going to continue to be optimized for rapid application development while C# would follow the tradition of C++ and trend towards power - user features .
The direction of VB.NET was more relevant to our development efforts which were mostly on CRUD type applications .
Developer Preferences ( VB.NET ) : Despite the tendency of most to gravitate towards the familiar in platform wars , C# had a good showing .
The balance was tipped by a few developers who had already started down the VB.NET track of their MCSD certifications .
I hate to reinforce the stereotype , but it was interesting to note that the more senior developers were mostly in the C# camp .
Despite the tendency of most to gravitate towards the familiar in platform wars , C# had a good showing .
The balance was tipped by a few developers who had already started down the VB.NET track of their MCSD certifications .
I hate to reinforce the stereotype , but it was interesting to note that the more senior developers were mostly in the C# camp .
Developer “ Street Creds ” ( C# ) : Almost all of the developers subscribed at least weakly to the popular notion that C# experience would command a higher premium than VB.NET by riding the coattails of C++ as a more respected language .
Whether justified or not , it appears that this rumor has become fact .
: Almost all of the developers subscribed at least weakly to the popular notion that C# experience would command a higher premium than VB.NET by riding the coattails of C++ as a more respected language .
Whether justified or not , it appears that this rumor has become fact .
Product “ Street Creds ” ( C# ) :
There was also some concern that the “ taint of VB ” would hurt the perceived professionalism of our software among our customers .
I have not yet seen evidence of this , however , we do n’t advertise the language we use , and our customers do n’t generally ask or care .
There was also some concern that the “ taint of VB ” would hurt the perceived professionalism of our software among our customers .
I have not yet seen evidence of this , however , we do n’t advertise the language we use , and our customers do n’t generally ask or care .
Recruiting ( TIE C# ) :
There was a lot of discussion that MS was strongly favoring C# as the language of choice for .NET and that most developers were following suit .
I was somewhat concerned about the possibility of VB.NET becoming marginalized and creating recruiting hurdles .
That is , if VB.NET became uncool , it might be difficult to get people to respond to our job postings even if we did n’t discriminate against people with only experience in other .NET languages .
On the other hand , I reasoned that we might be able to avoid paying a “ C# premium ” that did n’t guarantee any associated additional value add over a competent VB.NET programmer .
I think that predictions of VB.
NET ’s demise were very premature as it continues to have a solid following .
However , in retrospect , I think I underestimated the impact of the decision on recruiting .
I suspect that some of our recruiting difficulty ( even with very competitive salaries ) can be attributed to the fact that VB.NET developers readily apply to C# jobs , but the reverse is not as common .
There was a lot of discussion that MS was strongly favoring C# as the language of choice for .NET and that most developers were following suit .
I was somewhat concerned about the possibility of VB.NET becoming marginalized and creating recruiting hurdles .
That is , if VB.NET became uncool , it might be difficult to get people to respond to our job postings even if we did n’t discriminate against people with only experience in other .NET languages .
On the other hand , I reasoned that we might be able to avoid paying a “ C# premium ” that did n’t guarantee any associated additional value add over a competent VB.NET programmer .
I think that predictions of VB.NET ’s demise were very premature as it continues to have a solid following .
However , in retrospect , I think I underestimated the impact of the decision on recruiting .
I suspect that some of our recruiting difficulty ( even with very competitive salaries ) can be attributed to the fact that VB.NET developers readily apply to C# jobs , but the reverse is not as common .
Language Obsolescence ( Non-factor ) : A small contingent was even predicting that Microsoft planned to phase out VB.NET in favor of C# . I just did n’t buy into this notion given my experience with how slowly Microsoft has retired product lines in the past .
It took them 27 years , for example , to retire Fox Pro after acquiring it , and salvaging it for parts to include in their competing database package , MS Access .
So far it appears my skepticism was warranted .
Recommendations
As I have already mentioned , our team went with VB.NET .
I still think it was probably the right decision given the skills of my existing team and our considerable investment in legacy code in VB based languages , despite the minor difficulties it has created for recruiting .
Absent either of these preconditions , however , I definitely would suggest a preference for C# for any manager going through this decision today .
That said , this article is no substitute for your own research .
As is the case with any heated topic , there is an abundance of misinformation , some of which may even be repeated by members of your own team .
One resource that I have come to trust over my years in this industry is Dan Appleman , who has published a highly regarded e-book , Visual Basic .NET or C# , Which to Choose ? ( VS2005 edition ) .
The lesson that can be drawn from my experience , however , is not so much about a preference of one language over the other , but instead the importance of involving the whole team in the change management process .
This decision has major ramifications on their professional careers that extend beyond the walls of your organization and has the potential to create significant anxiety among them .
Manage that anxiety by including them in the process , making it clear that their individual interests are being carefully considered , and the making the decision objectively and transparently as possible .
Links to the Fray
Share this : Twitter
Reddit
More
Email
Facebook
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Managing Software Development | Tagged : .net , c# , management , platform wars , programming , programming languages , software development , technical , vb.net |
Text : “ These guys these street gangs , settle their scores by singing and dancing together ?
Does n’t sound like anybody on the Westside I know . ”
Text : “ You want nice .
Go pick your mommy a flower . ”
Text : “ Gentlemen , Check your skirts at the door . ”
Text : “ Today you ’re using your girlfriend ’s hair gel .
Tomorrow , your wife ’s hairspray .
Where does it end my friend ?
Where does it end ? ”
NEW ( Mar. ’ 10 ) !
Emma H. sent in this commercial , which ran during the 2010 Olympics , in which a man — shock and horror ! — likes ice dancing :
More ads policing men ’s behavior : sissies suck , how to do masculinity ( hugging and sitting ) , “ woman ” as an insult , and boys ca n’t wear make - up at school .
Are we a nation of technophiles or technophobes ?
Computer skills must mean more than word processing , says Bill Thompson .
I 've had my own website for 15 years now , running on a wide variety of different computers .
I started off with some space on the Pipex WorldServer , a large - for the time - system that offered web hosting back in the days when getting online was a dark art and I was lucky enough to work for one of the early commercial internet service providers .
On leaving Pipex I moved over to Cityscape , another Cambridge - based provider from the early days .
When it went out of business I set up a server at home for a while before relocating the hardware to a shelf in the corner of a friend 's office , where he was happy to offer bandwidth and a power supply for a very modest monthly payment .
Three years ago I moved the whole thing again , this time onto a virtual server at Bytemark , one of the many small hosting companies that offer friendly and reliable server space for all sorts of organisations .
A virtual server is a way to get lots of different sites on one physical computer .
From the outside you can't really tell , and when you log on to the virtual server it acts just like a real box , but it 's a lot cheaper to run and you get the benefit of having serious hardware , a secure power supply and an easy way to upgrade .
Far too many people who use computers every day , and have them in their homes , are n't even capable of applying the system updates that Microsoft and Apple automatically send out
Bill Thompson
If you run your own computer , even a virtual one , then you also have to take responsibility for keeping it up to date .
Mostly this involves applying patches , checking system logs and other relatively straightforward tasks , but servers , like cars , sometimes need a proper service .
And so it was that I spent a happy couple of hours on Saturday morning stripping down my website , backing up the blog installation files , database and key configuration files , and then doing a complete rebuild , or ' re - imaging ' as it is called .
It all went remarkably smoothly , and installing the latest version of Debian Linux went without a hitch .
I spent most of the time copying the gigabytes of data from my home server back to the site because uploading is still slow thanks to the asymmetric nature of UK broadband services .
The configuration files for the virtual servers went in smoothly , and I even managed to trick the MySQL database management system that holds all my blog posts to let me simply copy my files by creating an empty database of the same name and then overwriting it with my backups - far faster than importing everything .
BILL'S LINKS
Bytemark on rebuilding your server Rory Cellan - Jones on Digital Britain Donald Clark on the British Library meeting Apart from a ten minute hiatus when I failed to get the web server to restart because I 'd forgotten to create the folders where it writes its log files , there were no problems and I managed to get to the cinema to see the excellent ' In The Loop ' for the noon performance , as planned .
One reason it went well was that Bytemark 's systems made it easy , but it also helped that I 'm trained to do this sort of stuff .
I 've got a master 's degree in computer science and have had 25 years of experience in the industry , including a period as managing editor and systems administrator for The Guardian 's first website back in the mid-90's .
Far too many people who use computers every day , and have them in their homes , are n't even capable of applying the system updates that Microsoft and Apple automatically send out , leaving them with buggy and insecure systems vulnerable to all sorts of attack .
Even though we rely on our computers for so much there is still a sense that understanding how they work is an optional extra , something that really only needs to be reserved for the geeks or those whose work absolutely requires it .
Last Friday the actor and self - confessed ' technophile ' Stephen
Fry was one of the more interesting contributors to a rather self - serving debate about Digital Britain held at the British Library .
He offered an analogy between the early days of the motor car and the current development of a network society , noting that there were no agonised debates or high - level task forces convened to discuss the rollout of the car , so perhaps we should be more relaxed in our attitude to going digital .
We might not have seen our cities damaged beyond repair in the interests of improving traffic flow if we 'd stopped to think , of course .
But even if the network is going to happen with or without government intervention , the end result is that most of us , most of the time , will be using computers to carry out activities that are pretty central to life in the modern world .
And if we do not understand how they work then we will be in trouble .
There are many reasons for knowing a bit about how cars work .
You can tell if there 's something wrong , and avoid driving a dangerous vehicle .
You can decide whether the mechanic suggesting a thousand pounds worth of repairs is ripping you off .
And you can even do some things yourself .
It 's almost 50 years since the writer CP Snow gave his famous lecture about the ' two cultures ' at Cambridge University , where he outlined the dangers that come from the lack of understanding between literary intellectuals and the scientific community .
Today things do n't seem as bad , and there is clearly a much greater awareness of and interest in popular science .
Unfortunately a new divide has opened up , that between those of us who know enough about our computers to look under the bonnet from time to time and those who use them without any real curiosity or awareness .
The results could be far worse than being ripped off by unscrupulous engineers who offer them unnecessary upgrades , because these digital tools will increasingly shape society .
Those whose understanding of IT stopped at learning how to use bold font in a word processor will be at a significant disadvantage , one that we should work hard to overcome before it is too late .
We do n't need a nation of programmers , but we do need to be confident that everyone knows what programmers do and what programs look like .
Bill Thompson will be speaking about the new two cultures in a lecture at the Computer Laboratory at Cambridge University on May 27th , part of the University 's celebration of its 800th anniversary .
Bill Thompson is an independent journalist and regular commentator on the BBC World Service programme Digital Planet
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
You may not find the words defollow , noob and defriend in the dictionary .
But they and others like them — springing from far - flung corners of the English - speaking world — will push the mother tongue over the 1 million - word threshold in just a few weeks , Texas word - watcher Paul Payack says .
Payack , chief of the Internet ’s Global Language Monitor and author of A Million Words and Counting , thinks the millionth word will join the language at 10:22 a.m. Greenwich Mean Time on Wednesday , June 10 .
Payack ’s
Web site features a clock ticking off the seconds .
A new English word is created every 98 minutes , he contends , hedging his bet by adding that his June 10 date is just an estimate .
A marketer of online research services , Payack says new words are fed to his Austin headquarters from around the globe — one - fourth of the world ’s population speaks at least some English — then checked for acceptance .
When a word is published at least 25,000 times , it becomes a candidate for the Payack ’s new - word list .
Not a linguist
Payack , 59 , holds a comparative literature degree from Harvard ’s extension school and has no formal training in linguistics or lexicography .
Still , he likes to think of himself as a latter - day Noah Webster or Samuel Johnson — master dictionary makers who had little formal training .
“ We ’re approaching this as poets , ” Payack says , “ not linguists . ”
But harsh words are what linguists and modern - day dictionary makers have for Payack and his million - word threshold .
“ He made it all up in his head , ” says Robert Beard , a University of Michigan - trained linguist who collaborated with Payack on an Internet dictionary .
“ He ’s a great marketer , but he ’s a classics major .
He knows nothing about linguistics . ”
“ I think it ’s pure fraud , ” sniffs Geoffrey Nunberg , a linguistics professor at the University of California - Berkeley and chairman emeritus of American Heritage Dictionary ’s usage committee .
“ It ’s not bad science .
It ’s nonsense . ”
Benjamin Zimmer , producer of an online thesaurus , dismisses Payack ’s work as “ a sure - fire publicity gimmick that certainly has proven successful . ”
At the heart of their criticism , academics say , is the difficulty — if not impossibility — of calculating the language ’s word count .
“ It ’s not something that can be measured that precisely , ” says Jesse Scheidlower , North American editor for the Oxford English Dictionary .
“ I do n’t have a problem to say there are approximately a million words .
Other people have said that .
But it ’s absolute that it ca n’t be definitive .
...
What makes a word is a very complicated question . ”
How , for example , does one handle the various forms of “ run ” — run , runs , runner ?
How does one count compound words ?
What about numbers ?
Or regional language ?
Or obsolete words ?
Major unabridged dictionaries contain roughly a half million words .
But English , unlike French , has no official lingual gatekeepers to decide which words can officially join the language .
In an April blog post , Welsh linguist David Crystal , author of The Cambridge Encyclopedia of the English Language , says he tallied about 750,000 English words after comparing two major dictionaries in the 1980s .
“ I then did some comparisons with technical dictionaries , ” Crystal says .
“ I reached a million very quickly , and it was obvious that it was a task without end .
...
There are over a million insects in the world ... and English presumably has words for most of them .
...
And we have n’t even started talking about spoken language yet . ”
Payack charges that the experts criticize him because “ we ’re doing something they ca n’t believe can be done . ”
“ We believe words can be counted if you define them in the right way , ” he says .
“ You can count them like anything else in science .
You can count how many atoms there are in the ocean . ”
I was fortunate enough to visit Paris with my girlfriend recently .
April in Paris : the perfect place for fine dining and romance .
Consequently , my girlfriend and I spent a lot of time in the hotel room ... ahem ... ... looking up where the comic book stores are .*
We hit up all the major attractions , like the Eiffel Whatsits , but since " Mona Lisa " makes me think of this , I wanted to experience nerd culture in France .
First up , the Wi-Fi situation , and it is a situation .
Hotels that claim they have Wi -Fi often do n't , or their definition of Wi-Fi is what we in America call a " computer room . "
Also , if you use Data Roaming on your iPhone , expect to pay a whole lot extra for it .
Although I hate McDonalds food , at least all their restaurants in Paris seem to have Wi -Fi , so get ready to lug your laptop to " MacDo's ! "
Authentic French food is incredibly delicious , but as dorky tourists , how could we resist a restaurant called " Breakfast In America ? "
The theme is 50's diner , with a healthy highlight of the TV show Friends , like a big autographed Friends poster and Elmo in a Friends mug .
Nothing goes together quite like the 50's and Friends !
There 's also a wall of diner images from movies , which my girlfriend thinks they found by Googling the words " diner " and " american movie . "
Likewise , while in Pigalle 's infamous red light district , we missed the peep shows and headed straight to a museum .
Namely the Musée de l'Erotisme ( Museum of Eroticism ) , which had some amazing exhibits : from prehistoric statues to comfortable - looking dildo chairs !
They had a TV showing silent pornos and apparently porn acting has n't changed much in all this time .
Girls have given the same expression to cameras looking up from a blow job for almost 100 years !
It would n't be a nerd trip without visiting comic book stores .
If it was January , we would have visited Angouleme , which hosts the European equivalent to Comic - Con .
It 's hours away from Paris , so it 's only worth it to go in season .
However , there were plenty of shops in the city to browse .
The differences between French and American comic book stores are symbolized nicely in a place called Album , which has two stores right across the street from each other : the side selling American comics is darker , with wood paneling , black walls and completely cramped - exactly like back home .
The French side looks more like an art gallery , with white walls and way more space - that 's what a lot of the big comic stores in France look like .
Same with video game ( " jeux - video " ) shops .**
France does n't really have a superhero culture of its own , so they read Marvel and DC comics in English , kind of like how nerds here read manga in Japanese .
Graphic novels like Persepolis are huge in France ( and abroad ) .
However , the main icons of French comics are humor characters like Marsupilami , Asterix and Tintin , soon to be major motion pictures .
Man , do they love Tin Tin !
That guy has traveled everywhere , even to good ol ' America .
* Also , having sex .
** Speaking of games , a street artist named Invader has put Space Invaders all over Paris .
Thank you !
Police dispersed the crowds , beating up both male and female protesters .
But by nightfall there were still sporadic disturbances across the capital , with palls of smoke rising across the skyline from burning tyres .
As darkness fell , victorious Ahmadinejad supporters cruised the streets on motorbikes , shouting victory .
Onlookers said they had not seen such disturbances since Iran 's student - led uprisings in 1999 , and their scale showed the potential for the showdown to spill over into further challenges to the Islamic establishment .
When Genae Girard received a diagnosis of breast cancer in 2006 , she knew she would be facing medical challenges and high expenses .
But she did not expect to run into patent problems .
Ms. Girard took a genetic test to see if her genes also put her at increased risk for ovarian cancer , which might require the removal of her ovaries .
The test came back positive , so she wanted a second opinion from another test .
But there can be no second opinion .
A decision by the government more than 10 years ago allowed a single company , Myriad Genetics , to own the patent on two genes that are closely associated with increased risk for breast cancer and ovarian cancer , and on the testing that measures that risk .
On Tuesday , Ms. Girard , 39 , who lives in the Austin , Tex. , area , filed a lawsuit against Myriad and the Patent Office , challenging the decision to grant a patent on a gene to Myriad and companies like it .
She was joined by four other cancer patients , by professional organizations of pathologists with more than 100,000 members and by several individual pathologists and genetic researchers .
The lawsuit , believed to be the first of its kind , was organized by the American Civil Liberties Union and filed in federal court in New York .
It blends patent law , medical science , breast cancer activism and an unusual civil liberties argument in ways that could make it a landmark case .
This fan coral is in good health , and many of its relatives may stay healthy if they can upgrade their in - house algae ( Image : Jurgen Freund / Nature Picture Library / Rex Features )
In oceans around the world , heat - resistant algae are offering the prospect of a colourful future for corals .
The reef - forming animals are upgrading their symbiotic algae so that they can survive the bleaching that occurs in waters warming under climate change .
“ The most exciting thing was discovering live , healthy corals on reefs already as hot as the ocean is likely to get 100 years from now , ” says Stephen Palumbi of Stanford University .
Corals have a symbiotic relationship with tiny algae called zooxanthellae .
The corals give the algae a home and , in exchange , the algae provide the corals with food .
When water temperatures get too hot , the corals expel the algae .
This is what is known as coral bleaching and it is expected to kill coral reefs around the world as global temperatures rise .
Advertisement
In the past few years , biologists have discovered that some zooxanthellae can live at warmer temperatures than others , making the corals that host them naturally heat - resistant .
What ’s more , during a heatwave on the Great Barrier Reef in 2006 , an Australian team found that many corals that survived the hot period had swapped their algae for more heat - resistant ones .
Hot pools
To see how widespread this algae upgrading is , Palumbi and Stanford colleague Tom Oliver sampled coral colonies from tidal pools that are naturally at different temperatures on the island of Ofu in American Samoa .
They found that the proportion of corals that hosted heat - tolerant algae was directly related to how hot the pools were , suggesting that they are able to adapt to their local conditions .
“ From reef to reef , the number of corals that have tolerant algae varies with the local temperature regime , ” says Palumbi .
The heat - tolerant algae allow corals to survive 1.5 °C rises in temperature above their usual range .
In some regions , this may be enough to survive through to the end of the century despite global warming .
Palumbi says that other experiments in American Samoa suggest corals may have more tricks to survive in warmer seas .
His team is currently teasing these results apart .
Ultimately , the aim is to determine which reefs will be able to survive warmer seas and which will not , so that conservation efforts can be targeted .
Journal reference : Marine Ecology Progress Series ( vol. 378 , p 93 )
Windows 7's native Virtual Wi-Fi sounds complicated — it virtualizes your wireless adapater into as many wireless adapters as you want — but making your machine think it has more than one wireless adapter is pretty useful :
With multiple independent wireless connections — the virtualization software turns your single hardware wireless connection into several — you can tap more than one hotspot simultaneously .
Or probably more useful , it 's easier to set up a mesh network , where every system in the network acts as a repeater — one " adapter " grabs a signal , another passes it on .
In Windows 7 , you 're limited to one virtual adapter , but that 's all you need to easily share a Wi -Fi connection with other computers .
Advertisement
You can't do it yet in Windows 7 RC1 or the beta because the drivers for wireless adapters to make this happen do n't exist yet , but they will , so you 'll see it by the final release for sure .
Pretty useful , though I wish they 'd make Network and Sharing a little easier still to navigate around .
Maybe that 's too much to ask .
[ I Started Something via Engadget ]
Nearly two decades ago , the release of the movie adaptation of Katsuhiro Otomo 's intense , apocalyptic , epic manga Akira became for many English - speaking audiences their first experience of Japanese animation , or anime .
But despite Akira 's impact , anime today seems absent from our TV channels , despite being a massive and diverse billion - dollar industry producing countless TV series and movies .
At most , the big channels touch on the popular anime shows every few years , usually during a Japan season like the BBC 's recent Hidden Japan .
Cinemas , ironically , are perhaps the best source of regular anime TV programming : the Barbican last year showcased some of the TV work of legendary manga creator Osamu Tezuka .
When you find anime on the main channels , it is usually films from Studio Ghibli , who were behind Hayao Miyazaki 's 2003 Oscar - winning Spirited Away .
Meanwhile , the vast swath of anime television series available in English are ignored .
Jonathan Ross is perhaps the UK's highest - profile anime fan , showcasing it on his Japanorama documentaries .
But there is no support from the big broadcasters .
There are the digital channels - but audiences lost the only provider of regular anime to the UK when the Anime Central channel shut down last August .
Now its content is squeezed into a graveyard morning slot on Showcase TV .
Other digital channels that once showed anime like CNX have likewise bitten the dust .
Anime shows like Pokémon do air on the Jetix digital channel , but are aimed squarely at children .
Anime can be much broader , and certainly much more adult .
It is more than capable of dealing with deeper issues like alienation , tech noir and teen angst .
Still , quality adult fare like the hugely popular Neon Genesis Evangelion can today only be seen legally here by forking out for English - language version DVD box sets .
Jonathan Clements , author of Schoolgirl Milky Crisis : Adventures in the Anime and Manga Trade , a compendium of insider writing about the industry , agrees that forays into broadcasting anime in the UK have been spotty .
A lack of demand or financial issues with parent companies sinks many channels .
" You may go looking for anime on mainstream television , " he said , " but anime 's profile on mainstream UK television has always been relatively low – a few late - night screenings on Channel 4 and the occasional prime - time airing on Sci Fi . "
Clements also points out that many of the more popular adult anime airs outside of even the Japanese mainstream before going to DVD , making it hardly cost - effective to then bring over to an already niche market here .
It is big studio movies that are having the money spent on them .
Clements said : " Most TV anime that now achieves any fame within UK fandom was broadcast late at night or only available on TV in an edited form .
Death Note , perhaps one of the most popular titles with fans of today , only aired in its native Japan at 1 am .
If Death Note is n't mainstream in Japan , it 's hardly going to be here . "
Emily Man from Orbital Comics , which has its own manga store in central London , told me that with expensive licenses required to show anime in the UK and the supportive channels closed down , " the only way that we are going to see anime regularly is if we buy DVDs . "
But she also added that : " The UK censorship laws have made it extremely hard for the networks in the UK to show Japanese anime on TV too , our societies ' tastes and cultural history are different .
" People in the UK are not as open to this type of ' cartoon ' .
They 're used to Disney .
The British have stereotyped anime as weird , sexual and violent , and a network probably would n't want to risk showing something like that .
" A big channel is n't going to show interest in anime until it becomes popular again , but that can't happen unless the medium gets exposure on a big channel .
Thus the vicious circle .
Most people buy DVDs now , or download it . "
Clements notes that true anime fans today " would n't be seen dead watching mainstream TV as they are already getting their fix elsewhere " .
Behind the backs of mainstream channels , anime on the web has blossomed .
Fansites , like anime news network , are nurturing the fan community and remain a good guide for novices getting into anime .
The mushrooming of streaming and filesharing anime online , sometimes with fans providing the subtitles – " fansubbing " as it is known – is also resulting in TV channels being bypassed , though the legal status of doing this is murky .
Anime studios are cottoning on ; the video upload and streaming site Crunchyroll now has contracts to legally stream shows , though this has meant cutting out unlicensed uploads .
Anime might outlive television as we know it .
So if you want to start watching anime shows , forget about waiting for the BBC or Channel 4 .
Get online and dive into anime 's thriving web communities .
If the chatter there is just confusing , get down to Orbital , grab a copy of Neo magazine , and browse the DVD range .
If you are ready to splash on box sets , make sure you research what you like first .
Rookies can try the following series on DVD , all available in stores or to order online .
Enjoy , or as we say , otanoshimi kudasai !
• Neon Genesis Evangelion .
So much more than just a show about giant , battling robots .
A hugely popular and haunting futuristic epic that tackles loneliness and belonging .
• Death Note .
Adapted from the smash hit manga , this is a taught horror / crime battle of minds over a notebook that kills anyone whose name is written in it .
• Ghost in the Shell : Stand Alone Complex .
The Wachowski brother admitted to being inspired by the original 1995 Ghost in the Shell movie , which this series spins off from .
( Currently showing on Showcase TV , Sky 188 , 4 - 5 am ) .
• The Mysterious Cities of Gold .
Recently re-released on DVD , a classic Franco - Japanese production that aired on the BBC in the 80s , with a classic theme song .
• Cowboy Bebop .
Retro - styled bounty hunters in lawless space .
A live - action film is in the works , starring Keanu Reeves .
Fans of Joss Whedon 's Firefly might want to investigate .
( Currently showing on Showcase TV , Sky 188 , 4 - 5 am ) .
In Japan , defloration goes for a song , and it ai n’t ‘ Sakura , Sakura ’
Japanese were taken aback recently by news reports that a 22 - year - old American female had offered her virginity on eBay for the equivalent of 330 million yen .
The woman ’s objective in peddling her pudenda was to pay off her student loans .
And , at that price , probably purchase a Lamborghini in which to drive to the bank .
Nikkan Gendai ( Jan. 22 ) , which only one day before had reported on nerdy men grabbing up an illustrated book giving instructions on how to make out with girls , now shifts its attention to teenagers eager to market their unruptured hymens to the highest bidder .
“ From ancient times , humanity engaged in the practice of offering virgins to the deities as sacrificial objects , ” says Meiji University professor Osamu Seki .
“ That was because they represented a holy spirit undefiled by sex .
Today ’s otaku who get turned by Lolita types in animated cartoons are basically moved by the same principle . ”
In adult videos , plots involving defloration of virgins have been a long - selling standby .
“ In some adult videos , virgins are shown visiting a gynecologist to request that he certify their virginity , ” says Yasuhiro Ebina , a writer who covers the “ pink ” trade .
“ The viewers of these films have a penchant for sadism and get off by hearing the girl gasp in pain at the moment of penetration .
And men who themselves have never experienced deflowering a virgin enjoy it for the vicarious thrill . ”
Virginal high school girls are also treated as marketable commodities .
“ There are girls who act as go - betweens and earn commissions by introducing their friends to older men , to whom they can sell their virginity , ” says Ebina .
“ These days high school girls do n’t have much awareness of the importance of their virginity and will sell it for between 50,000 and 100,000 yen .
A lot of the buyers are presidents of small companies or teachers .
Ebina says Internet bulletin board messages can often be found reading “ Virginity for sale . ”
But he ’s convinced in these cases only about 30 percent of the women who offer themselves as “ virgins ” on the boards are the genuine article .
“ Sixteen and 17 - year - olds are the most common , ” he says .
“ The going rate ’s around 100,000 yen . ”
Truly , everything has its price .
( K.S. )
Source : “ Nihon no onna no ‘ shojo ’ no kachi , ” Nikkan Gendai ( Jan. 22 , page 9 )
If that sounds like an absolutely insane comparison to you , you 're right .
But congratulations to Google , for being more environmentally conscious than the dastardly orange juice and cheeseburger industries .
Advertisement
In response to a lot of allegations that its massive data centers emit tons of CO2 , Google came up with this little chart to show how much better for the environment they are than totally irrelevant products from mostly irrelevant industries .
Starting off with the least irrelevant , one printed newspaper is equal to 850 searches , which might actually come up in some kind of new media vs. print debate .
But orange juice ?
Cheeseburgers ?
Come on , Google .
[ TechCrunch ]
A new milestone of the next generation JDK has been released , which includes several new features and enhancements in many functional areas , like garbage collection , NIO and more .
This is also the first version where OpenJDK and JDK will have ( almost ) identical code - bases .
Xiomara Jayasena informs us about the roadmap for the next milestone :
Development for Milestone 4 continues and we expect for it to complete towards the end of July .
The source for b59 can be downloaded any time , from the Mercurial Repositories by doing the following : hg fclone -r jdk7-b59 http://hg.openjdk.java.net/jdk7/jdk7 myjdk7
There is also a detailed roadmap at openjdk site that leads up to the final milestone in 2010/02/18 .
You can find there a draft of the list of features that will be proposed “ when the Java SE 7 Platform JSR is submitted ” :
Features are listed in order , more or less , from lowest to highest in the overall JDK software stack .
vm Compressed 64 - bit object pointers
Garbage - First GC ( G1 )
JSR 292 : VM support for non-Java languages ( InvokeDynamic ) lang JSR 308 : Annotations on Java types
JSR TBD : Small language enhancements ( Project Coin )
JSR 294 : Language and VM support for modular programming core Modularization ( Project Jigsaw )
Upgrade class - loader architecture
Method to close a URLClassLoader
Unicode 5.1
Concurrency and collections updates ( jsr166y )
JSR 203 : More new I/O APIs for the Java platform ( NIO.2 )
SCTP ( Stream Control Transmission Protocol )
SDP ( Sockets Direct Protocol )
Elliptic - curve cryptography ( ECC ) client XRender pipeline for Java 2D
Forward - port 6u10 features
Create new platform APIs for forward - ported 6u10 features
JSR 296 : Swing application framework
Swing updates ee Update the XML stack
There is more information about JDK 7 on the documentation site or right here on InfoQ .
I know that it sometimes seems that this topic will never go away , but due to the excellent discussion and debate from readers on previous blogs on the site ( discussion has been extended to the " Let 's Discuss It Further " tab too if you want to throw your two cents in ) , I thought it would be interesting to get perspective from participants as to this new statement from Miss California , Carrie Prejean , as she told James Dobson ( the leader of Focus on the Family ) , that Satan was tempting her during the Q&A segment of the Miss USA Pageant .
James Dobson :
Why did you give the answer you did with regard to the affirmation of marriage ?
Carrie Prejean : Honestly , I felt as though Satan was , and I do n't want to say that this person represented Satan , but I felt as though Satan was trying to tempt me , and in asking me this question .
And then God was in my head and in my heart saying , " Carrie , do not compromise this .
You know , you need to stand up for me . "
Do you believe that God really spoke to her during the split second before she gave her answer ?
Do you think that Satan ( and God ) would use the forum of a beauty pageant to tempt ( and talk ) to her to get their messages spread ?
Two years , 62 counties , 56,000 Twitter followers and scores of travel awards .
I met up with eternal traveler , Gary Arndt to find out more about his never - ending trip and incredible online fan base .
I love to travel , who does n’t ?
But could I do it for years on end ?
Probably not .
Gary Arndt , on the other hand , is a modern day nomad .
He ’s been on the road for over two years with thousands of fans following his travels online .
Here are his answers to the questions I know you ’re dying to ask …
1 . Why did you go ?
I sold my company at 28 , started up a few more , did a bit of studying and was n’t sure what to do next .
Traveling the world seemed like a good option .
2 . How old are you ?
I ’m 39 .
There are definitely some benefits of traveling beyond the classic ‘ gap year ’ age : I ’m financially stable , I know what I ’m doing and do n’t often get taken advantage of .
3 . How much is your trip costing you ?
Around $ 30,000 a year but I do n’t stay in dorms or cook .
It ’s possible to get away with $ 15,000 on a tighter food and accommodation budget .
4 . Do you ever get lonely ?
No , I ’m talking to people all the time , especially on Twitter .
I ’ve been very lucky with Internet access so far .
I only get lonely when my computer is broken .
5 . Why do you think your blog has been so successful ?
Owing to the length of my trip I ’ve been able to build up a strong following over time .
Travel is very visual so I make sure I upload a new travel photo every day .
I call myself a “ travel pornographer ” .
Many of my followers are living vicariously through me .
I ’m living out their dreams and following me online lets them experience the trip for themselves .
I ’m also very personal .
I respond to every message and often meet up with people along the way .
6 . Where ’s the best place you ’ve been ?
I ca n’t answer that .
It ’s like asking a mother to choose between her children !
7 . Where ’s the worst place to travel ?
Egypt .
Everyone wants money from you , you have to negotiate for everything and you feel like you ca n’t trust anyone .
Visiting the Pyramids was actually one of my worst travel experiences ever .
8 . What ’s your best kept travel secret ?
Pohnpei in the western Pacific is one of the most beautiful islands in the world and is completely free of tourists .
There is n’t even one hotel there .
9 . Where ’s the weirdest place you ’ve been ?
That ’s got to be the Marshall Islands .
They ’re totally dependent on aid from the US .
Noone ever goes there and there are some pretty eccentric expats floating around .
10 . I ’ve heard you eat in McDonald ’s everywhere you go .
Why ’s that ?
I get a lot of stick for this but there ’s a good reason .
McDonald ’s a great way of getting a cultural snapshot of a place .
For example , you can get a tasty rice burger in Taiwan but you ’ll never find a bacon cheeseburger in Israel .
In many places in the developing world McDonald ’s is considered very classy food and working there a seriously high end job !
11 . Where next ?
Back to the US via Europe : Rome , Venice , Florence , London , Iceland then onto the Caribbean to get more serious about my photography .
12 . When is your trip going to end ?
I have no clue .
There you have it .
Fascinating stuff .
I quite fancy a McRiceBurger myself !
Follow Gary ’s amazing trip on Twitter and at his Everything Everywhere travel blog .
Could you travel for years on end ?
Got a great McDonald ’s story ?
Post up your comments below , we want to hear from you !
Enjoyed this post ?
Do n’t miss out on what ’s to come .
SIGN UP for free , via RSS or email at the top of this page .
Photos by Gary .
In order of placement : Gary in Sydney , Pohnpei ( my favorite pic ) , Rice Burger , Marshall Islands , Luxor , Egypt .
Taken from Gary ’s fantastic Flickr album .
The Open Source Center of the U.S. Intelligence Community has prepared a descriptive catalog of websites ( pdf ) concerning the defense and security of Chile .
“ The Chilean defense establishment consists of military and civilian institutions , many of which have their own websites featuring institutional services , news , and academic reports , ” the OSC report explains .
“ Many academic contributions on defense issues are featured on these sites .
Defense blogs and some related websites also carry unofficial information on Chilean military issues .
A few sensitive defense institutions , including intelligence services and related industries , do not have their own websites .
An appendix [ to the report ] explains the Chilean defense structure . ”
Like many other OSC products , the unclassified , 12 - page report has not been approved for public release .
But a copy was obtained by Secrecy News .
See “ Guide to Selected Chilean Defense Websites , ” Open Source Center Media Aid , 29 April 2009 .
The new PlayStation 3s without PS2 backwards compatibility are missing the Emotion Engine , a chip Sony designed as the PS2’s CPU .
A new patent by Sony bring up the interesting question , what if the PS3 ’s cell processor could emulate the Emotion Engine ?
Theoretically , all PlayStation 3s would be able to play PS2 games even if a console did n’t have the proper hardware and according to a recent patent filed by Sony Computer Entertainment in the US , Sony has the code and technology ready to do this .
There are two main ways to emulate hardware .
The frist is interpretation is when target code is decoded and converted into a language the host can understand .
The other strategy is to decode and recompile programs in the host ’s language .
As Siliconera describes it , ” interpretation is like having someone constantly translating English to Japanese for you , non stop , twenty four hours a day wherever you go .
Decoding and recompiling is like someone translating a sets of words and putting them in a dictionary you can reference . ”
According to these patents Sony has developed a way to translate instructions from an Emotion Engine chip into chunks that can be referenced .
Furthermore , “ figure 2 from the patent is a schematic drawing of how the system works .
Figure 3A is a drawing of the PlayStation 2 ’s chipset .
Figure 3B is the emotion engine .
Figure 4 is where the whole story gets interesting !
It ’s “ an example of a host system based on a cell processor that may be configured to emulate the target system . ”
The target is figure 3B , the Emotion Engine . ”
There is one big reason why Sony would want the PS3 ’s Cell processor to emulate the PS2’s Emotion Engine that is backwards compatibility .
The new PS3 as well as the rumor PS3 Slim might have backwards compatibility .
What even more interesting is that a firmware update or the new PlayStation 3 slim might include this new technology .
[ Via Siliconera ]
GLforth
About
Gameplay
Authors
Gerald Wodni ( Programmer - Maintainer )
Daniel Abouakil ( Artist , Debugging - inactive )
Norbert Sattler ( Artist , Debugging - inactive )
Screenshots
r18
r29
Benchmarks
Normal Game
CPU GPU Graphics - RAM Resolution Multisamples Average FPS i386 1800 MHz 512 KB Cache GForce 8800 512 1024x768 4 626 2 1 2048 1280x1024 64 42 Dual Athlon 2,3 GHz Radeon HD 3450 512 1024x768 1 120.040.1 pentium dual core 2.7ghz radeon something 512 1280x1024 1 974 x86_64 8x3400 MHz 8512 KB
Cache GeForce GTX 645 1024 1280x1024 1 60
Cube Benchmarks
CPU GPU Graphics - RAM Resolution Multisamples Cubes Average FPS i386 1800 MHz 512 KB Cache GForce 8800 512 1024x768 4 15625 13.39 64 640x480 1 256 640x480 4 i386 1800 MHz 64 KB Cache GForce 4 128 1024x768 1 i386 1800 MHz 64 KB Cache GForce 4 128 800x600 1 1024 fdbv 242334 64 640x480 1 2345245 3453453 1333 1000 128 1280x1024 8 4 50 fg 64 640x480 1 64 640x480 1 2048 1280x1024 4 4444 4555 512 640x480 64 555 3555
Please submit your own benchmark CPU : [ 1 ] GPU : [ 1 ]
Graphics - RAM : 64 MB 128 MB 256 MB 512 MB 1024 MB 2048 MB [ 2 ]
Resolution : 640x480 800x600 1024x768 1280x1024 [ 2 ]
Multisamples : 1 2 4 8 16 32 64 [ 2 ]
Mode : Cube Benchmark Normal Game [ 3 ]
Number of Cubes : Average FPS : [ 1 ] take a look at already submitted Benchmarks and try to choose a similar string
[ 2 ] if your value is not in the list please let me know ↓
[ 3] total number of cubes ( displayed on stdout )
Problems / Feedback
Forth - Feedback Your Email : [ 4 ]
Message : [ 4 ]
Your email will not be saved , it 's just to be able to reply to you .
Documentation
Control
Keys Key Action ESC Exit Game ( clean exit ) TAB Toggle Console - Active W , S Move Forward / Backward E , R Move Up / Down F Toggle Flashlight P Toggle Presentation Mode J Next Slide K Previous Slide
Console
Basically you can call every word from the console , once it is found , it gets executed , and if nothing crashed a green smiley is displayed .
If the word is not found , a red smiley is displayed .
However , if you use words with stack effects or other side - effects , the program will most likely crash , so here is a list of useful commands : Command Result enemies - show Displays enemies ( play the game ) enemies - hide Hide enemies ( stop the game ) houses - show Show 2 houses houses - hide Hide houses test
You get a green smiley
Settings
gams.fs window - width , window - height : window ( contents ) resolution window - fullscreen : instead of creating a window , glforth will render on the whole screen window - fovy : player 's field of view angle window - clipping - near , window - clipping - far : elements outside this range will not be rendered player - movement - basic - speed : based upon this value the players frame based speed will be calculated fps-update : specifies the milliseconds between the environment updates ( in the future the world will be updates after every frame ) gl- multisamples : anti-aliasing factor ( 0 disables it ) , leave this to 0 until your gforth renders without problems cube - number : enables cube - benchmark ( 0 disables it ) , the number itself specifies the cubes per dimension debug - mode : will output some additional information to stdout during the game
enemies .fs enemies - number : Number of allocated enemies enemy - dying - decrease : Alpha loss per world update
rockets .fs rockets - light - offset : OpenGL features 8 lights supported by the GPU , this number specifies the first light used by rockets , together with ↓ this value must be ≤ 8 rockets - number : number of allocated rockets rocket - segments : as a rocket consists of a cone , a pipe and a circle its not possible to display it without jaggies , increase this number to make the rocket " rounder " rocket - length - scale , rocket - diameter - scale : rocket 's size in OpenGL - Units rocket - max - distance : maximum distance from world - center ( when a rocket passes this distance it will self destruct ) rocket - destruction - distance : rockets proximity ability , once a rocket gets this close of an enemies center it will blow up and kill the enemy
world .fs star - number : Number of displayed stars star- seed : seed of the star - placing random generator star - size : size of a star ( in OpenGl units ) world - sections : quads per dimension ( in OpenGL units )
Requirements
Downloads glforth_r18.tar.gz first release
glforth_r29.tar.gz presentation - version for the EuroForth 2008
( features presentation mode + slides and in - game console )
glforth_r30.tar.gz
Fixed game - loader to use the final c-interface of gforth 0.7.0 +
glforth_r43.tar.gz
Support for multiple games added
boolean - takeover added
GLforth is an OpenGL engine written in Gforth
You were playing a nice game of chess when suddenly the holodeck failed , security mode was disabled and you were attacked by Tron-Observers from the evil kernel32 .
Luckily you have found a rocket launcher from the Umbrella cooperation to defend yourself .
Try to survive as long as possible , maybe someone ( not the masterchief ! ) will come through the halo in the center of the world and rescue you ;)
Feel free to submit your ideas and experiences or problemsA small howto and module description will be available soon , please consult your memories of the presentation for now ;)
Features
FireQuery is a Firefox extension integrated with Firebug
j Query expressions are intelligently presented in Firebug Console and DOM inspector
attached jQuery data are first class citizens
elements in jQuery collections are highlighted on hover
j Querify : enables you to inject jQuery into any web page
j Query Lint : enables you to automatically inject jQuery Lint into the page as it is loaded ( great for ad - hoc code validation )
Compatibility
Both Firefox and Firebug are moving targets .
Please make sure you use compatible versions .
I 'm unable to test all possible combinations .
v1.3 works with official Firebug 1.3.3 , 1.4.5 , 1.5.4 , 1.6 , 1.7 , 1.8 , 1.9 , 1.10.3 ( Firefox 3.0 - 18.0 )
show compatibility of older versions ↓
v1.2 works with official Firebug 1.3.3 , 1.4.5 , 1.5.4 , 1.6 , 1.7 , 1.8 , 1.9 ( Firefox 3.0 - 13.0 )
works with official Firebug 1.3.3 , 1.4.5 , 1.5.4 , 1.6 , 1.7 , 1.8 , 1.9 ( Firefox 3.0 - 13.0 ) v1.1 works with official Firebug 1.3.3 , 1.4.5 , 1.5.4 , 1.6 , 1.7 , 1.8 , 1.9 ( Firefox 3.0 - 11.0 )
works with official Firebug 1.3.3 , 1.4.5 , 1.5.4 , 1.6 , 1.7 , 1.8 , 1.9 ( Firefox 3.0 - 11.0 ) v1.0 works with official Firebug 1.3.3 , 1.4.5 , 1.5.4 , 1.6 , 1.7 also worked for me with a beta of Firebug 1.8 ( Firefox 3.0 - 5.0 )
works with official Firebug 1.3.3 , 1.4.5 , 1.5.4 , 1.6 , 1.7 also worked for me with a beta of Firebug 1.8 ( Firefox 3.0 - 5.0 ) v0.9 works with official Firebug 1.3.3 , 1.4.5 , 1.5.4 and 1.6 , also worked for me with early beta of Firebug 1.7 ( Firefox 3.0 - 4.0 )
works with official Firebug 1.3.3 , 1.4.5 , 1.5.4 and 1.6 , also worked for me with early beta of Firebug 1.7 ( Firefox 3.0 - 4.0 ) v0.8 works with official Firebug 1.3.3 , 1.4.5 , 1.5.4 and 1.6 , also worked for me with early beta of Firebug 1.7 ( Firefox 3.0 - 3.7 )
works with official Firebug 1.3.3 , 1.4.5 , 1.5.4 and 1.6 , also worked for me with early beta of Firebug 1.7 ( Firefox 3.0 - 3.7 ) v0.7 works with official Firebug 1.3.3 , 1.4.5 and 1.5 ( Firefox 3.0 - 3.6 )
works with official Firebug 1.3.3 , 1.4.5 and 1.5 ( Firefox 3.0 - 3.6 ) v0.6 works with official Firebug 1.3.3 , 1.4.5 and 1.5 ( Firefox 3.0 - 3.6 )
works with official Firebug 1.3.3 , 1.4.5 and 1.5 ( Firefox 3.0 - 3.6 ) v0.5 works with official Firebug 1.3.3 , 1.4.5 and 1.5 ( Firefox 3.0 - 3.6 )
works with official Firebug 1.3.3 , 1.4.5 and 1.5 ( Firefox 3.0 - 3.6 ) v0.4.1 works with official Firebug 1.3.3 , 1.4.5 and betas of Firebug 1.5 ( Firefox 3.0 - 3.6 )
works with official Firebug 1.3.3 , 1.4.5 and betas of Firebug 1.5 ( Firefox 3.0 - 3.6 ) v0.4 works with beta Firebug 1.5 ( Firefox 3.5 - 3.6 ) - BROKEN with Firebug 1.4 !
works with beta Firebug 1.5 ( Firefox 3.5 - 3.6 ) - BROKEN with Firebug 1.4 ! v0.3 works with official Firebug 1.3 and official Firebug 1.4 ( Firefox 2.0 - 3.5 )
works with official Firebug 1.3 and official Firebug 1.4 ( Firefox 2.0 - 3.5 ) v0.2 works with beta Firebug 1.4 ( Firefox 3.0.x or Firefox 3.5 )
Screencast
Intro ScreenCast by the Changelog , which brings fresh news about open - source .
the screencast was produced by Wynn Netherland , thanks !
Installation
Install the addon from addons.mozilla.org .
After you restart Firefox , you should visit FireQuery Test Page to make sure all is working correctly .
How to build FireQuery from source
If you want to install the addon from the latest source , you need to build it .
It should be simple , but make sure you have these tools in your path :
git
zip
ruby and rake
Build steps :
git clone git://github.com/binaryage/firequery.git cd firequery rake
After that your XPI should be available in build / firequery - X.Y.xpi .
You should now be able to install the XPI file in Firefox : File -> Open File ... and browse for firequery - X.Y.xpi .
Security Note
This extension may be insecure !
So please do n't browse porn sites with this enabled .
I still do n't fully understand the Firefox extension security model .
The reality is that I interact with naked HTML page from privileged code which may be insecure .
A good solution is to have dedicated Firefox profile for development and use it only for safe sites .
FAQ
How can I specify my own jQuery when pressing jQuerify button ?
You can specify your own URL in about : config for the key extensions .
firebug.firequery.jQueryURL
.
For example you can use Google 's jQuery urls http://code.google.com/apis/ajaxlibs/documentation/index.html#jquery
How can I show internal jQuery data ( e.g. ' events ' ) ?
Since jQuery 1.7.1 data( ) function does not return internal jQuery data structures .
You may switch FireQuery into original behavior using this option :
How can I use jQuery Lint with FireQuery ?
How can I specify my own jQuery Lint version ?
You can specify your own URL in about : config for the key extensions .
firebug.firequery.jQueryLintURL .
When I update values via $ .data ( )
I do n't see changes in HTML panel .
What 's wrong ?
You have to enable Console panel for this feature to work
Changelog
Pittsburgh DUI Lawyer George Heym FORMER ALLEGHENY COUNTY DUI PROSECUTOR !
Exclusively Defending DUI Cases !
412-216-4984
The Law Offices of Pittsburgh DUI Lawyer George A. Heym are located in downtown Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
In addition to defense of Pittsburgh Drunk Driving charges , Attorney Heym also defends Allegheny County DUI , Beaver County DUI , Butler County DUI , Westmoreland County DUI and Washington County Pennsylvania DUI .
Pittsburgh DUI Attorney George Heym always offers a FREE DUI CONSULTATION on all Driving Under the Influence cases .
If you are facing a DUI charge contact Attorney George Heym immediately so that he can guide you through the criminal justice system to the outcome that you want .
Some DUI
Attorneys will just tell their clients what to do without regard to the client ’s actual needs .
Pittsburgh DUI Lawyer George
Heym does not practice this way .
During your Free DUI Consultation Attorney Heym will determine what •
Your goals are for the DUI case •
Your needs are in how any sentence might affect your life •
Your fears are regarding the DUI charges Pittsburgh DUI Attorney Heym believes that his job as a DUI Defense Attorney is to determine what your needs and wants are and then to make those things happen rather than just tell you what result you should want .
For example , are you • A student • A parent or single parent •
In a profession which has special licensing rules • in a job that has odd or long working hours • Currently living in another County or State If so , your case needs special attention to reach the correct outcome for YOU .
A full time student might need a very different outcome than a single parent .
When you are charged with a Pittsburgh DUI there are Common Problems which can cause you to have a result that you are not happy with 1 .
You could receive a sentence which requires you to spend time in jail .
2 . You could receive a longer than necessary term of Probation .
3 . You could receive a longer than necessary Driver ’s License suspension .
4 . You could plead guilty to , or be found guilty of , charges that could have been beaten or dismissed .
5 . You could pay far more in fines than you have to .
Pittsburgh DUI Defense Attorney George
Heym spent nearly a decade as a prosecutor in Allegheny County and has spent the last 9 years defending only DUI cases .
He has close to 100 Jury Trials and approximately 500 Non-Jury Trials under his belt .
Therefore , he has vast experience with all of the issues that can arise in defending a DUI case and has no fear of going to trial if that is what is necessary .
He will use his knowledge of not only DUI Law but also of the Criminal Justice System to ensure that none of these things happen to you !
Some of the most important questions that you may have are 1 .
What will Legal representation cost me ?
2 . When do I have to pay my Legal Fees ?
3 . Can I set up some kind of payment plan ?
There are attorneys that bill their clients by the hour for DUI representation .
The problem with this system - for you - is that you have no idea what representation will end up costing you .
If a Police Officer is late to Court you are paying your Attorney additional money to sit and wait .
How can you plan for the future without knowing how much money you need to set aside for your DUI case ?
This is why Pittsburgh DUI Lawyer George Heym works on a fee per case basis - that means that you pay a flat fee for legal representation in your DUI case .
Thus , you know before hiring Attorney Heym how much you will have to pay in total .
This payment system helps remove some of the stress associated with your Pittsburgh DUI charges .
After your Free DUI Consultation Attorney Heym will tell you the exact flat fee for representation in your particular DUI case .
Of course , Pittsburgh DUI Lawyer Heym is always willing to work with you to set up a payment plan that is acceptable to you .
Were you stopped for a DUI ?
• Are you wondering whether you will have to go to jail ? •
Are you wondering whether you will lose your License ? •
Are you wondering what happens next ? •
Are you wondering whether your arrest will be made public ?
Do you want answers to all of the above questions and more ?
Contact us now for your Free DUI Consultation .
Pittsburgh DUI Defense Attorney Heym will explain : • Pennsylvania DUI Law ; •
What you are facing ; •
What your options are ; • The DUI Criminal Justice System from beginning to end ; •
The answers to any other questions that you have .
Do n’t leave these questions unanswered or let your DUI charge affect the rest of your life .
Let us Fight for You !
Call or Text on my Cell phone 24/7 for your Free DUI Consultation !
412-216-4984
Common Problems faced by those charged with Pittsburgh DUI
Every DUI client has individual needs
DUI Legal Representation Fees
A Driving Under the Influence charge does not have to result in a conviction .
There are many legal issues which can be raised in your defense by an experienced Pittsburgh DUI Lawyer in order to beat DUI charges .
( See the Top Ten Ways to Beat a Pittsburgh DUI Charge )
Every DUI case is unique and must be evaluated on its own facts by an experienced Pittsburgh DUI Attorney .
George A. Heym is a Former Pittsburgh DUI Prosecutor with the training and experience necessary to properly evaluate your Driving Under the Influence case and fight on your behalf .
Pittsburgh DUI Lawyer George Heym's Personal Guarantee
When you are represented by me in a DUI case you can always count on the fact that I will treat you with kindness , courtesy and respect .
I will take the time to be sure that you always completely understand ALL of the legal options available to you .
I will bring all of my Pittsburgh DUI experience and training to bear on your case and use them to fight on your behalf .
I know that the fear and stress of being charged with a DUI weigh on a person 's mind at all times and not only during business hours .
Thus , I will make myself available to you for questions or concerns about your DUI case 24 hours a day seven days a week and not just from 9 to 5 .
If , at the time of your Driving Under the Influence stop , you were released ( rather than being booked into the county jail ) you will receive a " DUI summons " in the mail .
This summons will generally contain three items : • A copy of the criminal complaint which has been filed against you .
This will contain a list of the charges filed and a factual summary of what the Police Officer alleges happened - this is called an an " Affidavit of Probable Cause " ; • A Preliminary Hearing Notice - this will tell you when and where your Preliminary Hearing will take place ; • A Fingerprint Order - this will order you to appear a to be fingerprinted for these charges ( some Magistrates may give this to you at the Preliminary Hearing instead of sending it in advance ) .
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT IF YOU HAVE BEEN STOPPED FOR , OR CHARGED WITH , A DUI
Driving Under the Influence Defense Pennsylvania Counties
The Law Offices of George Heym 564 Forbes Ave , Suite 810 Pittsburgh , PA 15219 412-521-2628
Call or text me 24/7 on my cell phone at 412-216-4984 or
Free DUI Consultation
Exclusively defending DUI cases !
If you have been charged with , or think that you will be charged with , a Marijuana related DUI you need a Pittsburgh Marijuana Driving Under the Influence Defense Lawyer with vast experience in this area of DUI Law .
Pittsburgh DUI Lawyer George Heym defends nothing but DUI cases .
As a consequence , he has handled hundreds of Marijuana and other drug related DUI cases over the past 20 years .
The Law in this area is confusing and you need a DUI Attorney with the experience necessary to properly defend your Marijuana related DUI case .
Attorney Heym has written a blog entry with a brief overview of the law this area which you can view here Call or text me 24/7 on my cell phone at 412-216-4984 for a FREE Marijuana related DUI Consultation
Marijuana or drug Related DUI Cases
Keep digging folks .
“ Note that the standard for defending a statute , once enacted , is lower than whether , in our judgment , it is constitutional , ” a senior administration official said .
“ It is whether there are arguments that can be made .
The DOMA statute has been found constitutional by at least 6 courts and has never been struck down .
Whatever we think , it would be pretty hard to say that there are not ‘ reasonable arguments ’ with that context . ”
About Lasersec Technologies
Empowered with sophisticated technology , we are a prominent holographic solutions and anti-counterfeiting solution provider based in New Delhi .
Since the inception in 1998 , we have kept our focus on R&D and quantifiable quality assurance programs , which helped us in leading the Holographic Security Solutions industry .
Being widely recognized as a reputed manufacturer , supplier , and exporter of Holograms , Security Labels , Stickers , Holographic Foils & much more .
We have always strived to uphold our corporate image by providing the better work environment and giving maximum value for money to our esteemed customers .
" Customer Satisfaction is the only MOTTO "
Perhaps unsurprisingly , Dubai ’s real estate boom has turned to bust as house prices plummeted by 40 % in the first quarter of 2009 .
Once home to the world ’s biggest construction boom , these slumping numbers now ensure that Dubai tops the list among countries hit hardest by the global recession .
According to the Guardian , “ Dubai ’s ruling family , the Maktoums , have already sought a £ 13.5 bn emergency loan from their oil - rich neighbour Abu Dhabi , and fears are growing that many of the region ’s biggest properties companies are close to bankruptcy . ”
The good news is that this could create some opportunities for potential buyers , however there ’s still no clear indication that this market has hit bottom yet .
Until bottom hits , buyers are likely , and advised , to stay frozen .
Other countries that experienced big downturns in housing prices so far this year were Singapore ( 16 % ) , Estonia ( 10 % ) , Norway ( 6 % ) and Denmark ( 6 % ) .
At a staggering 40 % , however , the problem is obviously especially pronounced in Dubai .
The list of losers could soon be longer , since several struggling nations have not yet reported their 2009 numbers .
For instance , Latvia suffered a 34 % loss last year but have n’t yet reported this year .
Despite the global downturn , housing prices have actually increased in some countries .
Finland ( 4 % increase ) and Thailand ( 2.7 % increase ) topped that fortunate list , with Israel and Switzerland also showing decent increases over 2 % .
Comments
During the height of the Great Depression in 1933 with unemployment hitting its peak , 13 million Americans found themselves out of a job .
This translated to 1 out of every 4 workers in the civilian labor force .
You may be wondering how is it that we have recently heard rumblings that this recession may have bad elements similar to the Great Depression ?
After all , the current headline unemployment rate is only 8.5 percent .
The truth of the matter is the unemployment situation is much worse .
If we add up all the unemployed , those working part - time but are looking for full - time work , and those who have given up looking for work we would find that over 24 million Americans are out of work or under employed .
25 out of every 100 workers during the Great Depression .
Currently 15 out of every 100 workers in our current recession .
First , let us break down the numbers :
Civilian Labor Force : 154,048,000
Unemployed : 13,161,000
Part - time for economic reasons : 9,000,000
Marginally attached to labor force : 2,100,000
Total unemployed , part - time , and marginally attached : 24,261,000
Unemployment rate using above metrics : 15.7 percent
Now much of this divergence is because of the enormous jump in those classified as part - time due to economic reasons .
This category has been exploding over the decades .
Let us look at a chart highlighting this shift in the American employment world :
What is hard to examine here is the range of those working part - time can be anywhere from 1 to 34 hours .
Most of these people will not qualify for typical benefits such as healthcare coverage which only makes the recession that much tougher for them and also adds to the jump in bankruptcies we have been seeing .
And it is hard to tell how the hours break down since we do not have that data .
Where is the average ?
For example , if you are working a contract position for 10 hours a week , this is very different from working 34 hours a week at a factory .
However , the fact of the matter is that we are in record territory regarding part - time employment .
And this is a key fact now being picked up by more media outlets probably because many in the media are part of that contract labor force with no employment protection .
In Japan for example during their lost decade , unemployment stayed relatively low hovering around 5 percent yet if you cut through the data , you will find that nearly one - third of the Japanese population in employed on a part - time basis .
Looking at this chart it looks like we are heading that way .
There are now more officially unemployed Americans than at the height of the Great Depression .
And we are only looking at the official number of 13 million here .
Of course our population is much larger yet this is not a statistic we want to be breaking here .
We have covered the 13 million officially unemployed , the 9 million part - time workers , and now we need to look at the 2.1 million who are marginally attached to the labor force .
What does this mean ?
These are individuals who want and are available to work but had not looked in the previous 12 months .
There were 685,000 of these people .
Yet the other troubling figure is the 1.4 million that are now considered marginally attached and have not looked for work in the past 4 weeks because of school or family responsibilities .
This number is growing larger and larger .
Although it is good many are going back to school , one would have to ask for what industries since looking at these numbers , you have 4 workers looking for each 1 full - time job available .
If we add these measures together , we will find that our current unemployment situation is already worse than that of the early 1980s :
Just as a reference point , at the height of the early 1980s recession , there were 11.5 million Americans unemployed and 6.8 million classified as part - time for economic reasons .
As we know , unemployment is a lagging indicator and we view recent estimates of 10 percent headline unemployment coming down the line .
We will also need to look at these other areas to get a better picture of the employment situation .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
June 28 , 2009 – Dr. Dime
A friend today sent me a link of this video of the Top 10 In Game Dunks of All - time , and I figured I had to share it with you guys .
Although the video is a few years old now and probably should be updated with at least one vicious throw down from Lebron James this season , it still holds fairly true .
I say drop the # 10 dunk of Ricky Davis and replace it with the Lebron throw down on the whole Atlanta Hawks team where his headband got knocked off , then you have a list .
And clearly the Michael Jordan dunk on Patrick Ewing is the best in game dunk of all - time .
Vince really took off huge on the play where he dunked over Weis , but Kenny Smith is right , it was the Olympics …
Margaret , whatever happened to common sense ?
I eat a lot of pie .
I have a fat ass .
I get the connection .
You hardly eat anything , walk everyday and a strong wind could blow you over .
Again , I get the connection .
So why is it so hard for Bill O’Reilly over at Fox News to understand the connection between what he says and how someone responds to what he says ?
It ’s just not that big of a leap to see a connection between the television news calling someone a Baby Killing Nazi over and over again and some religious fanatic deciding to finally pull the trigger .
I get that it is not quite the same as the pie making my ass fat , but I do n’t work for Jenny Craig .
Bill O’Reilly , however , works for Fox News .
The emphasis , of course , is on that last word – News .
He should know better .
He is paid to know better .
He should be fired for not knowing better .
Fox is n’t called the Editorial Channel .
Neither is it called the Opinion Channel .
Last time I checked it was n’t even called the I Pulled This Bit of Information Out of My Ass In Hopes More of You Will Tune In Channel .
Although , I would push for that last one if Rupert Murdoch put it up for a a vote .
No .
It ’s called the Fox News Channel .
So someone explain to me where exactly is the news or even the journalists .
Anytime you try to pin someone down over at Fox for irresponsible journalism they claim that they are news commentators and not journalists .
You ’re on a news channel you moron so if you are going to be a commentator then you should be commenting on the news and not your misinformed opinion about the private medical decisions made between a woman and her doctor .
You ’re either a news channel or your not .
Fox is not .
You are either commenting on the news or you are not .
Mr. O’Reilly is not .
To be honest , I am not even sure what the hell he is doing .
From where I sit – on my big , fat ass – it seems like he is yelling “ Fire ” in a crowded movie theatre .
Margaret , tell me if I am being too picky .
You do n’t get to say you are one thing and then act like another .
Do you ?
You either are or you are n’t .
Mr. O’Reilly needs to shit or get off the pot .
He pretends to be a news reporter when it is quite evident he ’s a TV tabloid personified .
Oh wait a minute .
I feel like maybe I am skirting the issue and not being clear enough .
Let me see if I can put this in simpler terms .
Mr. O’Reilly could n’t win a debate against Helen Keller with one arm tied behind her back .
I mean it is just so obvious and yet everyone seems to ignore it .
He ’s no Walter Cronkite nor will he ever be .
Take me for example .
I am a big , fat bitch .
Love me or leave me .
Tomorrow I am not suddenly going to wake up and become Miss Manners with Jennifer Aniston ’s ass .
But be it big or small , one thing I know for sure .
Bill O’Reilly can kiss my ass .
I mean it really .
This pie is made from fillo stretch dough .
For filling we chose one loved by many people – cabbage .
We simmered it with carrots and onions , and it is delicious .
But if somebody likes a sourer taste , they may add some tomato paste .
Making dough is not so difficult , though you have to be skillful in stretching .
If the dough breaks a little in some places , it does n’t matter .
Wrapping the dough around the filling , you will cover up all the holes .
You can make two pies with the given amount of the flour .
Ingredients for Dough
1.6-1.8 lb/ 3 cups flour 00
3 tablespoons 6 % grape vinegar
5 tablespoons olive oil
1 teaspoon salt
1 egg
1 cup warm water
Ingredients for Filling
1 lb cabbages
2 carrots
2 onions
3 - 4 tablespoons olive oil
1 cup sour cream or cream for pouring
Cooking Instructions
Firefox is the second most popular web browser in the world and it continues to gain popularity and market share .
With this rapid growth many users , especially new users , are not aware of the wide range of useful Firefox keyboard shortcuts available .
These small combinations of keystrokes when used at the right time can be real productivity boosters .
Here are 30 Firefox keyboard shortcuts to help simplify and speed up your daily browsing .
Even Firefox veterans may find these useful .
Many of the shortcuts will be a combination of keystrokes .
For example “ Ctrl + C ” means that you should hold down the Ctrl ( control ) key and press the letter “ C ” .
Use the lowercase letters not uppercase , if using the shift key is need it will be indicated as “ Shift ” .
Also be sure to check out some other shortcut posts : Gmail – 45 Timesaving Keyboard Shortcuts , 35 Internet Explorer Keyboard Shortcuts , 70 Google Chrome Shortcuts , and 8 Easy , Often Forgotten , Windows Keyboard Shortcuts .
Page Navigation Shortcuts
These shortcuts allow you to navigate quickly around a web page , most with only a single keystroke .
Spacebar —
Page down one full screen at a time
— Page down one full screen at a time Shift – Spacebar — Page up one full screen at a time
— Page up one full screen at a time Down Arrow – Scroll down
– Scroll down Page Down —
Page down one full screen at a time
— Page down one full screen at a time Up Arrow — Scroll Up
— Scroll Up Page Up —
Page up one full screen at a time
— Page up one full screen at a time End —
Go to the Bottom ( end ) of the page
— Go to the Bottom ( end ) of the page Home — Go to the Top of page
Pages , Tabs and Bookmarks
These useful shortcuts help you quickly perform different common tasks within Firefox , manage Tabs and access bookmarks .
F5 — Reload the current page
— Reload the current page Alt +
Home —
Go to home page
— Go to home page Ctrl + L — Go to the Address bar
— Go to the Address bar Ctrl + K —
Go to the search box
— Go to the search box Ctrl + = —
Increase the text size , zoom in
— Increase the text size , zoom in Ctrl + – —
Decrease the text size , zoom out
— Decrease the text size , zoom out Ctrl + P — Print the current page
— Print the current page Ctrl +
H — Opens the Browsing History in a column on the left
— Opens the Browsing History in a column on the left Ctrl +
T — Open a new tab
— Open a new tab Ctrl +
W — Close current tab
— Close current tab Ctrl +
Tab — rotate forward to the next tab
— rotate forward to the next tab Ctrl +
Shft +
Tab — rotate back to the previous tab
— rotate back to the previous tab Ctrl +
1 - 9 — Choose a number to jump to that specific tab
— Choose a number to jump to that specific tab Ctrl +
B — Open Bookmarks Column on Left
— Open Bookmarks Column on Left Ctrl +
I — Close Bookmarks Column
— Close Bookmarks Column Ctrl +
D – Create a bookmark for the current page
Mouse Shortcuts
Here are six mouse - related shortcuts for when you already have your hand on the mouse .
These shortcuts include the scroll wheel and utilize the clicking function ( middle click ) of the scroll wheel .
Shift – scroll down –
Go to the previous page
– Go to the previous page Shift – scroll up – Go to the next page
– Go to the next page Ctrl – scroll up —
Decrease the text size , zoom out
— Decrease the text size , zoom out Ctrl – scroll down —
Increase text size , zoom in
— Increase text size , zoom in Middle click on link —
Open the link in a new tab
— Open the link in a new tab Middle click on a tab —
Close the tab
Keystroke shortcuts have been around for many years and Firefox takes useful browser shortcuts to a new level .
It may take a little adjusting to get used to using shortcuts but once you do they ’ll become second nature for speeding up your web browsing .
Give some of these FireFox shortcuts a try and you ’ll be amazed at how much they can speed up your browsing and enhance your productivity .
The likely new owner of the UK's Vauxhall , part of GM Europe , could be announced later today .
The fate of 5,500 workers , at plants including Ellesmere Port in Merseyside and Luton , rests on the decision .
The work to separate GM Europe from its US parent has already begun .
Opel , the German division of GM Europe , said that all the company 's European assets , including Vauxhall , had been transferred , debt - free , to Opel , which is GM Europe 's largest division , employing 25,000 people .
The German government is offering billions of euros of state aid to safeguard as many German jobs as possible .
The formal transfer of Vauxhall 's assets to Opel will reinforce fears expressed by union leaders and MPs in Britain that Vauxhall workers could lose out in the restructuring .
Earlier , the contest to take control of GM's European operations intensified at the 11th hour after China 's Beijing Automotive Industry Corp entered the fray .
BAIC has expressed an interest in acquiring the owner of Opel , according to reports , hours ahead of today 's deadline to choose a buyer for the business .
However , it is understood that the approach by China 's fifth largest carmaker , made one day after the final bidding deadline , has yet to crystallise into a formal offer .
BAIC is competing with Italy 's Fiat , private equity firm Ripplewood Holdings and Canadian parts maker Magna , which emerged as the favourite this week following expressions of support from German politicians .
The German government is a key player in the future ownership of GM Europe because it is providing billions of euros in emergency financing to whoever acquires the business , which owns four factories in Germany and employs 50,000 people in Europe .
Magna has received the backing of German politicians after pledging to save as many German jobs as possible – a pledge that was later matched by Fiat .
The German economy minister , Karl - Theodor zu Guttenberg , said this week that there was " signalled interest from China " which is believed to focus on importing Opel cars and technology to China , where they would compete with vehicles already being built by GM , one of the country 's biggest carmakers despite its problems in the US .
GM has been forced to put its European operations up for sale amid looming bankruptcy proceedings .
The group could file for Chapter 11 protection from creditors before the end of the month as a slump in sales overwhelms its lumbering cost base and debt - burdened balance sheet .
Germany 's influence over the sale process has stoked doubts in the UK about the future of Vauxhall .
Trade union leaders and MPs warned on Tuesday that Vauxhall 's 5,000 British workers feared they would lose out to their German counterparts in the deal , after Magna and Fiat made overt promises about jobs in Opel 's main European base .
Tony Woodley , the joint general secretary of the Unite union , warned that one or both of GM's two Vauxhall plants in the UK would close if Fiat was selected .
It has also emerged that as recently as the weekend , British ministers did not know whether the three bidders were planning to save or scrap the UK plants at Ellesmere Port and Luton .
Lord Mandelson , the business secretary , has met the three bidders and told them he expected them to commit to the UK .
Despite this , the government has not offered the companies any financial backing to keep the plants open and no application has been made by any bidder for loan guarantees under the government 's £ 2.3 bn aid package for the motor industry .
Any grant is likely to be made only once the German government 's plans become clear .
Following on from Barack Obama 's speech in Cairo , this weekend it was the turn of Israeli prime minister Binyamin Netanyahu to stake out his vision for a way forward in the peace process with the Palestinians .
Ever since Netanyahu announced that he would be making an important speech , there had been plenty of speculation about its content .
Netanyahu's hard - right coalition allies desperately lobbied the PM to stick to his " principles " and some of them expressed confidence that the address would end up being satisfactory to their constituencies .
The typical build - up spin was that Netanyahu was feeling " the heat " from both Washington and his rightwing government .
In the end , there was nothing surprising about the speech .
EU policy chief Javier Solana was told on Friday by Netanyahu that Israel 's " security demands " with regards to Palestinian statehood included " demilitarisation , control of air space and control of border crossings " .
Interior minister Eli Yishai had also already said how he expected Netanyahu to be " very general " and focus on " Israel 's security needs " .
The strategy of demanding Palestinian recognition of Israel as a Jewish state had already been voiced , and of course , a truncated , less - than - sovereign Palestinian " state " has been a standard Israeli position for some time .
One commentator had surmised beforehand that Netanyahu would " use the term ' Palestinian state ' as the wrapper for his own , far more restricted conception of Palestinian sovereignty " , embracing " a limited , conditional version of the two - state solution " .
Netanyahu's main focus was to stake out these two " principles " for the peace process with the Palestinians : the recognition of Israel as a Jewish state and a guarantee that a Palestinian state would be demilitarised .
This first " condition " , that the Palestinians " recognise Israel as a Jewish state " was posited by Netanyahu as both the root of the conflict , and also as the key for unlocking a " true final settlement " .
He bemoaned the fact that " even the Palestinian moderates wo n't say the most simple statement – Israel is the Jewish national state , and will remain such " .
This principle is intended to act as an insurmountable obstacle for Palestinians , as well as create a lot of irrelevant , propagandist fluff about the inability of Arabs to recognise the " Jewish presence " in the Middle East .
As Netanyahu noted , " even " Mahmoud Abbas and the senior Fatah leadership do not consider recognising Israel as a Jewish state as on the " agenda " .
So it is worth thinking about why this is such an unacceptable demand – a thought process Netanyahu may regret encouraging .
When Netanyahu and those who think similarly state that the " Land of Israel " is " the homeland of the Jewish people " , it is clear that the Palestinian presence is at best to be tolerated ( depending on " good behaviour " ) .
But demanding that the Palestinians themselves recognise Israel 's " right " to exist as a Jewish state is asking them :
... to acknowledge that it was and is morally right to do all the things that were and are necessary for the establishment of a Jewish state in Palestine , even though these necessary things include their own displacement , dispossession and disenfranchisement .
Hardly a surprise , then , that Palestinians consider this condition absurd .
But Netanyahu's talk of a Palestinian state – apparently " groundbreaking ' " – also served to provide the second condition for advancing with a negotiated settlement .
Superficially , at least , the principle of a demilitarised Palestinian state is intended to sound " reasonable " , couched as it is in " security needs " ; but again , Israel 's colonial mentality is demonstrated .
Netanyahu's idea of a Palestinian state sounds like " a flag and currency " and not much else .
Certainly no control over its own borders and no right to its own airspace , and all of this without even considering Israel 's intention to annex the settlement blocs .
Netanyahu made the important point that the content was more important than " terminology " .
There were other points of note – Netanyahu reiterated the completely untenable and illegal Israeli claim to a so - called " united Jerusalem " as Israel 's capital .
He affirmed that settlements would continue to grow " naturally " , and he rejected out of hand the Palestinian right of return .
Netanyahu's speech was designed to save him domestically without completely insulting the Obama administration .
Israeli media reports had already indicated that even within Likud , " Netanyahu would not have political trouble if he indirectly endorsed a two - state solution " since , as the prime minister noted , it is the nature of the " state " that matters more than the word .
It is clear that Netanyahu 's vision will block any advancement of a peace process that was already on its deathbed .
As reactions to the speech came in , Abbas 's spokesman Nabil Abu Rdainah said that the Israeli leader had " sabotaged all initiatives " and " paralysed all efforts " .
All of the Palestinian factions had already expressed their belief that the speech would offer nothing new , and negotiator Saeb Erekat described the address as a " slap in the face " for Obama 's plan .
The Ha'aretz website 's " live blogging " of the speech concluded with this wry summary of Netanyahu 's policy towards the Palestinians : " It seemed to be no to dividing Jerusalem , no to the return of refugees or an independent state and no to a real settlement freeze .
But you 'll be well - off and taken care of . "
This is a recipe for a new intifada , not peace .
Ironically , Netanyahu concluded by citing from the Biblical prophet Isaiah , looking forward to a future when " nation will not take up sword against nation " .
Unfortunately for both Israelis and Palestinians , he missed a more appropriate verse ; it is only " justice " that " will produce lasting peace and security " .
In a bid to educate pirates , copyright holders hire companies such as BayTSP to track down people who share their titles on P2P networks .
The alleged infringers then receive a warning and are given the opportunity to resolve the issue .
However , this system is vulnerable to abuse and therefore completely useless .
Companies like BayTSP have the honorable task of joining BitTorrent swarms and other file - sharing networks looking out for copyright infringers .
When someone shares a piece of a copyrighted file with them , they log the IP - address , look up the ISP and send out a copyright infringement notice automatically .
These notices usually list details about the infringing file , the person ’s IP - address and the time the infringement was recorded .
In addition , BayTSP includes a link to a response form where you can indicate whether or not you will comply and remove the file from your computer .
The problem with these response forms is that they are not very secure .
If you get a notice from BayTSP , someone else can easily find it through Google for example , and fake a response in your place .
There is no way for them to tell who responded to the complaint unless the response originates from the IP - address linked to the infringement .
Google Copyright Warnings
Perhaps even worse , anyone can send out a fake e-mail to someone claiming to be BayTSP .
XSS vulnerabilities on the site make it pretty easy to fabricate fake complaints and convince innocent people that to avoid court they have to download trojans , or perhaps even enter credit card details to pay a small fine .
BayTSP told TorrentFreak that they are looking into the XSS issues , hopefully to solve the problem .
They also admitted that their response forms are flawed , that everyone can indeed fill out the response form , and that they ca n’t be sure that the person who responded to it actually received the notice .
We concluded from this that the response form ( and thus the warnings ) are completely useless , but BayTSP disagreed with this assessment .
“ We ’ll have to agree to disagree on this one , ” was their final response after having exchanged some arguments back and forth .
For those people in receipt of an infringement notice it might be good to know that their case becomes closed as soon as they indicate that they have removed the infringing file from their computer .
Easy as that .
Those who do not comply will receive additional notices until they do so .
Smoke stacks from the NRG power plant located just outside of Jewett , Texas tower over a highway .
House passes climate change bill
Democrats narrowly passed historic climate and energy legislation Friday evening that would transform the country ’s economy and industrial landscape .
But the all - hands - on - deck effort to protect politically vulnerable Democrats by corralling the minimum number of votes to pass the bill , 219 - 212 , proves that there are limits to President Barack Obama 's ability to use his popularity to push through his legislative agenda .
Forty - four Democrats voted against the bill , while just eight Republicans crossed the aisle to back it .
Advertisement
Despite the tough path to passage , the legislation is a significant win for House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Ca. ) and the bill ’s two main sponsors – House Energy and Commerce committee chairman Henry Waxman ( D - Ca. ) and Massachusetts Rep. Edward Markey ( D ) – who modified the bill again and again to get skeptical members from the Rust Belt , the oil - producing southeast and rural Midwest to back the legislation .
“ We passed transformational legislation which takes us into the future , ” Pelosi said at a press conference following the vote , after she and other leaders took congratulatory phone calls from Obama , former Vice President Al Gore and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid .
“ It has been an incredible six months , to go from a point where no one believed we could pass this legislation to a point now where we can begin to say that we are going to send president Obama to Copenhagen in December as the leader of the of the world on climate change , ” said Markey , referring to world climate talks scheduled this winter .
After months of negotiations , 211 Democrats and eight Republicans voted for the bill of more than 1,200 pages , setting the legislation on a path towards the Senate .
There , it faces a far more uncertain future given the opposition of key moderates and the already - heated battle over health care .
Republicans are sure to try and use against other Democrats in 2010 , with accusations that they raised electricity bills for already - strapped consumers in the midst of a deep recession .
Indeed , the National Republican Congressional Committee wasted little time before blasting out a press release targeting more than two dozen Democrats for supporting “ Democrats ’ ongoing crusade against economic recovery . ”
“ I ’m in a tough spot .
I really am , ” Rep. John Salazar ( D - Colo. ) , one of the Democrats who opposed the bill , said before the vote , citing his fears the legislation could raise energy costs and hurt the coal industry in his low - income , rural district .
“ Either way I ’m going to get creamed . ”
Democratic leadership attempted to protect their most vulnerable freshman by cajoling yes votes from more senior members such as Lloyd Doggett of Texas .
Doggett announced his change of heart from “ strong objection ” earlier in the day during the final stage of the floor debate .
Doggett told POLITICO that he made his switch after speaking to Obama and having lengthy conversations with Waxman , Markey , Gore and Pelosi , but ultimately , he decided to support the bill so he could have a seat at the negotiating table when California Sen.
Barbara Boxer introduces it in the Senate later this summer .
“ It has been a difficult and significant decision , ” Doggett said .
“ I just decided that I will have a better chance to make changes later in the process if I acted in good faith now .
But do n't think this means I 'm signing off on the conference report , ” he said .
When the bill passed , the chamber erupted in applause , and colleagues shook Markey and Waxman 's hands .
Even some Republicans clapped , mocking the Democrats for casting what they deemed a politically unpopular vote .
The vote itself proceeded with much less drama than hung in the chamber for most of the day leading up to the much anticipated roll call ; Democrats looked relieved and Republicans resigned as they watched votes register on the big board above the House floor .
Fence - sitting Republicans such as Washington Rep. Dave Reichert and New Jersey Rep. Leonard Lance waited to vote “ yes ” on the bill , in a game of chicken with moderate Democrats .
Many of those moderate Democrats , like freshman Rep. Bobby Bright of Alabama , also waited until the end of the roll call to cast votes against the package .
In the end , Democrats had the votes they needed , and many veteran moderates were able to cast votes against the bill without hanging junior Democrats out to dry .
One possible exception – Maryland Rep. Frank Kratovil , a freshman – accepted handshakes from colleagues after casting an early vote in favor of the package .
The debate leading up to the vote was nevertheless intense .
Democrats touted the legislation as a measure that would improve national security , create jobs , protect the environment and reestablish the United States as a world leader .
Republicans slammed the bill as an economic catastrophe .
“ I look forward to spending the next 100 years trying to fix this legislation , ” said California Republican Brian Bilbray .
“ This is the biggest job killing bill that ’s ever been on the floor of the House of Representatives .
Right here , this bill , ” said House Minority Leader John Boehner .
“ And I do n’t think that ’s what the American people want . ”
Donning reading glasses , Boehner then delayed the roll call vote by reading page - by - page through a 300 - page managers ’ amendment Democrats added at around 3 a.m. on Friday .
Boehner seemed to relish the hour - long stunt , picking out the bill ’s most obscure language and then pontificating about what it might – or might not – mean .
Republicans laughed along with him and roared with applause when he was done .
The complex bill mandates a 17 - percent cut in greenhouse gas emissions by 2020 and a 83 - percent cut by 2050 , reductions that will be accomplished by putting a price on carbon dioxide through a cap - and - trade system .
It mandates that 20 percent of electricity comes from renewable sources and increased energy efficiency by 2020 .
And the legislation gives electric utilities , coal plants , energy - intensive manufacturers , farmers , petroleum refiners , and other industries special protections to help them transition to new , less - fossil fuel - intensive ways of doing business .
It will also raise electricity prices for consumers by $ 175 a year per household by 2020 , according to a report by the Congressional Budget Office , significantly less than the $ 3,000 price hike predicted by Republicans who say the “ energy tax ” will increase energy bills and the cost of consumer goods .
Obama praised the House for taking a “ bold and necessary step , ” then wasted no time in turning up the heat on the upper chamber .
“ Now it 's up to the Senate to take the next step .
And I 'm confident that in the coming weeks and months the Senate will demonstrate the same commitment to addressing what is a tremendous challenge and an extraordinary opportunity , ” he said in a statement .
The White House played a significant role in drumming up support for the legislation , which is a key piece of the administration ’s first - year agenda .
The administration is under pressure to make significant progress towards cutting greenhouse gas emissions before the Copenhagen international climate talks next December .
A long list of Cabinet secretaries , key staffers and even Obama himself lobbied undecided members .
Gore , the don of the climate - change world , spent several days calling on the fence lawmakers .
The legislation spilt both the environmental and business communities .
Although environmentalists have pushed for stricter controls on greenhouse - gas emissions for more than a decade , more left - wing groups like Greenpeace wanted stronger emissions reductions and fewer protections for greenhouse - gas guzzling industries like coal .
While some electric utilities , auto manufacturers , and Fortune 500 companies supported the bill , large business associations like the Chamber of Commerce argued that it would impose a crippling regulatory burden on the economy that would push factories and jobs abroad .
The House chamber took on the feeling of a momentous vote on Friday , with lobbyists , administration officials and even the stray senator –in this case , Udall – working the hallways off the floor to convince fence sitters in one direction or another .
After the rule vote , Markey quickly collared Holt for a brief conversation .
“ We are fond of seeing headlines that say this is the Democrats ’ toughest challenge yet , ” said House Whip James Clyburn , tweaking the media ’s hyperbole .
“ Well , today that what quite true . ”
He joined many other Democrats in giving the ultimate credit to Pelosi making the difference on the vote .
“ Nancy Pelosi was the whip on this , ” he said .
-- Victoria McGrane contributed to this story .
When you are fighting to protect your rights , there is no substitute for attorneys who are committed to your cause .
At the Law Offices of Daniel Snyder , we have been standing up for victims of negligence and civil rights violations for more than 20 years .
We can help you after you have been involved in an accident , have suffered an injury , or if you have struggled with a violation of your rights .
We understand the commitment and trust that our clients place in us to protect their rights and seek justice for their injuries and losses .
Under the direction of trial attorney Daniel Snyder , our attorneys and professional staff work hard to provide the client services , legal advice , and representation worthy of that trust .
Russia ’s one - man stimulus machine rolls on :
The prime minister abruptly interrupted a meeting with senior retailers at the Moscow White House , the seat of the Russian government , to drag them on an impromptu visit to a nearby branch of the Perekrestok supermarket chain .
triding angrily through the aisles with a retinue of glum executives in tow , Mr Putin came to a halt in the supermarket ’s cold meat section and gesticulated towards a packet of sausages priced at just under £ 5 .
Rounding on Yuri Kobaladze , the chain ’s head of corporate relations , Mr Putin demanded : " Why do your sausages cost 240 roubles ?
Is that normal ? "
" But these are high quality sausages , " Mr Kobaladze replied , looking crestfallen .
With a look of relief crossing his face , the executive spotted some cheaper sausages .
" Look , these ones are just 49 roubles , " he said .
But the prime minister was not to be deterred .
" Too expensive , " he muttered , before conjuring up a price list from his pocket .
" I can show you your mark up .
Look at this kind of sausage .
You ’ve marked it up by 52 per cent . " [… ]
Having primed his victim , Mr Putin moved in for the kill .
Consulting his crib sheet , he pointed towards a packet of pork fillets .
" This is double the ( cost ) price , " he said to Mr Kobaladze .
" Is this normal ? "
" Is 120 per cent a high mark up ? " Mr Kobaladze responded timidly .
" Very high , " the prime minister said .
" It will be lowered tomorrow , " the executive replied .
On a speed date , men usually rotate around the room while women demurely receive them .
Each guy gets to chat with a woman for a few minutes , a timer goes off , and he gets up and moves on to the next seated damsel .
At the end of the night , every participant fills out a card that indicates who they ’d like to see again .
Study after study has found that women are pickier than men .
Women ’s choosiness has been long attributed to evolutionary theory .
The gist of it is that women are pickier than men because we ’re limited in the number of children we can produce .
Women invest more in each child than men do , and they take on the burden of pregnancy and ( at least traditionally ) child rearing .
With so much at stake in each pregnancy , and with the possibility ( at least before birth control ) that each mate could impregnate her , it makes sense that women are choosier when dating .
So what makes women less picky ?
A speed - dating study to be published this month offers some insight .
Psychologists Eli Finkel and Paul Eastwick at Northwestern University decided to shake things up a bit by making women rotate for a few sessions while men remained stationary .
And that , according to duo , made all the difference .
He found that , regardless of gender , people who were required to approach a date were less picky than people who were seated .
This was extraordinary .
For the first time in a dating experiment , women appeared to be no choosier than men .
Some readers have suggested that the study topples evolutionary theory .
Women are not actually choosier than men , they say ; we just have a long - standing cultural tradition for men to hit on women and women to choose whether or not to be receptive .
The way to make women less picky is to make them initiators .
From a psychological perspective , whoever makes the first move has more invested in a positive outcome .
If it were more culturally acceptable for women to make the first move , they say , women would be less selective .
I agree that investing effort in making a person like you will make you more receptive to that person .
You ’ve initiated the contact , so subconsciously you ’re rooting for rapport .
But I disagree that this speed - dating study poses any real threat to evolutionary theory .
And I offer an additional interpretation on why women on speed - dates are so much less selective when they are the approachers rather than the receivers : female rivalry ( and inflated mate value ) .
People are attracted to those who attract others .
I describe in BLONDES a few studies that found that women find a man more attractive when he’s in the company of a good - looking woman , or when he makes other women smile .
This increases his so - called mate value ( another tenet of sexual selection ) .
When shown alone or paired with a woman who appears uninterested in him , the man receives lower attractiveness ratings .
I propose that women are more receptive when they are the “ approachers ” because they ’re more actively competing with the other women in the room .
By circulating around the room they could see other women approaching the men they recently met .
The guys seemed more attractive because so many other women appeared interested in them .
While men who approach a new women every four minutes may well appear desperate , men who are approached by other women appear desired .
But how well do the men do on a second date all alone with a woman — no other fawning females ?
That , I think , is the real test .
To the Editor :
In your editorial “ Immigration : It ’s Time ” ( June 19 ) , you tar the people who oppose so - called comprehensive immigration reform as “ anti-amnesty posses ” and “ nativist dead - enders . “
I ’m sure you can take any policy and find nogoodniks who support it , but the merits or lack thereof are what should be important to your readers .
Here ’s some of the thinking that motivates me to oppose amnesty .
In 1971 , John P. Holdren , now President Obama ’s head of the Office of Science and Technology Policy and in 1975 a professor of mine at Berkeley , and Paul R. Ehrlich of Stanford University introduced an equation showing that human impact on the environment equals population times consumption per capita times technology .
According to the Pew Research Center , the population of the United States , the country with the largest per capita consumption , will grow from the current 306 million to 438 million in 2050 , and 82 percent of that growth will be due to mass immigration .
The environmental implications of that population growth are staggering .
Debate that .
HAVE YOU " LIKED " ROTTEN COMICS ON FACEBOOK ?
What are you waiting for ?!
Go right HERE !
Rotten is creator - owned and independent , so we need your help spreading the filth !
Agents Wade and Flynn have been on a little hiatus , but they 'll return .
They 've got a mission to finish .
The more fan support they get , the sooner they 'll be back in the saddle .
We thank you for your dirty Rotten support .
Mark Rahner and Robert Horton , stenographers
Rahner will be at the EMERALD CITY COMICON March 1 - 3 .
Table M-16
Dynamite booth ( 1802 ) signings : 3 - 4 p.m. Saturday and 1 - 3 p.m. Sunday .
Dynamite panel : 6:10 Saturday , Hall B .
FANGORIA MAGAZINE rediscovers ROTTEN , interviews Rahner about it and his equally objectionable Dynamite work .
Take it all in HERE .
ROTTEN SIGNING : Saturday 12-8 - 12 , Odyssey Comics and Coffee , Vancouver , Wash .
Rahner with Brandon Jerwa , Eric Trautmann , Greg Rucka and others .
JUST RELEASED : ROTTEN : THE LOST DIARY OF JOHN J. FLYNN , U.S. AGENT !
Order it from Moonstone Books , from Amazon or from your local comic shop .
OUT FINALLY : ROTTEN VOL .
2 : REVIVAL OF THE FITTEST !
INCLUDING THE NEVER -SEEN ISSUES 10 AND 11 !
" ROTTEN is a true crowd pleaser because it should satisfy any reader no matter what the expectations are going in . "
AIN'T IT COOL NEWS
AVAILABLE NOW : ROTTEN VOL .
1 : REACTIVATED - COLLECTING
THE FIRST SIX ISSUES .
WATCH THE NEW ROTTEN MUSIC VIDEO HERE :
ORDER THE ROTTEN TRADE PAPERBACK HERE !
DOWNLOAD ON iPHONE iPAD AND ONLINE HERE !
Featured in USA TODAY !
" A super - cool approach . "
FANGORIA
" A must - buy ... 5 George Romeros out of 5 . " Ai n't It Cool News
" One of the strongest and strangest concepts I 've ever heard , executed with horrific precision . "
ED BRUBAKER
" It 's Deadwood by way of Stephen King .
It 's Undeadwood .
It 's witty , it 's disturbing , and it's a must - read . "
MARK WAID
WHET YOUR ROTTEN APPETITE ON THIS !
The skeleton of a whale that died around 10,000 years ago has been found in connection with the extension of the E6 motorway in Strömstad .
The whale bones are now being examined by researchers at the University of Gothenburg who , among other things , want to ascertain whether the find is the mystical " Swedenborg whale " .
Similar to the " Swedenborg whale "
There are currently four species of right whale .
What is particularly interesting is that the size and shape of the whale bones resemble those of a fifth species : the mystical " Swedenborg whale " , first described by the scientist Emmanuel Swedenborg in the 18th century .
" Bones from what is believed to be Swedenborg 's right whale have previously been found in western Sweden .
However , determining the species of whale bones found in earth is complicated and there is no definitive conclusion on whether the whale actually existed , it could equally well be a myth , " says zoologist Thomas Dahlgren and his colleague Leif Jonsson .
DNA tests conducted
To determine the species of whale that has been found Thomas Dahlgren has conducted DNA tests that are to be analysed in conjunction with researchers at the Natural History Museum in London .
The whale bones are interesting in several respects .
The fragments of bone were collected in a clay deposit and remains of marine organisms that today are also endangered species were found around them .
" The hunt for the large whale species , which led to the extinction of the Atlantic grey whale and perhaps the Swedenborg whale , may also have caused the extinction of a large number of species that are dependent on whale carcasses for their survival , " says Thomas Dahlgren .
Preserved in clay
The whale bones are thought to be around 10,000 years old and were found 75 metres above sea level , but in a site that at that time was located out on the coast .
It is conjectured that the bones have been preserved for such a long time as they were surrounded by fine , oxygen - free clay .
The largest whale bone , approximately 2.5 metres long , is part of a jawbone .
Among the smaller bones is a vertebra .
Discussions are underway on whether the bones can be put in order and potentially put on public display .
Facts about the Swedenborg whale ( Balaena swedenbo´rgii )
The whale species is believed to have existed in the North Sea from the period when the inland ice melted until about 8,000 years ago , and subsequently to have died out .
Ten collections of bones from the species have been found in the west of Sweden .
However , there is speculation that the bones have been mistaken for other species , and that the Swedenborg whale never existed .
Source : Swedish National Encyclopedia
JERUSALEM , April 2 , 2009  -- Israel 's new foreign minister Avigdor Lieberman wasted no time in grabbing the headlines .
The controversial and ultra nationalist politician has a reputation as a hardliner and a tough talker .
He did n't disappoint on either front .
In his first speech to foreign ministry staffers Wednesday , with outgoing foreign minister Tzipi Livni looking on , he declared that the new government of Benjamin Netanyahu did not consider itself bound to the so - called Annapolis peace process .
That process was launched by President Bush in November 2007 and was formulated with the express goal of establishing the terms of a Palestinian state by the end of 2008 .
Although the ambitious deadline was missed , both sides , Israeli and Palestinian , conducted many rounds of detailed negotiations during the year .
It was considered the focal point of Middle East diplomacy .
It was the only game in town .
To tear up the script with such forceful language as Lieberman 's grabbed the headlines .
Lieberman continued : " Whoever thinks that he will achieve something by way of concessions , no , he will only invite more pressure and more wars .
If you want peace , prepare for war . "
His tone surprised even the Israeli diplomats in attendance .
After hearing his tirade Tzipi Livni is reported to have told Lieberman , " You 've convinced me that I was right not to join the government . "
She rejected a possible coalition partnership with Netanyahu 's Likud and other rightist parties , including Lieberman 's own Israel Our Home faction , when he refused to explicitly endorse the creation of a Palestinian state .
And that is the crux of the matter .
Does this new Israeli government dominated , but for the presence of Ehud Barak 's Labor Party , by right wing ideology , support a two state solution ?
The solution that is at the heart of U.S. policy ?
How Will the U.S. React ?
In all public statements so far , Netanyahu has stopped short of mentioning a Palentinian state .
Instead , he talks of economic development and the Palestinians ' governing themselves in some way .
He does n't mention Palestinians having their own state .
The Palestinians were quick to condemn Lieberman 's speech and appealed for U.S. help .
" He has slammed the door in the face of the U.S. and the international community , " said chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat .
" It seems to me that this is President Obama 's first real test . "
It 's not clear whether Obama and Netanyahu discussed the speech when the two spoke for 30 minutes on the phone Wednesday .
Israel 's media report that the two will meet face - to - face in early May , when Netanyahu flies to the United States to attend a meeting of AIPAC , the powerful Jewish lobbying organization .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in the meantime had her own phone call Thursday with Lieberman , her new opposite number .
According to Lieberman 's spokeswoman , the conversation was conducted in a " good atmosphere . "
The two hope to meet soon .
With such a glaring differences in policy emerging so soon it's not clear how long this " good atmosphere " will last .
The new TRX is Ram 's answer to the almighty Raptor .
How do they stack up on paper ?...
Even if rents and vacancies do n't totally collapse , the commercial real estate market may be in for violent upheaval , if only because there is n't enough available credit to deal with all the re-financings .
The New York Post runs down some of the grim numbers :
At the center of the worries is some $ 3.5 trillion in debt backed by everything from strip malls to offices and apartments across the nation -- the lion 's share of which is badly underwater because this recession followed a five - year commercial property boom fueled by easy money and loose underwriting standards .
Now the owners of the less - than - full malls , apartment complexes and office buildings are succumbing to the worst economic collapse since the Great Depression -- because they can't refinance the debt .
The commercial debt securitization market is dead .
" Because there is no securitization the system cannot process the wave of maturities coming due , " said Scott Latham , commercial property broker at Cushman & Wakefield .
" This is arguably the most important fact we 're going to be dealing with .
If there 's no mortgage market that can feed the machine you 're just not going to have deals , " he said .
" It 's going to be years before we recover and even when that happens we 're going to discover that we 're in a new paradigm , " Latham added .
About $ 1.4 trillion in real estate debt is set to mature over the next four years , with some $ 204 billion coming due this year alone .
From what we 've heard , it 's impossible to overstate how stingy commercial real estate lenders have become .
Even projects with very solid tenants and no indication of a drop - off are having a hard time rolling over their debt .
Still , there 's a difference between a homeowner going into foreclosure and a commercial real estate owner that still has paying tenants .
Whoever receives the property will still be seeing cash flow , and there 's a good chance it will have some value , rather than some house in the middle of nowhere , with no prospects of being sold , whose only realistic fate is a bulldozer .
The two men thought for a moment , then shouted out happily , in unison , “ One , two , three , ATTITUDE ! ”
That was it !
The whole Redwood City philosophy was based on a willingness to try harder than anyone else .
“ One time , some new girls joined the team , ” Ranadivé said , “ and so in the first practice I had I was telling them , ‘ Look , this is what we ’re going to do , ’ and I showed them .
I said , ‘ It ’s all about attitude . ’
And there was this one new girl on the team , and I was worried that she would n’t get the whole attitude thing .
Then we did the cheer and she said , ‘ No , no , it ’s not One , two three , ATTITUDE .
It ’s One , two , three , attitude HAH ’ ” — at which point Ranadivé and Craig burst out laughing .
In January of 1971 , the Fordham University Rams played a basketball game against the University of Massachusetts Redmen .
The game was in Amherst , at the legendary arena known as the Cage , where the Redmen had n’t lost since December of 1969 .
Their record was 11–1 .
The Redmen ’s star was none other than Julius Erving — Dr. J. The UMass team was very , very good .
Fordham , by contrast , was a team of scrappy kids from the Bronx and Brooklyn .
Their center had torn up his knee the first week of the season , which meant that their tallest player was six feet five .
Their starting forward — and forwards are typically almost as tall as centers — was Charlie Yelverton , who was six feet two .
But from the opening buzzer the Rams launched a full - court press , and never let up .
“ We jumped out to a thirteen - to - six lead , and it was a war the rest of the way , ” Digger Phelps , the Fordham coach at the time , recalls .
“ These were tough city kids .
We played you ninety - four feet .
We knew that sooner or later we were going to make you crack . ”
Phelps sent in one indefatigable Irish or Italian kid from the Bronx after another to guard Erving , and , one by one , the indefatigable Irish and Italian kids fouled out .
None of them were as good as Erving .
It did n’t matter .
Fordham won , 87–79 .
In the world of basketball , there is one story after another like this about legendary games where David used the full - court press to beat Goliath .
Yet the puzzle of the press is that it has never become popular .
People look at upsets like Fordham over UMass and call them flukes .
Basketball sages point out that the press can be beaten by a well - coached team with adept ball handlers and astute passers — and that is true .
Ranadivé readily admitted that all an opposing team had to do to beat Redwood City was press back : the girls were not good enough to handle their own medicine .
Playing insurgent basketball did not guarantee victory .
It was simply the best chance an underdog had of beating Goliath .
If Fordham had played UMass the conventional way , it would have lost by thirty points .
And yet somehow that lesson has escaped the basketball establishment .
What did Digger Phelps do , the season after his stunning upset of UMass ?
He never used the full - court press the same way again .
The UMass coach , Jack Leaman , was humbled in his own gym by a bunch of street kids .
Did he learn from his defeat and use the press himself the next time he had a team of underdogs ?
He did not .
The only person who seemed to have absorbed the lessons of that game was a skinny little guard on the UMass freshman team named Rick Pitino .
He did n’t play that day .
He watched , and his eyes grew wide .
Even now , thirty - eight years later , he can name , from memory , nearly every player on the Fordham team : Yelverton , Sullivan , Mainor , Charles , Zambetti .
“ They came in with the most unbelievable pressing team I ’d ever seen , ” Pitino said .
“ Five guys between six feet five and six feet .
It was unbelievable how they covered ground .
I studied it .
There is no way they should have beaten us .
Nobody beat us at the Cage . ”
Pitino became the head coach at Boston University in 1978 , when he was twenty - five years old , and used the press to take the school to its first N.C.A.A. tournament appearance in twenty - four years .
At his next head - coaching stop , Providence College , Pitino took over a team that had gone 11 – 20 the year before .
The players were short and almost entirely devoid of talent — a carbon copy of the Fordham Rams .
They pressed , and ended up one game away from playing for the national championship .
At the University of Kentucky , in the mid-nineteen - nineties , Pitino took his team to the Final Four three times — and won a national championship — with full - court pressure , and then rode the full - court press back to the Final Four in 2005 , as the coach at the University of Louisville .
This year , his Louisville team entered the N.C.A.A. tournament ranked No. 1 in the land .
College coaches of Pitino ’s calibre typically have had numerous players who have gone on to be bona - fide all - stars at the professional level .
In his many years of coaching , Pitino has had one , Antoine Walker .
It does n’t matter .
Every year , he racks up more and more victories .
“ The greatest example of the press I ’ve ever coached was my Kentucky team in ’ 96 , when we played L.S.U. , ” Pitino said .
He was at the athletic building at the University of Louisville , in a small room filled with television screens , where he watches tapes of opponents ’ games .
“ Do we have that tape ? ” Pitino called out to an assistant .
He pulled a chair up close to one of the monitors .
The game began with Kentucky stealing the ball from L.S.U. , deep in L.S.U.’s end .
Immediately , the ball was passed to Antoine Walker , who cut to the basket for a layup .
L.S.U. got the ball back .
Kentucky stole it again .
Another easy basket by Walker .
“ Walker had almost thirty points at halftime , ” Pitino said .
“ He dunked it almost every time .
When we steal , he just runs to the basket . ”
The Kentucky players were lightning quick and long - armed , and swarmed around the L.S.U. players , arms flailing .
It was mayhem .
Five minutes in , it was clear that L.S.U. was panicking .
“ I ’m cutting articles out of the newspaper while we still can . ” Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
Pitino trains his players to look for what he calls the “ rush state ” in their opponents — that moment when the player with the ball is shaken out of his tempo— and L.S.U. could not find a way to get out of the rush state .
“ See if you find one play that L.S.U. managed to run , ” Pitino said .
You could n’t .
The L.S.U. players struggled to get the ball inbounds , and , if they did that , they struggled to get the ball over mid-court , and on those occasions when they managed both those things they were too overwhelmed and exhausted to execute their offense the way they had been trained to .
“ We had eighty - six points at halftime , ” Pitino went on — eighty - six points being , of course , what college basketball teams typically score in an entire game .
“ And I think we ’d forced twenty - three turnovers at halftime , ” twenty - three turnovers being what college basketball teams might force in two games .
“ I love watching this , ” Pitino said .
He had a faraway look in his eyes .
“ Every day , you dream about getting a team like this again . ”
So why are there no more than a handful of college teams who use the full - court press the way Pitino does ?
Arreguín - Toft found the same puzzling pattern .
When an underdog fought like David , he usually won .
But most of the time underdogs did n’t fight like David .
Of the two hundred and two lopsided conflicts in Arreguín - Toft ’s database , the underdog chose to go toe to toe with Goliath the conventional way a hundred and fifty - two times — and lost a hundred and nineteen times .
In 1809 , the Peruvians fought the Spanish straight up and lost ; in 1816 , the Georgians fought the Russians straight up and lost ; in 1817 , the Pindaris fought the British straight up and lost ; in the Kandyan rebellion of 1817 , the Sri Lankans fought the British straight up and lost ; in 1823 , the Burmese chose to fight the British straight up and lost .
The list of failures was endless .
In the nineteen - forties , the Communist insurgency in Vietnam bedevilled the French until , in 1951 , the Viet Minh strategist Vo Nguyen Giap switched to conventional warfare — and promptly suffered a series of defeats .
George Washington did the same in the American Revolution , abandoning the guerrilla tactics that had served the colonists so well in the conflict ’s early stages .
“ As quickly as he could , ” William Polk writes in “ Violent Politics , ” a history of unconventional warfare , Washington “ devoted his energies to creating a British - type army , the Continental Line .
As a result , he was defeated time after time and almost lost the war . ”
It makes no sense , unless you think back to that Kentucky - L.S.U. game and to Lawrence ’s long march across the desert to Aqaba .
It is easier to dress soldiers in bright uniforms and have them march to the sound of a fife - and - drum corps than it is to have them ride six hundred miles through the desert on the back of a camel .
It is easier to retreat and compose yourself after every score than swarm about , arms flailing .
We tell ourselves that skill is the precious resource and effort is the commodity .
It ’s the other way around .
Effort can trump ability — legs , in Saxe ’s formulation , can overpower arms — because relentless effort is in fact something rarer than the ability to engage in some finely tuned act of motor coördination .
“ I have so many coaches come in every year to learn the press , ” Pitino said .
Louisville was the Mecca for all those Davids trying to learn how to beat Goliaths .
“ Then they e-mail me .
They tell me they ca n’t do it .
They do n’t know if they have the bench .
They do n’t know if the players can last . ”
Pitino shook his head .
“ We practice every day for two hours straight , ” he went on .
“ The players are moving almost ninety - eight per cent of the practice .
We spend very little time talking .
When we make our corrections ” — that is , when Pitino and his coaches stop play to give instruction — “ they are seven - second corrections , so that our heart rate never rests .
We are always working . ”
Seven seconds !
The coaches who came to Louisville sat in the stands and watched that ceaseless activity and despaired .
The prospect of playing by David ’s rules was too daunting .
They would rather lose .
In 1981 , a computer scientist from Stanford University named Doug Lenat entered the Traveller Trillion Credit Squadron tournament , in San Mateo , California .
It was a war game .
The contestants had been given several volumes of rules , well beforehand , and had been asked to design their own fleet of warships with a mythical budget of a trillion dollars .
The fleets then squared off against one another in the course of a weekend .
“ Imagine this enormous auditorium area with tables , and at each table people are paired off , ” Lenat said .
“ The winners go on and advance .
The losers get eliminated , and the field gets smaller and smaller , and the audience gets larger and larger . ”
Lenat had developed an artificial - intelligence program that he called Eurisko , and he decided to feed his program the rules of the tournament .
Lenat did not give Eurisko any advice or steer the program in any particular strategic direction .
He was not a war - gamer .
He simply let Eurisko figure things out for itself .
For about a month , for ten hours every night on a hundred computers at Xerox PARC , in Palo Alto , Eurisko ground away at the problem , until it came out with an answer .
Most teams fielded some version of a traditional naval fleet — an array of ships of various sizes , each well defended against enemy attack .
Eurisko thought differently .
“ The program came up with a strategy of spending the trillion on an astronomical number of small ships like P.T. boats , with powerful weapons but absolutely no defense and no mobility , ” Lenat said .
“ They just sat there .
Basically , if they were hit once they would sink .
And what happened is that the enemy would take its shots , and every one of those shots would sink our ships .
But it did n’t matter , because we had so many . ”
Lenat won the tournament in a runaway .
The next year , Lenat entered once more , only this time the rules had changed .
Fleets could no longer just sit there .
Now one of the criteria of success in battle was fleet “ agility . ”
Eurisko went back to work .
“ What Eurisko did was say that if any of our ships got damaged it would sink itself — and that would raise fleet agility back up again , ” Lenat said .
Eurisko won again .
Eurisko was an underdog .
The other gamers were people steeped in military strategy and history .
They were the sort who could tell you how Wellington had outfoxed Napoleon at Waterloo , or what exactly happened at Antietam .
They had been raised on Dungeons and Dragons .
They were insiders .
Eurisko , on the other hand , knew nothing but the rule book .
It had no common sense .
As Lenat points out , a human being understands the meaning of the sentences “ Johnny robbed a bank .
He is now serving twenty years in prison , ” but Eurisko could not , because as a computer it was perfectly literal ; it could not fill in the missing step — “ Johnny was caught , tried , and convicted . ” Eurisko was an outsider .
But it was precisely that outsiderness that led to Eurisko ’s victory : not knowing the conventions of the game turned out to be an advantage .
Welcome to IMNatural.com Relax , Shop ... Be Natural
IMNatural is a family - owned business offering a full spectrum of natural solutions for your life .
We pride ourselves on providing outstanding customer service and satisfaction .
Please do n't hesitate to call us to place your order , or to ask any questions you may have .
We look forward to speaking with you .
( CNN ) --
Unless lawmakers agree on how to close the budget gap , California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger says he refuses to borrow money to keep the state running in the face of a $ 24.3 billion budget deficit and a new fiscal year on the horizon .
" We need to just basically cut off all the funding and just let them have a taste of what it is like when the state comes to a shutdown -- grinding halt , " Schwarzenegger said outside the state capital late Wednesday .
High - interest , short - term emergency borrowing is too expensive , he said , adding that borrowing money would tell legislators they do n't have to worry about it now .
Schwarzenegger said voters made it clear in last month 's special election that they did not want lawmakers to raise taxes or borrow money to balance the budget , so he has proposed spending cuts that will first affect high - profile budget drainers , including education , health care and corrections .
State Controller John Chaing said a budget must be in place by the start of the fiscal year July 1 so he can borrow money , otherwise California will run out of money by the end of July .
All About Arnold Schwarzenegger • California
›
›
›
I put a pidgit in your widget so you can fidget while you calculate pi
5 Marvel Video Games That The World Needs Right Now
2:44 pm GMT GeSHi - Generic Syntax Highlighter
Latest News News Archive Random Screenshot
Demonstration
Language : GADV 4CS MOS 6502 ( 6510 ) ACME Cross Assembler format MOS 6502 ( 6510 ) Kick Assembler format MOS 6502 ( 6510 ) TASM / 64TASS 1.46 Assembler format Motorola 68000 - HiSoft Devpac ST 2 Assembler format ABAP ActionScript ActionScript 3 Ada AIMMS3 ALGOL 68 Apache configuration AppleScript Apt sources ARM ASSEMBLER ASM ASP asymptote Autoconf Autohotkey AutoIt AviSynth awk BASCOM AVR Bash Basic4GL Windows Batch file Brainfuck BibTeX BibTeX BlitzBasic bnf Boo C C ( LoadRunner ) C ( Mac ) C ( WinAPI ) CAD DCL CAD Lisp Ceylon CFDG ColdFusion ChaiScript Chapel CIL Clojure CMake COBOL CoffeeScript C++ C++ ( Qt ) C++ ( WinAPI ) C# CSS Cuesheet D Dart DCL DCPU - 16 Assembly DCS Delphi Diff DIV DOS dot E ECMAScript Eiffel eMail ( mbox ) EPC Erlang Euphoria EZT Formula One Falcon FO ( abas - ERP ) Fortran FreeBasic FreeSWITCH F# GAMBAS GDB genero Genie GNU Gettext glSlang GML Gnuplot Go Groovy GwBasic Haskell Haxe HicEst HQ9 + HTML HTML5 Icon Uno Idl INI Inno INTERCAL Io ISPF Panel J Java Java( TM ) 2 Platform Standard Edition 5.0 Javascript JCL jQuery Julia KiXtart KLone C KLone C++ Kotlin LaTeX Liberty BASIC LDIF Lisp LLVM Intermediate Representation Locomotive Basic Logtalk LOLcode Lotus Notes @ Formulas LotusScript LScript LSL2 Lua Motorola 68000 Assembler MagikSF GNU make MapBasic Mathematica Matlab M Mercury MetaPost mIRC Scripting МК -61/52 MMIX Modula - 2 Modula - 3 Microchip Assembler MXML MySQL Nagios NetRexx newlisp nginx Nimrod NSIS Oberon - 2 Objective - C Objeck Programming Language OCaml OCaml ( brief ) GNU / Octave OpenOffice.org Basic ooRexx Oracle 11 SQL Oracle 8 SQL Oxygene OZ ParaSail PARI / GP Pascal PCRE per Perl Perl 6 OpenBSD Packet Filter Phix PHP PHP ( brief ) PIC16 Pike Pixel Bender 1.0 PL / I PL / SQL PostgreSQL PostScript POVRAY PowerBuilder PowerShell ProFTPd configuration Progress Prolog PROPERTIES
ProvideX PureBasic Python ( console mode ) Python for S60 Python q/kdb+ QBasic / QuickBASIC QML Racket Rails RBScript REBOL Microsoft Registry rexx robots .
txt roff RPM Specification File R / S+ Ruby Rust SAS Sass Scala Scheme SciLab SCL sdlBasic Smalltalk Smarty SPARK SPARQL SQL sshconfig StandardML StoneScript Swift SystemVerilog TCL TCLEGG Tera Term Macro TeXgraph
Text thinBasic T - SQL Twig TypoScript Unicon ( Unified Extended Dialect of Icon ) UPC Urbi Unreal Script Vala Visual Basic vb.net VBScript Vedit macro language Verilog VHDL Vim Script Visual Fox Pro Visual Prolog Whitespace Whois ( RPSL format ) Winbatch Wolfram XBasic XML Xojo Xorg configuration X++ YAML ZiLOG Z80 Assembler ZXBasic Runtime Example --
-- SQL example for GeSHi
--
DROP TABLE IF EXISTS foo ;
CREATE TABLE foo (
id INT ( 11 ) NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT ,
characters INT ( 11 ) DEFAULT '0 ' ,
time_taken DOUBLE DEFAULT NULL ,
language_used VARCHAR ( 100 ) DEFAULT NULL ,
SOURCE text ,
time_highlighted datetime DEFAULT NULL ,
PRIMARY KEY ( id )
) TYPE = MyISAM ;
Originally Posted by pluckypigeon Originally Posted by
If you get guitar pro 5 working through wine that 's a good one .. it 's not open source though .
I 've seen a howto on how to install it somewhere in this forum
Mr Davies says he wants to stamp out political correctness
The newly - elected mayor of Doncaster has threatened to cut funding to the town 's Gay Pride event as part of his pledge to fight political correctness .
Peter Davies , of the English Democrats , said : " My policy on gays and lesbians is very simple .
" I do n't think councils should be spending money on them parading through town advertising their sexuality . "
Doncaster Pride said the event , which attracts up to 8,000 people , would still take place on 16 August .
A statement from the Doncaster Pride Committee said : " We believe everyone has a right to their opinion and if the newly elected mayor of Doncaster holds personal opinions about the staging of a Pride event in the borough we feel he is entitled to that view .
The simple message is the show goes on ... with or without support from Doncaster council
Doncaster Pride statement " However , in the last two years we have brought over 6,000 visitors into Doncaster and anticipate an audience this year of up to 8,000 .
" These people spend money in Doncaster and come to enjoy a great day out . "
The organisers said they had received " massive support " from other agencies , including South Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service , South Yorkshire Police , the Home Office and a number of trade unions .
" The simple message is the show goes on .
We as a committee are resolute in our aims to bring this event to Doncaster and will do so with or without support from Doncaster council . "
Mr Davies said : " I have nothing whatsoever against gays and lesbians , what they do in their private lives is absolutely fine .
" But I do n't see why councils should be spending money on that sort of thing . "
Mr Davies has also stated he intends to cut funding for translation services for non-English speakers in the borough .
The English Democrats say they want " English freedoms and values , not multiculturalism " .
They also advocate withdrawal from the European Union , the " right to enjoy and celebrate Englishness " , an end to political correctness and an end to mass immigration .
Party chairman Robin Tilbrook said : " Peter has done fantastically well , he 's fought a great campaign on the issues that really matter .
" This is not only a great result for the people of Doncaster , it 's a great result for the people of England too .
Peter is now truly the Boris Johnson of the north . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Church Sues After Being â€ œTerrorizedâ€ by Gay Activists Kissing
A right - wing Christian group and an anti-gay Michigan church are suing gay activists who “ terrorized ” the congregation by protesting , distributing leaflets and kissing .
The far - right Alliance Defense Fund is taking on the lawsuit on behalf of Delta Township ’s Mount Hope Church , which was “ invaded ” by queers in November .
Accounts of the day differ , of course , but they go something like this : Local activists affiliated with the Bash Back !
protested the church , wearing pink bandanas and chanting slogans including “ Jesus was a homo ” .
That was all just a distraction , though , so other activists wearing their Sunday - best could proceed inside unnoticed .
When security guards were lured outside because of the loud protest , two women went to the front of the sanctuary and began kissing , while others threw leaflets over the balcony and unfurled a banner that read , “ IT’S OKAY TO BE GAY ! BASH BACK ! ”
The criminal complaint against Bash Back says church members were “ terrorized by the Defendants ’ conduct inside the church , ” and that they felt the queers “ might be violent . ”
[ Interestingly , the next paragraph notes that the defendant ’s agreed to move their protest at the request of the pastor .
Not exactly “ terrorizing ” behavior . ]
Perhaps my favorite reaction to all of this has been from Catholic League president Bill Donohue :
“ If an organized group of gay bashers stormed a gay church , there is not a single sentient person in the United States who would n’t know about it .
This is urban fascism come to America ’s heartland . ”
Urban fascism ?
If gay bashers “ stormed a gay church , ” it would be to use physical violence against people because of who they are .
That ’s much different than gay activists using non-violent protest to challenge the ideology that fuels gay bashing ( an ideology we could label “ suburban fascism , ” if we ’re adopting Donohue ’s terminology ) .
Nevertheless , according to the Alliance Defense Fund , this “ revealed how dangerous the homosexual agenda is . ”
Hmm .
You want to talk about “ dangerous ” ?
“ Dangerous ” is not queer kids kissing .
“ Dangerous ” is racists opening fire at a museum .
“ Dangerous ” is right - wingers , espousing many of the same anti-gay , fundamentalist Christian views as these plaintiffs , murdering people .
Earth occulting the Sun , seen from Apollo 12 ( source ) .
The year 1995 fades into increasingly ancient history , but I vividly remember the excitement surrounding Mayor and Queloz ’s Nature article describing the discovery of 51 Peg b.
Back in the day , the idea of a Jovian planet roasting in a 4.2 - day orbit was outlandish to the edge of credibility .
In the five years following the Mayor - Queloz paper , four additional Doppler - wobble planets with periods less than a week ( Ups And b , Tau Boo b , HD 187123 b , and HD 75289b ) were announced .
Each one orbited close enough to its parent star to have a significant a- priori probability of transiting , and by mid-1999 , the summed expectation for the number of transiting planets grew to N=0.68 .
Each new planet - bearing star was monitored for transits , and each star came up flat .
Non-planet explanations for the radial velocity variations gained credence .
The “ planets ” were due to stellar oscillations .
The “ planets ” were actually mostly brown dwarfs or low - mass stars on orbits lying almost in the plane of the sky .
The discovery of HD 209458 b , the first transiting extrasolar planets was therefore a huge deal .
Instantly , the hot Jupiters gained true planetary status .
There ’s a huge leap from a mass - times - a - sine - of - an - inclination to density , temperature , composition , weather .
209458 was the moment when the study of alien solar systems kicked into high gear .
At the moment , we ’re within a year of getting news of the first Earth - mass planet orbiting a solar - type star .
It ’s effectively a coin flip whether the announcement will come from Kepler or from the radial velocity surveys .
In either case , the first Earth will likely be too hot for habitability , but within a few years we ’ll be seeing genuinely habitable , multi-million dollar worlds .
Kepler , for one , will deliver them in bulk .
Enter the TESS mission .
Here ’s the scoop :
The TESS satellite consists of six wide - field cameras placed on a satellite in low - Earth orbit .
If it ’s selected , then during its two - year mission , it will monitor the 2.5 million brightest stars with a per-point accuracy of 0.1 millimagnitude ( one part in ten thousand ) for the brightest , most interesting stars .
It will find all of the transiting Jovian and Neptune - mass planets with orbital periods of less than 36 days , and it can make fully characterized detections of transiting planets with periods up to 72 days .
Where transits are concerned , brighter stars are better stars .
TESS will locate all the bright star transits for Neptune - mass planets and up , and equally important , it will find the best examples of large transiting terrestrial planets that exist .
TESS also provides an eminently workable path to the actual characterization of a potentially habitable planet .
Included in the 2.5 million brightest stars are a substantial number of M dwarfs .
Detailed Monte - Carlo simulations indicate that there ’s a 98 % probability that TESS will locate a potentially habitable transiting terrestrial planet orbiting a red dwarf lying closer than 50 parsecs .
When this planet is found , JWST ( which will launch near the end of TESS ’s two year mission ) can take its spectrum and obtain resolved measurements of molecular absorption in the atmosphere .
If TESS is selected for flight , we ’re literally just five years away from probing the atmospheres of transiting planets in the habitable zone .
That none of the 100 - plus who have flown their relatives to a death clinic abroad have been prosecuted to date is said by Falconer to make the law an ass .
On the contrary , it means that this sorry sample is ethically self - selecting and the law has been applied with discretion and compassion .
The suicide lobby makes much of the queue of some 800 waiting to help their relatives die , as if that in some way justifies their case .
We can only shiver at the prospect of what monsters might be released in those ranks when suicides can be assisted without the threat of prosecution .
Enlarge AP / Roswell Daily Record Former President George W. Bush waves to the assembled crowd during a reception for high school seniors receiving the 2009 Chase Foundation Scholarship Thursday at Artesia High School in Artesia , N.M. ARTESIA , N.M. ( AP ) 
It was a humbling moment for the former commander in chief : President George W. Bush was walking former first dog Barney in his new Dallas neighborhood when it stopped in a neighbor 's yard for relief .
" And there I was , former president of the United States of America , with a plastic bag on my hand , " he told a group of graduating high school students in New Mexico on Thursday .
" Life is returning back to normal . "
Bush , in one of his few public appearances since leaving office in January , told the students that leaving office lifted a heavy burden .
" I no longer feel that great sense of responsibility that I had when I was in the Oval Office .
And frankly , it 's a liberating feeling , " he told seniors from Artesia High School .
He received a warm welcome in the southeastern New Mexico community , the Roswell Daily Record reported .
Bush declined interviews and no video cameras were allowed inside .
The crowd gave him multiple standing ovations and after his speech he was presented with a sculpture of an eagle taking flight from a torch .
The sculpture will be dedicated at City Hall on Memorial Day in honor of Bush and America 's veterans .
Bush invoked an Iraq veteran 's story to motivate the students to continue their educations .
He described visiting Army Staff Sgt. Christian Bagge , a soldier from Oregon who lost both legs in combat .
When he visited Bagge at Brooke Army Medical Center in San Antonio , Bush told him that someday Bagge would get out of his bed and run .
Then , one day , an aide went into Bush 's office and said Bagge was waiting on the South Lawn and wanted to go running with the president .
If Bagge could do that , Bush told the students : " You can go to college . "
Bush made his first public speech since leaving office in Canada back in March .
Bush said he hoped President Obama 's administration would be successful .
He also said he was writing a book about some of the difficult decisions he made while in office .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Fortran 90 for Science Students by Dr. John Prentice of Quetzal Associates .
[ January 1995 ]
Below is a note I just sent to the chairman of a physics department which requires freshmen to take a programming class offered by the engineering department .
That course has traditionally taught Fortran 77 , but there is now a push on from the engineering school to switch to teaching C++.
As usual , the arguments being mustered revolve around criticisms of Fortran 77 by people who are too out of touch to know much of anything about Fortran 90 .
In either case , I was asked by one of the senior physics faculty to contribute my two cents worth about what language they should be teaching .
The appended note is the one I sent and it summarizes our corporate experience with C++ and some of our feelings about Fortran 90 .
Others may find this interesting since this question is arising throughout the academic community .
John Dr. John K. Prentice
Quetzal Computational Associates
3701 San Mateo N.E. , Suite I
Albuquerque , NM 87110-1249 USA
Phone : 505-883-3706
Email : john@quetzalcoatl.com
My note to the Physics Department :
One of the physics faculty members mentioned to me that the Engineering school is considering changing Eng 120 to teach C++ instead of Fortran and that you were soliciting comments about this with regard to physics students .
Even though I am not associated with the university , I wanted to contribute my thoughts , which come from a commercial as well as a research perspective .
Perhaps they will be of some value to you .
As you know , Quetzal Computational Associates specializes in computational science .
We currently have projects computational physics , earth sciences , and agriculture for clients which include DoE and DoD laboratories as well as commercial clients as diverse as hazardous waste companies and grain companies .
During the last year , we have developed numerical methods and codes based on them for modeling contaminant flow in porous media , modeling the structural mechanics of resonant sonic drilling rigs , modeling bistatic ground penetrator radar propagation in partially saturated soils , modeling solid dynamics at high strain rates , modeling the phenological development of corn and soy beans , modeling solar insolation in the photosynthetically active spectrum based on first principle atmospheric physics , and developed neural networks for the detection of dust clouds from satellite imagery .
One of our largest computational physics projects is the development of advanced methods for modeling solid dynamics based on first principle physics .
This is a multi-year , multi-million dollar project .
This code numerically solves the partial differential equations for continuum solid dynamics using a hybrid finite volume / finite element technique , coupled to advanced equations of state and constitutive models for the solids and fluids in the calculation .
This code and others we work with are huge number crunching codes , a modest 3d simulation will take 100 or more hours of Cray C - 90 time to complete a single calculation .
By any standard , they are amongst the largest computational physics simulations being done anywhere in the world .
In addition , we are on the forefront in the application of parallel computing to these problems .
We have projects to develop parallel versions of our codes for a diverse collection of computers , including networks of UNIX workstations , the IBM SP - 2 , the Cray T3D , and the Intel Paragon .
For all of these projects , we employ Fortran 90 as our main language .
We do some development work in Fortran 77 , C , and C++ , but we are moving away from those languages as quickly as possible .
There are many reasons for our choice of Fortran 90 , but first let me say a bit about why we are not enthusiastic about C++.
The biggest strength of C++ is probably the availability of relatively inexpensive and high quality C++ compilers for PCs .
But that is a pretty minor consideration in our business and it is outweighed by the enormous liabilities we have observed with C++.
First , we regard C++ as the weakest of the object oriented languages .
Objective C is a far more solid and well designed OOPS language , C++ is really some OOPS capability slapped on top of C. C++ is consequently extremely inefficient , inconsistent , overly large , and enormously difficult to program in .
The experience of our clients mirrors our own , and in fact many DoE and DoD laboratories are finding that their headlong rush to C++ has been a hideously expensive mistake .
I know of several C++ scientific coding projects in the DoE that consumed millions of dollars and tens of man-years , only to be abandoned because the resulting code was enormously inefficient on both traditional serial computers and on their large parallel supercomputers .
Similar horror stories abound throughout the programming community at this point .
Bill Gates claimed that his biggest mistake in designing their new NT operating system was adopting C++ for the graphics coding , the resulting code took years longer to write than it should have and ran terribly slow .
While OOPS is a solid development in the computer science community , I think it is fair to say that C++ is destined to be a passing fad , much like Pascal and Ada before it .
The main reason C++ has attracted the attention it has in the scientific community is because Fortran 77 was a terribly outdated language .
The many weaknesses of Fortran 77 were solved with Fortran 90 however .
Fortran 90 has every feature in C that is important to scientific programming and most of the features of an object oriented language ( it lacks only inheritance and that is likely going to be added in Fortran 2000 ) .
However , unlike C and C++ , Fortran 90 is designed to generate executable codes that are highly optimized and thus run extremely fast .
An example is pointers .
Pointers are integral to C and C++ programming and because the compiler cannot determine whether a pointer is aliased , it is impossible for it to determine interprocedural dependencies .
The result is a significant degradation in optimization and extremely slow execution speeds ( for most scientific codes , C and C++ generally produce code which is commonly an order of magnitude slower than Fortran 90 codes , based on the benchmarks we and others have done ) .
Fortran 90 pointers are designed to give the functionality of pointers , but with restrictions that eliminate issues such as aliasing .
From a programming perspective however , an even more important point is that Fortran 90 has more natural ways of expressing the functionality that C and C++ require pointers to express .
Because of this , Fortran 90 is a more natural language to program in and the time required for debugging codes is a fraction of that required by C and C++ ( C++ is much worse than C , provided you are really employing an OOPS paradigm , since you find yourself spending alot of debug time going up and down inheritance trees ) .
Another important point is that the time required to learn Fortran 90 is much less than the time to learn either C or C++. Fortran 90 has another major advantage over C or C ++.
Modern scientific computing , and computing in general , is moving toward the use of parallel computers .
Even PCs and workstations now come with multiple processors , so parallelism is something that everyone from an accountant to a physicist is encountering now .
A major problem in programming parallel computers however is the linear memory model that is inherent to all procedural programming languages , with the singular exception of Fortran 90 .
A linear memory model is one that assumes that consecutive elements of an array are consecutive in memory .
This was a reasonable assumption on traditional computers , but it is completely incorrect on a parallel computer .
Only Fortran 90 has addressed this problem and providing standardized language support for parallelism .
This support includes array syntax and many intrinsics for doing array operations varying from reduction operations such as array sums to matrix operations .
With the use of Fortran 90 operator overloading and polymorphism , one can significantly extend the number of operations that avoid any reliance on the linear memory model .
The fact that Fortran 90 moved away from a linear memory model is the main reason that it has become the base for so many data parallel languages such as Vienna Fortran , Fortran D , CRAFT , and High Performance Fortran .
The availability of data parallel dialects of Fortran 90 is an especially large factor in favor of Fortran 90 .
Compilers for High Performance Fortran , for example , are now coming on the market for virtually every machine out there ( including networks of workstations ) and writing parallel codes in this language is straightforward .
Of particular importance is that porting a Fortran 90 code to High Performance Fortran is extremely straightforward and codes written in High Performance Fortran can be run unaltered on a Fortran 90 compiler ( with the exception of one HPF construct , the forall , which is being put into Fortran 95 ) .
My own opinion is that scientists today need to know more than one language or one computing paradigm .
And I think it is entirely reasonable that students learn C++ before they graduate , though even more important is that they learn how to program MATLAB and a computer algebra system such as Maple or Macsyma .
But the issue is what freshmen should learn as their first language and for that I would recommend Fortran 90 hands down .
It is a better language for scientific programming and is both easier to learn and use than the alternatives .
It is also much more likely to be the language students will be employing in their jobs upon graduation and it is the most promising route currently developing for the programming of parallel computers .
BOSTON ( Reuters ) - Cybercrime is rapidly spreading on Facebook as fraudsters prey on users who think the world ’s top social networking site is a safe haven on the Internet .
A Facebook screen grab is seen in a handout photo .
REUTERS / Facebook / Handout
Lisa Severens , a clinical trials manager from Worcester , Massachusetts , learned the hard way .
A virus took control of her laptop and started sending pornographic photos to colleagues .
“ I was mortified about having to deal with it at work , ” said Severens , whose employer had to replace her computer because the malicious software could not be removed .
Cybercrime , which costs U.S. companies and individuals billions of dollars a year , is spreading fast on Facebook because such scams target and exploit those naive to the dark side of social networking , security experts say .
While News Corp's NWSA.O MySpace was the most - popular hangout for cyber criminals two years ago , experts say hackers are now entrenched on Facebook , whose membership has soared from 120 million in December to more than 200 million today .
“ Facebook is the social network du jour .
Attackers go where the people go .
Always , ” said Mary Landesman , a senior researcher at Web security company ScanSafe .
Scammers break into accounts posing as friends of users , sending spam that directs them to websites that steal personal information and spread viruses .
Hackers tend to take control of infected PCs for identity theft , spamming and other mischief .
Facebook manages security from its central headquarters in Palo Alto , California , screening out much of the spam and malicious software targeting its users .
That should make it a safer place to surf than the broader Internet , but criminals are relentless and some break through Facebook ’s considerable filter .
The rise in attacks reflect Facebook ’s massive growth .
Company spokesman Simon Axten said that as the number of users has increased , the percentage of successful attacks has stayed about the same , remaining at less than 1 percent of members over the past five years .
By comparison , he said , FBI data shows that about 3 percent of U.S. households were burglarized in 2005 .
“ Security is an arms race , and we ’re always updating these systems and building new ones to respond to new and evolving threats , ” Axten said .
When criminal activity is detected on one account , the site quickly looks for similar patterns in others and either deletes bad emails or resets passwords to compromised accounts , he said .
Facebook is hiring a fraud investigator and a fraud analyst , according to the careers section of its website .
CANNOT GUARANTEE WEB SAFETY
But ultimately Facebook says its members are responsible for their own security .
" We do our best to keep Facebook safe , but we cannot guarantee it , " Facebook says in a warning in a section of the site on the terms and conditions of use , which members may not bother to read .
( www.facebook.com/terms.php)
“ People implicitly trust social networking sites because they do n’t understand the real threats and dangers .
It ’s like walking down the street and trusting everybody you meet , ” said Randy Abrams , a researcher with security software maker ESET .
Amy Benoit , a human resources manager in Oceanside , California , said she may stop using Facebook altogether after she became entangled in a popular scam :
A fraudster sent instant messages to a friend saying that Benoit had been attacked in London and needed $ 600 to get home .
Yale University last week warned its business school students to be careful when using Facebook after several of them turned in infected laptops .
One of the most insidious threats is Koobface , a virus that takes over PCs when users click on links in spam messages .
The virus turned up on MySpace about a year ago , but its unknown authors now focus on spreading it through Facebook , which is struggling to wipe it out .
" Machines that are compromised are at the whim of the attacker , " said McAfee Inc MFE.N researcher Craig Schmugar .
McAfee , the world ’s No. 2 security software maker , says Koobface variants almost quadrupled last month to 4,000 .
“ Because Facebook is a closed system , we have a tremendous advantage over e-mail .
Once we detect a spam message , we can delete that message in all inboxes across the site , ” said Schmugar .
Facebook ’s Axten said the site does not know how many users have been infected by Koobface .
A new website that follows Facebook news , www.fbhive.com, recently identified a vulnerability that made it possible to access any user ’s private information using a simple hack .
The loophole has since been closed .
“ We do n’t have any evidence to suggest that it was ever exploited for malicious purposes , ” Axten said .
Hackers even find ways to get into accounts of savvy users like Sandeep Junnarkar , a journalism professor at City University of New York and former tech reporter .
Last month he learned his account was hacked as he waited for a flight for Paris .
He quickly changed his password before boarding .
“ Am I surprised that it happened ?
Not really , ” he said .
Block Helpers and DRY Views in Rails
Developers tend to spend a lot of time refactoring their controllers and helpers , but once they get to the views ( rhtml ) , more often than not , the DRY ( Do n’t Repeat Yourself ) hat just disappears .
This is not surprising , HTML markup by its very nature predisposes you to repetition of structural tags .
However , in certain situations , a little Ruby magic can go a long way .
Namely , you should get into the habit of creating block helpers to DRY up your views .
Let ’s take a look at the often ( ab ) used case of rounded corners .
Rounded corners , the Ruby way
The Web 2.0 crowd has produced more rounded corner techniques than there are Web 2.0 sites ( hard to believe , I know ) , so without picking any favorites I chose Scott Shiller ’s method solely for the sake of an example .
Feel free to substitute your own favorite technique , as you will see in a second , the HTML is easy to change , the important takeaway is the Ruby magic .
Assuming you have imported the CSS stylesheet , your erb template is now likely to contain :
< div class =" dialog " > < div class= " content " > < div class= " t " ></div> <!--
Your content goes here --> </div> < div class= " b " >< div></div > </div > </div >
Of course , you will want more than one rounded box , hence you will start duplicating this code all over your templates .
Admit it , you ’ve done it !
Let ’s fix that .
First thing you will notice is that the wrapping elements ( divs ) never change , making them a prime target for extraction .
First solution : extract the divs into a partial , define a body variable and render the partial from the view .
It could work , but it gets messy .
Instead , we can use Err ’s method to trick a Ruby block into rendering a partial for us , giving us a nice readable interface that even a non-Ruby developer will understand :
<!--
In your .rhtml template ... --> <% rounded_box ' Box Title ! ' do %>
Look ma , a clean rounded box , minus the code duplication ! <% end %>
Making a Ruby block render a partial
The Ruby magic happens with the help of two helpers functions : block_to_partial , and rounded_box .
Let ’s take a closer look at the code :
# Only need this helper once , it will provide an interface to convert a block into a partial .
# 1 . Capture is a Rails helper which will ' capture ' the output of a block into a variable # 2 . Merge the ' body ' variable into our options hash # 3 . Render the partial with the given options hash .
Just like calling the partial directly .
def block_to_partial ( partial_name , options = {} , & block ) options .
merge ! ( : body => capture ( & block ) ) concat ( render ( : partial => partial_name , : locals => options ) , block .
binding ) end #
Create as many of these as you like , each should call a different partial # 1 . Render ' shared /rounded_box ' partial with the given options and block content def rounded_box ( title , options = {} , & block ) block_to_partial ( ' shared/rounded_box ' , options .
merge ( : title => title ) , & block ) end #
Sample helper # 2 def un_rounded_box ( title , options = {} , & block ) block_to_partial ( ' shared/un_rounded_box ' , options .
merge ( : title => title ) , & block ) end
Finally , we extract the HTML code into a separate partial :
< div class =" dialog " > < div class= " content " > < div class= " t " ></div > < h2 > < %= title %> </ h2 > <%= body %> </div> < div class= " b " >< div></div></div > </div >
It ’s an extremely elegant solution to an ugly problem - we wrapped a render call into a nice - looking Ruby block .
Say goodbye to code duplication and revel in the newfound joy of your cleaned up Erb templates !
Tip of the day : be zealous about it , you ’ll love yourself for it later .
A member of Barack Obama 's security detail has contracted a suspected case of the swine flu — this outbreak has Barack " The Typhoid President " Obama 's fingerprints all over it .
It started in Mexico when Obama just happened to be visiting there .
An archaeologist he met there died the next day from swine flu - like symptoms .
And now a member of his own security team has it .
Barack Obama is Patient Zero !
Joe Biden better really run now .
This development will no doubt lend even more credence to the obviously true theory floated by Concerned Women For America that the " swine flu " is really cover for a fake panic to ram through the nomination of Kathleen Sebelius as Secretary of Health and Human Services .
Little did they know that Obama made the swine flu himself , in his bathroom sink !
Or maybe it's the most elaborate Al Qaeda assassination plot ever .
Feel free to put your tin hats on in comments .
UPDATE : An Energy Department staffer is displaying flu - like symptoms , and three members of his family have tested positive for swine flu .
How many people have to pay for Obama 's mad scientist plot ?
UPDATE : Here are some of the batshittier theories out there .
Democratic Socialist Perspective ( Australia ) statement in response to the United Nations Human Rights Council resolution on Sri Lanka
June 12 , 2009 -- The Democratic Socialist Perspective ( DSP ) -- a Marxist organisation affiliated to the Socialist Alliance of Australia -- supports the right of Tamils to self - determination .
We have campaigned in solidarity with the Tamil people for several decades .
For example , at the time of the 1983 massacre the DSP worked with the Tamil community in Australia to organise protests .
This year too , the DSP , Socialist Alliance and Resistance worked closely with Tamil communities , including helping organise rallies , to highlight the calls for a ceasefire and for self - determination .
We support the right of Tamils to form a separate state or pursue other solutions , as they so choose , that guarantee complete and genuine equality .
The Tamil people must freely decide which path to follow .
We condemn the racist and repressive policies of successive Sri Lankan governments as the main source of ethnic conflict .
State terrorism is the main source of violence in Sri Lanka .
We support the Tamils ’ right to take up arms in self - defence .
However , the over - reliance by the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) on a militaristic strategy , which has included violence and repression against non-Tamil civilians and other Tamil groups , has alienated potential allies among Sinhalese workers and peasants , and among the Muslim population .
It has also contributed to the international isolation of the LTTE and the Tamil struggle .
Following the LTTE ’s military defeat , an interesting discussion around tactics and strategy is opening up , which includes looking at successful national liberation struggles that have used a range of non-military tactics to build broad alliances against national oppression .
The ongoing solidarity campaign with the Tamil people is now focusing on immediate demands , such as freeing the displaced people from imprisonment in the government - camps .
They must be allowed to leave the camps if they wish and return to their homes .
Access to adequate food , medical care and housing must be guaranteed .
UN Human Rights Council resolution on " Assistance to Sri Lanka in the promotion and protection of human rights "
On May 26 , the UN Human Rights Council adopted a resolution on " Assistance to Sri Lanka in the promotion and protection of human rights " .
This resolution condemned the LTTE for " attacks ... on the civilian population " , while making no mention of the tens of thousands of Tamil civilians killed by the Sri Lankan government forces this year alone .
The resolution welcomed the " liberation by the government of Sri Lanka of tens of thousands of its citizens that were kept by the LTTE against their will as hostages " , an unproven claim when in fact the Sri Lankan government has trapped the surviving Tamils in concentration camps surrounded by barbed wire .
The resolution was passed by the HRC with a margin of 29 votes to 12 , with six abstentions .
Most of the Third World countries that are members of the HRC voted in favour .
Most of the imperialist countries voted against , supporting instead a resolution moved by Switzerland .
The latter condemned the LTTE , but it also called on the Sri Lankan government to allow freedom of movement for the internally displaced people and to cooperate fully with humanitarian organisations .
The Swiss resolution also called on the Sri Lankan government to " investigate " allegations of human rights abuses and to prosecute those responsible .
Given that the government is the main abuser of human rights in Sri Lanka , this amounted to a call for the government to investigate and prosecute itself .
The imperialist powers ' supposed concern for human rights is hypocritical , given that they have for many years been supporting the Sri Lankan government in its war on the Tamils .
The Sri Lankan government portrayed itself as a victim of Western governments and the " Western dominated world media " .
This was ridiculous given the aid that Sri Lanka receives from the West , and the hostility of the Western media to the " terrorist " LTTE .
Nevertheless , most Third World governments supported Sri Lanka in the HRC .
This included right - wing governments such as Egypt and Saudi Arabia , but also left - wing governments such as Cuba and Bolivia .
Why did Cuba and its allies take the position they did ?
There are several reasons :
1 . They distrust the human rights rhetoric of the imperialist powers , which often use concern over human rights as a pretext for condemning , pressuring and even attempting to overthrow Third World governments .
2 . They at times oppose movements such as the LTTE that attempt to break up existing Third World states .
They tend to suspect that such movements are encouraged by the imperialists in order to weaken Third World countries .
In some cases this is true .
For example , the CIA - backed Katanga secessionist movement was aimed at weakening and overthrowing the progressive government of Patrice Lumumba in the Congo in the early 1960s .
This experience , which occurred shortly after the Castro government came to power , probably had a lasting impact on Cuban attitudes towards secessionist movements in general .
Similarly the US - backed secessionist movement in eastern Bolivia is aimed at weakening and eventually overthrowing the Evo Morales government .
But it is a mistake to over - generalise from these examples .
Many movements that aim to break up an existing state are a response to real national oppression .
This is certainly the case with the Tamils .
3. Cuba 's diplomacy aims to build friendly relations with as many governments as possible and especially Third World nations regardless of the nature of these governments .
This is both a survival strategy for Cuba in the face of the US blockade , and a way of winning support for some progressive ideas in the United Nations and other international forums .
It is also a way to seek to build a bloc among Third World nations to strengthen the position of oppressed nations in relation to the imperialist countries .
The success of Cuban diplomacy is reflected in the nearly unanimous votes at the United Nations condemning the United States ’ blockade of Cuba .
But the down side is that Cuba often refrains from criticising Third World governments for their repression of their own people .
International solidarity from ordinary people for Cuba 's revolution is partly inspired by Cuba 's generally principled internationalist position that seeks to aid the oppressed around the world : from Cuba 's armed assistance in Angola that paved the way for the defeat of the South African apartheid regime , to its current practice of sending volunteer doctors to treat the poor in dozens of countries .
Positions such as the one it has taken on Sri Lanka risks undermining such support .
Onrpg is collaborating with Aeria Games to give away 1000 Wolfteam beta keys !
About Wolfteam :
Wolf Team is a fast paced 3D MMOFPS that features the ability for players to switch between playing as a Human or as a Werewolf .
Humans have an assortment of weapons available at their disposal giving them an advantage at a distance .
Wolves on the other hand have no ranged attack but are faster and stronger than their human counter parts .
To get your key you have to follow these instructions :
* If you are not yet an member of Onrpg please sign up here :
* Enter your Onrpg username and password below to get your Code
* The key will appear at the bottom of the page , copy & paste to a safe place otherwise you may not be able to retrieve it *
If you are not yet an member of Onrpg please sign up here : http://www.onrpg.com/boards/register.php
* Enter your Onrpg username and password below to get your Code *
The key will appear at the bottom of the page , copy & paste to a safe place otherwise you may not be able to retrieve it
How to use the code :
1 . Get beta key from OnRPG
2 . Go to Aeria Games website and login or create an account
3. Visit the Wolf Team website
4 . Input beta key at the bottom of the page and click the submit button
5 . Download the game client and then log in with your registered account 1 .
Get beta key from OnRPG2 .
Go to Aeria Games website and login or create an account https://login.aeriagames.com/user/login
3 . Visit the Wolf Team website http://wolfteam.aeriagames.com/cse/cbevent
4 . Input beta key at the bottom of the page and click the submit button5 .
Download the game client and then log in with your registered account
Enjoy !
This event has expired .
Bill Gurstelle is Geek Dad 's current guest blogger .
I ’ve spent the last two years writing my just released book Absinthe and Flamethrowers : Projects and Ruminations on the Art of Living Dangerously .
It ’s an exploration of a single , important question , which I think is relevant to GeekDads , or anybody raising children , for that matter .
Are people who take risks happier than those who do not ?
It ’s a simple question , but it took a while to come up with an answer .
First of all , I had to better define the question .
Physical risks ?
Emotional risks ?
Monetary risks ?
All of them ?
I looked at it a number of ways and decided to focus on physical risk taking .
Basically , I wanted to know if it was intrinsically better to be an Evel Knievel or a Caspar Milquetoast ?
Better to be Chuck Yeager or Niles Crain ?
Are lion tamers happier with their lives than monks ?
The answer is a bit complex .
Psychologists can assess and numerically describe a person ’s risk - taking proclivity .
Risk - taking behavior can be summarized as a single number from one to 100 .
A one is a house - bound agoraphobe and a 100 behaves like a fire - eating crazy person .
Not surprisingly , the distribution of risk - taking proclivity is described by a normal bell - shaped curve .
Most people cluster around the mean score , as the graph below shows :
But here ’s the cool thing .
I found that moderate , rational risk takers , that is , those with scores between the mean and one standard deviation to the right are the people who are most satisfied with their lives .
I call that area " the golden third " because it 's about 1/3 of the population .
Studies show that people who take just a bit more risks than average , that is , those in the golden third , tend to do better than average .
They tend to be happier and more fulfilled .
To me , that 's a stunning conclusion .
And it 's something for parents to think about , as well .
I also found that getting good at risk taking requires practice .
So I researched and experimented , coming up with dozens of rather interesting projects to build risk - taking skills .
For instance , if you know what to do , you can walk into a Home Depot and come out with everything you need to build a rocket – a real rocket .
You can make gunpowder .
You can throw knives , eat dangerous food , do all sorts of things that would make your mother shudder .
But it starts with knowing what to do and what not to do .
So get out there , geek dads , and live life dangerously and artfully .
Couples that do n’t have Facebook accounts stay together .
And this story proves it :
An Atlanta Falcons player is out on bond following his arrest earlier this week , reportedly after a fight with his wife over a Facebook friend .
Offensive tackle Quinn Ojinnaka , 25 , was booked into the Gwinnett County Jail at 1:40 a.m.
Wednesday on a misdemeanor charge of simple battery , according to jail records .
He was released about four hours later after posting a $ 2,400 bond .
Ojinnaka was arrested at his home in Suwanee after he fought with his wife and spat at her during an argument over a female friend of his on the social networking Web site , Facebook , according to a police report .
The altercation happened as Ojinnaka was preparing to watch a basketball game Tuesday night , the police report said .
Ojinnaka told police his wife tried to stab him with a pen , and she said he threw her on some stairs before tossing her out of the house , the police report said .
Neither Ojinnaka nor his wife complained of injuries and declined medical assistance , police said .
Had Ojinnaka not had a Facebook account , he would n’t have been Face - flirting with another woman , his wife would n’t have tried to stab him with a pen and he would n’t have been arrested for throwing her on ( on ? ) some stairs .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Long - haul trips could be made in spaceships instead of planes in 20 years ’ time if Virgin ’s efforts to commercialize space travel succeed , the president of Virgin Galactic told Reuters in an interview .
Virgin Group 's Founder billionaire Richard Branson ( L ) and Burt Rutan , president of Scaled Composites , wave from the window of Virgin Galactic 's mothership WhiteKnightTwo during its public roll - out in Mojave , California July 28 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Fred Prouser
Will Whitehorn said Virgin ’s plans to take tourists into space were just a first stage that could open up a range of possibilities for the company including space science , computer server farms in space and replacing long - haul flights .
Virgin Galactic , part of Richard Branson ’s Virgin Group , has collected $ 40 million in deposits from would - be space tourists including physicist Stephen Hawking and ex-racing driver Niki Lauda , and hopes to start commercial trips within two years .
Whitehorn said the bookings from 300 people willing to pay $ 200,000 each for a space flight had convinced Virgin the venture was viable .
It is currently running test flights and hopes soon to win a license from the Federal Aviation Authority .
“ We needed to know we had a sound business plan , ” he said on the fringes of the FIPP World Magazine Congress , where he had been invited to speak on innovation .
Virgin claims that its technology , which releases a spaceship into sub - orbit in the air using a jet carrier aircraft , is more environmentally friendly than traditional ground - launched rocket technology .
The non-metallic materials from which the spaceship is built are also lighter and require less power than , for example , NASA ’s space shuttles , Whitehorn argues .
He foresees uses of the spaceship for science experiments , for example as an alternative to visiting the International Space Station or using unmanned flights for pharmaceuticals companies seeking to use microgravity to change particles .
Later , the aircraft could be used to launch small satellites or take other payloads into space , Whitehorn says .
“ We could put all of our server farms in space quite easily . ”
Asked about the environmental impact , he points out that they could be completely solar - powered , and says that in any case the hostile vacuum in space makes it hard to do damage beyond leaving debris behind .
“ Polluting space is extremely difficult , ” he said .
Eventually , he sees the possibility of transporting passengers to terrestrial destinations in spacecraft outside the atmosphere instead of by plane .
He says a journey from Britain to Australia could be done in about 2 - 1/ 2 hours .
“ That ’s a 20 - year horizon , ” he said .
Virgin is not the only non-governmental party trying to develop space travel in the private sphere , but Whitehorn is confident it will be the first to take passengers into space .
SpaceX , led by veteran Silicon Valley entrepreneur Elon Musk , is developing space - launch vehicles but they are not designed to carry passengers .
Whitehorn said he had received many expressions of interest from financial and other institutions and corporations interested in taking a stake in the business , which it would consider .
“ We perceive the possibility we will be able to bring an investor in , ” he said .
“ I think there will be a wall of money that goes into private space . ”
Asked about how environmentally friendly it was to develop space tourism , which arguably nobody needs in the first place , Whitehorn said none of the future projects he envisaged would be possible without first proving a business model .
“ You could not develop the system at this stage without developing the markets , ” he said .
He also argued that the experience of viewing Earth from space would transform people ’s attitudes .
“ There ’s only been 500 people in space so far , and each has cost $ 50 to $ 100 million on average , ” he said .
“ Every astronaut is an environmentalist . ”
Alastair Reynolds has been praised for his epic space operas A former astronomer from south Wales has signed one of the biggest - ever science fiction book deals .
Alastair Reynolds , author of Revelation Space and Century Rain , will get £ 1 m from Gollancz for his next 10 novels .
Reynolds , from Barry , Vale of Glamorgan , began writing short stories at college and then at the European Space Agency in Holland .
" It 's fantastic news , " he said .
" As a writer you do n't generally get that kind of security over 10 years . "
" You 're always looking to the end of the next contract and wondering where you 're going to go from that , " he added .
" You 're busy trying to finish a book and at the same time worrying about the rest of your career .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" So having that kind of blanket in place for ten years is really fantastic - it means I can just concentrate on the writing and not worry about the financial side of things . "
Reynolds found fame when his debut novel Revelation Space was published in 2000 , when he was still working as an astrophysicist at the ESA 's Research and Technology Centre in Leiden .
Following the book 's critical and commercial success , Reynolds has since published 12 novels and short story collections with Gollancz , as well as dozens of short stories and novellas in small press collections and genre magazines around the world .
Reynolds ' background in physics and astronomy has been hailed by critics as bringing a real authenticity to his epic space operas , and has won him fans from across the world 's scientific community - including staff at NASA , where he is said to be a firm favourite .
The debut novel Revelation Space launched Reynolds ' career as a writer
His fans include bestselling authors such as Bernard Cornwell , who said : " Alastair Reynolds is an astrophysicist , so he knows his stuff , but what really distinguishes him is a galaxy - sized imagination allied to a real story - telling ability . "
Reynolds left the European Space Agency in 2004 to write full time , and moved back to his native Wales , now living in the Cynon Valley .
Jo Fletcher , his editor at Gollancz , said : " He 's that rarest of science fiction authors : one who can match a rigorous science background with intense characterisation and rip-roaring plots . "
Reynolds ' next novel - Terminal World - is a part - steampunk , part - Western planetary romance in the far future to be published in October 2009 .
The first fruits of the new ten - book deal will be published in October 2010
He admits it 's a challenge but is confident he 'll come up with the goods with some ideas already in place .
" There 's already a trilogy that 's been at the back of my mind so that 's already three books ticked off , and then you think I quite fancy doing a sequel to that one and maybe a sequel to that one , and then maybe a few independent books , " he said .
" Before you know it you 've come up with ideas for seven or eight novels .
" Whether I actually write those seven or eight novels is a thing for the future .
But I can sit down now and say here 's a road map of where I could be in ten years time so it 's not too daunting . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
RAMALLAH , West Bank ( Reuters ) - Hamas ’s popularity among Palestinians has risen sharply since a three - week Israeli war in January devastated the Islamist - ruled Gaza Strip , an opinion poll released Monday showed .
Palestinian women take part in a rally in solidarity with Arabs in Jerusalem organised by Hamas culture ministry in Gaza March 7 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Mohammed Salem
If an election were held today , Hamas leader Ismail Haniyeh would beat Mahmoud Abbas , the Western - backed Palestinian president and leader of Fatah who advocates a peace deal with Israel .
The face - to - face poll of 1,270 people by the Palestinian Center for Policy and Survey Research was conducted on March 5 - 7 in the West Bank and Gaza Strip , as the factions tried to reach agreement on a unity government with Egyptian mediation .
Hamas , which Western powers shun as a terrorist organization , won a Palestinian parliamentary election in 2006 and seized control of the Gaza Strip the next year after fighting with Fatah .
Israel responded by tightening its blockade of the coastal enclave , increasing hardships for its 1.5 million residents .
The January war , which Israel launched with the stated aim of stopping cross - border rocket fire by militants , killed some 1,300 Palestinians , destroyed 5,000 homes and left much of Gaza ’s governmental and economic infrastructure in ruins .
“ Despite the visible increase in the popularity of Hamas and Haniyeh , ” the pollsters reported , the overwhelming majority , 71 percent , believes Palestinians are worse off than they were before the war .
The survey said Haniyeh would garner 47 percent support , beating Abbas with 45 percent , if a presidential election was held today .
Three months ago , Abbas received 48 percent and Haniyeh 38 percent .
But if the competition were between Haniyeh and Marwan Barghouthi , the popular Fatah leader currently imprisoned by Israel , Barghouthi would win by 61 percent to 34 percent , the survey showed .
Fatah , however , remains the most popular faction with 40 percent of overall support , compared to 42 percent last December , it said .
The popularity of Hamas in the same period increased from 28 percent to 33 percent in the latest poll .
The most important priority for Palestinians today , in the eyes of 46 percent of the sample , should be the unification of the West Bank and the Gaza Strip .
Nearly two - thirds believe a Hamas victory in presidential and legislative elections would lead to the tightening of the Israeli blockade of the Gaza Strip , whereas nearly as many believe a Fatah victory would mean the end of the blockade .
Respondents in Gaza in particular believe a Hamas victory would perpetuate the blockade and the rift in Palestinian ranks .
On June 15th California implemented another foreclosure moratorium .
The California Foreclosure Prevention Act ( CFPA ) was signed into law by Governor Schwarzenegger which adds another 90 days to the foreclosure process .
If you recall , a similar law was put into place in 2008 and turned out to be an utter failure .
So what do we do ?
We virtually create another replica plan for a second go around .
The plan will fail on so many levels and we will discuss the reasons why in this article .
California has taken a major beating since it was part of the housing bubble mania and is now at the forefront of the bubble bursting .
The problem with dealing with the current foreclosure issue in California is how the issue is being framed .
Take this perspective for example :
“ ( SF Chronicle )
The goal is to compel banks to do systematic loan modifications across California to reduce our foreclosure rate , which is the highest in the nation , ” said Assemblyman Ted Lieu , D - Torrance , who wrote the bill .
“ Until we slow that down , the California economy cannot recover . ”
I appreciate the perspective but dropping the foreclosure rate in the short - term to pad statistics is flawed for many reasons .
The way the plan is devised , it will create an army of lifelong renters with onerous mortgage terms .
This is helping no one except servicers to get a nice kick back for modifying the loan and padding foreclosure data in the short term .
Take a look at how the last moratorium turned out in California :
So what we have in q3 and q4 of 2008 is a drop in notice of defaults but then a skyrocketing catching up in q1 of 2009 .
Q2 of 2009 will be high yet again but we may see a drop for the next few months .
This is simply a diversion and there is little that can be done for a 3 decade long housing bubble that simply needs to pop .
The problem with the new plan is that it tries to force borrowers into a plan that coincides with the current administration modification bill even if it means going with gigantic LTV ratios , artificially low teaser rates , 40 - year amortization , and making the loan a balloon payment .
This is essentially creating lifelong renters and servicers have every bit of incentive to avoid chopping principal down .
Here is what we are told in the CFPA FAQ :
“ While a sustainable loan modification may be different for different borrowers , the potential ways a loan may be modified include any of the following :
- An interest rate reduction , as needed , for a fixed term of at least 5 years .
- An extension of amortization period for the loan term , for up to 40 years from the original date of the loan .
- Deferral of some portion of the principal amount of the unpaid principal balance until maturity of the loan .
- Reduction of principal . ”
The last option is not going to happen in a large number because we already know that the banking industry has lobbied hard against cram - downs which are basically principal reduction .
If you look at this closely , a rate reduction for 5 years is basically the same thing that is going on with the toxic option ARMs and Alt - A mortgages !
These are artificially low teaser rates .
The fact that they are talking about extending the loan amortization to 40 - years and including deferral of principal ( i.e. , negative amortization ) is basically making these government sponsored option ARM loans !
This is total insanity and any borrowers need to think twice about locking themselves into such bad loan products .
As if this is n’t enough , many lenders in California have already received exemptions from the program :
So you have essentially the three behemoths of Bank of America , JP Morgan , and Wells Fargo exempt .
Keep in mind these 3 have swallowed up Wachovia , Countrywide Financial , and WaMu who were the ultimate toxic mortgage pushers .
Oh , and this is for loans that fall under conventional limits which means most of those toxic pay Option ARMs and Alt - A largely are unaddressed by this .
The problem also is that first lien holders are going to get a more exotic product after these modifications .
Think of someone with a conventional 30 year fixed mortgage of $ 300,000 suddenly having it modified to a 40 year mortgage with a 5 year teaser rate .
How does this help ?
If anything , it assures us a longer and more prolonged housing slump since at some point , the rate will go up again .
Most of these modifications will fail within a year .
As recent data indicates , over 70 percent of modified loans have already failed .
Why would this be any different ?
Except , we are going to be wasting $ 1,000 of taxpayer money per modified loan by kicking down the servicer .
Why not just amortize loans over 100 years if the main goal is to chop the monthly nut ?
All this program does is turn negative equity home owners into long time renters .
After all , if people had equity all they would need to do is sell the home .
The crazy thing about the modification is also the debt - to - income ratios allowed :
“ The program targets a ratio of the borrower ’s housing related debt to gross income of 38 % or less , on an aggregate basis in the program . ”
This is problematic .
First , California homeowners are leveraged to the max .
So we are n’t going to factor in other debt like credit cards , student loans , auto loans , etc ?
So say for example someone makes $ 5,000 a month ( gross ) , they can have a home payment of $ 1,900 .
Sounds good right ?
Well after taxes we start seeing issues especially if we are only lowering the teaser rate and turning the loan into a 40 year product .
Let us run a scenario here :
Now here we are running a quick and dirty example .
As you can see , for extending the term of the loan for 40 years the borrower will save $ 246 per month .
However , for this quick fix they will be paying approximately $ 60,000 more in interest over the long term .
This again is a problem with our massive debt system .
Short sighted thinking got us into this problem so why would short sighted thinking get us out ?
The U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve are doing everything to devalue the dollar to create consumer price inflation but that is n’t happening .
The CFPA basically rewards servicers for creating a new class of pay Option ARM with government support and the borrower basically gets to live in a home with negative equity as a renter .
Actually , it is worse than renting .
We may be living through a lost decade of housing appreciation so if this borrower wanted to move in the next 5 to 7 years , they would actually have to cover the negative equity portion of the balance to leave the house .
They obviously can’t sell and the principal is still at the inflated bubble price .
Renters , can just pick up and leave .
So it is more like servitude .
How many people will jump into this is something we will look at closely .
The fact that they would allow negative amortization and teaser rates is astounding .
This is simply kicking the can down the road .
Negative equity is a major reason why people default .
Why would you want to pay on an underwater asset ?
Plus , California now has an 11.5 percent unemployment rate which is n’t exactly helping .
A better solution is what is occurring with foreclosures .
A market bottom will be found .
Many people will become renters but that is okay .
Instead , policies like this simply prolong the inevitable decline while providing taxpayer money to the housing industry which lived it up during this mess .
You can rest assured that the CFPA is going to be a failure and will only serve to pad the resume of certain politicians while prolonging the housing mess in California .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
A group of scientists have developed the Resonator , a machine which allows whoever is within range to see beyond normal perceptible reality .
But when the experiment succeeds , they are immediately attacked by terrible life forms .
You must all remember the man , the myth , the legend , Lee Iacocca , the head honcho and face of Chrysler Corp during it ’s revival in the 1980s .
But before then , back in 1964 , Iacocca was with Ford where he was the driving force behind the establishment of the Mustang , kicking off an entirely new class of car .
At that time he brought in Carol Shelby to make special editions of the Mustang coupe , who has been doing so ever since .
However , now , 45 years later , Lee Iacocca has been able to create his very own version wearing his name , the Iacocca Silver 45th Anniversary Edition Ford Mustang .
Together with designer Michael Leone , he worked dilligently to create , revise and unleash this masterful piece of automotive work .
The legendary Gaffoglip Family Metalcrafters then applied their skill to build out the production versions .
The 2009 1/2 Iacocca 45th Anniversary Edition Ford Mustang is a “ uniquely modified and coachbuilt ” car .
The revised front end with sunken headlights , sleek fastback design and smooth bumper with flush mounted exhaust pipes are dead giveaways that this is no ordinary pony car .
Two different power plant options are offered .
The first is a normally - aspirated 4.6 - liter V8 capable of 320 horsepower via a Ford Racing Cold Air intake .
However , we recommend the second option which uses the same engine but adds a Ford Racing Supercharger good for 400 horsepower .
In either scenario , the Ford Racing parts are fully warranteed .
This performance division also provides a Ford Racing Package that inlcudes an upgraded suspension system ( Ford Racing Handling Package ) and 14 ″ brakes .
The 45th Anniversary Mustang rides on Iacocca Design 20 ″ chrome wheels that measure 20 ″ x 9.5 ″ front and rear .
The interior of the car features Iacocca Diamond Design leather seats , a Signature Dash Plaque with serial number , leather - wrapped steering wheel with “ I ” badge and aluminum door sill plates .
You also get the basics as well like one - touch power windows , two power outlets , variable wipers , rear - window defroster and air - conditioning .
Here is the official press release :
Forty - five years after he introduced the original Ford Mustang , launched at a dramatic press conference at the 1964 New York World ’s Fair , auto industry visionary Lee Iacocca today announced a new version of the famous muscle car – the Iacocca Silver 45th Anniversary Edition Ford Mustang – a breathtaking vehicle that utilizes the latest in Ford performance technology with a style and panache that screams , Mustang fastback .
Only 45 “ 2009 ½ ” Iacocca Silver Edition Mustangs – all painted a special “ Iacocca ” chosen silver hue – will be built .
Nearly two years in the making , the Iacocca Silver Edition Mustang is a collaborative effort by Iacocca , designer Michael Leone , and Gaffoglio Family Metalcrafters , the world - class coachbuilding and Design Company in Fountain Valley , Calif .
The new business venture is called I Legacy , and it will be in concert with Galpin Ford , the exclusive Ford dealership to offer these Iacocca Silver 45th Anniversary Edition Ford Mustangs to the public .
In a word , the new Iacocca Silver Edition Mustang is stunning .
The lines flow organically from front to rear .
The hand - crafted piece of rolling art , with its innovations and impact of the fastback design is truly exceptional in every way .
With its sunken headlights , slanted grill and low stance , the car gives you “ street attitude . ”
“ Once in a while a car comes along that changes everything , and that was the original Mustang , ” said Iacocca .
The Silver Edition Mustang perpetuates the Iacocca mystique .
The car begins life on a 2009 Mustang platform , which is then uniquely modified and coachbuilt .
While the exterior fastback design of the Iacocca Silver Mustang is compelling , the mechanical underpinnings are true American muscle .
Two power plant options will be offered , a normally - aspirated 4.6 - liter Ford V8 rated at 320 horsepower and an optional supercharged version that delivers a head - snapping 400 horsepower .
Both engines are covered by a factory Ford warranty .
Drivers will harness the power through a quick - shifting 5 - speed manual transmission .
The car ’s suspension has been upgraded to keep pace with the power delivery .
A Ford Racing Handling Package adds firmer springs and re-valved shock absorbers .
A 14 - inch Ford Racing Braking Package is optional .
All suspension components will be covered under a factory Ford warranty , as well .
Inside the Iacocca Silver Mustang , the interior is resplendent with luxurious touches that highlight the car ’s special heritage , including Iacocca Diamond Design leather seats with embroidery stitching , an Iacocca signature dash plaque with serial number , a leather - wrapped steering wheel with “ I ” badge , and Iacocca - badged aluminum door sill plates .
The cars will initially be revealed and then available at a reception in late July , at Southern California ’s Galpin Ford dealership , the world ’s largest volume Ford dealer for 19 years , as well as an innovator in the promotion and retail of specialty automobiles .
The price is yet to be announced .
The “ Father of the Mustang ” returns to the legend that started it all .
For more photos , videos and / or information about the Iacocca Silver 45th Anniversary Edition Mustang and I Legacy , please log onto www.ilegacy.com.
For sales inquiries please call Galpin Ford ’s Iacocca Mustang specialist , Brandon Boeckmann at 1-800-829-0744 .
Iacocca Silver Edition Mustang – Specifications Engines
• 4.6 - liter V8 with 320 HP ( Ford Racing Cold Air – under WARRANTY )
• 4.6 - liter V8 with 400HP Supercharger Optional ( Ford Racing Supercharger – under WARRANTY ) Drivetrain
• 5 - speed stick shift transmission ( there might be automatics ) Suspension
• Ford Racing Handling Package ( Ford Racing Package – under WARRANTY )
• 14 - inch ’ Brakes Optional ( Ford Racing Package – under WARRANTY )
Wheels & Tires
• Iacocca Design 20 ″ Chrome wheels with “ I ” Design center cap
• 20 ” x 9 ½ ” ( F ) , 20 ″ x 9 ½ ” ( R )
• Goodyear Eagle RSA 245 X 45 X R20 Interior
• Iacocca Diamond Design Leather Seats with Embroidery Stitching
• Iacocca Signature Dash Plaque with Serial Number
• Iacocca Leather - Wrapped Steering
Wheel with “ I ” badge
• Iacocca Aluminum Door Still Plates
• One - Touch Up / Down power Windows
• Two Power Outlets
• Variable - Speed Windshield Wipers
• Rear Window Defroster
• Air-Conditioning Exterior
• Iacocca DESIGN FASTBACK
• Iacocca Design Hood Emblem
• Iacocca Design Trunk Cap “ I ” Emblem
• Iacocca Design Trunk Lettering
Source : ilegacy.com | Photos : Joey Julius
The Sunday Times is set to launch a standalone website and is considering charging readers for its content .
Plans have not been finalised , but executives at Sunday Times publisher News International are considering the charges to fall in line with the publicly stated desire of Rupert Murdoch , the chairman and chief executive of parent company News Corporation , for his newspapers around the world to follow the lead of the Wall Street Journal by charging for content .
Sunday Times content is currently published online alongside its daily sister title the Times under the umbrella Times Online website brand .
One source familiar with the situation said the new Sunday Times website could launch within three months .
Another said it would be later in the year and that many crucial decisions about the site had not been finalised .
MediaGuardian.co.uk understands that a final decision on how to charge readers to look at content – whether via subscriptions or micropayments – has not been made .
But it is clear that News International will not make its " high - value customers " pay for the site .
Readers who subscribe to the Sunday Times or have it delivered at home would not pay for online access .
Readers in London can pay the paper 's full cover price , £ 2 , and have the paper delivered to their home each week , or pre-pay and subscribe at a discount .
Readers who subscribe or take home delivery also join the Sunday Times Culture + club , which offers readers discounts and free offers .
During a conference call to discuss News Corporation 's third quarter results last month , Murdoch said the company was " absolutely " looking at charging for people to read the Sun Online and Times Online .
" You can expect to see something in the next 12 months .
We are planning to introduce a pay model across all our properties but we will test it first on some of our stronger properties , " he added .
The Sunday Times editor , John Witherow , is understood to be a keen proponent of the site .
" John thinks he is rewriting the business model of the web , " one source said .
News International declined to comment .
A separate Sunday Times website would reverse publisher News International 's longstanding policy of blending the content of the Sunday Times with the daily Times content under the Times Online banner .
Les Hinton , the former executive chairman of News International until he was replaced by James Murdoch in late 2007 , and the Times Online digital director , Annelies Van Den Belt , carried out the strategy to merge the two papers ' content into the single Times Online offering .
This strategy of publishing quality daily and Sunday newspaper content from sister titles under the same online brand is also followed by Guardian News & Media – which publishes MediaGuardian.co.uk – Telegraph Media Group and Independent News & Media .
Having a separate Sunday Times website containing such popular writers as Jeremy Clarkson and the motoring section could result in Times Online traffic falling dramatically – as would its advertising revenue .
Since the arrival of James Murdoch as chairman and chief executive News Corporation Europe and Asia , however , the company has noticeably pushed the subscription model .
In April , the Sunday Times sold an average of 1,221,683 copies each week , a year - on - year rise of 1.62 % .
Last month Murdoch told reporters that the entire internet business model for newspapers was changing , as the current model was " malfunctioning " .
Murdoch predicted that the classified advertising that was leaving print and migrating to the internet would probably never return and that the " traditional newspaper business model has to change , even though the present situation is greatly exaggerated by the current recession " .
He forecast that it would take about two years for digital revenues from web content charging to make up for losses from the decline in print advertising .
" Two years , hopefully less , possibly more .
We are looking at lots of things , models for charging , mobile readers .
I do n't believe in the [ electronic reader ]
Kindle model but I do think it is very interesting that people are going to that and to their BlackBerries to view content .
There are lots of ways we can make money from content over and above the advertising market . "
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
Chris Floyd Published : 11 May 2009 Hits : 11284
Day after day , week after week , Barack Obama 's " Overseas Contingency Operations " keep churning through the bodies of children : sometimes with chemical weapons that sear their flesh and leave them maimed and disfigured for life ; sometimes with carefully aimed bullets ripping through their organs and leaving them dead right on the spot .
And in every such case , our brave and noble Terror Warriors -- who , lest we forget , are upholding the highest values of world civilization , bringing hope and change to benighted lands and defending our sacred way of life -- run screaming like spinsters in a hissy fit from the slightest hint of responsibility for their actions .
Their first response , always , is to blame someone else : either the designated enemy of the day -- or else the burned and shredded children themselves .
This tendency was on vivid display this week in two stories from separate fronts in the ever - spreading Terror War .
( Both pieces , from McClatchy and Reuters , come via the Angry Arab , who rightly notes Obama 's moral ownership of the bullets and bombs of the militarist campaigns ) .
The most garish example can be found in Iraq , where American soldiers shot a 12 - year - old boy in the streets of Mosul , one of the most troubled cities in the conquered land .
Mosul , you may recall , is where Generalissimo David Petraeus -- now in military command of the entire Terror War -- built his vaunted but vaporous reputation for " effective counterinsurgency techniques " early in the war .
It was a miniature model of the later " surge " : using a massive influx of American troops , along with payoffs to favored local forces , to suppress the endemic chaos and violence unleashed by the invasion just long enough to establish a PR narrative of " success . "
Once the media spotlight has moved on , the evil , inevitable fruits of the original crime -- the Hitlerian act of military aggression -- flourish once more .
As in Iraq at large , so it is in Mosul .
Last Thursday , American occupation troops rolling through the city were attacked by a grenade .
In response , they shot a killed a 12 - year - old boy , Omar Musa Salih , who was standing on the roadside selling fruit juice .
Although eyewitnesses on the scene said the boy had not thrown the grenade -- they had seen , with their own eyes , an older man lobbing it toward the Americans -- President Obama 's Pentagon insisted that the dead boy was an " insurgent " who deserved to die .
Their proof ?
He had a handful of Iraqi dinars -- less than $ 9 -- in his hand when they inspected his corpse .
So that means he was in the pay of terrorists , you see .
" We have every reason to believe that insurgents are paying children to conduct these attacks or assist the attackers in some capacity , undoubtedly placing the children in harm 's way , " a faceless " U.S. military spokesman " told McClatchy , in an email .
Smearing the victim : a dead child -- oh , how noble , how civilized , how redolent of honor !
You can certainly understand why no one would want to attach their face or name -- or even their voice -- to such a depraved , shameless and cowardly apologia .
For as McClatchy notes , there is no evidence whatsoever that young Omar was involved in the attack ; quite the contrary , in fact :
.... eyewitnesses said the boy , identified as Omar Musa Salih , was standing by the side of the road selling fruit juice - a common practice in Iraq -- and had nothing to do with the attack .
A friend , Ahmed Jassim , 15 , said he was selling cans of Pepsi nearby when he heard the grenade explode .
He dove behind a parked car , then heard the roar of machine gun fire .
" When the shooting was over and the patrol went away , I stood and I saw Omar on the ground covered with blood , " Jassim said .
Another witness , Ahmed IzAldeen , 56 , said he saw the person who threw the grenade .
It was n't the boy , but a man in his twenties , he said .
IzAldeen said he saw the man standing behind a truck holding the grenade as the American patrol approached ....
" When attacked , the Americans just open fire , whether on the gunman or just randomly , " said Usama Al Nujaifi , a member of Parliament from Mosul .
" The American presence in the cities is wrong , we urged them to stay outside from the beginning . "
American combat forces are supposed to pull out of all cities by June 30 under an agreement signed last year that hands security over to Iraqi forces .
But the two sides have discussed pushing back the deadline , especially in the most violent cities , such as Mosul .
Oh yes , these " deadlines " will doubtless prove to be infinitely flexible , easily extended ; after all , President Obama has consistently reiterated his determination to be guided by the advice of his military officials and by " the facts on the ground " in implementing his scheme to remove some American troops from Iraq while leaving tens of thousands behind : a process of streamlined occupation that for some reason is called a " withdrawal . "
But the lives of children are not so flexible , not so extendable .
Omar Salih will not get up again .
" Friends of the Salih family said he was the oldest of 6 children , " McClatchy writes .
" He quit school in the first grade , when he was six or seven years old .
He was well - known in the Ras Al - Jadda neighborhood , where the attack took place . "
He quit school at six or seven ; that is , in 2003 or 2004 , in the midst or in the aftermath of the American invasion .
His life was spent on the street , trying to earn a pittance for his family .
And now he is damned as a terrorist by the most powerful , most " advanced " nation in the world -- because he had a few strips of colored paper in his hand when he was gunned down at his fruit stand .
As we 've noted several times in recent days , this is an inevitable result of military occupations in hostile lands : all of the natives come to be seen as the enemy -- children , women , the old and weak included .
All are deemed imminent and / or potential threats by the conquerors , who live steeped in fear and incomprehension and anger at the " ingratitude " and hostility and recalcitrance of the locals .
And so , ultimately , every civilian death can be " justified " -- because there are no civilians .
There are just Them -- and Us .
And whatever
We do to protect ourselves from Them -- or to put Them in their place -- is rightful and just and should not be questioned .
This is the logic of the conqueror , the logic of domination .
And it is the foundation and the philosophy of the War on Terror that America 's bipartisan political class -- past and present , conservative and " progressive " -- has so enthusiastically embraced .
II .
This week reports emerged about the possible use of white phosphorus shells in the American bombing assault last week that killed more than 140 children , women and old men who were taking shelter from a battle several miles away .
These chemical weapons are " legal " when used " to illuminate a target or create smoke , " but are illegal under international law if used purposely as a weapon .
Of course , in dealing with attacks on populated areas -- the very heart of Terror War " counterinsurgency " -- this is a distinction without a difference .
The shells explode in the midst of homes and streets , throwing their searing , unquenchable chemical gel everywhere , causing unbearable agony and permanent damage to the afflicted .
However , the inherent ambiguity of carrying out military operations in civilian areas provides convenient cover for the use of this chemical weapon to put the natives in their place .
( As we saw in Fallujah , for example , and most recently in Gaza . )
As always , the illumination - bringers in the American war machine blame someone else for the strange , horrific burns that doctors have discovered among the survivors of the massacre .
After denying the use of white phosphorus in the attack for any reason , they first suggested that it was the Taliban who lobbed the advanced chemical weapon into villages that Afghan officials and the International Red Cross say were devastated by American bombs .
Then they said the burns might have been caused by propane tanks exploding during the bombardment .
But doctors dealing directly with the victims scoffed at this , as AP reports :
Dr. Mohammad Aref Jalali , the head of the burn unit at the Herat Regional Hospital in western Afghanistan who has treated five patients wounded in the battle , described the burns as " unusual . "
" I think it 's the result of a chemical used in a bomb , but I 'm not sure what kind of chemical .
But if it was a result of a burning house — from petrol or gas cylinders — that kind of burn would look different , " he said .
Gul Ahmad Ayubi , the deputy head of Farah 's health department , said the province 's main hospital had received 14 patients after the battle , all with burn wounds .
Five patients were sent to Herat .
" There has been other airstrikes in Farah in the past .
We had injuries from those battles , but this is the first time we have seen such burns on the bodies .
I 'm not sure what kind of bomb it was , " he said .
U.N. human rights investigators have also seen " extensive " burn wounds on victims and have raised questions about how the injuries were caused , said a U.N. official who asked not to be identified talking about internal deliberations .
These new concerns come amidst new calls for an investigation of an earlier chemical weapon attack , which left an eight - year - old girl , Razia , with " her face an almost unrecognisable mess of burnt tissue and half her scalp a bald scar . "
She is the first known civilian victim of white phosphorus in Afghanistan .
As Reuters reports :
" The kids called out to me that I was burning but the explosion was so strong that for a moment I was deaf and could n't hear anything , " her father , Aziz Rahman , told Reuters .
" And then my wife screamed ' the kids are burning ' and she was also burning , " he added , his face clouding over at the memory .
The flames that consumed his family were fed by a chemical called white phosphorous , which U.S. medical staff at Bagram said they found on Razia 's face and neck .
It bursts into fierce fire on contact with the air and can stick to and even penetrate flesh as it burns ....
Colonel Gregory Julian , a spokesman for the commander of U.S. and NATO forces in Afghanistan , General David McKiernan , confirmed that Western forces in the country use the chemical .
" In the case of white phosphorus it is used on the battlefield in certain applications ...
It is used as an incendiary to destroy bunkers and enemy equipment ; it 's used for illumination " ...
Razia and her family are the first known civilian casualties of its use in Afghanistan .
As in the recent massacre , occupation officials point to the Taliban as the culprit in the chemical weapon attack -- a claim belied by experts on the region .
But in the AP story on the massacre , Julian is suddenly asserting that " military officials believe that Taliban militants have used white phosphorus at least four times in Afghanistan in the past two years . "
We have heard nothing of this before , nor have any Afghan government official or acknowledged specialists .
These charges of Taliban chemical weapons emerged only after Human Rights Watch began pushing the story of Razia 's plight and the doctors in Herat found the strange burns in the massacre survivors .
As Reuters reports :
U.S. Major Jennifer Willis suggested instead that the Taliban had fired the shot : " An enemy mortar team , known to have been operating in that area , may have been responsible . "
The Afghan government , military specialists and experts on the Taliban told Reuters , however , that insurgents have never been observed using white phosphorus .
The only forces on the battlefield known to use it are the United States and NATO .
" I am not aware that the Taliban have used this in any of their attacks , " said Zaher Murad , a Defence Ministry spokesman .
Ahmed Rashid , Pakistan - based author of a widely acclaimed book on the hardline Islamists , said that he was also not aware of such reports .
" To think they ( the Taliban ) are employing white phosphorus as a weapon in their arsenal is very far - fetched , " said Marc Garlasco , senior military analyst at Human Rights Watch and a former senior intelligence analyst at the Pentagon .
" The U.S. has optics that will allow them to see through the smoke , so it is useless for ( the Taliban ) .
They do n't need to illuminate because that is telegraphing to the United States where they are going to go and fight .
Plus they know the area .
They want high explosive to shock and kill ; flames raining down from the sky are n't going to frighten the U.S. forces . "
NATO spokeswoman Willis said insurgents had been observed using white phosphorus weapons in the past .
Asked to provide examples of the Taliban using the chemical , she wrote back to say that she was unable to do so .
Yet even here , as with the " child insurgents " of Mosul , the Pentagon can do no more than wanly assert its " belief " that such things could be going on .
No proof is offered .
There is only the bristling attempt to thrust away any responsibility , to deflect , distract , smear -- and obfuscate the inescapable realities of subjugating another nation by force .
Whatever the good intentions of this or that ordinary individual serving in the occupation forces -- such as the military doctors who saved what was left of Razia 's life -- the underlying logic of domination will have its way , churning relentlessly through the bodies of innocent people caught up -- deliberately or " collaterally " -- in the brutal power of foreign forces which should not be in their land .
III .
I wrote a piece last year about the lasting effects of those insescapable realities of subjugation .
Although it deals with a different area of the Terror War , I 'd like to close with an excerpt from it -- for , unfortunately , it is just as relevant as ever , if not more so .
From " Written on the Body : The Reality of War " ( see original for links ) :
[ In ] these heated debates on policy , strategy , funding , etc. [ of the Terror War ] , there is always a danger of losing sight of the most overwhelmingly important aspect of the conflict : its effects on actual human beings , the suffering it imposes on our fellow creatures .
The reality of war is written on the bodies – and seared into the anguished psyches – of the individuals who experience it .
That is what war is , that is where it actually exists – in blood , in bone , in the synapses that carry the electric fire of human consciousness .
A new report from Fallujah – the Guernica of the Iraq War – brings this home most forcefully .
Two of the great witnesses of this war – Dahr Jamail and his collaborator , Ali al - Fadhily – present disturbing evidence of how the use of chemical weapons against the people of Fallujah during the brutal decimation the city in 2004 continues to bear horrific fruit today :
Babies born in Fallujah are showing illnesses and deformities on a scale never seen before , doctors and residents say .
The new cases , and the number of deaths among children , have risen after " special weaponry " was used in the two massive bombing campaigns in Fallujah in 2004 .
After denying it at first , the Pentagon admitted in November 2005 that white phosphorous , a restricted incendiary weapon , was used a year earlier in Fallujah .
In addition , depleted uranium ( DU ) munitions , which contain low - level radioactive waste , were used heavily in Fallujah .
The Pentagon admits to having used 1,200 tons of DU in Iraq thus far .
Many doctors believe DU to be the cause of a severe increase in the incidence of cancer in Iraq , as well as among US veterans who served in the 1991 Gulf War and through the current occupation .
" We saw all the colors of the rainbow coming out of the exploding American shells and missiles , " Ali Sarhan , a 50 - year - old teacher who lived through the two US sieges of 2004 told IPS .
" I saw bodies that turned into bones and coal right after they were exposed to bombs that we learned later to be phosphorus .
The most worrying is that many of our women have suffered loss of their babies , and some had babies born with deformations . "
" I had two children who had brain damage from birth , " 28 - year - old Hayfa ' Shukur told IPS .
" My husband has been detained by the Americans since November 2004 and so I had to take the children around by myself to hospitals and private clinics .
They died .
I spent all our savings and borrowed a considerable amount of money .... "
This is the fate of the actual human beings in Fallujah .
Behind all the debates and commentary , the think - tank wonkery , the campaign rhetoric , the academic studies and the witlessrantings of TV talking heads , this is the war : a young woman wandering through a ruined city , carrying her broken , dying children to hospitals left without medicine or gear ...
I ended the piece with a quote I 've used before , from Italo Calvino , because it is , as I said then , " one of the very best encapsulations of the horror , and hope , of our human condition " :
fastbreeder
An experimental genetic programming synthesiser .
This program is free software , developed for linux , using jack for audio .
Fastbreeder is essentially a 4 button synth .
The idea is to grow code by choosing from a range of automatically generated variations of functions , you do n't have to know how they work , but each function creates a sound which can be selected by you .
The following generation is then created containing mutants of your chosen sound .
You can refine and develop the sound just by auditioning and choosing the best one each time .
The interface shows you the code graphically , as a tree .
These trees are attempts to clearly represent code structure , giving you some feedback on what is being evolved .
Conventional listings are not that informative with GP ( genetic programming ) , as deeply functional code such as this is hard to read linearly ( see below ) .
what does it sound like ?
Lets just say I have n't been using it to evolve the perfect piano sound .
A harvest of sounds , with source code for further evolution .
basics
requirements
download
Latest version : fastbreeder -1.0.1.tar.gz ( thanks to Atte André Jensen for updating , I also removed the dependancy on libspiralcore )
Older versions :
fastbreeder -1.0.0b2.tar.gz
building
After downloading and untar-ing , type :
sudo scons install
documentation
Using fastbreeder is extremely simple , and is partly designed for live use ( although I have n't been brave enough to play it through a PA yet , let me know if you do ! ) .
There are no mappings for control other than playing the sounds , although osc commands could be read to provide terminal data for the functions , I have n't implemented it yet .
At startup , the interface presents 4 random functions , the user can select one with the left mouse button which sends it to the audio synth for playing , and causes the 3 other functions to be overwritten by mutated versions of the chosen function .
The right mouse button auditions the selected function without changing the other functions , and middle mouse button randomises all the functions again .
Fastbreeder consists of two programs - one , written in python , does all the GP , builds the interface and supplies strings of code ( in a lisp like format ) to the second program - written in C++ which creates a synthesis graph from the code description , and generates the audio in realtime .
As a side note , the server interprets the code from a single / synth OSC command , so it is possible to use on it's own as a very simple synth with live coding possibilities .
Again , I have n't tried this yet , let me know if you do .
operators
In a system such as this , it is tempting to provide the program with lots of specialist atomic operators , but I 've tried to remain purist in my approach with fastbreeder , and keep the emphasis on the evolution of the code .
These are the only operators it supports at this time :
addition (+)
subtraction (-)
multiplication (*)
division (/)
modulo ( %)
sine ( sin )
cosine ( cos )
There are another type of atomic operators which take no arguments , and as such are leaf nodes of the code tree :
constant numbers
current time
Internally , the code used to pass evolved synth descriptions to the audio engine is similar to lisp , this is due to the fact it was easy for me to write a parser for , and it 's very suitable for this kind of functional code .
( sin ( * time 440 ) )
This is about as simple as it gets , and produces a sine tone at 440 hz .
As you generate interesting sounds , you are able to save the code to text files to modify , or reuse later on , for further evolution .
This is an example of a generated function :
(- (* (* (/ (/ (/ 713.662104415 445.034158546 ) (- 490.692993367 559.51504981 ) ) ( * time 660.128287744 ) ) ( % 590.971081136 ( * (- 23.1423968616 785.746653358 ) time ) ) ) (/ (/ (* ( sin 226.663113211 ) (* 245.756462957 409.931439243 ) ) (* (* 316.450983547 935.411202816 ) (/ 516.391765424 836.037528668 ) ) ) ( % 385.016263895 ( sin (* 427.285664609 840.056760839 ) ) ) ) ) (/ (+ (+ (+ (- 642.220260107 364.11006353 ) time ) time ) ( % ( sin ( cos 599.645167648 ) ) time ) ) ( sin (- ( cos time ) 999.4616109 ) ) ) )
Good job you do n't need to understand them , huh :)
mutation and evolution
Genetic programming is concerned with the evolution of tree structures ( describing code ) .
For more information on the current thinking in this field , see the main GP website .
Currently fastbreeder is restricted to simple mutation of existing trees - no crossover between parent trees has been implemented yet , and only a small amount of mutational operations .
subtree duplication
Pick a random function node , and copy it to another random function node .
This duplicates subtree that comprised the function 's arguments .
It is also possible to create a recursive step , as a function can duplicate a function tree within itself .
Duplication also causes the terminal nodes to be randomised , really this should be a seperate mutation operation .
subtree removal
Pick a random function node , and set it to a random terminal .
This removes the entire subtree that comprised the function 's arguments .
This probably is n't needed , as duplication can cause similar effects , but it keeps code size down .
links
A recent article in Slate calls Battlestar Galactica a safe haven for " chauvinist pigs . "
But all you have to do is look at representations of men in this show to see its feminist side .
( NSFW )
Advertisement
Slate 's Juliet Lapidos says Battlestar never lived up to the feminist agenda that its detractors accused it of having .
If you 'll recall , the new series ' transformation of the macho pilot Starbuck from cigar - chomping dude to cigar - chomping chick caused a huge ruckus .
And certainly many of the women on the show have mastered traditional male roles within the military and politics .
But , argues Lapidos :
There 's plenty to make a feminist squirm .
Perhaps because science fiction has historically appealed to men who do n't leave home much , the genre has often used alien mores and alien technology to rationalize pornographic depictions of near - naked women .
( Think Jabba the Hutt forcing Princess Leia to wear that ridiculous gold bikini in Return of the Jedi . )
Battlestar is no exception .
When Cylons die , their memories download into an identical - looking body on a resurrection ship .
This process , almost without exception , happens off - screen for the male Cylons , but when a fembot dies she flies through a vaguely fallopian - looking tube then wakes up nude in a vat of goo .
Overtly , these are birth scenes .
But they are hypersexualized - with lingering thigh - shots and orgasmic - sounding gasping . . .
[ Also ] rape is a trope on the show : Starbuck finds herself in a bizarre insemination farm on the Cylon - occupied planet Caprica , and Adm .
Cain orders some cronies to rape and torture a Cylon in " Razor . "
Naturally the show does n't condone rape , but it 's discomfiting that the writers drop sexual violence into the script so often without comment .
If nothing else , this pervasive threat - directed only at women - negates the idea that Battlestar conjures a gender - blind universe .
Advertisement
Some of Lapidos ' points are good - she points out that most of the strong female characters are sick or dying , and notes that Cally is a weird throwback to hysterical women of the Victorian era .
She also explains that while men like Adama and Tigh have enduring friendships in the show , we see few women with such relationships to each other .
Still , I think she 's missing the point when she says that the show is n't feminist because the women are sexualized and because the story is not " gender - blind . "
And that 's because the gender politics of this show cannot be understand without looking at how men in it are treated .
Men Are Sex Objects
While I think it 's debatable whether the tubs of goo are the place where women in the show are sexualized , there can be no doubt that the male characters are treated like sex objects at every turn .
Maybe the scenes with the naked hybrid in goo , or Cavil waking up in goo , are not very sexy .
But certainly a shirtless Lee or Helo is .
And they are shirtless a lot .
For no reason other than to titillate us .
Advertisement
Not only that , but Lee is treated like a worthless slut by Starbuck , who constantly uses him for sex and then discards him for a hunkier , more marriageable guy ( Anders ) .
And Lee is n't the only man who is treated like a piece of sex meat for women to toy with .
Baltar , who is practically the embodiment of weakness and emotional hysteria , is repeatedly used as a sex toy by cylon women like Number Six , Tory , and Number Three ( D'Anna ) .
When Baltar is held prisoner on the cylon ship , he 's virtually a sex slave .
The cylon women keep him locked in his quarters , where he 's never allowed to get dressed ( he wears an awful robe the whole time ) and his main duty ( other than being horrifically tortured ) is to sexually service Number Six and Three - often at the same time .
And given that he looks terrified and cries practically the whole time , I do n't think he 's living out a sex fantasy .
I think he 's being sexually tortured and enslaved .
Advertisement
Other men who are used for their bodies include Anders , who is one of Starbuck 's playthings ;
Tigh , who is Ellen 's sex toy ; and Gaeta , who is horribly used by Boomer on New Caprica .
Advertisement
Men Are Abuse Victims
Starbuck bashes Leoben 's face with her fist , repeatedly .
She waterboards him .
She screams at him and throws him out an airlock .
She does not rape him the way the human men rape the female cylons , because Battlestar Galactica is not a gender - blind universe :
It is a universe where the genders are equal as workers , but still bear their slightly different historical burdens .
And so women torture men , but not in exactly the same way men torture women .
The cylons torture Tigh nearly to death on New Caprica .
They even put out his eye , destroying a classic symbol of male virility and dominance .
Advertisement
And although men are not raped in the same way women are , I would argue that Baltar 's torture by Head Six , as well as his torture on the cylon Base Ship , are very close to rape .
What do you call it when Three physically brutalizes Baltar until he screams in agony , and then makes him have sex with her later ?
It is not erotic .
It is violent and horrifying .
Women also rape each other .
In last week 's episode , Boomer escaped from prison , then beat the shit out of her sister Eight , Athena .
She then tied Athena up and put her in a storage locker where she could watch Boomer have sex with Athena 's husband Helo ( who ca n't tell the identical cylons apart , and believes he 's sleeping with his wife ) .
It 's a shocking and disturbing scene precisely because it's a form of sexual torture .
Advertisement
Also , one of the most harrowing rape scenes in the entire series is ordered by a woman - Admiral Cain - to be visited on her one - time lover Six .
After she discovers the woman she 's been dating is a cylon , Cain has her thrown in the brig and orders the prison guards to torture and rape her .
The horrifying result , when we see the traumatized , raped Six lying on the floor of her cell and refusing to eat , is the first moment in the series when we truly understand why the cylons are often right to hate the humans .
The multitude of these scenes does raise the question of why BSG shows so many women being raped during torture , but not men .
I think it 's because as long as we do n't have artificial wombs , a feminist world will never be completely gender - blind .
One of the central fixations of this show is reproduction .
The human president at one point outlaws abortion because she wants to increase the size of the ailing Fleet .
And the cylons are constantly trying to figure out how to reproduce " naturally " without using the resurrection goo .
This desire to use women as vessels for reproduction shows up in the way men and women are treated when they are prisoners of war .
Advertisement
Although men and women are equal on Galactica , there is one crucial difference between them .
When you dehumanize a female prisoner , you turn her into a battered womb .
When you dehumanize a male , you simply beat him any way you can .
Male Friendship Is Predicated On Violence and Drunkenness
There are no long - term close relationships between women on BSG , and there is only one long - term relationship between two men .
Admiral Adama and Commander
Tigh are the two highest - ranking officers on Galactica , the ship that leads the entire Fleet , and they are buddies from way back when the humans fought the cylons the first time around .
Advertisement
Their friendship is touching at times , but they seem incapable of expressing affection towards each other unless they are destructively drunk .
And most of the time , their comraderie is shot through with rage and mistrust .
They spend more time beating each other up than any other two characters , including humans and cylons at war with each other .
And of course , it also turns out that Tigh is a cylon , so our only enduring friendship is not between two human men , but between a man and a machine .
Because
Tigh turns out to be a cylon , this one example of male friendship is also founded on a betrayal .
Advertisement
It is truly hard to say which gender has it worse in this situation .
Is it more awful to be a woman in a world where women never have close relationships , or to be a man in a world where the only way you can express brotherly love is through violence ?
Male Leaders Are Often Weak and Make Decisions Based on Intuition
I have always disliked Roslin 's character , partly because she 's a female leader who gets religion and bases her leadership on feelings .
But viewed in the context of male leaders like Adama , Zarek , and Baltar , Roslin 's weak - minded reliance on emotion puts her smack - dab in the middle of the old boys ' club .
Advertisement
Adama is a great military leader , but he frequently lets his feelings for his son Lee and ( almost ) daughter - in - law Starbuck get in the way of good decision - making .
Last season , when the Fleet was being menaced by cylons , he held up their mission for a whole month while Starbuck traipsed around in a ship with Helo and a sizable crew questing to find Earth , based on a vision she had .
During that mission , Gaeta loses his leg , indirectly leading to his later mutiny with Zarek .
He also appoints Lee head of the Pegasus after Admiral Cain is shot , which turns out to be a terrible idea because Lee is n't ready for a leadership role .
Advertisement
Meanwhile , Zarek and Baltar embody the weak - willed but power - hungry types who lurk behind true power trying to influence by manipulation .
In Baltar 's case , that often means sexual manipulation , especially when he creates his army of devoted fangirls .
Zarek first manipulates the Fleet by claiming victim status when he's in prison , and gains political power for this reason .
Then , during the mutiny , he secretly slaughters the entire Quorum rather than trying to lead them .
These are not male leaders whose strength and honor cast long shadows over a series of weak and ineffectual female characters .
Instead , they are weak and compromised , ruled by the same hysterical emotions that women were once accused of possessing in such quantity that it disqualified them from leadership roles .
Advertisement
Men and Women Are Equals on Battlestar Galactica
If we define feminism as the critique of a world where men unfairly wield power over women , then BSG is post - feminist .
In other words , that critique is no longer necessary in the world of BSG :
The show more or less successfully depicts a universe where women and men are equal in the realms of work and family .
However , BSG was not made in a post - feminist world , so there are all kinds of hiccups where you get retrograde characters like Cally , or naked cylon chick fetishism , that are relics of our own society , which still so desperately needs a feminist slap upside the head on a regular basis .
But I strongly believe that BSG should be considered a contender for the status of feminist story in the genre of science fiction - and indeed , in any genre of television .
And this is n't just because it depicts women in positions of power , honor , and competence , but also because it depicts men as possessing the same weaknesses and flaws that women do .
Advertisement
The project of feminism is n't just about changing women 's roles in society , but to change male roles too .
You can not have one without the other .
That 's why feminism , to my mind , should n't preach for a gender - blind society , but rather one where men and women share the burdens of life equally .
As long as we are reproducing the old - fashioned biological way , it will be impossible for us to be gender - blind .
But at least , in BSG , we get glimpses of what it might look like to live in a world both women and men can be commanders , fighter pilots , presidents - and both men and women can be sex objects , suffer from emotional overload , fear the physical wrath of the opposite sex , and gain power via subterfuge and manipulation .
Feminism , as BSG makes clear , wo n't turn us all into saints .
It will just make us all capable of achieving the same levels of social power , as well as the same nadirs of social humiliation and defeat .
Bill Gates on corruption , aid and Gordon Brown Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Microsoft magnate and philanthropist Bill Gates talks to Newsnight 's Kirsty Wark about Italy 's aid targets , the need to help countries even where corruption is rife and UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown 's political future .
MOST POPULAR VIDEO / AUDIO Editor 's Choice Improvements to the BBC News Website
“ He said he needed 150 of them .
I said to him , ‘ Are you out of your mind ? ’ ” recalled Felix Atlasman , the store ’s owner .
Nothing in stock appealed to Mr. Tompkins , so Mr. Atlasman faxed over a few black - and - white pages from a catalog .
Despite a brown - and - tan color scheme , model No. BY405- 0786 caught Mr. Tompkins ’s eye .
A simple plastic webbed folding chair , it was the kind of thing “ our grandmothers used to bring to the beach on the Jersey Shore , ” he said .
Sold , 150 at $ 19.99 apiece .
( Later , the group bought several loungers in the same style , at $ 28.34 each . )
Meanwhile , an alliance security supervisor called up an old friend in Brooklyn : Matthew Pintchik , whose eponymous hardware store is a Park Slope staple .
“ They did n’t want to spend a lot of money because clearly whatever was invested in these chairs would be disposed of , ” Mr. Pintchik recalled in a telephone interview .
He offered the alliance a discount on a line of Ace Hardware neon green and pink rubber chairs , 200 at $ 10.74 apiece .
The store has since received calls about whether the model is still available for purchase .
“ People liked the fact that they were sort of campy , ” said Mr. Pintchik ’s brother , Michael .
“ It ’s too bad we did n’t know , otherwise we would have ordered them in bulk . ”
Despite the daily wear and tear , attrition has stayed low .
After two weeks , only 25 of the nearly 400 chairs and loungers have been taken out of service .
Fifteen others were reported stolen , and two more were picked off by an errant fire truck , according to Mr. Tompkins .
( “ It was n’t going fast , ” he added hastily . )
In some ways , the attention paid to the chairs reflects the more consequential civic debate at the heart of the Broadway project : what is the best use of public space ?
Haumea is one of the strangest known objects in the solar system .
It is as big across as Pluto but shaped like a cigar or perhaps an American football .
These two images show the two extremes of its appearance as it spins .
The dwarf planets and other objects that litter the Kuiper belt in the far reaches of our solar system are a strange bunch , but astronomers have found what they think might be the weirdest one .
Discovered on Dec. 28 , 2004 ( catalogued as 2003 EL61 and nicknamed " Santa " for a time ) , the minor planet now known as the dwarf planet Haumea , to honor its Hawaiian discovery , is as big across as Pluto and one - third of its mass , but shaped something " like a big squashed cigar , " said one of the astronomers who studies the object , Mike Brown of Caltech .
From its shape to its satellites , Haumea is a strange object , but one that could shed light on the history of collisions in the solar system , as well as the early environment of the Kuiper belt , which sits out beyond the orbit of Neptune .
Fastest spinner
When astronomers first found this object , they noticed that it was getting brighter and fainter by about 25 percent every two hours .
If it were round , that observation would likely mean the object rotates every two hours , an incredible rate that would rip it apart , Brown said .
Astronomers determined that it was more likely that Haumea is elongated and rotating every four hours .
" We see this thing tumbling end over end getting brighter and fainter , " Brown said .
Haumea is the fastest spinning object in the solar system .
The object 's odd shape is a direct result of the spin .
" Because of this spin , it pulls itself outward " at the equator in a bulge , Brown explained .
The Earth has a less pronounced version of this bulge for the same reason .
The hyperactive spin of Haumea means that if you were standing on its surface , " your gravity would be very different , " Brown said .
Specifically , it would hold you down with much less of a grip than the Earth .
" The faster it spins , the more it wants to fling you outward , " Brown said .
But Haumea 's football shape and frantic spin are n't the only weird things about it .
It also has an unusual satellite .
Surprise satellite
Several Kuiper belt objects are known to each have a satellite orbiting them , thought in many cases to be a smaller body captured by the bigger object 's gravity .
But it was apparent that Haumea 's satellite , Hi'iaka did n't fit that mold .
" It 's way too small to be one of these captured objects , " Brown said .
It was also made of water ice .
It turned out that Hi'iaka did fit the situation of a body hitting Haumea and scattering ice debris throughout the area .
Haumea is big enough that it differentiated , like the Earth , so that its heaviest components settled to the core and the lightest , specifically ice , stayed at the surface .
So when it collided , the pieces that were spewed out were mostly pure ice , the thinking goes .
Big collision
Subsequent observations of Hi'iaka determined its orbit and turned up another surprise : a second satellite , Namaka .
No other Kuiper belt object is known to possess more than one satellite .
Namaka is another product of the collision that shattered Haumea , likely sometime during the early history of the solar system , which formed 4.5 billion years ago .
The suspected collision tells astronomers something about the early Kuiper belt .
Haumea is a fairly big object and was likely hit by something similarly hefty .
But " pretty big objects are pretty rare , " Brown said , so either this was a chance strike , or there were more large objects in the early Kuiper belt object than there are at present .
Brown says astronomers have no idea what might have happened to those objects -- whether they might have broken up in collisions or disappeared in some other scenario .
Hi'iaka and Namaka are n't the only products of the collision ; smaller shards also flew off the dwarf planet , settling into similar orbits around the Kuiper belt .
" They go from the size of 100 miles across for the biggest one to ice balls , " Brown said .
The setup makes Haumea 's name a perfect fit : Haumea was the Hawaiian goddess of childbirth , and the mother of many other Hawaiian deities ( including Hi'iaka and Namaka ) , who were all born as chunks taken from her .
Scattered icecubes
Brown and his colleagues have found 10 of the biggest chunks from Haumea scattered around the Kuiper belt ( and are naming them after more of Haumea 's children ) .
Others are sure to turn up , and likely have already been found , but no one knew what they actually were .
" We have to realize that things that we already know in the Kuiper belt are shards , " Brown said .
Finding these bits of debris from Haumea 's collision is a rare opportunity .
" You ca n't do that anywhere else in the solar system , " Brown said .
Studying the shards and their distribution will not only shed light on the collision that broke up Haumea , but could help scientists better understand other such collisions , such as the one that created the moon from the infant Earth , for which the evidence is long gone .
In those situations , " the shards all go away , Brown said , which makes Haumea " our best chance " to understand these other collisions .
These " big cubes of ice , " as Brown describes them , also dispelled one notion about the nature of the Kuiper belt .
Astronomers had thought that dust in the region would coat any objects and obscure their true surface .
But " these things look like beautiful ice cubes , " Brown said .
This finding means that when the surfaces of other Kuiper belt objects are observed , astronomers can better assume they are looking at the object 's actual surface , not dust .
Asked if there were any ideas as to why the dust was n't coating the ice shards , Brown replied , " No. None . Zero . "
More mysteries
Despite the recent insights , much remains a mystery about Haumea .
Its exact shape , for one thing , is not precisely known .
Its internal structure is n't well known either .
Astronomers know it has a rocky core , but whether there is a heavier iron core within that is uncertain .
The timing of eclipses with Haumea 's satellites could help determine this because an iron core would cause certain changes in the timing of those eclipses do its heavier pull .
Brown and his colleagues plan to observe these eclipses with ground - based telescopes over the next few years .
Observing Haumea 's satellites will also help astronomers better constrain the object 's mass .
One particularly exciting observation will be made with the renewed Hubble Space Telescope in a few weeks .
Hubble will watch an occultation of Haumea 's two satellite , an event that occurs only twice every 300 years .
The timing of the passage of one of the satellites in front of the other is only known to within about five hours .
With Hubble 's precise observation , that timing can be narrowed down to within a matter of seconds .
The observation will tell astronomers more precisely where the satellites are in orbit around Haumea , Brown explained .
Observations such as these just can't be done with the other Kuiper belt objects -- Haumea is a special case .
" Haumea is the only one out there that we can do this with , " Brown said .
Pakistan officially objects to the strikes by pilotless US aircraft
At least 43 people have died in missile strikes by a US drone aircraft in a militant stronghold of Pakistan , a Taliban spokesman has told the BBC .
The people killed in South Waziristan had been attending the funeral of a militant commander who had been killed in an earlier strike .
The attack came as the Pakistani army prepared a new offensive in the area .
South Waziristan is the main stronghold of the Taliban leader in Pakistan , Baitullah Mehsud .
A Mehsud spokesman told the BBC that 43 people , including five militants , had been killed in the missile strikes .
He said that many more had been injured , some seriously .
Maulana Noor Seyeed said no senior Taliban members had been killed .
One unnamed intelligence official quoted by the Reuters news agency said that Tuesday 's attack happened when people were leaving the funeral of the militant commander .
" Three missiles were fired by drones as people were dispersing after offering funeral prayers for Niazi Wali , " the official said , referring to a militant commander killed in an earlier drone attack .
A military official said the army had no information of the attack .
Seeking isolation
There have been more than 35 US strikes since last August - killing over 340 people - and most have landed in the North and South Waziristan tribal regions .
Profile : Baitullah Mehsud Long war against Taliban Pakistan has been publicly critical of drone attacks , arguing that they kill civilians and fuel support for militants like Baitullah Mehsud .
The US military does not routinely confirm drone attacks but the armed forces and the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) operating in Afghanistan are believed to be the only forces capable of deploying drones in the region .
In March , US President Barack Obama said his government would consult Pakistan on drone attacks .
In a separate incident earlier on Tuesday , tribal leader Qari Zainuddin - who often criticised Baitullah Mehsud - was shot dead by a gunman in north - western Pakistan .
Earlier this month , Zainuddin criticised Mehsud after an attack on a mosque which killed 33 people .
But Zainuddin 's killing is being seen as a setback for the government , says the BBC's Mike Wooldridge in Islamabad .
The government is seeking to isolate Mehsud ahead of the security forces ' next phase of their anti-Taliban offensive in the tribal areas bordering Afghanistan , our correspondents says .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Iran ' will not yield ' over poll
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Iran 's supreme leader has said the nation " will not yield to pressure " over a disputed presidential election .
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei again said the result would stand , despite protests in which several people have died .
The main protest leader , Mir Hossein Mousavi , has not been seen in public for days , but his website quoted his wife saying protests would continue .
Eyewitness reports said about 200 protesters had tried to gather in central Tehran on Wednesday .
See map of central Tehran The Iranian news channel Press TV reported that they had been dispersed by security forces .
It said the gathering , in Baharestan Square , had been planned in advance and there was a heavy police presence .
Severe reporting restrictions placed on the BBC and other foreign media mean many reports from the country cannot be verified independently .
IRAN UNREST 12 June Presidential election saw incumbent Mahmoud Ahmadinejad re-elected with 63 % of vote Main challenger Mir Hossein Mousavi called for result to be annulled on grounds of electoral fraud Street protests saw at least 17 people killed and foreign media restricted
Q&A : Election aftermath How Iran is ruled
Who 's who in Iran Iran : Send your questions On Mr Mousavi 's website , his wife Zahra Rahnavard was also quoted as demanding the release of people detained since the election , who include 25 employees of her husband 's newspaper .
" It is my duty to continue legal protests to preserve Iranian rights , " she was quoted as saying on the website .
Street protests
At least 17 people have been killed in street protests since the 12 June poll returned President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to power .
Mr Mousavi alleges the election was rigged , and is demanding a re-run .
In other developments , another defeated candidate , the moderate Mehdi Karoubi , reportedly denounced the new government as " illegitimate " , Reuters reported on Wednesday .
" I do not accept the result and therefore consider as illegitimate the new government .
Because of the irregularities , the vote should be annulled , " he is quoted as saying on his website .
Iran , which has blamed foreign governments for inflaming the protests , has said it is " reviewing " whether to downgrade relations with the UK as diplomatic tensions between the two countries increased .
London has moved to expel two Iranian diplomats in response to Tehran 's decision to order two UK diplomats to leave Iran .
A spokesman for British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said Downing Street was monitoring the situation .
" Iran 's decision to try to turn what are clearly internal matters for Iran into a conflict with the UK and others is deeply regrettable and without foundation , " he said .
Defiant message
The ayatollah , whose earlier command to stop street protests went unheeded , said : " I had insisted and will insist on implementing the law on the election issue .
He added : " Neither the establishment nor the nation will yield to pressure at any cost . "
He had earlier agreed to extend by five days the amount of time allowed to examine complaints of electoral fraud .
However , the Guardian Council , Iran 's electoral body , said there was " no major fraud or breach in the election " .
Reports say that 25 journalists and other staff at the Kalemeh Sabz newspaper owned by Mr Mousavi had been arrested .
AFP quoted one of the newspaper 's editors saying that five women staff members had been released .
The paper , launched in the run-up to the election , has already been shut down by authorities .
Back to story
Are you in Iran ?
What do you think of the current situation ?
Are you taking part in the demonstrations ?
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Update on Computer Science Student 's Computer Seizure
In April , I blogged about the Boston police seizing a student ’s computer for , among other things , running Linux .
( Anyone who runs Linux instead of Windows is obviously a scary bad hacker . )
Last week , the Massachusetts Supreme Court threw out the search warrant :
Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court Associate Justice Margot Botsford on Thursday said that Boston College and Massachusetts State Police had insufficient evidence to search the dorm room of BC senior Riccardo Calixte .
During the search , police confiscated a variety of electronic devices , including three laptop computers , two iPod music players , and two cellphones .
Police obtained a warrant to search Calixte ’s dorm after a roommate accused him of breaking into the school ’s computer network to change other students ’ grades , and of spreading a rumor via e-mail that the roommate is gay .
Botsford said the search warrant affidavit presented considerable evidence that the e-mail came from Calixte ’s laptop computer .
But even if it did , she said , spreading such rumors is probably not illegal .
Botsford also said that while breaking into BC ’s computer network would be criminal activity , the affidavit supporting the warrant presented little evidence that such a break - in had taken place .
Posted on June 2 , 2009 at 12:01 PM • 41 Comments
Security measures at Imam Khomeini international airport have been doubled .
I was pulled aside by a burly guard who asked to look at my passport and asked a list of questions .
Where was I travelling from ?
Why was I coming to Iran ?
Did I have any alcohol or drugs in my luggage ?
He stared at my passport photo , then at me and back again , narrowing his eyes .
Had I been too hasty in laughing off warnings that my Facebook and Twitter activism back in the UK would land me in trouble ?
I was eventually given back my passport and luggage and sent on my way .
It 's an hour 's drive to the city from the airport , and it did n't take long for the conversation with my taxi driver to turn political .
" I voted for Ahmadinejad , and I 'd vote for him again if they hold another election , " he told me .
" Everyone goes on about it being impossible for Ahmadinejad to win by such a large margin , but that 's because they only see their own friends , their own families , their own social circles , which are all the same .
" The people who voted for Ahmadinejad are those who do n't have a voice .
The poor , the less educated , people who do n't live in Tehran , do n't drive fancy cars , have to work 16 - hour days just so their children wo n't go hungry .
The rest of the country have more important things to worry about , like how to put food on the table , not falling behind on the rent , saving money to send their children to university .
Ahmadinejad has done so much to help those people in the past four years , and they have now repaid him with their votes . "
Despite what he saysabout the extent of Ahmadinejad 's support , the atmosphere in Tehran is thick with fear .
We drive past Basij militiamen stationed in the main streets , holding rifles and stop - searching cars at random .
Even my pro-Ahmadinejad driver warns me not to look at them for too long .
I began to call friends as soon as I got home .
No one was prepared to talk over the phone , all convinced their calls were being monitored .
Few were prepared to meet .
" It 's too dangerous , the city is in the hands of the Basij , " one friend whispered .
" They 're everywhere and they 're listening .
I know a few people who might be prepared to talk to you , but please be careful .
And whatever you do , stay away from Baharestan Square .
They 're shooting people . "
Half an hour later , I got off the bus one stop away from Baharestan , where the Iranian parliament building is located .
I could see the huge pyramid shape over the rooftops .
My heart sank as I started walking towards it .
Three rows of riot police were standing in the middle of the street , with guards patrolling the pavements on either side .
A passerby told me it was the same for all the streets leading to the square .
I 'll be the first to admit the plan I came up with was pretty awful .
I ran up to the first row of police and begged them to let me pass .
It 's an emergency , I told them .
I lived just off the square with my elderly mother and she 'd just called me because she was scared – I needed to get to her .
If they just let me pass through , I would n't cause any trouble .
The policeman who 'd turned round to listen shook his head and got back into position .
" Please ! " I wailed , grabbing his arm .
He knocked me back so hard I fell on the ground .
" Get out of here , " he growled .
I walked off until the guards were out of sight and slipped into an alley .
I was halfway down the narrow street when I heard heavy footsteps behind me .
I broke into a run , flew round a corner and ducked behind a bin , my heart racing .
The footsteps came closer , then suddenly stopped .
A policeman towered over me .
He raised the visor on his helmet , grabbed my arms and pulled me up so roughly I cried out in pain .
" I told you to get out of here , " he said angrily .
But after a moment he sighed , " Go away and stay away .
We have the blood of our countrymen on our batons .
I do n't want any more on mine . "
He let go of me and I ran .
Later , in a dingy coffee shop in Enghelab Street , I met up with a prominent activist in the recent demonstrations .
He spoke in a voice so low I could barely hear him .
" It 's true things have quietened down now , but that 's not because people no longer care .
Everyone 's scared .
" All we 're asking for is for another election to be held .
We 're not questioning the Islamic Republic .
[ Ayatollah Ali ]
Khamenei was our last hope , but his sermon [ last Friday ] made us out to be the enemies of Islam and Iran .
But we 're not .
We need to make the government understand we 're all on the same side .
We need to carry on protesting but work towards understanding at the same time , or we 're all doomed . "
I 've always thought that Iran is a country where if you demonstrate for freedom of speech , you may have a million or two behind you .
If you organise a mourning demonstration for a Shia imam , you 'll have 30 million behind you .
Religion runs deep here , and for many , religion has manifested itself in Khamenei , the country 's leader .
The recent unrest , however , shows that the voice of dissent is growing .
The call for change is louder than ever before and the clerics can't afford to ignore it .
The streets are quiet for now , but if you go to the rooftop at 10 pm every night you can hear people shouting " Allahu Akbar " ( God is greatest ) in the darkness .
Although the opposition movement is without a definite leader or a definite goal , anger and resentment are bubbling away under the surface and will reach boiling point very soon .
The election – rigged or not – was the straw that broke the camel 's back for Iranians who want more freedom .
Once the anger bubbles over and the people take to the streets again , all it needs is for a hardline cleric to give a fatwa for jihad against Mir Hossein Mousavi 's supporters and the country will descend into blood and chaos .
Khamenei must do something , and fast .
Sogol Baharan is a pseudonym
Google 's Chrome browser has a market share that rounds down to zero .
Yet Microsoft plans to argue to the European Commission that bundling Chrome into Windows -- an anti-trust decree the EC wants to impose -- will potentially give Google a monopoly hold on the Internet .
The claim seems laughable to anyone who has n't used Chrome .
But those who try the largely unknown application almost unanimously rave about its speed and ease of use .
Never mind the arcane software benchmark charts all over the ' Net : Chrome is fast .
Google knows speed is addictive -- search queen Marissa Mayer has repeatedly said that a few hundred milliseconds per page makes a 20 percent difference in how often users type a search into Google .
One of the company 's major goals with Chrome is to effectively speed up the Internet for end users .
Chrome also came out ahead in an admittedly Google - sponsored security test .
The reason :
The browser automatically updates itself every few days .
This means Chrome users are most likely to have the latest security updates installed .
Microsoft 's argument may seem comical , but there 's a kernel of truth to it :
If Google ends up with a majority share of browser users tied to Chrome , and Google 's search engine is their most frequent and trusted destination , think of the opportunities for Google to leverage that huge group of people .
This story , " Is Google 's Chrome the New Internet Explorer ? " was originally published by thestandard.com .
Opinion Rape as a Weapon of War in Congo
Sexual violence is a brutal reality in the war - torn Democratic Republic of Congo :
Tens of thousands of women and children were raped in the region last year alone .
In a guest editorial , François Grignon of the International Crisis Group urges the West to fight the epidemic before more lives are shattered .
Von François Grignon
There are multiple reports that the text - messaging systems on cellphone networks in Iran went down just before the polls opened .
Boing Boing reader Jadi says , " Right now , there are many ongoing protests in the streets against the fraud and still SMS system is down . "
According to Ghalam News and multiple Twitterers in Tehran , the text messaging system in Iran has been taken down , just hours before polls open for Friday 's presidential election . (… )
The Ghalam News report , translated from Persian , says that the popular network " was cut off throughout the country . "
The action occurred just before midnight local time , less than nine hours before the start of elections .
" All walks of life from all over the country " are discovering that " messages on different cell phone networks will not send . "
Yesterday , we have discussed some of the new features in Ubuntu 9.04 Jaunty .
In that article , I did mention that the new filesystem – ext4 is stable , fast and backward compatible with ext2 and ext3 .
Today , we will look at how you can upgrade your existing ext3 filesystem to ext4 without reformating your hard disk .
Disclaimer : Anything that deals with the filesystem hack always involve certain risks .
While we have tested it out and get it working on our systems , there is no guarantee that it will work for you .
We shall not be responsible for any data loss or hard disk crash .
Before you try this , please remember to BACKUP your system and important files .
Step 1 : Upgrade your existing Ubuntu
First for all , upgrade your existing Ubuntu to Ubuntu 9.04 .
You can skip this step if you have already upgraded to Ubuntu 9.04 .
Press Alt + F2 on your keyboard and type in
The Update Manager will appear .
Click on the Upgrade button .
Depending on your Internet connection , the upgrade could last for several hours .
At the same time , proceed to Ubuntu website and download the Ubuntu 9.04 LiveCD iso .
After you have downloaded the LiveCD , burn it into a CD or use the USB Startup Disk Creator ( System -> Administration -> USB Startup Disk Creator ) to create a bootable USB drive .
Once the system completes the upgrading , restart your computer and play around with it to make sure that it is working fine in your system .
When you are happy with the result , reboot the computer again , this time boot into your LiveCD .
Step 2 : Upgrading to Ext4
Go to System -> Partition Editor .
This will show all the partition in your hard disk .
Record down the filesystem ID of the partition that you want to convert to ext4 .
Close the Partition Editor .
Open a terminal , type the following :
Replace XXXX by the filesystem ID that you have recorded just now .
Once that is done , type the following to fixed your partition :
Do n’t forget to replace XXXX with your filesystem ID .
Mount your filesystem
Open the fstab file :
and change the ext3 entry to ext4 .
Save and exit .
Back to the terminal , we need to reinstall the grub bootloader .
This time , replace the XXX by the filesystem without the number .
For example , sudo grub - install / dev/sda
Close the terminal and restart the computer .
Reboot into ubuntu 9.04 .
In the terminal , type
You should see your filesystem mounted as ext4 now
That ’s all .
Enjoy !
Not even the Love Boat had a happy ending every time .
Remember when Charo had a crush on Capitan Stubing and they did n't end up together ?
Although we were all heartbroken , Charo moved on .
So will Bristol Palin .
For all we know , she may be the Charo of the 21st century .
Break up
It 's true , Bristol and Levi Johnston are no longer .
Splitsville .
Toast .
Done .
Word of a breakup between Alaska Governor Sarah Palin 's daughter and Johnston , the father of their 2 1 / 2 month old baby , broke today .
People close to the teenagers , however , say " OMG !
Yeah , that was so like ten years ago !
Whatever ... "
Regardless of the exact time and date , the former lovebirds are no more .
Mutual
Levi told the Associated Press today that it was a " mutual decision " which means that it probably was n't .
But that 's what you say when you break up .
Kind of like when you get fired , you want to spend more time with your family .
Bristol talked to AP too saying she was " devastated . "
No comment
The governor 's office is n't talking about it because it is n't state news .
This means the press will continually ignore that and pester Governor Palin 's staff endlessly .
They will undoubtedly relent and release a statement .
This wo n't satisfy the media so they will hammer on Palin 's staff again until the governor herself comments on it .
Knowing the press wo n't let this go , she will probably talk to them in - person before the end of the week ( despite not being state business ) .
Oops
Oh yeah , the breakup might be particularly painful for Levi .
He might have to go to a local tattoo removal outfit .
Luckily , he did n't have Bristol 's face engraved on his back or anything .
Just Bristol 's name tattooed on his ring finger .
You can check out that photo here .
There 's plenty of other gossip out there too .
But since we do n't report gossip ( unless we get it first hand ) , we 'll just say you can read more about it here and here .
But the spokesman , Abbasali Kadkhodai , said it may have been due to the fact Iranians could vote wherever they wanted and that in any case it would not have had any major impact on the election result .
Banks are being warned of trouble ahead after approximately 20 ATMs , mostly in Eastern Europe , were compromised .
The ATMs running Microsoft 's Windows XP operating system were infected with malware that captures magnetic strip data and PIN codes .
According to a report from Trustwave 's SpiderLabs , the malware uses the strip data and PIN codes to access the private memory space of transaction - processing applications .
Advanced Management Functionality Built into the Malware
Attackers gain control over the ATMs by inserting specialized controller cards into the ATM 's card reader .
( Source : tgdaily.com )
Analysts do n't think the malware is capable of sending harvested data to other remote locations over the Internet based on what they found on the infected ATMs already .
That said , the malware does allow for the output of harvested data through the ATM 's receipt printer , or by writing the data to an electronic storage device inserted into the ATM 's card reader .
How the Malware Works
The malware is an executable that is installed through a " dropper file , " called isadmin.exe .
Once executed , the dropper file produces the lsass .
exe malware file within the C: \WINDOWS directory and manipulates the Protected Storage service that normally handles the legitimate lsass .
exe executable file to point to the newly created malware .
The malware also contains code that enables it to eject the cash dispensing cassette and is configured to automatically restart in the event that Windows crashes to make sure it remains active .
Eastern Europe Believed to be a Testing Ground
It 's believed that the 20 hacked ATMs in Eastern Europe was an experiment before spreading the attacks to other ATMs , including those in the U.S .
Visit Bill 's Links and More for more great tips , just like this one !
Ontology : Its Role in Modern Philosophy
What 's New : Last Update : May 12th 2020 .
Introduction : A Working Definition
Ontology is the theory of objects and their ties .
It provides criteria for distinguishing different types of objects ( concrete and abstract , existent and nonexistent , real and ideal , independent and dependent ) and their ties ( relations , dependencies and predication ) .
We can distinguish : a ) formal , b ) descriptive and c ) formalized ontologies .
a )
Formal ontology was introduced by Edmund Husserl in his Logical Investigations ( 1 ) : according to Husserl , its object is the study of the genera of being , the leading regional concepts , i.e. , the categories ; its true method is the eidetic reduction coupled with the method of categorial intuition .
The phenomenological ontology is divided into two : ( I ) Formal , and ( II ) Regional , or Material , Ontologies .
The former investigates the problem of truth on three basic levels : ( a ) Formal Apophantics , or formal logic of judgments , where the a priori conditions for the possibility of the doxic certainty of reason are to be sought , along with ( b ) the synthetic forms for the possibility of the axiological , and ( c ) " practical " truths .
In other words it is divided into formal logic , formal axiology , and formal praxis .
In contemporary philosophy , formal ontology has been developed in two principal ways .
The first approach has been to study formal ontology as a part of ontology , and to analyze it using the tools and approach of formal logic : from this point of view formal ontology examines the logical features of predication and of the various theories of universals .
The use of the specific paradigm of the set theory applied to predication , moreover , conditions its interpretation .
This approach is best exemplified by Nino Cocchiarella ; according to whom " Formal Ontology is the result of combining the intuitive , informal method of classical ontology with the formal , mathematical method of modern symbolic logic , and ultimately of identifying them as different aspects of one and the same science .
That is , where the method of ontology is the intuitive study of the fundamental properties , modes , and aspects of being , or of entities in general , and the method of modern symbolic logic is the rigorous construction of formal , axiomatic systems , formal ontology , the result of combining these two methods , is the systematic , formal , axiomatic development of the logic of all forms of being .
As such , formal ontology is a science prior to all others in which particular forms , modes , or kinds of being are studied . "
( 2 ) The second line of development returns to its Husserlian origins and analyses the fundamental categories of object , state of affairs , part , whole , and so forth , as well as the relations between parts and the whole and their laws of dependence -- once all material concepts have been replaced by their correlative form concepts relative to the pure ' something ' .
This kind of analysis does not deal with the problem of the relationship between formal ontology and material ontology . "
( 3 ) . b)
Descriptive ontology concerns the collection of information about the list of objects that can be dependent or independent items ( real or ideal ) .
c)
Formalized ontology attempts to constructs a formal codification for the results descriptively acquired at the preceding levels .
Notes ( 1 ) " To the best of my knowledge , the idea of a formal ontology makes its first literary appearance in Volume I of my Logische Untersuchungen ( 1900 ) , [ Chapter 11 , The Idea of Pure Logic ] in connexion with the attempt to explicate systematically the idea of a pure logic -- but not yet does it appear there under the name of formal ontology , which was introduced by me only later .
The Logische Untersuchungen as a whole and , above all , the investigations in Volume II ventured to take up in a new form the old idea of an a priori ontology -- so strongly interdicted by Kantianism and empiricism -- and attempted to establish it , in respect of concretely executed portions , as an idea necessary to philosophy . "
E. Husserl , Formal and Transcendental Logic ( 1929 ) , English translation : The Hague : Martinus Nijhoff 1969 , p. 86 . ( 2 ) Formal Ontology , in : Barry Smith , Hans Burkhardt ( eds. ) , Handbook of Metaphysics and Ontology , Munich : Philosophia Verlag 1991 p. 640 . ( 3 ) Liliana Albertazzi , Formal and Material Ontology , in : Roberto Poli , Peter Simons ( eds. ) , Formal Ontology , Dordrecht : Kluwer 1996 , p. 199 ( notes omitted ) .
Major Ontologists
The main intellectual links from the major ontologists of Nineteenth century : Bernard Bolzano ( 1781 - 1848 ) , Franz Brentano ( 1838 -1917 ) , and Gottlob Frege ( 1848-9125 ) to contemporary thinkers are traced in the " Table of Ontologists " :
For details see Table of Ontologists of 19th and 20th Centuries Detailed information ( bibliographies , abstract of relevant publications , and selections of critical judgments ) for the thinkers mentioned in the Table of Ontologists are partly available and will be completed in the near future ; I will publish also pages in French and Italian with selections of critical studies available in these languages , but not translated in English .
An important feature of this site will be the bibliographies about the history of ontology , selected authors and ontological topics that have not yet been covered in such detail ; bibliographical entries will not only include the most relevant books , but also a selection of articles from about one hundred philosophical reviews ; attention will be paid to the relations with logic , semantics and semiotics , in particular to the theories of predication and reference and to the relation between thought , language and the world .
The completion of this job will require some years ; more than 15,000 bibliographic references are already available in the following languages , in decreasing order of frequency : English , French , German , Italian , Spanish , Portuguese ; the Bibliographies will be constantly expanded and updated , and new abstracts of existing entries will be added .
I wish to apologize to readers of other languages , not included only because of my limited knowledge of foreign languages ( my mother tongue is Italian ) , but I hope that students and researchers will find sufficient material for a more thorough study and will enjoy discovering many philosophical treasures , some little known , but in no way less significant .
Metaphysics and Theory of Objects
Metaphysics is the science that studies being qua being ( Aristotle , Metaphysics , Book Gamma ) , in other words it considers reality , which is to say existent or actual objects ; according to Alexius Meinong , the theory of objects is an a priori science which concerns the whole of what is given , existent or nonexistent .
Existent objects must be distinguished from subsistent or ideal objects , such as identity , diversity , or number .
Existence and subsistence are the two forms of being , whereas the ' pure object ' considered in the theory of objects is beyond being and nonbeing ( On the Theory of Objects , 1904 ) .
Before Meinong , the Polish philosopher Twardowski developed , according to Ingarden , in his On the Content and Object of Presentations .
A Psychological Investigation ( 1894 ) , " the first consistently constructed theory of objects manifesting a certain theoretical unity since the times of Scholasticism and the ' Ontologia ' of Christian Wolff [ 1730 ] . " ( 4 ) " The relationship between Husserl 's conception of ontology and the ' theory of objects ' of Meinong has long been misunderstood .
As conceived in the Logical Investigations [ 1900 ] , the idea of ontology is not eidetic science of objects .
The mathesis universalis is accordingly an ontology ( only the word is avoided in the first edition ) .
It is characterized as the a priori science of objects in general , and correlatively of meanings in general , i.e. , of meanings which refer to objects in general .
Inasmuch as that is brought out clearly in both volumes , Husserl observes that no one is justified in trying to instruct him with regard to the ' object - theoretical ' character of formal logic and mathematics .
Indeed , the third investigation is explicitly declared to belong to the ' a priori theory of objects as such , ' and Husserl suggests that it is this passage that led to the formation of the undesirable expression ' Gegenstandstheorie [ Theory of objects ] . '
Ontology , or the theory of objects in the present sense , not only comprises all that relates to the field of the pure mathesis universalis , but includes the first volume as well as the third and fourth investigations of the second volume . "
( 5 ) Notes ( 4 ) Roman Ingarden , " The Scientific Activity of Kazimierz Twardowski " , Studia Philosophica , 1947 , pp. 23 .
( 5 ) Marvin Farber , The Foundation of Phenomenology .
Edmund Husserl and the Quest for a Rigorous Science of Philosophy , Cambridge : Harvard University Press 1943 ; reprint : Frankfurt : Ontos Verlag 2006 , pp. 205-206 .
Formal Ontology as a Characteristica Universalis
" A system of logic can be constructed under two quite different aspects .
On the one hand , it can be developed as a formal calculus and studied independently of whatever content it might be used to represent .
Such a formal system in that case is only a calculus ratiocinator .
On the other hand , a system of logic can be constructed somewhat along the lines of what Leibniz , called a characteristica universalis .
Such a system , according to Leibniz , was to serve three main purposes .
The first was that of an international auxiliary language that would enable the people of different countries to speak and communicate with one another .
Apparently , because Latin was no longer a " living " language and new trade routes were opening up to lands with many different local languages , the possibility of such an international auxiliary language was widely considered and discussed in the 17th and 18th centuries . (...)
In any case notwithstanding its visionary goal , the idea of an international auxiliary language is not the purpose of a formal ontology .
The second and third purposes Leibniz set for his characteristica universalis are what distinguish it from its precursors and give his program its formal or logistic methodology .
The second purpose that the universal character is to be based upon an ars combinatoria , i.e. an ideography or system of symbolization , that would enable it to provide a logical analysis of all of the actual and possible concepts that might arise in science .
Such an ars combinatoria would contain both a theory of logical form , i.e. , a theory of all the possible forms that a meaningful expression might have in such a language , and a theory of definitional forms , i.e. , a theory of the operations whereby one could construct new concepts on the basis of already given concepts .
The third purpose was that the universal character must contain a calculus ratiocinator , and in particular a complete system of deduction and valid argument forms , by which , through a study of the consequences , or implications , of what was already known , it could serve as an instrument of knowledge .
These two purposes are central to the notion of a formal ontology . " ( pp. 4 - 5 ) From : Nino Cocchiarella , Formal Ontology and Conceptual Realism , Dordrecht : Kluwer 2007 .
Different Approaches
Two definitions from philosophers of the Analytic tradition : " Ontology is intimately related to metaphysics , the theory of ultimate categories of things .
Andronicus of Rhodes coined meta ta physica as meaning the writings coming " after the physics " in his collation of Aristotle , but metaphysics is really the study with which those writings deal .
Some might say that the categories are ultimate differentiations of being and that ontology is the study of undifferentiated being .
Now insofar as metaphysics is the study of the nature and existence of broad categories of things , ontology is a branch of metaphysics by logical courtesy .
It deals , paradoxically , with the nature and existence of the " category " of undifferentiated being .
But strictly speaking , ontology is transcategorial .
Of course , if we say , " To be is to be material , " we do equate the study of being with the study of matter .
But the equation is transcategorial in its very elimination of all categories other than matter .
Of course , some ontologists admit different kinds or degrees of being .
But even if every metaphysical category is also a kind of being and viceversa , so that the words " metaphysics " and " ontology " are coextensive , those words are still not synonymous .
Certainly when they are used as I have explained them , they are not intersubstitutable salva veritate in every context of discussion .
What does the objective world include ?
Common - sensically , it divides into many objects : the Sun , the Moon , stars , trees , people , and so on .
We also speak and think about thoughts , smiles , numbers , and many other things .
There are many similarities and differences among all these things , and this makes hierarchies of classifications possible .
Leo the lion and Felix the cat are both feline , and so on .
Insofar as our classificatory purposes may vary , the genera of one system may be the differentia of another .
Humans compared to cats are generically animal and differentially rational ; humans compared to angels are generically rational and differentially animal . (...)
Any system of classifications , on pain of admitting an infinite series of classifications , will end with summa genera or ultimate classifications .
This is the level of metaphysical categories .
Where change consists of something of a given kind losing old properties and acquiring new ones , nothing can conceivably change in its metaphysical category .
It is conceivable that Socrates can fall asleep , learn things , or even change into a rock or tree .
But it is not conceivable that Socrates can change into time or into a number .
We are not able to describe such transitions because we find nothing generically underlying them to persist through or undergo the transition .
Perhaps that is only because such logic - metaphysical substrata have not been found yet in any plausible classificatory system .
But I suspect the reason is that our most fundamental classifications are , at least in part , correct . " ( 7 ) .
" The word " ontology " has four established meanings in philosophy .
There are two intersecting sets of distinctions .
Pure philosophical ontology is different from applied scientific ontology , and ontology in the applied scientific sense can be understood either as a discipline or a domain .
Ontology as a discipline is a method or activity of enquiry into philosophical problems about the concept or facts of existence .
Ontology as a domain is the outcome or subject matter of ontology as a discipline .
Applied scientific ontology construed as an existence domain can be further subdivided as the theoretical commitment to a preferred choice of existent entities , or to the real existent entities themselves , including the actual world considered as a whole , also known as the extant domain .
Ontology as a theoretical domain is thus a description or inventory of the things that are supposed to exist according to a particular theory , which might but need not be true .
Ontology as the extant domain , in contrast , is the actual world of all real existent entities , whatever these turn out to be , identified by a true complete applied ontological theory .
As a result , we must be careful in reading philosophical works on ontology , when an author speaks of " ontology " without qualification , not to confuse the intended sense of the word with any of the alternatives . " ( 8 ) .
In : " A Short Glossary of Metaphysics " by Peter Simons with additional entries by Ross P. Cameron ( * ) , the following definition is given : " ONTOLOGY .
From onto - logos , the science of being .
A surprisingly late coinage .
The Latin term ontologia was felicitously invented in 1613 , independently , by two German philosophers , Rudolf Gockel ( Goclenius ) in his Lexicon Philosophicum and Jacob Lorhard ( Lorhardus ) , in his Theatrum Philosophicum , but first entered general circulation when popularized by Christian Wolff in his Latin writings , especially his Philosophia Prima sive Ontologia of 1730 .
The first known English use of the term " ontology " is 1720 .
( 1 ) General as distinct from special metaphysics .
( 2 ) More limitedly , the list or table of basic kinds of entities .
( 3 ) Attributively , as in " Quine 's ontology , " the basic kinds of entities assumed by a given philosopher .
( 4 ) In Ingarden 's philosophy , the study of all possible general arrangements of the world , by comparison with metaphysics which concerns only what actually exists .
( 5 ) Recently and loosely , in computer science , a set of categories for programming and data representation which is independent of particular hardware , software or implementations .
"
This definition is historically inaccurate : the Latin word ontologia was created in 1606 by Lorhard ( seven years before Gockel ) and the first occurrence of " ontology " in English can be found in a work by Gideon Harvey of 1663 ( see " Birth of a New Science : the History of Ontology from Suárez to Kant " ) .
Notes (*) Appendix to : Robin Le Poidevin et al. ( eds. ) , The Routledge Companion to Metaphysics , New York : Routledge 2009 , pp. 590-591 . ( 7 ) Jan Dejnožka , The Ontology of the Analytic Tradition and Its Origins .
Realism and Identity in Frege , Russell , Wittgenstein and Quine , New York : Rowman & Littlefield 1996 , p. 7 . ( 8 ) Dale Jacquette , Ontology , Montreal : Mc - Gill - Queens 's University Press 2002 , pp. 2 - 3 .
Main Currents in Contemporary Philosophy
After Kant 's rejection of the possibility of a general ontology ( 1 ) , Bernard Bolzano was the first philosopher who contributed to the new ontological turn , but is work was rediscovered only in the Twentieth century by Husserl ( 2 ) .
Bolzano's work influenced both Husserl ( a disciple of Franz Brentano ) and Frege , that are at the origins of the main traditions of contemporary ontology : the Phenomenological , the Analytical , and the Austro - Polish ( Brentano was also the teacher of Twardowski , the founder of the Lvov- Warsaw School ) ; the first work of Brentano On the Several Senses of Being in Aristotle ( 1862 ) and the Logical Investigations ( 1900 ) by Husserl were at the origin of the interest in philosophy of the most authoritative exponent of Continental ontology , Martin Heidegger ( 3 ) .
Phenomenological Bolzano and Brentano can be considered the forerunners of this School , founded by Edmund Husserl ; the main exponents are Adolf Reinach , Roman Ingarden and Nicolai Hartmann .
Analytical After C. S. Peirce and the classical works by Frege , Russell and the early Wittgenstein , at least Rudolf Carnap , Gustav Bergmann , Nelson Goodman and W.V.O. Quine should be mentioned .
Austro - Polish
The father of Polish philosophy was Twardowski ; Kotarbinski and Leśniewski are ontologists of the first Polish generation ( the Lvov- Warsaw School ) and Roman Suszko and Jerzy Perzanowski of the most recent times .
Continental After Heidegger , Merleau - Ponty , Levinas , Deleuze and Foucault , just to mention a few names , are the most debated thinkers ; other prominent ontologists are listed in the Table of Formal and Descriptive Ontologists .
Notes ( 1 ) " The Transcendental Analytic accordingly has this important result :
That the understanding can never accomplish a priori anything more than to anticipate the form of a possible experience in general , and , since that which is not appearance cannot be an object of experience , it can never overstep the limits of sensibility , within which alone objects are given to us .
Its principles are merely principles e of the exposition of appearances , and the proud name of an ontology , which presumes to offer synthetic a priori cognition of things in general in a systematic doctrine ( e.g. , the principle of causality ) , must give way to the modest one of a mere analytic of the pure understanding . "
I. Kant , Critique of Pure Reason ( A247/B304 ) , Cambridge : Cambridge University Press 1998 , pp. 358-359 . ( 2 ) " With such illogicality did things happen in the history of logic which we are pursuing here that this great , born logician fell prey to a fate which beats the fate of Joachim Jungius .
For the latter at least was read , and read by a Leibniz ; but that cannot even be said of Bolzano .
Hence we cannot even maintain in his case that he was forgotten .
All the greater is the merit of Edmund Husserl who discovered Bolzano . "
Hermes Scholz , Concise History of Logic ( 1931 ) , English translation : New York : Philosophical Library 1961 , p. 47 . ( 3 ) " The first philosophical text through which I worked my way , again and again from 1907 on , was Franz Brentano 's dissertation : On the Manifold Sense of Being in Aristotle . "
Martin Heidegger , Preface to : William Richardson , Heidegger .
Through Phenomenology to Thought , The Hague : Martinus Nijhoff 1963 , p. X .
Essays by Various Authors in PDF format
