The Canadian Press
HAMILTON - A critically - ill premature - born baby from Hamilton is all alone in a Buffalo , N.Y. , hospital after she was turned away for treatment at local facility and transferred across the border without her parents , who do n't have passports .
Ava Stinson was born Thursday at St. Joseph's Hospital , 14 weeks premature .
A provincewide search for an open neonatal intensive care unit bed came up empty , leaving no choice but to send the two pound , four ounce baby to Buffalo .
Her parents Natalie Paquette and Richard Stinson could n't follow their child because as of June 1 , a passport is required to cross the border into the United States .
They 're having to approve medical procedures over the phone and are terrified something will happen to their baby before they get there .
The Canadian Consulate in Buffalo is providing advice and guidance to the first - time parents , and their local MP , New Democrat David Christopherson , is working to arrange emergency passports .
But that will take until at least Monday afternoon and the situation is complicated by the fact the baby 's dad has a criminal record .
" I just want to be with her , " said Paquette .
" She only knows my heartbeat , my voice and her daddy 's voice .
It 's all I can think about .
I feel so helpless . "
HOME / BACK TO JACKIE'S STORY / BACK TO TOTALLY FUN JACKIE STUFF
BACK TO LATEST JACKIE NEWS
©2008 The JC Group
Are the cognitively superior brains of humans , in part , responsible for our higher rates of cancer ?
That 's a question that has nagged at John McDonald , chair of Georgia Tech 's School of Biology and chief research scientist at the Ovarian Cancer Institute , for a while .
Now , after an initial study , it seems that McDonald is on to something .
The new study is available online in the journal Medical Hypothesis and will appear in the forthcoming issue of the journal .
" I was always intrigued by the fact that chimpanzees appear to have lower rates of cancer than humans , " said McDonald .
" So we went back and reanalyzed some previously reported gene expression studies including data that were not used in the original analyses . "
McDonald and his graduate students , Gaurav Arora and Nalini Polivarapu , compared chimp - human gene expression patterns in five tissues : brain , testes , liver , kidneys and heart .
They found distinct differences in the way apoptosis — or programmed cell death — operates , suggesting that humans do not " self - destroy " cells as effectively as chimpanzees do .
Apoptosis is one of the primary mechanisms by which our bodies destroy cancer cells .
" The results from our analysis suggest that humans are n't as efficient as chimpanzees in carrying out programmed cell death .
We believe this difference may have evolved as a way to increase brain size and associated cognitive ability in humans , but the cost could be an increased propensity for cancer , " said McDonald .
Like all evolutionary hypotheses , this can't be proven absolutely , according to McDonald .
However , his lab has recently obtained additional direct experimental evidence consistent with the hypothesis that apoptotic function is more efficient in chimps than in humans .
SAN FRANCISCO —
When he set out to make Moon , his new movie about an isolated lunar miner who makes a horrifying discovery , Duncan Jones stepped into a cinematic void .
Hungry for the type of science fiction films he grew up on — flicks from the late ' 70s and early ' 80s like Alien , Outland and Silent Running — he paid tribute to those films and tried to make a movie he would like to watch .
See also : Review : Masterful Moon Takes Shot at Sci-Fi Greatness
HAL's Pals : Top 10 Evil Computers
" It certainly was my intent to write for a science fiction - literate audience , you know ? "
Jones told Wired.com during an interview in his swank room at San Francisco 's Hotel Vitale .
" I wanted to make a film which would be appreciated by people like myself who loved those films ....
It would be great if Ridley Scott or Douglas Trumbull were making more films like that , but they are n't .
So , you know , guys like us are going to have to make them . "
His labor of love in the shadow of sci - fi greatness gave Jones , a 37 - year - old who lives in London , a chance to play with audiences ' expectations .
In Moon , actor Sam Rockwell 's lonely helium miner is assisted by a calmly reassuring robot called Gerty ( voiced by Kevin Spacey ) , inescapably bringing to mind the soft - spoken HAL 9000 from Stanley Kubrick 's 1968 classic , 2001 : A Space Odyssey .
Jones says he tried to find a " delicate balance " between " taking what we loved from those films , and reinventing them in a creative and hopefully original way , and avoiding copying things outright . "
Borrowing from the genre 's giants gave Jones a starting point for making his brainy independent movie , which delivers a powerful message about the human condition without relying on flashy space explosions , CGI aliens or other standard features found in typical sci-fi blockbusters .
( Spoiler alert : Major plot points follow . )
Jones said the best films " focus on what it is to be a human being , and about fundamental human questions , " and suggested that the sci - fi genre gives directors the perfect vehicle for pursuing such terrain .
" You take regular , believable human beings and then you put them in these alien environments , " he said .
" And by doing that , you actually make a human being in that environment even more visible .
You know , you really see what it is that makes them tick . "
A lifelong sci-fi lover , Jones took some of the genre 's greatest moments and tweaked them to make Moon satisfying for fellow fans .
" There is no way that I could make this film without people assuming that they know where everything comes from , " said Jones .
" So I just , like , take that anticipation , and that expectation , and then twist it . "
Moon plays effectively with moviegoers ' expectations as the reality of miner Sam Bell 's situation is revealed .
One of the biggest surprises — stop reading right now if you have n't seen the film and want to have an unsullied cinematic experience — is Sam 's discovery that he is a clone .
It 's a major spoiler , but Jones says he is n't worried about letting the cat out of the bag .
" I do n't consider it blowing it , because as you know , the fact that he is a clone comes out at the end of the first act , " Jones said .
" So , you know , there is still a big chunk of film to go .
And the other reason I do n't mind it is , I really believe that it's one of Sam Rockwell 's best performances that he has ever given .
And it 's because of what he does after the point he is playing multiple roles that I think it is so genius . "
Duncan Jones on : Killing computer friends
In college , Jones wrote a thesis paper called " How to Kill Your Computer Friend , " which he now labels pretentious .
" I thought it was really important at the time , " he laughs .
Exploring alien territories
" I went all over Ohio because I used to play for the rugby team there ....
We used to travel all over the place — Bowling Green and Oberlin and all of those places . "
Brainy vs. entertaining movies
" I get worried when people compare this film to Solaris , because as much as I appreciate and value Solaris ...
I think the attempt to entertain is less of a priority than what I wanted to make with Moon . "
His next film
" If Moon is an homage to Silent Running and Alien and Outland , then the next one is my homage to Blade Runner ....
Not the same story , but definitely of the same spirit . "
Rockwell 's upcoming cameo
" Sam has agreed to do a little cameo [ in my next movie ] , where we will have a little epilogue moment of what happened to Sam when he got back to Earth . "
Sam Rockwell , sci - fi star
Rockwell 's portrayal of the two versions of Sam is shockingly believable .
At the beginning of the movie , he 's straggly , worn out and ready to return to Earth as he nears the end of his three - year contract .
He leaves the lunar base station to make a repair , only to be injured when he crashes his rover .
When he regains consciousness , he 's not alone on the base :
An energetic and irritable copy of him has been activated by Gerty .
To pull off the dueling versions of Sam , the actor had to bring to life two distinctly different characters .
" One of them has had three years on his own , and then the other one is kind of fresh , and still kind of aggressive and is the guy who obviously wanted to escape his wife , " Jones said .
" There are these two different characters , but they are essentially the same guy . "
The two Sams — one angry and aware , one burned - out and deteriorating at the end of his shelf life — bicker , fight and finally make peace as they realize that the mining company views them as disposable .
To pull off the powerful illusion required a tour de force performance from Rockwell .
" I really do n't think there is anyone else that I could have done this with , " Jones said , praising Rockwell 's performance as " genius . "
" Sam is willing to just give up everything he needs to in order to make it work , " the director continued .
" He 's completely fantastic .
I can't wait to work with him again . "
To make the magic happen on screen in his first feature - length film , Jones flexed directing muscles he developed working on special - effects - heavy commercials in the United Kingdom for Carling beer and Heinz Ketchup .
He also made a few short films prior to Moon , including Whistle , which he calls a " practice run " for doing a feature film .
Sam Rockwell , left , talks with director Duncan Jones while making Moon .
Photo : Mark Tille © Lunar Industries / Courtesy Sony Pictures Classics
" Things like where the two Sams are having a conversation , and one Sam does up the fly of the other one , and helps him put his hat on ... that 's really technically difficult , " he said .
Jones , who earned a philosophy degree from Ohio's The College of Wooster , also pulled from his college study to inform his first feature film .
He wrote a thesis titled " How to Kill Your Computer Friend : An Investigation of the Mind - body Problem and How It Relates to the Hypothetical Creation of a Thinking Machine , " and delved into humanity 's relationship to sentient machines .
For example , one theory posits that if a robot behaves like a thinking machine , it is a moral necessity to treat it as if it is one — at least until it disproves itself .
" Gerty fits into that in some ways , " he said .
Moon 's helpful robot " is actually a very simple machine with a very simple set of rules .
But it 's what we as an audience bring to it , assuming that it 's gonna be like HAL , or it's what the Sams themselves bring to it , assuming it 's their best buddy — that 's really what matters .
And it 's not until ... the end of the film , where Gerty says , ' Oh , do n't worry .
I 'll be fine .
I 'll go back to my programming and the new Sam will go back to his , ' that Sam 2 , realizes : ' Ah !
This is not a person , this does n't have any kind of deep human feeling .
It 's just a machine . '
You sort of realize at that point that Gerty is actually much simpler than we have assumed he is . "
Background aside , sci - fi might just be in Jones ' DNA .
He 's the son of British rock star and actor David Bowie , who wrote sci- fi songs like " Space Oddity " and " Starman " and starred in 1976's The Man Who Fell to Earth .
" I can't get away from the fact that everything I am is a reflection of the experiences I went through growing up , " Jones said .
" So , whether it was the films that I saw , or the music my dad played when I was growing up , that is the same for everyone ....
I came from a very unique time and place .
And that made me who I am .
But I do n't think I would ever have tried to consciously , you know , reflect that background .
That 's just kind of who I am . "
Bonus question from a Wired.com reader
Bellulah asks : " I would be interested in Mr. Jones ' thoughts on the current state of science fiction .
Was Battlestar Galactica on the right track ?
Is the new Star Trek ?
Not many people are taking the psychological approach like it seems he has , and I wonder if it ’s just wanting to capture again some of the wrought tension of something like 2001 or just an antithesis to the fancy space explosions . "
Duncan Jones responds : " I think we know where we are going with that .
I loved Battlestar .
I thought it was a great show .
I watched the whole thing from start to finish .
I have n't seen any of Caprica yet , which I believe is the follow - up , although I 've heard great things about that too .
" I think what works so well with those shows that we have been discussing is , they concentrate on the human being , and the environment really just becomes part of the setting and the challenge for what is fundamentally a human problem , or in Battlestar 's case , a human - to - nonhuman problem .
So I think Battlestar was definitely on the right track .
I would certainly love the opportunity to do a longer format , like a TV - style show that got into something in a much deeper way than you can do on a feature , but we 'll see if that ever happens .
" I have n't seen Star Trek yet , I 'm very much looking forward to it , because I really love those kind of — you know I love popcorn event films , as well , and I am a huge fan of science fiction of all sorts .
So it 's not that I have a problem with science fiction as it is , I just feel that there is a certain part of science fiction which has kind of disappeared , and it 's nice to be able to add that back into the variety of films that hopefully we can go and see these days .
" And Jim Cameron 's Avatar , I think , is going to be fantastic .
I 'm looking forward to that .
He always manages to take some aspect , whether it 's technological , or shifting the genre , or just doing something interesting and moving it forward . "
Duncan Jones ' Moon opens Friday in New York and Los Angeles , then expands to other markets June 19 .
Top photo of Duncan Jones : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
See also :
The indigenous team were the first ever to compete under the national banner
By Nikki Jecks
BBC World Service
As the Australian cricket team prepares for the forthcoming Ashes series against England , another Australian cricket team is already in the country - retracing the steps of its forefathers .
In 1868 a team of indigenous Australian cricketers was smuggled out of Australia to play in the UK .
It was the first team to represent Australia overseas , not just in cricket , but in any sport .
We 're starting to see a shift now and I think that 's one of the great things of creating momentum
Trevor Woodhead
But despite that auspicious start , Aboriginal cricketers have struggled ever since to make a big mark on the game .
" They were pioneers of their time , and its a shame we have n't seen a steady amount of Aboriginal cricketers playing cricket - it really dropped off in the early 1900s , " Michael MacGregor , manager of the team now on its UK tour , told the BBC World Service .
" But times have changed , and hopefully we can get a few more lads playing and some girls too . "
The team , aged 16 - 26 , will be playing 11 matches over the coming weeks , on some of the same grounds that their ancestors played on .
Under - represented
One of the veterans of the indigenous cricket scene who has come over for the tour is Trevor Woodhead .
He played for many years in Australia 's Northern Territory and is the only indigenous member on a cricket board anywhere in Australia .
ABORIGINES IN CRICKET
There are 13,000 registered Aboriginal cricketers
Only three Aborigines have ever played first class cricket in Australia Aborigines make up 11 % of the total number of players in the Australian Football League and National Rugby League Cricket was spread across Australia by cattle farmers more than 200 years ago His aim is to make a career in cricket easier for the current generation than it was for him when he played 30 years ago .
" It certainly was a hard road and I played cricket in the 70s and the 80s , so it 's not that long ago , " he said .
" In the Northern Territory , indigenous people are 30 % of the wider population .
But when you looked at the cricket community we were less than 1 % , " he explained .
" We 're starting to see a shift now and I think that 's one of the great things of creating momentum - momentum is a very hard thing to get going , but once you 've got it going its almost an energy that looks after itself . "
Role models
At present there are few cricketing role models among indigenous Australians .
Fast bowler Jason Gillespie , who was selected in the team that contested the last Ashes series in England in 2005 , is the only indigenous player to play for the national team since World War II .
" You find a lot of indigenous kids playing in the school playground , " says Peter O'Callaghan , one of the oldest players in the touring Aboriginal team .
" But once they hit 12 to 14 they start to think for themselves a bit more ... and they see these football idols - your Aussie Rules players , your rugby league players and your boxers and that sort of thing , " he said .
" There 's not really one person at the top of cricket who they can idolise and replicate , so I think that 's part of the reason . "
The first team to tour England won only 14 of 47 games against their hosts .
This current team are hoping they can reverse the fortunes of their forefathers by not just winning more games , but also by increasing the popularity of the game amongst indigenous youth .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
News
Microsoft Alert : Big Problem With SharePoint Service Pack 2
Microsoft on Friday announced that there 's a problem for those who applied Service Pack 2 ( SP2 ) to Microsoft Office SharePoint Server 2007 ( MOSS 2007 ) -- namely , it 's timed to expire in 180 days .
In addition to MOSS 2007 , other products were affected by the service pack problem .
Those products include " Project Server 2007 , Form Server 2007 , Search Server 2008 and Search Server 2008 Express , " according to Microsoft 's announcement .
Windows SharePoint Services 3.0 is not affected , the announcement added .
Microsoft is currently working on a hotfix and a knowledgebase article to remedy the SP2 problem .
Basically , applying the SP2 update resets the product 's activation as if the trial version of the software were installed .
IT pros who installed SP2 should check Microsoft 's SharePoint Team blog here for details and updates .
The knowledgebase article is expected to be available in less than 48 hours .
Microsoft plans to describe a workaround solution in its knowledgebase article .
" To work around this issue customers will need to re-enter their Product ID numbers ( PID ) on the Convert License Type page in Central Administration , " the SharePoint team explained in its blog .
Users can retrieve their product ID at Microsoft 's Volume Licensing Service Center Web page here .
Data are n't affected by the SP2 problem , according to Microsoft .
However , the software will cease to work for end users after 180 days if the hotfix or workaround is n't applied .
For those trying to install MOSS or Windows SharePoint Services on Windows Server 2008 R2 , you need to use the SP2 versions of those applications , according to this Microsoft blog .
Microsoft first publicly unveiled the availability of SP2 for MOSS 2007 and Office server products toward the end of April .
At worst , early installers of SP2 have used up 24 days of the 180 - day " trial " period .
LOS ANGELES -
The forensics expert hired by David Carradine 's family has concluded that the " Kung Fu " actor did not commit suicide , but said that more information was needed from Thai investigators before the cause of death could be determined .
Carradine 's brothers , Keith and Robert Carradine , each read part of a prepared statement to reporters from The Associated Press at a Los Angeles hotel Thursday morning .
In their first appearance since their older brother was found hanging in a Bangkok hotel room closet last week , they thanked supporters and asked for privacy .
" This is a devastating loss for our family and we greatly appreciate the compassion pouring in from all over the world , " Keith Carradine said .
They also released a statement by Dr. Michael Baden of New York that indicated a second autopsy determined Carradine did n't kill himself .
" However , to reach a final determination as to the cause and the manner of death we must wait for further information from Thailand as to the scene findings and the completion of the crime laboratory and toxicology studies that are still being performed , " Baden 's statement said .
Reached by phone after the morning briefing , Baden said he expects to receive more information from Thai authorities in a week or two and stressed that the information at hand was incomplete .
Baden did n't elaborate on how suicide was ruled out
" The autopsy is only part of the analysis , " he said .
In the meantime , Robert Carradine asked the public and press for patience and time to allow the family to grieve .
" Until we have all of the pending results of the investigation we respectfully ask . . . that we be allowed to lay our beloved brother , husband , father , grandfather and great - grandfather to rest in peace and with dignity , " Robert Carradine said .
Rampant speculation about the actor 's death has swirled since a chambermaid at the luxury Swissotel Nai Lert Park Hotel in Bangkok discovered his body hanging in the closet of his room June 4 .
A Thai newspaper published a graphic photo of the death scene that police have said appears to be a leaked forensics image .
Thai police initially said they suspected Carradine 's death was a suicide , but later conceded it could have been accidental .
Their description -- that the actor 's body was found nude , with ropes around his neck , wrist and genitals -- fuelled speculation that he was killed while engaging in a dangerous sex practice called auto-erotic asphyxiation .
Thai authorities said on June 5 that it would take about three weeks for the results of their autopsy to be released .
Medical examiners in the United States and Canada generally classify auto-erotic asphyxiation deaths as accidental .
Keith Carradine last week asked the FBI to take a role , and Thai authorities later said they would allow FBI agents to observe their investigation , but not take an active role .
FBI spokeswoman Laura Eimiller said earlier this week that the agency would not make any more comments about its role in the Carradine investigation , but that agents stationed in Thailand have a good relationship with local authorities .
Agents typically only get involved in the deaths of U.S. citizens abroad when foul play is involved , she said .
Others who knew the 72 - year - old actor have said they suspect foul play was involved .
Keith and Robert Carradine on Thursday urged everyone to wait until the investigation has concluded .
" Once the investigation is fully completed and definitive conclusions have been reached , we will address the findings with the public , " Robert Carradine said .
Both Keith and Robert Carradine shared the screen with their brother , a prolific TV and film actor .
David Carradine rose to prominence for his role on the " Kung Fu " series in the 1970s and experienced a resurgence in popularity after his role in Quentin Tarantino 's " Kill Bill " movies earlier this decade .
The family 's statement did not indicate the location of his body , or offer any information about funeral arrangements .
They did not take questions Thursday after reading the statements .
As if we needed further proof that everything is connected to Anonymous , a woman who was a long - ago object of fascination to the notorious griefer collective nearly took the gold this week in the reality TV competition America 's Next Top Model .
New Orleans college student and artist Allison Harvard , 21 , survived 11 elimination rounds to reach the show 's season finale , which aired Wednesday .
The hands - down favorite with Top Model fans , she nonetheless lost in the competition 's final minutes when host Tyra Banks and a panel of judges anointed rival Teyona Anderson – a contestant with a more conventional look .
Well before Harvard became famous to a national TV audience , she was both appreciated and feared on the " /b / " board on 4 chan – the birthplace of the internet 's greatest memes and most felonious pranks .
The waifish , wide - eyed blonde 's self - portraits – which she 'd posted on the web – circulated in that community in 2005 , according to Encyclopedia Dramatica , the canonical record of all things channish .
The ghostly digital photos of Harvard in heavy eyeliner and broken - babydoll outfits and poses , along with her fascination with nosebleeds , simultaneously aroused and frightened Anonymous members , who dubbed her " Creepy Chan . "
When cheerier images of the woman later surfaced , her moniker was updated to " Cute Chan . "
In 2006 , her photos stopped appearing in 4 chan .
But she remained true to her gothic side when auditioning for the 12th season of Top Model last year , candidly describing her interest in blood .
( Video at bottom of post ) .
Harvard underwent the usual series of Top Model makeovers while on the show , which host Banks reflected on while sending Harvard home .
" You have had a transformation , " said Banks .
" Like , when you look in the mirror it is not the weird girl , it 's the weird cool girl .
Like , ' Yeah , I look different , and it 's special , and it made me a finalist on Top Model ! ' "
" She has had her hair cut , dyed , and lengthened and she has been told to stop gawking so much , which she has happily complied with in an effort to shed her past reputation , " reads Encyclopedia Dramatica .
" These things , while going against her original trend of being creepy , have gained her more wide acceptance within the American viewing public , much in the same way that putting a Starbucks on every corner somehow makes shitty , burnt coffee taste better . "
Updated to correct errors in the history of Creepy Chan .
See Also :
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2E-m21GzzLo
AMD ’s decision to spin off its manufacturing business into a separate entity has created a fairly unique event in semiconductor manufacturing : an ostensible newcomer has opened some of the world ’s most advanced chip fabrication capabilities to paying customers of all stripes .
Last week , we traveled to the new offices of GlobalFoundries in Saratoga County , New York to meet with the firm ’s executives and to understand their plans for the newly minted chip foundry .
Although much is new about GlobalFoundries , including the company ’s name and mission , key parts will be familiar to industry observers , because they include many assets and personnel formerly from AMD .
Those assets include two chip fabrication plants in Dresden , Germany .
Now called Fab 1 module 1 , the former Fab 36 produces AMD ’s processors , including Phenom II and Opteron CPUs , using an advanced 45 nm silicon - on - insulator process on 300 mm wafers .
The former Fab 30 is being retooled for 300 mm wafers , as well , and has been renamed Fab 1 module 2 in GlobalFoundries ’ lexicon .
The transaction that created GlobalFoundries gave majority ownership in the firm to the Advanced Technology Investment Company , which is wholly owned by the government of Abu Dhabi , in exchange for a multi-billion - dollar investment .
AMD retained 34 % ownership in GlobalFoundries and voting rights equal to ATIC ’s.
AMD will be GlobalFoundries ’ single most important customer for the foreseeable future , as well .
The big change introduced by the spin - off is GlobalFoundries ’ intention to enter the foundry business and , as we ’ve noted , offer its chip fabrication capabilities to a range of clients .
To that end , GlobalFoundries has been assembling a team of veteran executives , both from within the former ranks of AMD and from outside , with experience in key phases of the semiconductor business .
Hearing them talk about GlobalFoundries as “ a big startup ” may fall strangely on the ear of anyone familiar with AMD , but there ’s more than a kernel of truth in the sentiment .
Grose point blank
GlobalFoundries CEO
Doug
Grose makes the case for a new entrant in this business by arguing that chip design is most fundamental to innovation .
The foundry ’s role , as a partner , is to provide leading - edge manufacturing capabilities to its customers , so they can remain focused on design .
Staying at the forefront of chipmaking technology is no trivial undertaking , he points out , with R&D budgets and fab construction costs ballooning in recent years .
The barriers to reaching new process nodes , or “ red brick walls , ” are getting higher and thicker .
By consolidating the knowledge gained from its technology alliance with IBM and other partners , and by serving a diverse portfolio of customers , GlobalFoundries aims to provide a stable source of manufacturing capacity while remaining at the forefront of process advances .
As proof of the opportunities open to GlobalFoundries , Grose points to a host of companies who have traditionally owned fabs but are now looking outside for manufacturing help at advanced process nodes .
Among them are some household names like Sony and Toshiba , alongside industry stalwarts like LSI and Freescale .
Other big names may fall soon , too .
Grose ’s pitch for his firm also emphasizes security of supply , a potential worry for fabless customers of firms like TSMC whose fabs are centralized in Asia .
GlobalFoundries can provide an additional measure of security with its fabs located in Germany and , soon , in upstate New York , as well .
The CEO identifies several challenges for his company , and at the top of the heap is establishing that GlobalFoundries knows how to work independently of AMD .
Doing so will mean building out the company ’s design enablement services , so that it has engineers capable of assisting customers in creating viable , workable chip designs .
The firm has one design team in Dresden , formerly of AMD , and another in California to help with enablement .
Sales and market efforts are ramping up , as well .
Grose says the current plan is to focus on 45nm and newer process technologies , but he recognizes that the 45nm node will eventually be a generation or two behind the state - of - the - art .
As that happens , GlobalFoundries may expand its focus to serve a broader set of customers with its older fabs , presumably at lower costs .
Bulking up
Few customers other than AMD are likely to take advantage of the full gamut of advanced materials and techniques used in GlobalFoundries ’ 45 nm SOI DSL process .
Adapting a design to such a process is not a trivial undertaking .
Many products do n’t require and may not benefit from the combination of additional switching speed and associated cost that comes with an advanced process , either .
As a result , GlobalFoundries must offer a more conventional bulk silicon option in order to attract customers .
According to Jim Doran , the company ’s Senior VP and General Manger , Dresden , Fab 1 module 2 will provide that bulk silicon capacity at 32nm when its retrofit is complete .
At present , production is scheduled to ramp late this year , and the module should be capable of 25,000 wafer starts per month when it reaches peak capacity .
Meanwhile , Fab 1 module 1 will remain focused on SOI production for AMD , with the crossover point from a majority of 65nm wafers to a majority of 45nm wafers expected to come very soon , near mid-year .
Module 1 is also capable of up to 25,000 wafer starts per month .
The crown jewel of GlobalFoundries ’ roadmap is Fab 2 , a new 300 mm fab to be located on the Luther Forest Technology Campus in Saratoga County , New York .
Fab 2 will be geared toward chip production on 32nm and later 22nm process tech , and the facility represents a $ 4.5 billion investment .
Although the firm has n’t yet broken ground at the site , it hopes to start initial silicon at Fab 2 module 1 in late 2011 , with shipping products rolling off the line in 2012 .
Capacity should reach at least 35,000 wafer starts per month once the production has fully ramped .
In addition , the Fab 2 site has been intentionally planned with further expansion in mind , so second and third modules of the same sizeor of varying sizes should be feasible , although the company has n’t committed yet to any specific course of action or time frame , according to Terry Caudell , Director of Wafer Manufacturing .
Just as AMD has done in Germany , GlobalFoundries has worked closely with local governments , especially the state of New York , to secure a rich set of incentives and tax breaks as inducements to build its fab in this location .
In return , Fab 2 should directly bring upwards of 1,400 jobs , many of them highly skilled , to the area .
In addition , GlobalFoundries projects 5,000 “ spin-off ” jobs to be created by Fab 2 ’s presence as a high - tech anchor in the area .
Shrinking down
One of the advantages of the Saratoga County location is its relative proximity to key research partners , including IBM ’s 300 mm fab in East Fishkill , New York and the College of Nanoscale Science and Engineering of the University at Albany .
AMD has long worked with IBM and other members of IBM ’s collaborative technology alliance , and GlobalFoundries continues to participate in that R&D network .
The alliance conducts early - stage research and develops new process technologies , taking them to production readiness .
Most of that work takes place in IBM ’s East Fishkill location , and GlobalFoundries has a team of over 70 people working there now .
John Pellerin , GlobalFoundries ’ Director of R&D , says the current agreement runs with IBM though 2015 and includes development of bulk silicon technologies , as well as SOI .
Already , 32nm technology is deep in development , in both SOI and bulk variants .
Like the AMD / GlobalFoundries 45 nm process , the 32nm process will use immersion lithography to enable smaller geometries .
In addition , 32nm will see the introduction of the alliance ’s “ gate first ” version of high - K / metal gate technology , along with an ultra - low - k insulator made possible by a porous material .
Both changes should improve performance and reduce power consumption , if they work as intended , although the company cited no specific targets for overall performance or power improvements at 32nm .
Pellerin said the first 32nm SRAM test chips were run in Dresden in the fourth quarter of 2008 .
GlobalFoundries expects to accept tape - outs in late 2009 , and production is on schedule for early 2010 .
The next step beyond that , at least for bulk silicon , is a 28nm “ half - node ” process .
This slightly smaller process should be an easy conversion from 32nm for any existing GlobalFoundries customers , and it ’s projected to achieve 40 % higher performance and 20 % lower power consumption than a comparable 45 nm process .
Pellerin names a handful of technologies as possible foundations for subsequent generations of fab tech , including 3D ICs that allow the stacking of components , a new transistor structure called multi-gate FinFET , EUV lithography , and computational lithography .
Further out , possibilities like carbon nanotubes and molecular self - assembly enter the conversation , although Pellerin admits such talk is a bit tongue - in - cheek at present .
But perhaps only a bit .
One of the first EUV lithography tools in the world is located not far from the future site of Fab 2 , at the College of Nanoscale Science and Engineering of the University at Albany .
The CNSE is a highly distinctive institution that brings together the academy , employees from a range of companies in the semiconductor industry ( including the major tool makers and many members of the IBM alliance ) , and government .
With 80,000 square feet of clean rooms , the CNSE is engaged in everything from very early - stage , nano - scale research to chip prototyping , all while granting degrees .
Many elements of the next - generation process technologies used by GlobalFoundries and the other members of the IBM alliance are likely to be developed there .
Should You Be Concerned About the Height of the Market ?
US equity markets have been trading at or near all - time highs recently as the S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite both reached new highs multiple times in August .
1
This news has led some skeptics to believe that a US stock market at a record high level could be a cause for concern .
Does reaching an all - time high mean that the market is more likely to decline in the near future ?
After all , reaching an all - time high means we could be at the peak of the market and we could now be poised for a sell - off .
Before we get too caught up in the hype though , let ’s take a look back at what market highs have shown historically .
Looking at the month - by - month returns of the S&P 500 ( including dividends ) from 1900 through July 2018 , 276 of all months in this time period ended at all - time highs as compared to the monthly close of all previous months .
2
Interestingly enough , of these 275 months ending at all - time highs prior to July 2018 , 258 of them , or 93.8 % , were followed by at least one new month - end all - time high at some point in the next year .
98.2 % of all - time highs were followed by at least one new all - time high within the next 5 years and 99.3 % of all - time highs were followed by at least one new all - time high within the next 10 years . [+]
Read More
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.S. unemployment rate rose to a 25 - year high of 8.1 percent in February as employers , buckling under the strain of a severe recession , axed 651,000 jobs , government data showed on Friday .
Adding to the gloom , a combined 161,000 more jobs were lost in January and December than previously believed , the U.S. Labor Department said in its monthly nonfarm payrolls report .
Since the recession started in December 2007 , the economy has shed 4.4 million jobs , with more than half of that number lost in the last four months alone .
A total of 12.5 million people were unemployed in February , the Labor Department said .
“ These are all frightening numbers and connote an economy that is still failing , ” said Bernard Baumohl , chief global economist at the Economic Outlook Group in Princeton New Jersey .
“ The economy is still months away from this recession bottoming out . ”
However , there was relief among investors the drop was not as deep as some had feared , helping the Dow Jones industrial to end 32.50 points higher at 6,626.94 , offsetting a sell - off of technology shares .
That took some steam off the Treasuries market , with debt prices dropping .
“ The ‘ whisper ’ numbers were calling for as low as minus 800,000 .
Markets will turn before the broader economy , and the economy itself will improve before we begin seeing signs of stability in employment patterns , ” said Kevin Giddis , head of fixed - income trading at Morgan Keegan in Memphis , Tennessee .
February ’s jobless rate was the highest since December 1983 and was a half percentage point above January ’s 7.6 percent .
The increase was the biggest for any month since April 1980 .
January ’s job cuts were revised to show a steep decline of 655,000 , while December ’s payroll losses were adjusted to 681,000 , the deepest since October 1949 .
“ We ’ve only had maybe 10 months where we ’ve lost 500,000 jobs in the history of our series .
This is four of the 10 , all in a row .
We ’ve never had four straight months of job losses in excess of 600,000 , ” said Bureau of Labor Statistics Commissioner Keith Hall .
RECESSION DEEPENING
The Obama administration , which is rolling out a $ 787 billion stimulus package to try to break the economy ’s alarming downward spiral , said February ’s jobs statistics were more evidence of the depth of the recession .
U.S. President Barack Obama , speaking in Columbus , Ohio , said : “ I do n’t need to tell the people of this state what statistics like this mean , because so many of you have been watching jobs disappear long before this recession hit . ”
The success of spending plan depends on stabilizing the fractured financial system and the collapsed housing market , which are at the center of the economic rout .
Losses in February were broad based , with only government , education and health services hiring .
Economists expected the pace of job losses to continue into 2010 , even with the much anticipated economic recovery is the second half of this year .
“ From an employment perspective , this is already the deepest U.S. recession since 1958 .
We have n’t seen any decrease in the pace of job cut announcements and the economy is showing no signs of improving , ” said Benjamin Reitzes , an economist at BMO Capital Markets in Toronto .
“ We see the unemployment rate peaking at 9.6 percent in 2010 . ”
The manufacturing sector shed 168,000 jobs , after 257,000 vanished in January , while the construction sector bled 104,000 jobs after losing 118,000 in January .
U.S. employers axed 651,000 jobs in February , pushing the unemployment rate to its highest in 25 years , as companies buckled under the strain of a recession that is showing no signs of ending , according to a government report .
REUTERS / Graphics
The service sector , grouping industries such as airlines , hotels , banks and restaurants , slashed 375,000 positions after shedding 276,000 in January .
Companies struggling with falling revenues and tight profit margins are axing jobs in huge numbers , forcing households to further scale back spending , creating a vicious cycle .
“ The situation is getting worse , not better , ” Mohamed El - Erian , chief executive of bond giant Pimco , told Reuters Television , adding that the data showed “ even the profitable firms are shedding labor in order to position themselves for a more difficult outcome . ”
More worrying , a measure of the unemployed , people working part - time for economic reasons and those who have given up looking for work , surged to 14.8 percent -- the highest on records dating back to 1994 -- from 13.9 percent in January .
The Labor Department also noted a sharp rise in the number of people experiencing long spells of unemployment , with 2.9 million people having been unemployed for 27 weeks or longer in February , compared to 1.3 million in January .
The length of the workweek was steady at 33.3 hours , matching a record low registered in December .
The factory workweek edged lower to 39.6 hours from 39.8 in January .
Weekly overtime hours at factories slipped to 2.6 hours in February from 2.8 in January .
Average hourly earnings inched up to $ 18.47 from $ 18.44 .
Bolivian TV channel PAT has been left looking a bit daft after broadcasting extraordinary images of the last moments of Air France flight 447 , lost over the Atlantic on 1 June :
According to the report , the snaps were retrieved from a recovered Casio Z750 , which was subsequently traced via the serial number to its owner - " Paulo G. Muller , an actor from a well - known children 's theatre on the outskirts of Porto Alegre " .
In fact , the camera can be traced to ABC Studios and sharp - eyed readers will notice that the photographs feature well - known actress Evangeline Lilly , aka Kate Austen from TV series Lost .
PAT has fallen hook , line and sinker for a hoax email , and to add to its embarrassment , has failed to appreciate that while the flight 447 disaster occurred at night , the images represent the daytime fictional break - up of Oceanic Flight 815 . ®
White - collar crooks ' suite - heart deals
Insider trading , it turns out , really is a serious crime .
Who knew ?
Not Malcolm Wittenberg , the big - firm Oakland attorney who gambled a 30 - year career for a measly $ 14,000 in stock profits the feds say derived from a client 's confidential information .
Not Vaughn Walker , the San Francisco federal judge who coddled the masterminds of securities fraud at California MicroDevices because he admired their charitable contributions and believed their situations " tragic . "
And certainly not the countless Messrs .
Big Pants who shared high - tech secrets for stock market killings in the shameless Valley of Greed , aka Silicon Valley .
But earlier this month , the U.S. Sentencing Commission set them straight .
It proposed to double prison sentences for high - ticket fraud and insider trading , and make similarly husky increases for tax cheating and other white - collar crimes .
The new punishments take effect Nov. 1 unless Congress rejects them , which virtually no one believes will happen .
So , swaggering capitalists who cross the line may do , say , five years for a $ 500,000 fraud rather than a paltry two years - and that sends a critical message .
Anyone remotely connected with the high - tech miracle in Silicon Valley knows it was tainted by cooked books and rigged offerings and rampant insider trading - the practice of selling or buying stock on valuable information known only to company executives .
The corruption lured money into companies and products that did n't deserve the investment .
It scammed people into buying hot - air stocks that inevitably collapsed .
And it undermined the public 's faith in the financial markets , teaching us that the game is fixed in favor of corporate honchos and their legal and financial advisers .
Yet few honchos took this stuff seriously .
They treated their profits as an entitlement rather than as ill - gotten gains that could buy them time in jail .
Wittenberg earned a lofty six figures as a partner at Crosby , Heafey , Roach & May - Oakland 's largest law firm .
He headed the firm 's patent practice , one of the hottest areas of the law .
But , on Aug. 16 , 1999 , according to the Securities and Exchange Commission , a client told him it was considering a merger .
Rather than keep the information confidential , says the SEC , Wittenberg bought 2,000 shares of his client 's stock .
On Aug. 23 , the merger was announced , the client 's stock skyrocketed - and Wittenberg realized $ 14,000 in profits .
A few weeks ago , the SEC settled a civil lawsuit against him , but he still faces criminal charges of insider trading .
He denies wrongdoing .
Now , who risks a lucrative legal career for $ 14,000 ?
Hard to say , but clearly not someone who believes he will answer for his crime .
Which raises a troubling point about the proposed sentencing guidelines .
Alone , they are worthless .
They only work if securities cheats are caught , prosecuted and punished .
And in the Bay Area , the record is dismal .
For years , local offices of the SEC and U.S. attorney had little to show for their tough talk about securities fraud .
The sudden high - tech boom caught them unprepared .
For every California MicroDevices , there were dozens of Silicon Valley companies fudging their numbers at will .
But things change .
Collapsing stock prices have exposed high - tech Ponzi schemes .
The SEC and U. S. attorney have beefed up their San Francisco and San Jose offices and touted cases against wrongdoers such as Wittenberg and McKessonHBOC .
U.S. Attorney Robert Mueller preaches zero tolerance of boardroom crooks , promising more prosecutions of admittedly difficult cases .
But Mueller knows the frustration of bringing a powerful case to an unwilling judge .
In March , he criticized the new sentencing guidelines for allowing judges to put more white - collar criminals in halfway houses and home detention .
He told the U.S. Sentencing Commission that some judges learn a crook has " a decent background , went to college , and all of a sudden say , ÔWell , why should this person spend time in jail ' ? "
Mueller did n't name names .
But surely he was thinking of Judge Walker 's aversion to harsh sentences for well - educated , well - heeled criminals and , in particular , perpetrators of securities fraud .
This is a pivotal moment .
Stumbling dot-coms and other high - tech companies are being called to account for their funky financial machinations .
Washington ,
D.C. , lawyer Harvey Pitt is heading for the chairmanship of the SEC to regulate the financial clients he now represents .
And an aging population is changing its criminal tastes from violence to white - collar wrongdoing or , as San Francisco State University professor Michael Rustigan puts it , " Crime is shifting from the streets to the suites . "
* Court orders seizure and sale of Louisiana mall
* Stock down 6 percent
* Loans on three malls moved to special servicing ( Adds investor quote , background , stock price byline )
NEW YORK , March 20 ( Reuters ) - A Louisiana court issued an order to seize and sell a General Growth Properties Inc GGP.N shopping center in a New Orleans suburb after the No. 2 U.S. mall owner failed to repay a $ 95 million loan , a Citigroup Inc C.N unit said on Friday .
The Oakwood Shopping Center in the town of Gretna is the fourth mall loan that General Growth has said over the past few days it would not be able to repay .
But it is unclear what the effect the relatively small foreclosure and defaults will have on the overall financial outlook for the company , which has said it may have to file for bankruptcy protection if it cannot refinance its much larger debt .
The Chicago - based company , which owns or operates more than 200 U.S. malls , has $ 1.18 billion in past due debt and additional $ 4.09 billion of debt that could be accelerated by its lenders .
It is trying to garner the support of holders of notes from Rouse Co , which General Growth acquired in 2004 , for support that would allow it skip the payments on $ 2.25 billion of notes this year .
“ I do n’t know if that necessarily leads them to foreclose across the board , ” Sam Lieber , chief executive and portfolio manager of the Alpine Funds .
“ It may make it tougher with regard to getting the final approval from the note holders .
If that unravels as a result of this , I think you would see them do a preemptive filing , and that ’s in order to retain the cash flow and the cash on hand .
Rating agency Standard & Poor ’s said on Friday securitized mortgages on three malls had been transferred to special servicers after General Growth said it would not be able to repay the loans due to difficult capital market conditions .
Part of the Town East Mall , a 1.3 million - square - foot mall in Mesquite , Texas , secured a loan that has a $ 105.4 million balance due on April 11 .
The Southland Mall in Hayward , California , secured a loan with a balance of $ 81.3 million .
The loan matured March 1 , according to the ratings agency .
A third loan , which a balance of $ 73.7 million , was secured by part of the 1.2 million - square - foot Deerbrook Mall in Humble , Texas .
The loan matured March 1 .
General Growth did not immediately return a call seeking comment .
General Growth shares closed 6 percent , or 3 cents , down at 44 cents on the New York Stock Exchange .
( Reporting by Ilaina Jonas ; editing by John Wallace and Andre Grenon )
The best web design software will make it simple to build the website you need , either by using a drag - and - drop editor where you can combine different elements easily without coding , or else a software platform that involves customizing web code such as HTML & CSS and even JavaScript for your own needs .
As with any great endeavor , web design is about both inspiration and perseverance .
Back in the day , creating web pages was the sole province of hardcore coders , but that ’s not the case anymore given that there are numerous tools to simplify the process .
Some of these even have a visual interface like a website builder , allowing you to drag and drop links , text and images as if you were designing a poster or presentation .
Other web design tools are geared towards programmers , acting as advanced text editors , and allowing for building a website line - by - line .
However , most web design tools exist somewhere between these two extremes .
All of them make it easier to build in the elements you require on your website , and can work with additional tools such as form builders , image hosting , and even content delivery networks .
In this guide we have focused on five of the very best tools currently available .
When weighing up which to include , we have focused on ease of use , supported web languages , cost , and how easy the tools make it to upload the finished project once you are done .
If this is your first time building a website we recommend using a free tool such as Bluefish before spending any money .
All premium tools covered in this guide offer a trial version , in any case , so you can get an idea of what they ’re about before you commit .
If web design software is too complicated for you , then you might want to try online website builders that focus on simplicity and ease of use rather than on offering an extensive feature set .
Want your company or services to be considered for this buyer ’s guide ?
Please email your request to desire.athow@futurenet.com with the URL of the buying guide in the subject line .
We ’ve rounded up the best website hosting services .
( Image credit : Adobe )
1. Adobe Dreamweaver CC
The best web design software for professionals VISIT WEBSITE Customize your design Build a responsive design HTML5 support Not cheap
Adobe Dreamweaver is a long - established app that allows you to code your website design directly , without having to know too much about programming .
The software works through a mix of visual editing and HTML editing , which means it should n't have too steep a learning curve for most users .
Additionally , while coding your own website design requires you to put in more effort than simply using an existing ready made template , at least you have the chance to ensure you get the look you actually want , rather than trying to work around someone else 's design specifications .
A particularly good feature of Dreamweaver is that it allows you to produce a responsive design , which means your website can be optimized to display on desktops as well as mobile devices , without limiting the user experience .
However , if you are a more advanced user you may be pleased to note that Dreamweaver provides multi-monitor support for Windows .
It also supports the Chromium Embedded Framework ( CEF ) to work with HTML5 elements and CSS grids .
Additionally , there 's also support for Git to allow you to edit source code directly from within Dreamweaver .
Dreamweaver is available as part of Adobe 's mid-range packaged app subscription service , Creative Cloud , which also includes Photoshop .
The subscription costs from $ 20.99 a month if you pay annually , and also comes with a month 's free access to Adobe Stock image .
Alternatively , if you only wish to pay monthly , it costs $ 31.49 per month .
( Image credit : Wix )
2. Wix
The best web design software for beginners Visit Site Very easy to use
No coding required Huge range of powerful features
Yet still highly user - friendly
Wix is more of a website builder than a coding platform , but it is one of the most popular online website creators , offering a range of plans and products .
The free version has Wix branding , limited storage space ( 500 MB ) and bandwidth , but move up to the most popular plan ( unlimited ) and there ’s no Wix ads .
An excellent collection of 500 plus templates gets the design process off to a quick start .
The drag - and - drop editor gives you all kinds of tools and features to explore – an image editor , video backgrounds , animations , social buttons , an integrated site blog – and just about everything can be tweaked , tuned and restyled .
Furthermore , as of recently , Wix introduced Wix Turbo , which increases the speed and performance of websites substantially .
All the core editing functions are really smartly designed , and operate more like a native app than your average website builder .
Wix does have some weaknesses , with tech support seeming a little sluggish and limited in some respects .
But there ’s no denying that the superb editor and range of top - notch templates make it easy for web building novices to create something impressive .
Paid plans start from $ 13 a month for personal use , but the $ 17 a month plan for Entrepreneurs and Freelancers offers more features .
For dedicated business and ecommerce use plans start from $ 23 a month .
( Image credit : WordPress )
3. WordPress
The best custom option for beginners VISIT WEBSITE Easy to install and use Many available features Pre-built website templates Watch out for spam
WordPress is an alternative way to set up and design your website , being rather different to the other offerings we 've highlighted here because it 's actually a content management system ( CMS ) .
The power here is that it is a simple matter to set up a website in minutes .
Indeed , many web hosting packages include a one - click install of WordPress from their Control Panel , but even without that , WordPress is relatively easy to install .
Once installed , the backend for administration and management is very user - friendly .
You can use the existing WordPress design templates for your website , but more likely you will want to download and install an existing free or premium WordPress template – all of which can be done with just a few clicks .
Even if you would prefer to work with your own design , you can often do so using drag - and - drop functions , usually from a downloaded design with an in - built framework .
This can allow you to create a professional - looking website without having to learn programming or coding at all .
Better still , there are so many free add - ons available to download and install , often requiring nothing more than a few clicks .
This makes the whole process of customizing your website very simple , and it does not require any professional skills .
Overall , WordPress is a very easy CMS to use , and can provide a very quick way to get any form of website online fast .
The huge variety of template designs and additional community supported features mean that getting something which is near the mark of what you want is n't hard at all .
Just ensure that in the settings you select to turn off comments so as to avoid spam .
( Image credit : Weebly )
4. Weebly The DIY e-commerce website VISIT WEBSITE Professional look Mobile - friendly Easy to personalize
Weebly is another online CMS , this time targeted at people with little or no coding experience , by providing easy to use drag and drop tools for creating a website .
Weebly also provides the ability for users to create online stores using existing templates to work with their simply website - building framework .
The number of themes available for Weebly is somewhat limited , but the designs are clean and professional - looking , plus there are options to personalize accordingly .
Additionally , the themes are responsive , which means they are optimized to work with mobile devices , plus they have in built SEO , analytics , and even a feature for posting ads directly to Facebook .
There 's a free tier available for basic use , and allows you to get used to the service , with paid plans starting from $ 6 per month .
However , to use your own domain and get rid of ads , you 'll need to start with the $ 12 per month Professional plan .
( Image credit : Webflow )
5. Webflow Cloud - based offering that needs no coding knowledge VISIT WEBSITE Drag and drop GUI Truly cross-platform Interface takes time to master
Webflow is a cloud - based service which has been created specifically to allow people with no coding knowledge to get started with web design .
Aside from being truly cross-platform , as it's web - based , Webflow emphasizes the concept of ' smart codelessness ' .
In the first instance this means a crisp drag and drop interface allowing you to drop elements such as text and images seamlessly onto a page using one of the freely available templates .
Unlike many WYSIWYG editors , the code produced is very clean and well - written even if you choose the ' I have no coding experience ' option during setup .
Webflow 's automation tool will create the necessary HTML / CSS code for you .
You can make granular changes to individual elements using the panels on the right .
Webflow offers a free demonstration of its features via the website , and you can also subscribe for a free Starter package which allows you to create up to two projects .
If you require more than this , prices start at $ 12 a month for the basic package , rising to $ 36 a month for the business package .
This is a little pricey compared to equivalent tools , mind you .
( Image credit : Bluefish )
6. Bluefish Lightweight and easy to use web coding platform VISIT WEBSITE Lightweight and quick Use advanced code via wizards
No visual interface
Bluefish is among the smallest web design tools available today .
The tiny installer takes only a few moments to setup .
While the interface is text - only , it 's clearly designed with novices in mind as it employs clear - cut toolbars , user customizable menus and syntax highlighting .
While the main focus is on HTML , Bluefish supports a huge range of other languages including PHP , Java , JavaScript , SQL , XML and CSS .
Unlike visual WYSIWYG web design tools , the text interface makes for much cleaner code .
Bluefish has an excellent search function , allowing you to find text across multiple projects .
The tool also has no trouble juggling hundreds of documents at the same time .
Although Bluefish supports working with remote files , the varied and useful dialogs and wizards do n't currently support direct upload of web pages via FTP .
Despite the best efforts of the developers , Bluefish may take some time to get used to .
The tool is available free of charge , however , so you have nothing to lose by giving it a try .
( Image credit : Atom )
7. Atom Text Editor Edit your code Atom Text Editor Visit Site at Atom Text Editor Easy to use Add libraries Change theme
No visual interface
Atom is an open source editor for designing , developing , and editing code .
It 's very easy to use and there are developer tools to simplify the process .
The integrated packet manager also means you can add additional features directly from Github , who developed Atom , and there 's a drag - and - drop feature for moving files and folders around .
While a lot of people may be intimated by the idea of coding if they have no programming experience , at some point in the web design process it can be important to be able to edit code directly .
This is particularly helpful if you want to customize code for existing software add - ons in order to get the features you want for your website .
Note that existing text editing apps are not good for working with code as they insert additional formatting that can render your code useless .
Hence the need for a dedicated code editor .
However , Atom is free to download and use , and the extensive range of libraries available could be especially helpful .
Furthermore , Atom 's user interface can be tweaked and customized directly or via installing the third - party themes that help you work best , or the ones which simply make the program easier to use .
Atom also comes with a very strong support community .
If you 're involved in web design , the chances are you 'll also need some graphic design skills and assets .
Here we 'll look at a couple of other resources and assets you 'll properly need to help with your website design process :
1. Graphics program
You do n't need anything too expensive or fancy unless you 're chasing a career in graphic design or illustration .
However , you 'll probably find yourself wanting to create simple logos , headings , text features , as well as manipulate photos , all as part of your website design .
There are a lot of different packages out there , from GIMP which is a completely free software platform , to older software such as Jasc 's Paint Shop Pro which remains a competent program that can be bought on the cheap at Amazon .
Alternatively , check out these other features for the latest in best , and sometimes free , software you might want to use :
2. Stock photos
On top of creating your own graphics , there 's also a good chance you 'll want to use stock photos to really give your website a professional look .
Stock photos are available on almost any subject matter , and on top of that there are also an increasing number of stock video websites , in case you want to add video media .
Even better is that there are a number of free stock image and video websites , but be advised that these tend to be much more limited than paid - for stock image sites .
Here you can check out some of our features on these , to help you choose the best ones :
You might also want to look at our many web hosting guides :
Simple Ways to Help Iranian Free Speech # IranElection #gr88
Posted on 17 June 2009 .
Filed under : Advocacy | Tags : # gr88 , #iranelection , #tehran , censorship , Freedom of Speech , human rights , Iran , Iranian elections |
Français ; Español ; Türkçe ; Deutsch
I am neutral on the Iranian election .
But I am very pro freedom of speech .
Whether we agree or disagree with any given Iranian citizen , they ought to have the right to express their views .
Here are simple ways you can help them defeat attempts at censorship in Iran :
1 . Do you twitter ?
Change your twitter location to any city in Iran .
If all of us are Iranians then it is a little harder for government censors to track down Iranian tweeters .
( See list of Iranian cities at http://is.gd/13UCt.)
Some people say you should also change your time zone to Tehran time , which is 3.5 hours past GMT ( GMT +3:30 ) .
Other people say the time zone is irrelevant .
Decide for yourself .
2. Read a list of a few more simple ideas for how you can help at http://is.gd/13TK4
( This is the “ BoingBoing ” post for those of you who have been around enough to see it already .
Also read 6 ways the Western World Can Support Iranian Activists at http://is.gd/18jZ9.
( Those of you looking for more ambitious ideas for how to be involved , read # 4 and # 5 below . )
3. Finished with # 1 and # 2 above ?
Recruit others to help too .
Spread the word .
Here are a few ways you can do this :
Tweet this phrase : Simple ways to help Iranian free speech : http://is.gd/13U0V
# IranElection #gr88 Pls RT
Also consider copy / pasting this announcement into your blog or facebook page so more people will see it .
Or simply link to its original home at http://is.gd/13U0V.
( If you copy / paste , please copy the text from its original home to ensure that you have any updated URLs or other information . )
Also , consider voting for this blog post ( http://is.gd/13U0V) at one or more of the following : http://www.stumbleupon.com/, http://www.reddit.com/;
http://is.gd/13WVR ( digg.com )
That will help more people find it .
4. Looking for more ideas how to help ?
Consult http://iran.sharearchy.com/.
This provides instructions on how you can set up your own proxy server to help Iranians blog more safely ( easier than you might think , though with certain caveats which you will need to read at the link ) .
It also has more tips for how to participate in global dialogue and mobilize support in a way that protects the safety of Iranian bloggers and tweeters .
But before you pass along information about your proxy server , make sure it is running correctly .
Many proxy servers do n’t help because they are n’t configured correctly .
Learn more about potential problems and how to fix them at http://is.gd/193F8.
And test your proxy at http://is.gd/18Mlj.
5 . Are you bilingual ?
Please consider providing translation assistance so that people all around the world can learn about ideas for how to support free speech no matter what language they communicate in .
For more details , go to http://is.gd/14PMh.
6 . Want to follow the “ tweets ” about Iran ?
At twitter.com , do a search for # IranElection or # gr88
These are the two official hash tags used by Iranian bloggers themselves .
( Hash tags are used to help find tweets on specific topics ) .
As the “ boing boing ” post says , do be on guard .
Some tweets are very legitimate , but others are rumors , speculation , or even outright disinformation .
Share this :
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Reddit
Pinterest
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Make a Comment
Comments RSS
Feed
Where 's The Comment Form ?
Baseball Reference is happy to announce the launch of the Game Changer tool , which allows you to customize how you view baseball on MLB .
TV .
The Game Changer may be familiar to those who were using it when it was hosted by The Baseball Gauge , a site run by Dan Hirsch who has adapted the tool to work from Baseball Reference now .
The Game Changer functions in a similar way to the NFL RedZone channel , but for Major League Baseball , prioritizing the key moments you want to catch .
All you need to do is set your priorities and click " Launch Video " .
The Game Changer will do the rest by automatically switching to the game that meets your highest priority at that moment .
Some of the different priorities you can set include :
- If a pitcher you want to see is on the mound pitching
- If a batter you want to see is at bat
- There is also an option to switch to the game if that batter is on deck with less than 2 outs
- If a player you want to see is on base
- If the game situation is high - leverage , meaning it could have a big effect on the team 's chance of winning
- If there 's a no-hitter going through x innings
- If there 's a position player pitching
- If a game has entered extra innings
This is currently not available on mobile .
So , if you have MLB.tv access on your computer and wanted a way to personalize your watching experience , check out the Game Changer and give it a try !
Feel free to send any suggestions or feedback through our feedback form , we 'd love to hear your thoughts on this new tool .
Today we explain you how to create a videoplayer with some basic features like this one .
These are : – Play / Pause – Stop – Preloading – Scrubbing – Volume handling
There will be another tutorial , which will extend this player .
So be sure to check it out .
Requirements
Adobe Flash CS3
Try / Buy
Source Files
Download
Constants
As always , we begin with setting the constants .
The BUFFER_TIME constant stores the time to buffer for the video in seconds .
This one will later be assigned to the netstream object
const BUFFER_TIME : Number = 8 ;
DEFAULT_VOLUME holds the start volume when the player starts
const DEFAULT_VOLUME: Number = 0.6 ;
Our player has a timer , that updates all the visual parts .
We store the update delay in milliseconds in a constant .
const DISPLAY_TIMER_UPDATE_DELAY:int = 10 ;
To make the video a bit smoother , we can the the Video . smoothing variable to true .
This may slow down old computers .
If you want to deactivate the smoothing on runtime , just open the html file in the zip file , right click on the video player and choose low for the quality .
This way the smoothing will automatically be deactivated by the flash player .
const SMOOTHING : Boolean = true ;
Variables
Let ’s move on with the variables .
We need to know , if the flv has been loaded when clicking the play button in order to load it or just play the video .
var bolLoaded : Boolean = false ;
For the timer function we need to know , if we ’re currently scrubbing the volume or the progress bar .
var bolVolumeScrub:Boolean = false ; var bolProgressScrub: Boolean = false ;
Our player has also a mute / unmute button .
So , we need to store the last used volume .
Like this when you click on unmute , the scrubber will jump back to it ’s previous position as the volume does .
This value is always greater than zero .
We asign the value from DEFAULT_VOLUME .
var intLastVolume : Number = DEFAULT_VOLUME ;
Then we need to have a net connection object for net stream and of course also a net stream object .
var ncConnection : NetConnection ; var nsStream : NetStream ;
To store the received meta data from the flv file , we create an object
var objInfo : Object ;
You can change your url to the flv file here .
We just set it to the sample movie that ’s in the same folder as the swf .
var strSource : String = " hancock - tsr2_h480p.flv " ;
And last of all , we create a timer object for updating the stuff from the player .
var tmrDisplay : Timer ;
Functions
Now we need to initialize our player .
First of all , we hide the unmute and pause button .
Then we set the width of the progress and preload fill to 1 .
Our next step is adding a global eventlistener when the mouse button is released and adding event listeners to all buttons .
Then we create ourtimer object for
updating all parts of the player and add the event listener .
Next we create a new net connection , add the event listener and connect it to null because we do n’t have a media server .
The net stream object needs the net connection for initializing .
Once we have our net stream object ready , we add the event listener , set the client property to this for handling the meta data and set buffer time to the value from the constant BUFFER_TIME .
Then we attach the net stream to the video object on the stage and set the smoothing property to the value from the constant SMOOTHING .
Last of all we set the default volume to the value from the constant DEFAULT_VOLUME .
Note that only values from zero to one are allowed .
function initVideoPlayer ( ) : void { mcVideoControls.btnUnmute.visible = false ; mcVideoControls.btnPause.visible = false ; mcVideoControls.mcProgressFill.mcFillRed.width = 1 ; mcVideoControls.mcProgressFill.mcFillGrey.width = 1 ; stage.addEventListener( MouseEvent.MOUSE_UP , mouseReleased ) ; mcVideoControls.btnPause.addEventListener(MouseEvent.CLICK , pauseClicked ) ; mcVideoControls.btnPlay.addEventListener(MouseEvent.CLICK , playClicked ) ; mcVideoControls.btnStop.addEventListener(MouseEvent.CLICK , stopClicked ) ; mcVideoControls.btnMute.addEventListener(MouseEvent.CLICK , muteClicked ) ; mcVideoControls.btnUnmute.addEventListener(MouseEvent.CLICK , unmuteClicked ) ; mcVideoControls.mcVolumeScrubber.btnVolumeScrubber.addEventListener(MouseEvent.MOUSE_DOWN , volumeScrubberClicked ) ; mcVideoControls.mcProgressScrubber.btnProgressScrubber.addEventListener(MouseEvent.MOUSE_DOWN , progressScrubberClicked ) ; tmrDisplay = new Timer ( DISPLAY_TIMER_UPDATE_DELAY ) ; tmrDisplay.addEventListener(TimerEvent.TIMER , updateDisplay ) ; ncConnection = new NetConnection ( ) ; ncConnection.addEventListener(NetStatusEvent.NET_STATUS , netStatusHandler ) ; ncConnection.connect ( null ) ; nsStream = new NetStream( ncConnection ) ; nsStream.addEventListener(NetStatusEvent.NET_STATUS , netStatusHandler ) ; nsStream.client = this ; nsStream.bufferTime = BUFFER_TIME ; vidDisplay.attachNetStream(nsStream ) ; vidDisplay .smoothing = SMOOTHING ; mcVideoControls.mcVolumeScrubber.x = ( 53 * DEFAULT_VOLUME ) + 341 ; mcVideoControls.mcVolumeFill.mcFillRed.width = mcVideoControls.mcVolumeScrubber.x - 394 + 53 ; setVolume ( DEFAULT_VOLUME ) ; }
The most important part is now done .
We ’ve set all variables and added all event listeners .
We ’re now going to go through all button event listeners .
When the user hit ’s the play button , we need to check , if the flv download has already begun .
If that ’s the case , we resume the playback with the NetStream.resume ( ) function .
If not , we call the play ( ) function and add the source to the flv file as the parameter .
Then we show the video display object that ’s on the stage .
And finally we switch the pause / play visibility .
function playClicked(e: MouseEvent ) : void { if (!bolLoaded ) { nsStream.play( strSource ) ; bolLoaded = true ; } else { nsStream.resume ( ) ; } vidDisplay.visible = true ; mcVideoControls.btnPause.visible = true ; mcVideoControls.btnPlay.visible = false ; }
The pause button only calls the pause ( ) function from the net stream object and switches the pause / play visibility .
function pauseClicked(e: MouseEvent ) : void { nsStream.pause ( ) ; mcVideoControls.btnPause.visible = false ; mcVideoControls.btnPlay.visible = true ; }
When the user click ’s the play button , the stopVideoPlayer ( ) function will be called .
We ’ll explain this function below .
function stopClicked(e: MouseEvent ) : void { stopVideoPlayer ( ) ; }
The mute button sets the volume to zero and updates the volume scrubber and fill position / width .
function muteClicked(e: MouseEvent ) : void { setVolume (0 ) ; mcVideoControls.mcVolumeScrubber.x = 341 ; mcVideoControls.mcVolumeFill.mcFillRed.width = 1 ; }
The unmute button sets the volume to the last used volume and updates the volume scrubber and fill position / width .
function unmuteClicked(e: MouseEvent ) : void { setVolume ( intLastVolume ) ; mcVideoControls.mcVolumeScrubber.x = ( 53 * intLastVolume ) + 341 ; mcVideoControls.mcVolumeFill.mcFillRed.width = mcVideoControls.mcVolumeScrubber.x - 394 + 53 ; }
When the volume scrubber is clicked , the scrub flag will be set to true .
Then we start dragging it withing the boundings that are described as a rectangle .
Exactly the same goes for the progress scrubber except that we ’re setting another flag variable and bounding .
function volumeScrubberClicked(e: MouseEvent ) : void { bolVolumeScrub = true ; mcVideoControls.mcVolumeScrubber.startDrag(false , new Rectangle ( 341 , 19 , 53 , 0 ) ) ; } function progressScrubberClicked(e: MouseEvent ) : void { bolProgressScrub = true ; mcVideoControls.mcProgressScrubber.startDrag(false , new Rectangle ( 0 , 2 , 432 , 0 ) ) ; }
Last of all , we have our mouseReleased ( ) handler .
This function is needed for knowing , when the user stops the scrubbing .
First , we set the progress / volume scrub flag to false .
Then we stop all dragging actions and update the width of the progress / volume fill .
And if the volume is greater than zero , we store it in the variable intLastVolume .
function mouseReleased(e: MouseEvent ) : void { bolVolumeScrub = false ; bolProgressScrub = false ; mcVideoControls.mcProgressScrubber.stopDrag( ) ; mcVideoControls.mcVolumeScrubber.stopDrag( ) ; mcVideoControls.mcProgressFill.mcFillRed.width = mcVideoControls.mcProgressScrubber.x + 5 ; mcVideoControls.mcVolumeFill.mcFillRed.width = mcVideoControls.mcVolumeScrubber.x - 394 + 53 ; if((mcVideoControls.mcVolumeScrubber.x - 341 ) / 53 > 0 ) intLastVolume = ( mcVideoControls.mcVolumeScrubber.x - 341 ) / 53 ; }
The updateDisplay ( ) function will be called by the timer object 100 times a second .
If you want , you can decrease this value by increasing the value from the constant DISPLAY_TIMER_UPDATE_DELAY .
First of all , we check if the user is scrubbing on the progress bar .
If that ’s the case , we seek in the video .
If not , we just update the position of the scrubber according to the current time .
Then we set the time and duration label .
We format the values with the function formatTime ( ) which we explain later .
Now we update the width from the progress bar .
The grey one displays the loading progress while the red one shows the progress from the video .
Last of all we update the volume and the red fill width when the user is scrubbing .
function updateDisplay(e: TimerEvent ) : void { if ( bolProgressScrub ) nsStream.seek( Math.round(mcVideoControls.mcProgressScrubber.x * objInfo.duration / 432 ) ) else mcVideoControls.mcProgressScrubber.x = nsStream.time * 432 / objInfo.duration ; mcVideoControls.lblTimeDuration.htmlText = " " + formatTime(nsStream.time ) + " / " + formatTime ( objInfo.duration ) ; mcVideoControls.mcProgressFill.mcFillRed.width = mcVideoControls.mcProgressScrubber.x + 5 ; mcVideoControls.mcProgressFill.mcFillGrey.width = nsStream.bytesLoaded * 438 / nsStream.bytesTotal ; if ( bolVolumeScrub ) { setVolume (( mcVideoControls.mcVolumeScrubber.x - 341 ) / 53 ) ; mcVideoControls.mcVolumeFill.mcFillRed.width = mcVideoControls.mcVolumeScrubber.x - 394 + 53 ; } }
The onMetaDataFunction will be called as soon as the net stream object gets the meta stuff from the flv file .
We store these informations in a object .
Now can start the timer object because we have all the necessary data .
function on MetaData ( info : Object ) : void { objInfo = info ; tmrDisplay.start ( ) ; }
Once a net status event will be fired , the netStatusHandler ( ) function will be called .
The event holds the info code of the event type .
We only need to handle NetStream .
Play .
StreamNotFound in case the stream is not found and NetStream .
Play .
Stop to know , when the video reached its end to stop the player with the stopVideoPlayer ( ) function .
function netStatusHandler ( event : NetStatusEvent ) : void { switch ( event.info.code ) { case " NetStream .
Play. StreamNotFound " : trace ( " Stream not found : " + strSource ) ; break ; case " NetStream .
Play . Stop " : stopVideoPlayer ( ) ; break ; } }
There are 2 ways to stop the playback :
One is clicking the stop button , the other is reaching the end of the video .
That ’s the reason why we ’ve put this in a function .
First we pause the netstream and set the playback position to zero .
In order to clear the display where the last frame of the video will be shown we need to set the visibility to false .
We ca n’t use the Video.clear ( ) function since it has a bug .
But this one has already been reported to adobe .
This workaround works fine .
Finlay we switch the play / button visibility .
function stopVideoPlayer ( ) : void { nsStream.pause ( ) ; nsStream.seek(0 ) ; vidDisplay.visible = false ; mcVideoControls.btnPause.visible = false ; mcVideoControls.btnPlay.visible = true ; }
To set the volume of the video we use the setVolume ( ) function .
First we create a soundtransform object with the value from the parameter .
Then we assign this object to nsStream .
soundTransform .
And we hide or show the mute and unmute according to the volume .
If it ’s greater than zero , we show the mute button and vice versa .
function setVolume ( intVolume : Number = 0 ) : void { var sndTransform = new SoundTransform ( intVolume ) ; nsStream.soundTransform = sndTransform ; if ( intVolume >
0 ) { mcVideoControls.btnMute.visible = true ; mcVideoControls.btnUnmute.visible = false ; } else { mcVideoControls.btnMute.visible = false ; mcVideoControls.btnUnmute.visible = true ; } }
The last function formatTime ( ) is used to format the seconds to the format mm:ss .
function formatTime ( t:int ) : String { var s:int = Math.round (t ) ; var m:int = 0 ; if ( s > 0 ) { while ( s > 59 ) { m++ ; s -= 60 ; } return String ( ( m < 10 ? " 0 " : " " ) + m + " : " + ( s < 10 ? " 0 " : " " ) + s ) ; } else { return " 00:00 " ; } }
Call init function
The only thing left to do is calling the init function for the player .
initVideoPlayer ( ) ;
We hope you liked this tutorial .
If you have any question do n’t hesitate to ask .
Also we ’ve already mentioned be sure to check back for the next part that will be coming soon .
Full code with comments
// ########################## // #############
CONSTANTS // ########################## // time to buffer for the video in sec .
const BUFFER_TIME : Number = 8 ; // start volume when initializing player const DEFAULT_VOLUME : Number = 0.6 ; // update delay in milliseconds .
const DISPLAY_TIMER_UPDATE_DELAY:int = 10 ; // smoothing for video .
may slow down old computers const SMOOTHING : Boolean = true ; // ########################## // #############
VARIABLES // ########################## // flag for knowing if flv has been loaded var bolLoaded : Boolean = false ; // flag for volume scrubbing var bolVolumeScrub : Boolean = false ; // flag for progress scrubbing var bolProgressScrub : Boolean = false ; // holds the last used volume , but never 0 var intLastVolume : Number = DEFAULT_VOLUME ; // net connection object for net stream var ncConnection : NetConnection ; // net stream object var nsStream : NetStream ; // object holds all meta data var objInfo : Object ; // url to flv file var strSource : String = " hancock - tsr2_h480p.flv " ; // timer for updating player ( progress , volume ... ) var tmrDisplay : Timer ; // ########################## // #############
FUNCTIONS // ########################## // sets up the player function initVideoPlayer ( ) : void { // hide buttons mcVideoControls.btnUnmute.visible = false ; mcVideoControls.btnPause.visible = false ; // set the progress / preload fill width to 1 mcVideoControls.mcProgressFill.mcFillRed.width = 1 ; mcVideoControls.mcProgressFill.mcFillGrey.width = 1 ; // add global event listener when mouse is released stage.addEventListener( MouseEvent.MOUSE_UP , mouseReleased ) ; // add event listeners to all buttons mcVideoControls.btnPause.addEventListener(MouseEvent.CLICK , pauseClicked ) ; mcVideoControls.btnPlay.addEventListener(MouseEvent.CLICK , playClicked ) ; mcVideoControls.btnStop.addEventListener(MouseEvent.CLICK , stopClicked ) ; mcVideoControls.btnMute.addEventListener(MouseEvent.CLICK , muteClicked ) ; mcVideoControls.btnUnmute.addEventListener(MouseEvent.CLICK , unmuteClicked ) ; mcVideoControls.mcVolumeScrubber.btnVolumeScrubber.addEventListener(MouseEvent.MOUSE_DOWN , volumeScrubberClicked ) ; mcVideoControls .mcProgressScrubber.btnProgressScrubber.addEventListener(MouseEvent.MOUSE_DOWN , progressScrubberClicked ) ; // create timer for updating all visual parts of player and add // event listener tmrDisplay = new Timer ( DISPLAY_TIMER_UPDATE_DELAY ) ; tmrDisplay.addEventListener(TimerEvent.TIMER , updateDisplay ) ; // create a new net connection , add event listener and connect // to null because we do n't have a media server ncConnection = new NetConnection ( ) ; ncConnection.addEventListener(NetStatusEvent.NET_STATUS , netStatusHandler ) ; ncConnection.connect ( null ) ; // create a new netstream with the net connection , add event // listener , set client to this for handling meta data and // set the buffer time to the value from the constant nsStream = new NetStream( ncConnection ) ; nsStream.addEventListener(NetStatusEvent.NET_STATUS , netStatusHandler ) ; nsStream.client = this ; nsStream.bufferTime = BUFFER_TIME ; // attach net stream to video object on the stage vidDisplay.attachNetStream( nsStream ) ; // set the smoothing value from the constant vidDisplay .
smoothing = SMOOTHING ; // set default volume mcVideoControls.mcVolumeScrubber.x = ( 52 * DEFAULT_VOLUME ) + 341 ; mcVideoControls.mcVolumeFill.mcFillRed.width = mcVideoControls.mcVolumeScrubber.x - 394 + 52 ; setVolume ( DEFAULT_VOLUME ) ; } function playClicked (e: MouseEvent ) : void { // check's , if the flv has already begun // to download .
if so , resume playback , else // load the file if (! bolLoaded ) { nsStream.play( strSource ) ; bolLoaded = true ; } else{ nsStream.resume( ) ; } // show video display vidDisplay .
visible = true ; // switch play / pause visibility mcVideoControls.btnPause.visible = true ; mcVideoControls.btnPlay.visible = false ; } function pauseClicked(e: MouseEvent ) : void { // pause video nsStream.pause ( ) ; // switch play / pause visibility mcVideoControls.btnPause.visible = false ; mcVideoControls.btnPlay.visible = true ; } function stopClicked(e: MouseEvent ) : void { // calls stop function stopVideoPlayer ( ) ; } function muteClicked (e: MouseEvent ) : void { // set volume to 0 setVolume ( 0 ) ; // update scrubber and fill position / width mcVideoControls.mcVolumeScrubber.x = 341 ; mcVideoControls.mcVolumeFill.mcFillRed.width = 1 ; } function unmuteClicked(e: MouseEvent ) : void { // set volume to last used value setVolume ( intLastVolume ) ; // update scrubber and fill position / width mcVideoControls.mcVolumeScrubber.x = ( 53 * intLastVolume ) + 341 ; mcVideoControls.mcVolumeFill.mcFillRed.width = mcVideoControls.mcVolumeScrubber.x - 394 + 53 ; } function volumeScrubberClicked(e: MouseEvent ) : void { // set volume scrub flag to true bolVolumeScrub = true ; // start drag mcVideoControls.mcVolumeScrubber.startDrag(false , new Rectangle ( 341 , 19 , 53 , 0 ) ) ; } function progressScrubberClicked(e: MouseEvent ) : void { // set progress scrub flag to true bolProgressScrub = true ; // start drag mcVideoControls.mcProgressScrubber.startDrag(false , new Rectangle ( 0 , 2 , 432 , 0 ) ) ; } function mouseReleased (e: MouseEvent ) : void { // set progress / volume scrub to false bolVolumeScrub = false ; bolProgressScrub = false ; // stop all dragging actions mcVideoControls.mcProgressScrubber.stopDrag( ) ; mcVideoControls.mcVolumeScrubber.stopDrag( ) ; // update progress / volume fill mcVideoControls.mcProgressFill.mcFillRed.width = mcVideoControls.mcProgressScrubber.x + 5 ; mcVideoControls.mcVolumeFill.mcFillRed.width = mcVideoControls.mcVolumeScrubber.x - 394 + 53 ; // save the volume if it 's greater than zero if (( mcVideoControls.mcVolumeScrubber.x - 341 ) / 53 > 0 ) intLastVolume = ( mcVideoControls.mcVolumeScrubber.x - 341 ) / 53 ; } function updateDisplay ( e: TimerEvent ) : void { // checks , if user is scrubbing .
if so , seek in the video // if not , just update the position of the scrubber according // to the current time if ( bolProgressScrub ) nsStream.seek( Math.round(mcVideoControls.mcProgressScrubber.x * objInfo.duration / 432 ) ) else mcVideoControls.mcProgressScrubber.x = nsStream.time * 432 / objInfo.duration ; // set time and duration label mcVideoControls.lblTimeDuration.htmlText = " " + formatTime(nsStream.time ) + " / " + formatTime ( objInfo.duration ) ; // update the width from the progress bar .
the grey one displays // the loading progress mcVideoControls.mcProgressFill.mcFillRed.width = mcVideoControls.mcProgressScrubber.x + 5 ; mcVideoControls.mcProgressFill.mcFillGrey.width = nsStream.bytesLoaded * 438 / nsStream.bytesTotal ; // update volume and the red fill width when user is scrubbing if ( bolVolumeScrub ) { setVolume (( mcVideoControls.mcVolumeScrubber.x - 341 ) / 53 ) ; mcVideoControls.mcVolumeFill.mcFillRed.width = mcVideoControls.mcVolumeScrubber.x - 394 + 53 ; } } function on MetaData ( info : Object ) : void { // stores meta data in a object objInfo = info ; // now we can start the timer because // we have all the neccesary data tmrDisplay. start ( ) ; } function netStatusHandler ( event : NetStatusEvent ) : void { // handles net status events switch ( event.info.code ) { // trace a messeage when the stream is not found case " NetStream .
Play. StreamNotFound " : trace ( " Stream not found : " + strSource ) ; break ; // when the video reaches its end , we stop the player case " NetStream .
Play .
Stop " : stopVideoPlayer ( ) ; break ; } } function stopVideoPlayer ( ) : void { // pause netstream , set time position to zero nsStream. pause ( ) ; nsStream.seek(0 ) ; // in order to clear the display , we need to // set the visibility to false since the clear // function has a bug vidDisplay .
visible = false ; // switch play / pause button visibility mcVideoControls.btnPause.visible = false ; mcVideoControls.btnPlay.visible = true ; } function setVolume ( intVolume : Number = 0 ) : void { // create soundtransform object with the volume from // the parameter var sndTransform = new SoundTransform ( intVolume ) ; // assign object to netstream sound transform object nsStream.soundTransform = sndTransform ; // hides / shows mute and unmute button according to the // volume if ( intVolume >
0 ) { mcVideoControls.btnMute.visible = true ; mcVideoControls.btnUnmute.visible = false ; } else { mcVideoControls.btnMute.visible = false ; mcVideoControls.btnUnmute.visible = true ; } } function formatTime ( t:int ) : String { // returns the minutes and seconds with leading zeros // for example : 70 returns 01:10 var s:int = Math.round (t ) ; var m:int = 0 ; if ( s > 0 ) { while ( s > 59 ) { m++ ; s -= 60 ; } return String ( ( m < 10 ? " 0 " : " " ) + m + " : " + ( s < 10 ? " 0 " : " " ) + s ) ; } else { return " 00:00 " ; } } // ########################## // #############
INIT PLAYER // ########################## initVideoPlayer ( ) ;
Films in Development
Ender 's Game - Movie Update
Movie Update - February 25 , 2009
I have finished the latest ( and best ) revision of my Ender 's Game screenplay , which I have turned in to Odd Lot Entertainment as the first step in their option of the film .
We have assembled a team of producers who understand the story and I believe we have our best chance yet of getting a good movie made .
 Orson Scott Card
Movie Update - November 14 , 2008
The Warner Bros. option on Ender 's Game expired on November 2nd , 2008 .
Ender 's Game was immediately optioned by another funding and producing entity , and OSC is hard at work on polishing a draft of the screenplay .
Says OSC : " I am so optimistic that I believe the actor who will play Ender has not only been born - he 's already in school . "
This page last updated Wednesday , February 25 , 2009 at 04:29:39 PM
Somalia 's hardline al Shabaab insurgents cut a hand and a leg each off four teenagers on Thursday as punishment for robbery , the first such amputations by the rebels who follow a strict version of sharia law .
The teenagers were accused of stealing mobile phones and other belongings
Anzeige
Al Shabaab is seen as a proxy for al Qaeda in Somalia and includes foreign jihadists .
It has carried out executions , floggings and single - limb amputations before , mainly in the southern Somali port of Kismayu .
The insurgents are battling to oust the government of President Sheikh Sharif Ahmed , who is a moderate Islamist , and control most of southern Somalia and parts of the Horn of Africa nation 's capital .
" Their right hands and left legs have been cut off .
They are due to be taken away by ambulance now for treatment , “ Mohamed Noh , a resident who was watching the punishment told Reuters .
" They were screaming . “
Anzeige
" We have carried out this sentence under the Islamic religion and we will punish like this everyone who carries out these acts , “ al Shabaab official Sheikh Ali Mohamud Fidow told reporters .
International rights group Amnesty International had condemned the sentence imposed by an Islamic court in the Suqa Holaha area of the capital on Monday , saying the teenagers had no lawyer and were not allowed to appeal ..
Another witness , Abdi Hassan , said he vomited when he saw the amputations : " It was very terrifying to watch . “
Anzeige
Violence from the Islamist - led insurgency has worsened this month , with a minister , the Mogadishu police chief , and a legislator all killed .
The government , which controls little but a few parts of the capital , has declared a state of emergency .
With reports of foreign jihadists streaming into Somalia , western security services are frightened Osama bin Laden 's al Qaeda network may get a grip on the failed Horn of Africa state that has been without central government for 18 years .
Back to English News Homepage
Rover 's revenge : Furious driver dumps his £ 50,000 Range Rover outside showroom ... emblazoned with a list of its ' faults '
It is not the best advertisement to have outside your car dealership .
This Range Rover Sport HSE is convincingly decorated like a ‘ manager ’s special offer ’ , but it promotes a set of features that are far from appealing .
The owner has daubed it with a catalogue of the faults it allegedly suffered after he bought it for £ 50,000 at Lookers Land Rover showroom in Colchester , Essex .
Eye - catching :
The signs are inspired by dealership advertising but warn against buying
When the dealership failed to deal with his complaints to his satisfaction , he parked the negative advertising outside .
As the vehicle is on a public road , the showroom has no power to move it .
Staff refused to reveal the owner ’s identity .
Large yellow vinyl letters along one side of the car read :
‘ If you want trouble free motoring do not buy one of these !!!’
On the side and rear windows it lists : ‘ Problems with . . . 6 front ball joints , 4 front arm bushes , new seat base , front and rear n/s [ nearside ] struts , full n/s suspension unit , anti-roll bar bushes , air con . ’
Bad publicity :
The dealers cannot move the unflattering advert because it is parked in a public road
A passer - by said : ‘ It looks really realistic until you actually read what the words say .
Then it ’s obvious someone has put it there to have a dig at the dealership .
It ’s a brilliant idea . ’
Mark Foster of Jaguar Land Rover said : ‘ Land Rover operates a comprehensive warranty programme and a strong goodwill policy .
' All necessary repairs to this vehicle over 42,000 miles have been carried out under warranty .
This is pretty big news , guys .
Remember , the Massachusetts plan is the model they want to use for national reform - and already it 's beginning to crack under the economic strain .
This is what happens with " bipartisan , " market - friendly compromise : Band - aid solutions that can't handle a massive load .
And it 's exactly why we need single - payer universal healthcare : because it 's the only plan cheap enough to stay solvent through tough times .
Overseers of Massachusetts ’ trailblazing healthcare program made their first cuts yesterday , trimming $ 115 million , or 12 percent , from Commonwealth Care , which subsidizes premiums for needy residents and is the centerpiece of the 2006 law .
The board of the Connector Authority made the cuts as officials confronted two side effects of the recession : the state budget crisis and a surge in enrollment by the recently unemployed .
The largest share of the savings will come from slowing enrollment .
An estimated 18,000 poor residents who qualify for full subsidies , but who forget to designate a health plan , will no longer be automatically assigned a plan and enrolled and thus could face delays in getting care .
The board also eliminated dental coverage for the poorest residents enrolled in Commonwealth Care , roughly 92,000 people who currently are the only ones in the program who receive that care .
Regulators said that would save $ 10 million .
Dental coverage was retained in the budget approved by lawmakers last week , and now it falls to the governor to decide its fate .
Also hanging in the balance is the health insurance status of 28,000 legal immigrants whose Commonwealth Care coverage was dropped in the budget lawmakers approved for the fiscal year that begins July 1 .
Governor Deval Patrick has until Monday to decide whether to veto any of that budget , which set aside $ 116 million less for Commonwealth Care than he proposed .
View Transcript
Transcript
Dogbert the CEO Dogbert says , " My base pay will be one dollar per year .
The rest will be stock incentives . "
Dilbert says , " That guarantees you will reap obscene profits when the overall stock market improves , no matter what you do . "
Dogbert says , " Pretend you do n't know that . "
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A long , deep canyon and the remains of beaches are perhaps the clearest evidence yet of a standing lake on the surface of Mars -- one that apparently contained water when the planet was supposed to have already dried up , scientists said on Wednesday .
This is reconstructed landscape showing the Shalbatana lake on Mars as it may have looked roughly 3.4 billion years ago .
Data used in reconstruction are from NASA and the European Space Agency .
REUTERS / University of Colorado / G. Di Achille
Images from a camera called the High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment aboard the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter indicate water carved a 30 - mile - ( 50 - km -) long canyon , a team at the University of Colorado at Boulder reported .
It would have covered 80 square miles ( 200 sq km ) and been up to 1,500 feet deep , the researchers wrote in the journal Geophysical Research Letters .
There is now no dispute that water exists on the surface or Mars -- robot explorers have found ice .
There is also evidence that water may still seep to the surface from underground , although it quickly disappears in the cold , thin atmosphere of the red planet .
Planetary scientists have also seen what could be the shores of giant rivers and seas -- but some of the formations could also arguably have been made by dry landslides .
“ This is the first unambiguous evidence of shorelines on the surface of Mars , ” said Gaetano Di Achille , who led the study .
“ The identification of the shorelines and accompanying geological evidence allows us to calculate the size and volume of the lake , which appears to have formed about 3.4 billion years ago , ” Di Achille said in a statement .
Water is key to life and scientists are looking desperately for evidence of life , past or present , on Mars .
Having water on the planet could also be useful to future human explorers .
“ On Earth , deltas and lakes are excellent collectors and preservers of signs of past life , ” said Di Achille .
“ If life ever arose on Mars , deltas may be the key to unlocking Mars ’ biological past , ” Di Achille said .
“ Not only does this research prove there was a long - lived lake system on Mars , but we can see that the lake formed after the warm , wet period is thought to have dissipated , ” assistant professor Brian Hynek said .
The lake probably either evaporated or froze over after abrupt climate change , the researchers said .
Its waters would have turned into vapor .
No one knows what turned Mars from a warm , wet planet into the frozen , airless desert it is now .
June 11 , 2009 — Patrick Zimmerman
Recessionist Living : A Tiny Closet Becomes His Castle
We ’ve all heard the phrase , Home , Sweet Home .
Well now , there ’s Closet , Sweet Closet .
That ’s right , Sergio Santos ’ home in the resort town of Delray Beach , Florida , started out as just a closet .
But now , that closet ’s become his little 77 - square foot castle , a loft that ’s only five and a half - feet wide , by 14 - feet long .
“ I was really struggling to pay for the place I where used to live .
I decided to look for something cheap , ” said Sergio .
The rent here is $ 150 a month , and furnishing his pad with recycled materials cost him a whopping $ 64 .
Sergio ’s “ room ” is equipped with a small microwave oven , a mini-refrigerator and , upstairs , the loft bedroom .
“ I have just become very well - fitted here , ” he said .
The closet is part of a living space that sits above a restaurant , and he shares a community bathroom with other renters on the same property .
There was a time when Sergio questioned himself .
“ I really felt that I was n’t going to survive for too long here .
I really thought I was going to give up , ” he said .
But he did n’t give up and instead found some peaceful comfort in his humble surroundings .
So although his new home might be small in size , Sergio is thinking of the larger picture .
“ That it ’s all about saving ; it ’s about recycling ; it ’s about optimizing my time . ”
Yes indeed , Sergio ’s teeny - tiny closet has become his peacefully , comfortable little castle .
Recessionist Living : A Tiny Closet Becomes His Castle
Please Share
This :
The Dong-a Ilbo newspaper carried a similar report , saying the North is teaching its people a song lauding the son .
It cited unidentified ``sources . ''
The spy agency said it cannot confirm the reports .
The possible transfer of power comes at a tense time as the North escalates tensions in the region .
Pyongyang tested a nuclear device on May 25 and has fired several short - range missiles .
Media reports say that the North appears to be preparing a test launch of a long - range missile .
Most analysts have long believed Kim 's youngest son has the best chance of succeeding the authoritarian leader .
Little is known about him except that he studied at the International School of Berne in Switzerland .
Kim Jong
Il 's former sushi chef , Kenji Fujimoto , said in his memoir that the son looks and acts just like his father and is the leader 's favorite .
Neda Agha-Soltan was shot in the chest , witnesses say Amateur video apparently showing a young Iranian woman dying in Tehran after she was allegedly shot by pro-government militia on Saturday has caused outrage in Iran and abroad .
The woman , Neda Agha - Soltan , was buried on Sunday .
Her fiance , Caspian Makan , told BBC Persian TV about the circumstances of Neda 's death .
She was near the area , a few streets away , from where the main protests were taking place , near the Amir - Abad area .
She was with her music teacher , sitting in a car and stuck in traffic .
She was feeling very tired and very hot .
She got out of the car for just for a few minutes .
Grave spaces have reportedly been set aside for those killed in Tehran clashes
And that 's when it all happened .
That 's when she was shot dead .
Eyewitnesses and video footage of the shooting clearly show that probably Basij paramilitaries in civilian clothing deliberately targeted her .
Eyewitnesses said they clearly targeted her and she was shot in the chest .
She passed away within a few minutes .
People tried to take her to the nearest hospital , the Shariati hospital .
But it was too late .
We worked so hard to get the authorities to release her body .
She was taken to a morgue outside Tehran .
The officials from the morgue asked if they could use parts of her corpse for body transplants for medical patients .
They did n't specify what exactly they intended to do .
Her family agreed because they wanted to bury her as soon as possible .
We buried her in the Behesht - e - Zahra cemetery in southern Tehran .
They asked us to bury her in this section where it seemed the authorities had set aside spaces for graves for those killed during the violent clashes in Tehran last week .
On Monday afternoon , we had planned to hold a memorial service at the mosque .
But the authorities there and the paramilitary group , the Basij , would n't allow it because they were worried it would attract unwanted attention and they did n't want anymore trouble .
The authorities are aware that everybody in Iran and throughout the whole world knows about her story .
So that 's why they did n't want a memorial service .
They were afraid that lots people could turn up at the event .
So as things stand now , we are not allowed to hold any gatherings to remember Neda .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Lately , I have been reading Three Cups of Tea : One Man ’s Mission to Promote Peace … One School at a Time .
At a mere $ 8.95 from Powell ’s Books , I cannot recommend the book highly enough .
It ’s the story of a remarkably big - hearted and eccentric man who nearly died during his descent from K2 and stumbled into a remote Pakistani village that changed the entire course of his life .
He somewhat impulsively promised to build a school for the village in gratitude for their nursing him back to health .
He not only built them a school , he began building schools all over the northeast of Pakistan .
He focused on building schools that teach a secular curriculum and he emphasized educating girls .
Yet , he soon discovered that his efforts were being greatly outpaced by Saudi - funded school - building .
The Saudis poured millions of dollars into funding Wahhabi madrassas all throughout Pakistan , including in the remotest mountainous valleys along the border with Afghanistan .
The Saudi influence is really at the heart of the Taliban movement and of the current difficulties that the Pakistani government is having with radical insurgency .
Today , the government claims to have retaken the city of Mingora in the Swat Valley .
Swat Valley used to be a prime vacation spot for outdoorsmen , but now it is a battleground .
It did n’t have to be this way .
How did this happen ?
It happened because it was easier for the Pakistani government to let the Saudis fund their education budget than for them to do it themselves .
Slowly , but surely , the youth of northern Pakistan were radicalized and readied for martyrdom .
That might have worked for Pakistan as long as the young mujahideen could be sent to Kashmir or Afghanistan or Chechnya , but now they are being sent south towards the capital , Islamabad .
It is a bitter irony that the least modern , tolerant brand of Islam is controlled and exported by the nation that has both physical control of Mecca and Medina , and control of the largest oil reserves on the planet .
No single big - hearted , eccentric American ever stood a chance in a competition with the House of Saud for the hearts and minds of the impressionable youth of upland Pakistan .
The United States government probably knows that the real battle in the so - called war on terror is over who will provide the lion ’s share of education funding for Pakistan .
But , even though we can build six schools for the price of one drone - delivered missile , the schools can’t create one American job while the missile can sustain several .
I truly believe that there are simple solutions available to us that can lesson the threat of terrorism at a low cost , but our government does n’t seem interested .
Let ’s help Pakistan educate their youth .
Let ’s start with that .
Last week we talked about whether or not the Debian project would include Mono in its default GNOME installation .
This incited some heavy debate on OSNews , but sadly , the Mono debate also lead to some very nasty blog posts in the Debian community .
Time for damage control , Debian project leader Steve McIntyre must ’ve thought .
iTWire contacted McIntyre about the matter , and the project leader said that in the end , it ’s up to the people working in the area in question to make decisions like this .
“ The GNOME team are free to pick their own selection of applications that they think make the best GNOME desktop that will fit on a single CD , in much the same way the KDE make their own choices ( like staying with 3.5.x for Lenny ) , ” McIntyre explains , “ Josselin Mouette has updated the dependencies of the gnome2 meta - package , converting Recommends : tomboy into Depends : tomboy | gnote . ”
We already explained in our previous article the how and why behind this move .
Still , McIntyre also stated that the decision is still up for debate ; how exactly that fits into the GNOME team making their own decision – which has already been made by Josselin Mouette – is a bit vague to me , but I ’m assuming McIntyre has more insight into the Debian release process than I do .
McIntyre ’s own view upon
Mono is n’t exactly favourable , but not more or less so than when it comes to C++ or Python .
“ I ’m personally no fan of Mono , but equally I ’m not a great lover of C++ or Python either ; I ’m certainly not about to suggest that we drop any of them right now , ” he told iTWire , “ There is some fear in the community about possible software patent attacks , but that has n’t stopped us packaging and shipping other software in the past .
If a real problem arises , we ’ll deal with at that point .
That has been our policy for quite a while now . ”
He added that he regrets the tone of the blog posts in this discussion .
“ It seems that some of our developers are more interested in ranting and raving in their blogs than having a rational , productive discussion on the mailing lists .
That ’s not helping anyone . ”
Anzeige
Die Vereine im amtlichen Sündenregister tragen Namen , die großes Mitgefühl erwecken : „ St. Martin e.V. “ aus dem rheinland - pfälzischen Koblenz , „ Herz für Kinder e.V. “ aus dem hessischen Darmstadt , „ Tierheimhilfe e.V. “ aus dem bayrischen Wessiszell , „ Kinderhilfe e.V. “ aus Rüsselsheim .
Es sind gemeinnützige Vereine , doch an deren mildtätigen Absichten hegte die Aufsichts - und Dienstleistungsdirektion ( ADD ) des Landes Rheinland - Pfalz in Trier berechtigte Zweifel .
Gegen diese und eine Reihe weiterer Vereine verhängte die Landesbehörde in den vergangenen Jahren Sammlungsverbote für Spenden .
Es sei nicht gewährleistet , dass die Erlöse ausreichend für karitative Zwecke verwendet würden , heißt es in Presseerklärungen der Behörde .
Die ADD ist , wie ein Mitarbeiter sagt , „ schwarzen Schafen “ im Spendenwesen auf der Spur .
Sie überwacht das Sammlungsgesetz des Landes und schreitet ein , sobald Hinweise aus der Bevölkerung eintreffen .
Die Mitarbeiter der ADD wussten lange vor dem Unicef - Skandal , dass im deutschen Spendenwesen mit seinen Millionenbeträgen auch so einiger Schindluder getrieben wird .
Wer die schwarze Liste der emsigen Aufsichtsbehörde überfliegt , der sieht den Glauben an das Gute im Gutmenschen erschüttert .
Anzeige
Vor rund zwei Jahren geriet der nordrhein - westfälische Landesverband der „ Deutschen Kinderhilfe Direkt “ ins Visier der ADD .
Die Behörde überprüfte 2006 /2007 nach Beschwerden über Werbeaktionen Unterlagen des Vereins .
Nach Ansicht der ADD war nicht hinreichend klar , ob die Spenden des Landesverbandes satzungsgemäß für das Wohl benachteiligter und Not leidender Kinder verwendet werden .
Flucht vor einem Sammlungsverbot in Rheinland - Pfalz
Bevor ein Sammlungsverbot in Betracht gezogen wurde , zog sich der Landesverband freiwillig aus Rheinland - Pfalz zurück .
Auch seine Gemeinnützigkeit gab er auf .
Der Landesverband macht seitdem auf privatwirtschaftlicher Basis Öffentlichkeitsarbeit .
Von dessen Arbeit profitiert indes auch der als gemeinnützig anerkannte Bundesverband .
Dieser heikle Vorfall in Rheinland - Pfalz blieb weitgehend unbeachtet und gehört zu vielen Ungereimtheiten bei der Deutschen Kinderhilfe Direkt , die sich nur noch „ Deutsche Kinderhilfe “ ( DKH ) nennt und nach eigenen Angaben aus acht aktiven Mitgliedern und rund 25.000 nicht stimmberechtigten Fördermitgliedern besteht .
Auf der Homepage des Vereins sind vier Landesverbände angegeben : Berlin , Nordrhein - Westfalen , Bayern , Niedersachsen .
Vor kurzem wurde eine Sektion in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern gegründet .
Es gab auch einen Landesverband in Hamburg , doch der hat trotz erfolgreichen Spendensammelns seine Arbeit wieder eingestellt .
Anzeige
Wie WELT ONLINE berichtete , war die Deutsche Kinderhilfe mit ihrem geschäftsführenden Vorsitzenden Georg Ehrmann bei Behörden und Dachverbänden wohltätiger Organisationen bereits in mehrfacher Hinsicht auffällig geworden : Nach unterschiedlichen Einschätzungen bestanden Unklarheiten bei Finanzstrukturen , bei der satzungsgemäßen Verwendung von Spendengeldern und beim Datenschutz .
Der Verein kam zudem wegen hoher Personalkosten und Problemen mit Jahresabschlüssen ins Gerede .
Der Landesverband gab für 2006 einen Gesamterlös von 2,66 Millionen Euro an , und der Bundesverband nennt für 2007 Fördermittel in Höhe von rund einer Million Euro .
„ Schädigendes Verhalten “ des nordrhein - westfälischen Landesverbandes
Die Intervention der rheinland - pfälzischen ADD war so gravierend , dass gemäß einem vorliegenden Protokoll einer außerordentlichen Mitgliederversammlung des Landesverbandes im April 2007 die Existenz gefährdet schien .
Obendrein bestätigte eine Stellungnahme des Landesverbandes „ voll inhaltlich die Vorwürfe vereinsschädigenden und gemeinnützigkeitsschädigenden Verhaltens in der Vergangenheit “ , wie dies in einer Mitgliederversammlung des Bundesverbandes im Juni vergangenen Jahres protokolliert wurde .
Georg Ehrmann , damals noch Bundes - und Landesvorsitzender , gab den NRW - Vorsitz ab .
Er wurde trotz der immensen Probleme förmlich entlastet .
Die Gemeinnützigkeit der NRW - Sektion wurde aufgegeben .
Anzeige
Es geht aus dem Versammlungsprotokoll allerdings nicht hervor , wie weit dieses „ vereinsschädigende und gemeinnützigkeitsschädigende Verhalten “ in die Vergangenheit zurückreicht , und warum es dem damals gleichzeitigen Landes - und Bundesvorsitzenden Ehrmann erst nach dem Einschreiten der rheinland - pfälzischen ADD klar wurde .
Vereinskonstrukt seit der Gründung als „ Geschäftsmodell “ angelegt ?
Mehrere Spendenexperten und Vereinsrechtler schlagen nach den intensiven Recherchen von WELT ONLINE Alarm .
„ Es hat die Anmutung , dass die Konstruktion von Anfang an als Geschäftsmodell angelegt war .
Die Gemeinnützigkeit der Deutschen Kinderhilfe insgesamt wird in Frage gestellt “ , sagte der Spendenexperte des Deutschen Fundraising Verbandes , Christoph Müllerleile , auf Anfrage .
Es handele sich um „ ein selbst versorgendes System , das den Anspruch erhebt , Lobby für schutzbedürftige Kinder zu sein “ .
In einem Schreiben an die Deutsche Kinderhilfe – vom Verein auf der eigenen Homepage publiziert – beklagt Müllerleile obendrein eine „ Verschleierung der tatsächlichen Kostenstruktur innerhalb des Verein - Unternehmensverbundes “ .
Ähnlich kommentierte der erfahrene Vereinsrechtler Roland P. Weber aus München die Vorgänge : Er könne sagen , „ dass nach meinem Eindruck die äußeren Umstände ( ... ) darauf schließen lassen , dass das Gewinnstreben bei den Beteiligten ( Verein , GmbHs ) im Vordergrund steht .
Hier liegt die Vermutung nahe , dass der Verein Deutsche Kinderhilfe e. V. unter anderem deshalb gegründet wurde , um einer nicht gemeinnützigen Körperschaft (...) Profite zu verschaffen “ .
Weber verwies zur Klärung auf eine wichtige behördliche Instanz : „ Ob ein Verein durch seine Geschäftsführung seine Gemeinnützigkeit gefährdet , prüft und entscheidet das zuständige Finanzamt für Körperschaften . “
Hier geht es zum zweiten Teil der WELT - ONLINE - Recherchen zur Deutschen Kinderhilfe
First Massachusetts gave ‘em welfare , then they gave ‘em food stamps , then they gave them free cell phones through Safelink Wireless , then they gave ‘em free cars .
And now , they ’re spending $ 2,000,000 per month to house the homeless in motels .
WPRI reports :
A record number of families are being put up in motels in Massachusetts .
High unemployment and the rising number of home foreclosures is the reason the state is taking this action .
Housing Massachusetts ’ homeless is costing tax payers around $ 2 million per month .
It costs an average of $ 85 per night to have families , including nearly 1000 children , stay in motels .
The Interagency Council on Housing and Homelessness admits that the use of motels for the homeless is not ideal , but is the best that can be done at this time .
Homeless advocates are worried that families are not getting the support of shelters with living rooms , kitchens , and play areas .
I gave a talk at London Ruby User Group yesterday , based on the work I ’ve been doing on Heist , my Scheme interpreter project .
I wrote the core of a basic Scheme interpreter in about 15 minutes as a live - coded demo ( well , kind of – the coding was pre-recorded so I could focus on talking ) , which seemed to go down pretty well .
If you missed it ( or if you were there and want to watch it again in slow motion ) , here ’s the slides and the video ( just code , no narrative ( sorry ) ) .
( Side note : I think Lisp may be affecting my writing style . )
The slides first : lrug - scheme - 15.zip .
They are S5 - format HTML , introducing the Scheme language features I implement during the talk .
The video shown below is available at higher resolution from Vimeo .
Scheme interpreter in 15 minutes from James Coglan on Vimeo .
Video is also available from Skills Matter if you want the narrative .
The code ’s not really visible in this version so combine the audio from this with the above video and you should just about piece things together .
Some relevant links :
Heist is my main Scheme interpreter project .
It has macros , tail recursion , continuations , and a reasonable chunk of the R 5 RS spec and its REPL auto - indents your code .
It ’s about 1000 lines of well - commented Ruby with a few hundred lines of Scheme , including macros for most of the syntax .
RS spec and its REPL auto - indents your code .
It ’s about 1000 lines of well - commented Ruby with a few hundred lines of Scheme , including macros for most of the syntax .
Stickup is a tiny interpreter for a small subset of Scheme , about 150 lines long .
Closer to what I present in the talk , and easier to get your teeth into .
Treetop is what I use to generate parsers , it ’s super - simple to use and lets you write a parser in no time at all .
Thanks to everyone who came along and had nice things to say about the talks , especially to whoever was telling me about about the trie data structure ;
Heist ’s tab - completion code is now much prettier .
Crowds of people are often seen as bad for public order .
But they have ways of policing themselves that the police might do well to understand
Eyevine
ACCORDING to a much - reported survey carried out in 2002 , Britain then had 4.3 m closed - circuit television ( CCTV ) cameras — one for every 14 people in the country .
That figure has since been questioned , but few doubt that Britons are closely scrutinised when they walk the streets .
This scrutiny is supposed to deter and detect crime .
Even the government 's statistics , though , suggest that the cameras have done little to reduce the worst sort of criminal activity , violence .
That may , however , be about to change , and in an unexpected way .
It is not that the cameras and their operators will become any more effective .
Rather , they have accidentally gathered a huge body of data on how people behave , and particularly on how they behave in situations where violence is in the air .
This means that hypotheses about violent behaviour which could not be tested experimentally for practical or ethical reasons , can now be examined in a scientific way .
And it is that which may help violence to be controlled .
One researcher who is interested in this approach is Mark Levine , a social psychologist at Lancaster University in Britain who studies crowds .
Crowds have a bad press .
They have been blamed for antisocial behaviour through mechanisms that include peer pressure , mass hysteria and the diffusion of responsibility — the idea that “ someone else will do something , so I do n't have to ” .
But Dr Levine thinks that crowds can also diffuse potentially violent situations and that crime would be much higher if it were not for crowds .
As he told a symposium called “ Understanding Violence ” , which was organised by the Ecole Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne in Switzerland earlier this month , he has been using CCTV data to examine the bystander effect , an alleged phenomenon whereby people who would help a stranger in distress if they were alone , fail to do so in the presence of others .
His conclusion is that it ai n't so .
In fact , he thinks , having a crowd around often makes things better .
Crowd control
The dynamics of crowd behaviour are hard to study , not least because people are not reliable witnesses of their own behaviour .
But Dr Levine persuaded the authorities in one British city to allow him to look at their CCTV footage of alcohol - fuelled conflict in public places , suitably anonymised to comply with privacy and data - protection laws .
He analysed 42 clips of incidents that operators in a control room had judged had the potential to turn violent , though only 30 of them actually did so .
He recorded gestures he labelled either “ escalating ” , such as pointing and prodding , or “ de- escalating ” , such as conciliatory open - handedness .
His first observation was that bystanders frequently intervene in incipient fights .
The number of escalating gestures did not rise significantly as the size of the group increased , contrary to what the bystander effect would predict .
Instead , it was the number of de-escalating gestures that grew .
A bigger crowd , in other words , was more likely to suppress a fight .
Some incidents did end in violence , of course .
To try to work out why , Dr Levine and his colleagues constructed probability trees to help them calculate the likelihood that a violent incident such as a punch being thrown would occur with each successive intervention by a bystander .
Using these trees , they were generally able to identify a flashpoint at which the crowd determined which way the fight would go .
Judging the fight to begin with the aggressor 's first pointing gesture towards his target , the researchers found that the first intervention usually involved a bystander trying to calm the protagonist down .
Next , another would advise the target not to respond .
If a third intervention reinforced crowd solidarity , sending the same peaceful message , then a violent outcome became unlikely .
But if it did not — if the third bystander vocally took sides , say — then violence was much more likely .
Dr Levine talks of a “ collective choreography ” of violence , in which the crowd determines the outcome as much as the protagonist and the target do , and he is now taking his ideas into the laboratory .
In collaboration with Mel Slater , a computer scientist at University College , London , he is looking at the responses of bystanders to violence recreated in virtual reality .
Dr Slater has pioneered this approach , since people seem to react to virtual reality as they do to real life , but no one gets hurt and conditions can be controlled precisely .
Because the participants know it is not real , many of the ethical obstacles to placing them in such situations are removed .
But Dr Slater proved the tool 's usefulness in 2006 , when he used it to recreate a famous experiment conducted in the 1960s by Stanley Milgram , an American psychologist .
Milgram showed that ordinary people would obey orders to the point of delivering potentially lethal electric shocks to strangers — an experiment that , even though nobody really received any shocks , would be ruled out today , on ethical grounds .
Dr Slater 's volunteers behaved similarly to Milgram's .
Virtual reality may thus allow Dr Levine to understand the collective choreography of violence better than he does now , but he is already convinced that , despite the moral panic over violence in Britain today , the influence of groups is largely benign .
His work could have practical consequences , since police generally aim to break crowds up .
If he is right , that approach may unintentionally lead to more fights .
It sounds counter - intuitive , but many of the best ideas are .
And if it is true , then perhaps Big Brother could give up the CCTV habit and go and do something more useful instead .
Better Than Ice Cream , Vol. 30 by Wes Keyes
OK , this might get a little confusing , so hang on … Spencer Krug formed Frog Eyes with roommate Carey Mercer and released multiple albums together .
After moving to Montreal from Victoria , Spencer formed Wolf Parade with Dan Boeckner .
The Duo was later joined by Dante DeCaro of Hot Hot Heat .
After Spencers move , Carey formed little known Blackout Beach but Frog Eyes still performs with and without Spencer .
While a member of Wolf Parade , Spencer had various side projects , including instrumental trio Fifths of Seven and the group Sunset Rubdown .
Sunset started as a solo act but has became a functional group .
Now , back to Wolf Parade for a second .
Guitarist Dan Boeckner formed Handsome Furs with his fiance Alexei Perry , but still tours with WP .
Boeckner also played on Islands debut album .
See my earlier post about Islands and Human Highway .
To further complicate things , Carey Mercer and Spencer Krug joined up with Dan Bejar to form Swan Lake .
Dan is a member of The New Pornographers , and records some semi-solo material under the moniker Destroyer .
I do n’t know how in the hell any of these guys can remeber which group they ’re playing / touring with at any given moment .
Pick a group !
or dissolve them all and create a Canadian indie rock orchestra and put out an album .
That was only a joke , but could be pretty cool …
Either way , they all put out great music .
There are a few tracks below , but every album is worth a listen .
F-ing Canadians !!!
Swan Lake – Settle on Your Skin
Sunset Rubdown – Nightingale / December Song
Destroyer – Dark Leaves Form a Thread
Handsome Furs – Thy Will Be Done
Bonnie Malkin
Telegraph
June 10 , 2009
The WHO has so far left its six - level pandemic alert scale unchanged at phase five , signalling that a pandemic is “ imminent . ”
But a swift increase in cases in the southeastern Australian state of Victoria could prompt the organisation to declare its first pandemic in four decades .
[ efoods ]
The country has recorded 1,211 infections , with 1,011 in Victoria , the fourth highest number of infections in the world .
Less than a month ago Australia had only a handful of cases of the H1N1 virus but its spread has been rapid .
“ We are getting very , very close , ” said Keiji Fukuda , WHO assistant director - general , noting that in Australia , there was now “ a great deal of activity in Victoria at the community level . ”
Under the WHO ’s guidelines , one key criteria for declaring a pandemic would be established community spread in a country outside the first region in which the disease was initially reported , in this case , outside the Americas .
The UN health agency ’s guidelines had initially focused on the geographical criteria to justify a phase change .
However , member states have called on the agency to take other elements , such as severity of the disease into account .
Read entire article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Republican strategists have taken to examining " Sam's Club Voters " like an anthropology project .
Instead , they might try to gain a few insights from King of the Hill , the Fox animated series by Mike Judge ( Office Space ) and Greg Daniels ( The Simpsons , The Office ) .
They would n't have to be home when the show airs , or even record Hill on their TiVos : Many episodes , and clips thereof , are viewable on the Internet through Hulu and Adult Swim .
For 13 stellar seasons , Hank Hill has exemplified the working stiff 's discomfort with new - age parenting , politically correct education , and liberal social values .
The show is not only one of the greatest sitcoms ever — it made Time magazine 's 100 Greatest TV Shows list — but also the most meaningfully conservative television show of its generation .
Unfortunately , the Hank Hill era may be about to end :
Fox has canceled the show , and is now running the last episodes .
People who do n't watch King of the Hill tend to assume it's another mockery of Middle America , unique only in that it pokes fun at suburban Texas rednecks instead of rubes in some other region .
But that 's not the case , and it's not unusual for criticisms of Judge to come from misconceptions :
When fundamentalist preachers railed against the corrosive nature of MTV on the younger generation , they often held up Judge 's Beavis and Butt - Head as a primary exhibit , not realizing that the crudely produced cartoon was a withering critique of both its network and teenagers who watched it .
Judge does occasionally poke fun at straight - arrow , old - fashioned propane salesman Hank Hill — whose voice first appeared as that of Mr. Anderson , the disapproving old man in Beavis and Butt - Head — but gently .
Hank loves his wife , Peggy , a substitute school teacher bursting with self - esteem ; his chubby , less - than - macho son , Bobby ; his hound dog , Ladybird ; his deeply flawed neighbors ( who are buddies from high school ) ; legendary Dallas Cowboys coach Tom Landry ; and Ronald Reagan .
That Hank expresses his affection out loud only for the last two is something the show continuously mines for laughs .
" If you were n't my son , I 'd hug you , " Hank says to Bobby in a particularly proud moment .
The show 's main targets , however , have always been the liberals and Left Coast types who hold people like Hank in contempt .
In a typically sharp episode , " Lucky See , Monkey Do , " Hank and Peggy must cope with a pushy in - law of their niece and former charge , Luanne .
This imposter is determined to " save " Luanne 's baby from Peggy 's old - fashioned parenting methods .
This episode reflects just one of King 's recurring themes .
The show is a surprisingly complex sitcom , and even the most extreme characters are very human .
And several times each season , King of the Hill devotes an entire episode to a politically pointed topic .
Politics of the Hill
The series had me at hello with its pilot episode in 1997 , in which Hank confronts a social worker he dubs " Twig Boy , " a Los Angeles transplant who is sure every Texas redneck must beat his kids .
When Bobby sports a black eye from a stray baseball , Twig Boy launches an investigation .
Not only does this episode illustrate the problem of the bureaucrat with too much power , it shows what happens when children have too much power .
In Season 2's " Junkie Business , " Twig Boy shows up at Strickland Propane , under the auspices of the Americans with Disabilities Act , to defend a junkie Hank has fired for being high on the job .
Soon every employee comes down with something like Too Angry to Work Today Syndrome .
In Season 4 's " Flush with Power , " a drought has led to water rationing .
Hank is talked into trying low - flush toilets ; supposedly , this will save him water he can use to moisten his precious lawn .
Because the toilet is so weak , however , he has to flush multiple times — and this actually increases his usage .
He has to fight city hall to get a practical toilet back in his home , and finds out that such laws often benefit those who pass them in unreported ways .
Season 5 brought " It 's Not Easy Being Green , " in which Hank is peeved at Bobby 's new history teacher , a " noodle - brained Communist " ( voiced by Paul Giamatti ) .
The teacher has kids give their parents tickets for environmental crimes — and summon them before the class 's rather Maoist Environmental Court .
Hank joins the cause of saving the " itchy algae " in the local quarry , however , when it turns out that draining the quarry will reveal a youthful indiscretion .
When it comes to characters who join the environmental movement for their own purposes , nothing beats the current season 's second episode , " Earthy Girls Are Easy . "
When Hank tries to rehabilitate his company 's image by " going green , " it leads to a carbon - offsets scam — and he finds out that green consumers do n't really care , so long as they can pretend to benefit the environment .
Hank also clashes with political correctness while trying to instill as much manhood in his son as possible ; episodes cover everything from Scouting to genuine achievement to how Bobby handles the school bully .
In Season 4 's " Little Horrors of Shop , " Hank takes over the shop class — he runs afoul of the school 's zero - tolerance policy by using sharp objects , and of jealous teachers by actually teaching something .
King of the Hill also presents race relations with more candor than its competitors ever would : Minority characters do not serve merely to illuminate the foibles of White Guy Hank .
From school diversity class to racial humor only cutting one way , King mocks white guilt and political correctness at every turn .
In fact , the show 's least sympathetic character is Hank 's neighbor , Khan , a Laotian immigrant who has contempt for his " redneck " neighbors .
Khan views everyone and everything — including his sweet , intelligent daughter — as a step on the social ladder .
Peggy tells
Hank he is not allowed to point out such things about Khan , however , which Hank cannot understand : " What the hell kind of country is this where I can only hate a man if he 's white ? "
Season 5's " Spin the Choice " has American Indian John Redcorn , a new - age healer and masseur to local ladies , speaking before a junior - high audience about why Thanksgiving is a time of sorrow .
Redcorn aims his arguments at a boy who is unaware he 's John 's illegitimate son , but instead reaches the heart of Bobby Hill , who is stricken with guilt at being white .
Bobby 's " Thanks - taking " demonstration at the Hill family Thanksgiving gathering yields an unexpected result , however .
Even hate - crime hysteria has been lampooned .
In Season 3's " Revenge of the Lutefisk , " Hank 's Methodist church burns to the ground after a liberal woman from Minnesota is installed as pastor .
A media circus ensues with rallies against hate until it is discovered that bathroom fumes actually caused the fire .
Canceled Without a Cause
King of the Hill , unlike The Simpsons , has not suffered a creative decline , nor have its ratings plunged .
Fox 's official statement attributes the decision to nothing more than a desire to " freshen up " its " Animation Domination " Sunday - night schedule .
The " solution " ?
In the course of 2009 , Fox will add two shows to Animation Domination .
One is called Sit Down , Shut Up .
The other is a spinoff of the foul - mouthed Family Guy , whose creator , Seth MacFarlane , already has a second Animation Domination show , American Dad .
So Fox Sunday nights will rise from 50 to 60 percent MacFarlane .
Right , how fresh .
It 's been a long time since King was a ratings champ , but viewership is still solid and comparable to the rest of the Fox Sunday lineup .
The show has beaten the odds , in fact :
It was frequently the victim of Fox 's Sunday football schedule , so first - run episodes sometimes were pre-empted or aired only in part .
Despite my diligence , there were some I never saw until the DVD release .
King was even on the cancellation block once before , but it was saved by the ratings bump that followed the announcement .
Perhaps even more intriguing , however , is the fact that Judge is creating a series for ABC that could be called the flip side of King .
Judge 's animated The Goode Family follows the misadventures of an ultra-liberal vegan family that tries too hard to be politically correct in all things , particularly the environmental ( even their dog is not allowed to eat meat products ) .
Historically , animated shows have performed better when paired .
A late ratings rally for King might make ABC consider that strategy — especially since King regularly outperforms ABC's Life on Mars , Homeland Security USA , and Wife Swap by considerable margins .
It even draws more viewers than the venerable 20/20 .
However , the real reason to watch King of the Hill on Sunday nights is the same as it's always been :
It 's a really good show .
While I do n't want to go back to the days when three TV networks battled for about 90 percent of the viewing audience , there is something to be said for the shared common experience of , say , a Mary Tyler Moore Show farewell episode .
It would seem that a fourteen - season show deserves that kind of sendoff .
Though if there 's one thing we can be sure of , it 's that King of the Hill will not end with a group hug .
Not if Hank has anything to say about it .
The Times ( South Africa )
June 28 , 2009 Culture a lame excuse for outdated initiation methods that kill our youth Mondli Makhanya
For this annual march of death to stop , this matter has to be elevated to the national agenda
The definition of murder is to intentionally cause the death of another person .
Culpable homicide , on the other hand , is to cause the death of another person through negligence or neglect .
Those are the definitions that our learned friends use to describe these heinous things we humans do to each other .
Whether it is murder or culpable homicide , killing happens .
And when people get killed like this there are supposed to be consequences .
The person or people responsible for the deaths of others should be charged with murder or culpable homicide and be punished accordingly .
Well , that is how it is supposed to happen .
Especially when , on the face of it , the case is open and shut .
Not so when it comes to the lives of poor peasants in the Eastern Cape , Limpopo and other parts of the country .
Their lives , if the events of past years are anything to go by , are worth very little .
The cheapness of their lives was very evident this week when it was revealed that the death toll for this winter ’s circumcision season in the Eastern Cape had risen to 11 .
That means 11 young lives were cruelly cut short in the name of culture and tradition .
These 11 young men were killed during what is essentially the very backward practice of slicing off the foreskins of young men in an unhygienic manner and making them live in conditions that make them susceptible to life - threatening infections .
When these conditions and the cruel procedures result in death , or when initiates have to amputate their infected sexual organs , the defenders of these practices feign surprise .
Before I get lynched by cultural fundamentalists , let me clarify that it is not the practice of initiation that is backward .
Our constitution protects the cultures of our land and our common sensibilities dictate that we should promote this diversity .
The rituals that accompany the transition to adulthood form an essential part of all cultures and should be celebrated .
However , it is the insistence that this transition be accomplished using methods from two centuries ago and that initiates be put through cruel drills that riles one .
This cruelty , which is supposed to make men out of boys , has been blamed for many of the initiation - related deaths .
To its credit , the Eastern Cape government has been waging a tireless battle to modernise the practice but has had little more than cursory support from other institutions .
The government of that province , where most of these deaths occur , has passed a law regulating the practice , established a certification system for circumcision schools , set up task teams to police them , raided the premises and arrested those who run non-accredited schools .
They have encountered the resistance of feudal lords who run the Eastern Cape , the indifference of the national authorities and the lethargy of a police force that could n’t care less .
Many izingcibi , the traditional doctors who run these schools , simply refuse to be certified — arguing culture and tradition cannot be regulated by secular laws .
They have stated that the conditions and the cruelty meted out to the boys are necessary for their growth as men .
For this annual march of death to stop , this matter has to be elevated to the national agenda .
We all have to ask ourselves how we would react were these middle - class suburban kids who went to the school around the corner and shared the hobbies and habits of our own children .
We have to see them as more than inanimate rural beings .
Organisations such as the ANC Youth League and the youth formations of other political parties have to join the fight against this practice .
In taking up young people ’s issues , they have to prioritise putting an end to this killing of young boys under the guise of culture .
The Congress of Traditional Leaders of South Africa , which carries a lot of clout in rural communities , must do more than issue mealy - mouthed statements condemning law - breaking izingcibi as they normally do following initiation - related deaths .
They have to realise that more than anyone else , they have the ability to influence communities to police illegal initiation practices .
But for some reason they are coy about being at the forefront of this battle and some of their members are very resistant to government intervention .
Another person who has her work cut out is Noluthando Mayende - Sibiya , the newly appointed minister of women , youth , children and the disabled .
She has a responsibility towards the young people who are and who will be affected by this practice .
But the most important weapon in this battle has to be the law .
Endangering the lives of people is a crime which must be prosecuted .
There have to be high - profile prosecutions that will send a message to other potential murderers that in this republic the law is supreme and supersedes culture , religion and ideology .
The last word on the matter must go to Eastern Cape health department official Sizwe Kupelo , who told the South African Press Association this week : “ It ’s high time that everybody stands up to put a stop to this .
If communities did speak out against the barbaric individuals who are killing these boys , this would stop . ”
Gary Brolsma is one of the most famous kids on the Internet .
Brolsma posted a video of himself dancing to the song “ Dragostea din tei ” by a group called O - Zone on Newgrounds.com .
In less than three months , the video was seen over 2 million times .
In the original Numa Numa dance , Brolsma was awarded $ 45,000 .
In the video , Brolsma was wearing headphones , lip syncing , and throwing his arms in the air .
Since 2004 , the video has generated over 18 million times .
The Numa Numa dance song is now a part of pop culture .
Rap artist T.I. used the Numa Numa song for his song “ Live Your Life ” that features Rihanna .
Now Brolsma is back in the spotlight as Geico has decided to use him for a commercial .
In this commercial , Brolsma is dancing the same goofy dance and wearing headphones to Rockwell ’s “ Somebody ’s Watching Me . ”
In the background , the Geico gecko mascot is dancing along .
This video was put together by The Martin Agency .
The parody will be placed on several video hosting websites such as YouTube , MetaCafe , DailyMotion etc .
Below is the video :
[ via BI ]
[ Haskell ] ANNOUNCE : DrHylo 0.0.1
Dear Haskelleers , Alcino Cunha and me are pleased to announce the release of the DrHylo tool in Hackage : http://hackage.haskell.org/cgi-bin/hackage-scripts/package/DrHylo
DrHylo is a tool for deriving hylomorphisms from a restricted Haskell syntax .
It is based on the algorithm first presented in the paper Deriving Structural Hylomorphisms From Recursive Definitions at ICFP '96 by Hu , Iwasaki , and Takeichi .
The generated code can be run with Pointless Haskell (< http://hackage.haskell.org/cgi-bin/hackage-scripts/package/pointless-haskell>), allowing the visualization of the recursion trees of Haskell functions .
For more information , jsut follow : http://haskell.di.uminho.pt/wiki/DrHylo
Any feedback is welcome .
Cheers , hugo -- www.di.uminho.pt/~hpacheco
-------------- next part
--------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed ...
URL : http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/haskell/attachments/20081206/954137d2/attachment.htm
If you buy items on the Web , there 's a good chance you 've seen a popup screen after making a purchase that offers you a cash back reward on future purchases .
" Cash back !
On future purchases !
Awesome ! " you think , clicking the " yes " button and entering an e-mail address .
" After all , companies can't sign me up for any kind of mysterious recurring charges with an e-mail address , right ? "
Wrong — thousands of people have seen charges of $ 9 - 12 show up on credit cards every month after clicking on such links .
That 's because they have actually enrolled in a Web loyalty program , in many cases without knowing it .
Companies like Webloyalty have affiliations with merchants — big names like Orbitz , Petco , Fandango , Priceline , and FTD .
When customers sign up for their " cash back " offer , Webloyalty simply gets the billing information from the merchant .
Problem solved — except for consumers .
Papers , please
Congress wants to know what 's going on .
Jay Rockefeller ( D - WV ) chairs the Senate Commerce Committee , and he has just demanded that companies like Webloyalty and Vertrue explain themselves to his committee .
In a sternly - worded letter to Webloyalty 's chief exec , Rockefeller said that the company has " engaged in business and marketing practices on the Internet that generate a high volume of consumer complaints ...
Consumers regularly complain that your company charges their credit card or debit card on a monthly basis for services they are not aware they have purchased . "
The committee wants a huge cache of documents by June 17 , including everything " related to internal discussions regarding Internet consumers accidentally or unknowingly signing up for an online membership service or discount club ... including Webloyalty 's efforts to minimize this problem . "
The Better Business Bureau of Connecticut ( where Webloyalty is based ) gives the company a C + when it comes to dealing with consumer complaints and says that Webloyalty has racked up 1,839 complaints in the last 36 months .
Ars requested comment from Webloyalty on Rockefeller 's investigation but received no response by publication time .
The company 's website maintains that its loyalty programs " all provide significant value " to consumers .
Why would companies like Orbitz partner with such companies ?
Money .
As Vertrue ( which operates programs much like Webloyalty 's ) put it in some online marketing materials , " Your company receives a handsome commission , and your customers are motivated through the $ 10 cash back premium to return to your website for additional purchases . "
Not that customers think this is a great deal ; the Better Business Bureau gives Vertrue an " F " rating and says that it has processed 2,560 complaints about the company in the previous 36 months .
The power of tough questions
It 's always heartening to see the government asking tough questions about such operations ; Congressional hearings on NebuAd were themselves enough to shutter the company 's US operations , while the Federal Trade Commission made itself spectacularly useful last week by attacking the biggest " extended warranty " telemarketers .
The obvious problem , of course , is that there are far more schemes to investigate than the combined forces of the FTC and the Senate Commerce Committee can handle .
If anyone in government does have a bit of free time , though , might I suggest another round of cramming investigations ?
DETROIT ( Reuters ) - General Electric Co Chief Executive Jeff Immelt said on Friday the United States needs to refocus its economy on manufacturing and exporting if it wishes to recover from a brutal recession .
General Electric Company Chairman and CEO Jeffrey Immelt answers a question during a news conference prior to the opening of GE China Technology Center in Shanghai October 23 , 2003 .
REUTERS / Claro Cortes IV
The world ’s largest economy can no longer count on consumer spending to drive demand , nor can it rely on Wall Street financial wizardry if it wants its population to continue to enjoy a high standard of living , the head of the largest U.S. conglomerate said .
“ We should clear away any arrogance , false assumptions , or a sense that things will be ‘ OK ’ just because we are America , ” Immelt told the Detroit Economic Club .
“ Our competitive edge has slipped away and this has hit the middle class hard . ”
The U.S. should work to have manufacturing represent about 20 percent of employment , more than double its current level , he said .
The world ’s biggest maker of jet engines and electricity - producing turbines said on Friday it would be building a new manufacturing research center outside Detroit that will employ 1,100 people .
The move reflects Immelt ’s belief that , like many U.S. companies GE has turned too many core technological procedures over to outside contractors and foreign operations .
“ In some areas , we have outsourced too much , ” Immelt said , according to a copy of his prepared remarks .
“ We plan to ‘ insource ’ capabilities like aviation component manufacturing and software development . ”
The United States need to reduce its reliance on financial services to drive economic growth , Immelt warned .
“ While some of America ’s competitors were throttling up on manufacturing and R&D , we de-emphasized technology , ” he said .
“ Our economy tilted instead toward the quicker profits of financial services . ”
That is a lesson GE has learned -- its shares have lost some 58 percent of their value over the past year , largely the result of falling profit at its GE Capital finance unit .
Immelt is restructuring GE so it will count on finance for just 30 percent of its profit , down from half before the downturn .
“ While our financial services business has performed well , I ca n’t tell you that we were entirely free of these errors , ” Immelt said .
“ We were n’t . ”
NEW ULM , MINN .
The mother of 13 - year - old Daniel Hauser testified Friday that she and her son would refuse to comply with any court order requiring the boy to resume chemotherapy for his cancer .
" Danny clearly made up his mind .
He 's not doing it , '' Colleen Hauser , of Sleepy Eye , Minn. , testified on the opening day of a trial over whether a court should order the boy into medical treatment against the family 's wishes .
Hauser , whose son was diagnosed in January with Hodgkin 's lymphoma , said conventional treatments such as chemotherapy conflict with the family 's religious beliefs .
She said they prefer natural remedies such as herbs and vitamins .
Asked where she learned about the alternative healing techniques , Hauser said , " on the Internet . ''
Daniel sat stoically through the opening part of the trial as his first oncologist , Dr. Bruce Bostrom of Children 's Hospitals and Clinics in Minneapolis , testified that his chances of survival would drop to 5 percent without treatment .
The boy left shortly afterward and never returned to the courtroom .
He is scheduled to testify this morning in a closed session before the judge , after his lawyer said he was uncomfortable talking in open court .
The case is expected to be finished today , and the judge said he did n't expect to issue a ruling this weekend .
As a day of tense testimony began , dozens of family friends and supporters lined the courtroom , but the mood was subdued .
At one point , a handful of natural - health advocates arrived with signs to show their support for the Hausers .
But they were ordered to leave their placards outside the courthouse .
The Hausers declined to speak to reporters after Friday 's court session .
But Dan Zwakman , a member of the Nemenhah religious group to which they belong , acted as the family spokesman .
He argued that this is a case about religious freedom , noting that the group 's motto is " our religion is our medicine . "
The basic premise , he said , is " that we will do no harm .
Chemotherapy is known to be dangerous .
It 's a killer . "
On the witness stand , Daniel 's mother showed little emotion as she testified in a soft voice about her son 's ordeal .
She said that on the day Daniel had his chemotherapy in February , she felt pressured into signing the consent form , and never intended to agree to the full six treatments that his doctors at Children 's Hospitals and Clinics had recommended .
" At that time , I was so emotionally distraught , I did n't know what I was doing , " she said .
She said Daniel was furious when he realized he would be getting the treatment .
" Mom , I 'm walking out of here , " she said he told her , " and he almost did . "
The boy refused to go back for the five additional treatments and his parents concurred , which ultimately triggered a child - endangerment petition filed by Brown County Attorney James Olson .
Hauser said her family members are " traditional Catholics , '' but said she has long believed in natural medicine , which led them to join the Nemenhah , an American Indian religious organization .
" This is our religious belief , '' she said .
" We believe in traditional methods .
To strip that away would be stripping his soul right out of his body . ''
Asked about Bostrom 's testimony that Daniel faced a grim outlook without chemotherapy , Hauser said : " I 've heard him say that .
That 's not what I believe . ''
Medical experts testified Friday that X - rays showed that Daniel 's tumor had grown between early and late April .
The doctors called that an alarming finding , and said the cancer could become even more difficult to treat the longer they wait .
Daniel 's mother , however , disagreed .
" I do n't believe it 's growing , " she said , arguing that the X - rays might be showing scar tissue .
In one heated exchange , Daniel 's court - appointed lawyer , Philip Elbert , pressed a Mayo Clinic oncologist , Dr. Valmarie Rodriguez , about how the boy might be forced into treatment against his will .
Many dogs are put down or abandoned due to their violent nature , but contrary to popular belief , breed has little to do with a dog 's aggressive behaviour compared to all the owner - dependant factors .
This is shown in a new study from the University of Córdoba , which includes breeds that are considered aggressive by nature , such as the Rottweiler or the Pit Bull .
The conclusions , however , are surprising : it is the owners who are primarily responsible for attacks due to dominance or competition of their pets .
The research team from the University of Córdoba ( UCO ) has determined a series of external factors which are inherent to the dogs in order to understand their aggressiveness , and they have observed that external , modifiable and owner - dependent factors have a greater influence on the animals .
According to Joaquín Pérez - Guisado , the main author of the study and a researcher from the UCO , some of the factors that cause aggressiveness in dogs are : first - time dog ownership ; failure to subject the dog to basic obedience training ; spoiling or pampering the dog ; not using physical punishment when it is required ; buying a dog as a present , as a guard dog or on impulse ; spaying female dogs ; leaving the dog with a constant supply of food , or spending very little time with the dog in general and on its walks .
" Failure to observe all of these modifiable factors will encourage this type of aggressiveness and would conform to what we would colloquially call ' giving our dog a bad education ' " , Pérez - Guisado explains to SINC .
The study , which has recently been published in the Journal of Animal and Veterinary Advances , is based on the following fact : approximately 40 % of dominance aggression in dogs is associated with a lack of authority on the part of the owners who have never performed basic obedience training with their pets or who have only carried out the bare minimum of training .
Breed has less influence on aggressiveness
The Spanish researchers studied 711 dogs ( 354 males and 357 females ) of which 594 were purebred and 117 were half - breed dogs older than one year of age .
Among the breeds observed were the Bull Terrier , the American Pit Bull Terrier , the Alsatian , the Boxer , the Rottweiler , the Doberman , as well as apparently more docile breeds such as the Dalmatian , the Irish Setter , the Golden Retriever , the Labrador Retriever , the Miniature Poodle , the Chihuahua , the Pekinese , or the French Bulldog , which also exhibit dominant behaviour .
According to Pérez - Guisado , certain breeds , male sex , a small size , or an age of between 5 - 7 years old are " the dog- dependent factors associated with greater dominance aggression " .
Nevertheless , these factors have " minimal effect " on whether the dog behaves aggressively .
Factors linked to the owner 's actions are more influential .
To correct the animal 's behaviour , the owner should handle it appropriately and " re-establish dominance over the dog " , the researcher adds .
In terms of physical punishment , Pérez - Guisado points out that " this method can not be used with all dogs given the danger involved , although it could be used to re-establish dominance over puppies or small and easy - to - control dogs " .
However , " it should never be used as justification for treating a dog brutally , since physical punishment should be used more as a way to frighten and demonstrate the dominance we have over the dog than to inflict great suffering on the animal " , the vet states .
According to the researcher , " dogs that are trained properly do not normally retain aggressive dominance behaviour " .
Pérez - Guisado attributes this " exceptional " conduct to the existence of some medical or organic problem , " which can cause changes in the dog 's behaviour " .
About the Presentation :
Clojure is a dynamically - typed , functional programming language that runs on the JVM ( Java 5 or greater ) and provides interoperability with Java .
A major goal of the language is to make it easier to implement applications that access data from multiple threads ( concurrency ) .
Soon Clojure will also be available for the .NET platform .
ClojureCLR is an implementation of Clojure that runs on the Microsoft Common Language Runtime instead of the JVM .
Clojure might be for you if : you 're interested in making concurrent programming easier
you 're open to branching outside the world of object - oriented programming to try functional programming
it is important for the applications you write to run on the JVM in order to take advantage of existing Java libraries , portability and other benefits
you prefer dynamically - typed languages over statically - typed ones
you find the minimal , consistent syntax of Lisp dialects appealing I plan to spend a large part of the talk focusing on the reference types in Clojure ( Refs , Atoms and Agents ) which are its primary mechanisms for dealing with concurrency .
Even if you have no plans to use Clojure , learning about Software Transactional Memory ( STM ) will be valuable .
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_transactional_memory.
I recommend glancing through an article I wrote on Clojure before attending the talk to familiarize yourself with some of the syntax and features of the language .
See http://ociweb.com/mark/clojure/article.html.
Linux only :
The latest version of Ubuntu pops the Update Manager dialog window onto the screen every time there are updates to install — very irritating if you are in the middle of something .
Advertisement
Instead of automatically launching the dialog window , previous versions of Ubuntu showed the Update Manager icon in the tray when there were updates to install , and the Make Tech Easier blog runs down the process of disabling that annoying automatic popup dialog for good .
You can simply open gconf - editor , browse down to Apps -> Update Notifier , and uncheck the auto_launch option to force Update Manager to behave .
Readers will note that you should always keep your system patched and up - to - date at all times , and this tweak does n't disable Update Manager in any way — it simply removes the automatic popup , since having an in - your - face dialog window is unnecessary .
Advertisement
How to Remove the Annoying Update Manager Popup [ Make Tech Easier ]
I will be the first to say , the Volt has been vindicated in a most wonderful way .
A few weeks ago Tesla CEO Elon Musk brought the Model S on Late Night with David Letterman and Dave misrepresented the Chevy Volt , calling its 40 mile range " ridiculous .
" Last night after having issued a challenge to do so , Letterman invited Lutz on his show along with the Chevy Volt show car .
The result , in my opinion , was wonderful .
First Letterman gave a five minute monologue explaining how he wants to see this country achieve energy independence ( FIRST VIDEO BELOW ) .
He admitted he bought and drives the Tesla Roadster .
He described himself as not being particularly tech savvy , and went on to say that when he derided the Volt and laughed about it with Musk , he was actually " woefully ignorant . "
He admitted that he did n't realize the Volt has a range extender .
He even said he hoped he could get a free Volt .
In the next segment Lutz and Letterman had a seven minute interview ( SECOND VIDEO BELOW ) .
It was clear that Letterman as a car buff has a great deal of respect for Lutz and it showed .
He was kind , quiet , and polite and Lutz spoke most of the time .
Lutz talked about the EV - 1 and why GM cancelled it , he talked about what hybrid technology is , and he explained how the Volt works .
Lutz again admitted it is his best estimate the Volt will cost " right around $ 40,000 " before incentives which would bring it to $ 32,500 , and that it wo n't be in showrooms en masse until 2011 although will be available in late 2010 .
Dave asked for the first one .
Lutz said there are 7 or 8 others who want it ( I believe I am one of them ) .
The Volt was rolled out on stage and Dave seemed to like it , of course he did his obligatory electrocution bit .
Personally , I do n't think this could have turned out any better .
Kudos to Letterman for admitting his mistake .
Long live the Volt !
Dave 's mea culpa : [ flash http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4gjWgix2ebQ]Dave, Lutz , and the Volt : [ flash http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwjep5po7QU]
Pat Robertson has dammned homosexuals to hell , claimed the majority of homosexuals were turned to that lifestyle due to an abusive relationship , and called homosexuality an “ abomination of God ” … all in one minute and 37 seconds .
Speaking on The 700 Club today , Robertson was responding to a question posed by a mother who was asking for help on “ how to handle ” her homosexual son :
TERRY MEEUWSEN ( co-host ) : This is Theresa .
This is difficult .
She says , “ How should we , as parents of a homosexual son , handle the ongoing challenges facing us , such as staying true to our faith and following the commandment to ‘ love your neighbor as yourself ’ ?
This is very difficult for us . ”
ROBERTSON : Well , first of all , he ’s not your neighbor .
He ’s your son ; that ’s a different thing .
You owe him , you know , advice and counsel and guidance .
You ’re his parent .
First of all , you did n’t say how old he is .
Secondly , I am not at all persuaded that so - called homosexuals are homosexuals because of biological problems .
There may be a very few , but there are so many that have been made homosexuals because of a coach or a guidance counselor or some other male figure who has abused them and they think there ’s something wrong with their sexuality .
So you need to get deep into why he is what he is , instead of just saying , “ Well , he ’s a homosexual so how do I handle him , and how do I be Christian ? ”
Well , I think you ought to tell him , “ Listen , son , you know , here ’s what the Bible says about this , and it ’s called an abomination before God , so I ’ve got to tell you the truth because I love you . ”
That ’s what I think .
All right , what else ?
MEEUWSEN : And then you do that — you love him .
ROBERTSON : You love him .
Of course you love him .
And you accept him .
You love him , but at the same time , you ca n’t let him just go , you know , he ’ll wind up —
MEEUWSEN : Without knowing truth , yeah .
ROBERTSON : Well , I mean , if somebody ’s on their way to hell , they ’ll — I mean , you ’ve got to love them to rescue them .
BBC America outbid the Syfy Channel for the right to air Doctor Who first , citing the show 's essential Britishness .
The network , which already runs spin - off show Torchwood , will air last year 's Christmas special on June 27 , and the Easter special airs in July .
Because the months - long delay ensures total freshness .
Advertisement
Got Work ?
As the economy stalls , college graduates are finding it difficult to find work
HARTFORD , Conn. , May 20 , 2009  -- Casey Savage graduated from Trinity College in Hartford with a 3.8 grade - point average and honors .
What he does n't have is a job .
" I 've talked to 24 different firms so far .
Hedge funds , investment banks , private equity shops , " Savage said .
" And I just feel that there 's limited opportunities at this point . "
It 's a familiar refrain being echoed at colleges and universities across the country , as the economy continues to slump and layoffs , furloughs and pay cuts dominate the employment landscape .
The struggling economy means college seniors are facing one of the toughest job markets in years .
According to a survey from National Association of Colleges and Employers , the class of 2009 is leaving campus with fewer jobs in hand than their 2008 counterparts .
The group 's 2009 Student Survey found that just 19.7 percent of 2009 graduates who applied for a job actually have one .
In comparison , 51 percent of those graduating in 2007 and 26 percent of those graduating in 2008 who had applied for a job had one in hand by the time of graduation .
Economist say the members of this year 's graduating class are also facing unique challenges not only because they are dueling against the growing ranks of unemployed for work , but because they are also facing a backlog created from last year 's graduates who have yet to find fulltime employment .
Bryan Hopkins , a senior at the University of Florida , calls the situation frustrating .
" You feel frustrated because you feel now that was it all worth it , " he said .
" In a perfect world , I would have walked right off the stage and into a fulltime job in my field , but I mean I have the degree now and I am still waiting . "
Yale University School of Management professor Lisa Kahn said recent college graduates will suffer the long - term effects of this recession much more than their counterparts who graduated in boom times .
Departing seniors are " suffering from the recession like everyone else is , but the effects are going to stay with ( them ) for much longer , " Kahn said .
Tougher Times Ahead for Grads
Kahn studied the impact of the recession in the 1980s and found that seniors who graduated then were still feeling the impact 20 years later .
Today 's seniors are " going to be earning much less than their counterparts who graduated in better times and they 'll be in lower level occupations , " she said .
University of Arizona senior Reyna Nowaczyk said the lack of job prospects has left her " overwhelmed . "
" I do n't know what to do next , " she said .
" I 've done all the right things : done my fair share of internships , studied abroad .
I 've studied languages while abroad .
I have my letters of recommendation from employers .
I feel like I prepared myself ; I feel like I 'm ready .
I want to work . "
But according to employment professionals , graduating seniors will need to be flexible in this economy .
" If I were a 22 - year - old today I would be willing to take an unpaid internship , " said Lanna Hagge , director of Career Services at Trinity College .
" I would be willing to do almost anything just to get the experience and exposure . "
That 's advice Trinity graduate Chauncy Kerr is taking .
She is looking to land an unpaid internship this summer .
" You get job experience so I 'm excited about that , " Kerr said .
But , she added , " It would be nice to get paid . "
Negative attention is still attention
May 20 , 2009 by lestro
by lestro
Well , the GOP ’s 2012 VP nominee - in - waiting , Newt Gingrich , is out waving his arms and and yelling at the top of his lungs , hoping to draw the spotlight of relevance back to himself .
This time , he is attacking the Speaker of the House , his old post , as a “ trivial politician ” and saying she has disqualified herself from the office she holds .
But I am not quite sure how .
Dig :
“ She charged that the CIA , deliberately and as a matter of policy , violated the law by lying to Congress , ” Gingrich writes in the column .
“ And with that allegation , Speaker Pelosi disqualified herself from the office she holds . ”
“ Speaker Pelosi has damaged America ’s safety , ” Gingrich also writes .
“ She ’s made America less secure by sending a signal to the men and women defending our country that they can’t count on their leaders to defend them . ”
The second graph is the same old bullshit song and dance the Republicans have been doing since they ran out of ideas ( and has n’t worked at all in the past two election cycles , by the way ) , but the first does n’t even make sense .
I mean , if the CIA did deliberately and a matter of policy lie to Congress – and frankly , it looks like they did .
Repeatedly .
At the behest of the Bush Administration , which deliberately and as a matter of policy lied not only to Congress but the American people and even each other .
– then Pelosi did her duty ( albeit late ) in informing the public of said lies .
The problem here is not that she is accusing them of lying , but THAT THEY LIED ABOUT TORTURING PEOPLE .
The real question is how seriously should the Republicans should take Gingrich , whose leadership at first buoyed the Republicans in the 1994 elections .
At the end of his career , however , Gingrich bet it all on the Impeachment of Bill Clinton , leading to his party taking a beating in the 1998 midterm elections .
Polls showed it was Gingrich ’s strategy of impeaching the president for a blow job that cost the Repubs the election .
Within a few days of the election , he resigned his speakership and his seat in the House .
Oh , and let ’s not forget that Gingrich was sanctioned by the house for an ethics violation , the ONLY time a Speaker has been sanctioned by the House .
No , Newt , I have n’t forgotten .
So the question is , why should anyone give a shit about what Newt Gingrich thinks about Pelosi ’s leadership ?
Frankly , my America wants its leaders to be honest and wants the Congress to keep tabs on the other branches ( and underlings thereof ) of government .
The CIA does not get free rein .
Especially when it uses that to violate the basic principles of the Constitution and / or violate international treaties .
Besides , do n’t you have a third wife to get to cheating on , Newt ?
You know , the one you were cheating on your second wife with while prosecuting Bill Clinton ’s impeachment …
Former Megadeth “ charisma guitarist ” Marty Friedman ( 46 ) has been unashamedly gushing about his love of the J - pop scene for a few years now .
And today he ’s cashing in on the mismatch of heavy metal axeman and sugar sweet pop music with the release of “ Tokyo Jukebox , ” an instrumental album of J - pop covers .
Friedman performed a few guitar licks for reporters at the Tokyo Tower observation deck yesterday , including his take on Mr. Children ’s “ Gift ” and a little enka in the form of Ishikawa Sayuri ’s “ Amagigoe . ”
Friedman performed as a member of Megadeth during their most successful decade from 1990 - 2000 .
After moving to Japan , he joined X Japan guitarist Pata and Luna Sea drummer Shinya as a backing musician to rock singer Aikawa Nanase in 2005 .
A more unlikely pairing was with J - pop star Suzuki Ami on NHK ’s “ Kohaku Uta Gassen ” that New Year ’s Eve .
He also performed last year on a mini-album of covers by African American enka singer Jero .
In March , he performed Bach ’s Brandenburg Concerto with the Tokyo Symphony Orchestra .
A famous Friedman anecdote is that he auditioned for legendary rockers Kiss , but was turned down because he was under six feet tall .
Tokyo Jukebox tracklist
John Bercow MP – a critic of past religious liberty campaigns – has been chosen by his colleagues to be the new Speaker of the House of Commons .
He will have power to choose which MPs are called to speak in the chamber and whether or not particular amendments to Bills are debated .
When campaigning for the role of Speaker he said he was proud of his record on pushing for equality on gender , race , disability , age or sexual orientation .
He made no mention of religion .
Mr Bercow actively supports the Government ’s current attempt to remove a free speech safeguard from a sexual orientation ‘ hate speech ’ law .
The safeguard was passed last year by Parliament .
It makes clear that criticising homosexual conduct is not , in itself , a crime .
In January he said the free speech amendment is “ at best superfluous , and at worst deeply objectionable ” .
He added : “ Some — although not all — of its supporters would not even know how to spell the word ‘ equality ’ , let alone sign up to it . ”
In a 2004 debate on transsexual rights , Edward Leigh MP asked Mr Bercow if he was “ really saying that when we are dealing with people who have particularly strong moral or religious views we should override those views not in society as a whole , but in their own private meetings and in their own church ? ”
The official record shows that Mr Bercow indicated assent .
He also supports forcing faith - based adoption agencies to place children with same - sex couples contrary to their religious ethos .
Several Roman Catholic adoption agencies have either closed down or cut their ties with the Church because of new ‘ gay rights ’ laws .
As a member of the Speaker ’s Conference group currently examining the ‘ diversity ’ of the Commons he has backed women - only shortlists to boost the number of female MPs .
He has also called for more gay and lesbian MPs .
Homosexual activists hope the Speaker ’s Conference will recommend that a quota system is introduced allowing for gay - only MP shortlists .
In 2006 he advocated that ten per cent of Commissioner posts on the powerful Equality and Human Rights Commission be reserved and guaranteed for homosexuals .
But he thinks Bishops should lose the right to sit in the House of Lords .
In 2007 he said : “ there is no case to be made for reserved , ex officio , guaranteed religious representation in the second Chamber .
The argument simply does not hold water . ”
He added : “ The notion that there should be a privileged position for a small number of bishops in a decreasingly religious country simply will not wash . ”
He is a supporter of making abortion easier and quicker but rejected attempts in 2007 to make sure women seeking abortion receive proper counselling and have a one week cooling - off period .
Last year he tabled an amendment which could have jailed pro-lifers who advertise alternatives to abortion .
He also signed an amendment to extend the current British abortion law to Northern Ireland .
Neither amendment became law .
He agreed with last year ’s changes to the law which allow more destructive experiments on human embryos and the creation of embryos that are part animal , part human .
He supports making sex education compulsory in schools .
At present , the law requires that secondary schools teach the biological facts about sex in science lessons .
Anything more than this is not currently compulsory , but the Government is proposing to make sex education lessons mandatory from primary school upwards .
He has pressed the Government on a number of occasions to consider the legalisation of cannabis .
if ( " 0x0A " == " 10 " ) { print '( ´ε｀ ) ﾁｭｯ ' ; }
チュッ。されちゃいます。
文字列であっても整数と解釈できる文字列の場合は勝手に型変換しやがる今世紀最大の愚行を犯してしまうってのは有名な話だよね。
文字列であっても整数と解釈できる文字列の場合は自動的に整数に型変換してくれる超便利機能があるってのは有名な話だよね。
だけどなんでコレが一致するかわけがわからんかった。
0x0Aは10進数で10になるので一致する。と、言いたいところなんですがそう単純な話じゃないんだ。
以下の例を目ん玉見開いて見て欲しい。
var_dump ( 0x0A ) ; var_dump ( " 0x0A " ) ; var_dump ( ( int ) " 0x0A " ) ; var_dump ( ( float ) " 0x0A " ) ; var_dump ( intval ( " 0x0A " ) ) ; 実行結果 int ( 10 ) string ( 4 ) " 0x0A " int ( 0 ) float ( 0 ) int(0 )
つまり文字 列 の " 0x0A " ってやつはどう考えても0と解釈されるはずなんだ。だから上記if文が本来一致するはずがいない。
でも実際は何故か10と解釈されて一致してしまう。
そう、つまり演算子で比較した場合、やらんでもいいのにわざわざ16進表記かどうかまでチェックして余計なお世話的うんこ変換しやがるということになる。
そう、つまり演算子で比較した場合は、16進表記かどうかまでチェックして10進数に変換してくれているということになる。
明示的に書くならこんな感じだ。
if ( intval ( " 0x0 A " , 16 ) == " 10 " ) { print '( ´ε｀ ) ﾁｭｯ ' ; }
クソが。
なるほどねー 。
ただでさえ文字列同士の比較なのにintに変換されるだけでもミソ糞うぜぇのに、わざわざ16進数の場合は10進数に変換してくれる超糞尿仕様。
文字列同士の比較であってもintに自動変換してくれるだけでも素晴らしいのに、それに加えて16進数の場合は10進数に変換してくれる超便利仕様。
ってこたぁ、8進数表記の場合も糞糞マジ死ぬほど余計なお世話するんだろうなぁと思ってしぶしぶ試してみた。
ということは8進数表記の場合もこの素晴らしい自動変換しれくるのかなと思って試してみた。
if ( " 0x0A " == " 012 " ) { print '( ´ε｀ ) ﾁｭｯ ' ; } else { print '＼ ( ^o^ ) ／ ' ; } 実行結果 ＼( ^o^ ) ／
おー、さす がPHP！、やっぱ8進数の場合は10進数と似てるから8進数と見なすよりも10進数と見なしたほうが効率いいですもんね。いやーわかってるなー。ますますPHPが好きになりました。I Love PHP .
We Love Ｐ☆Ｈ☆Ｐ ！
はは、はははっ、ははははっ。やるならやる！やらないならやらない！どっちかに統一せーやこのプリンシパル校長ヘッドハンティンピープルぺーぺーぽりんき味噌マッチョ変態改造エアガン陵辱－２くらいのスカンク殺ろうがぁああああああ★ああああああああああああああああああああああああああああああああああああああｆじょ★えいｊｆｓきじぇいつつしまじいのそるいつのだ★ひろけがきちもするけけけそあいんぼろうれあああぁあああああaaaaaa
プログラ増田のあなぐら
ツイートシェ ア
This desolate area in Belarus near the border with Ukraine could be decontaminated and rejuvenated if a biofuel crop were grown ( Image : Viktor Drachev / AFP / Getty Images )
CONTAMINATED lands , blighted by fallout from the Chernobyl nuclear disaster , could be cleaned up in a clever way : by growing biofuels .
Belarus , the country affected by much of the fallout , is planning to use the crops to suck up the radioactive strontium and caesium and make the soil fit to grow food again within decades rather than hundreds of years .
A 40,000 square kilometre area of south - east Belarus is so stuffed …
This image has been flagged for review and is only visible to moderators !
This picture has been deleted and is only visible to administrators !
https://cdn.imagefap.com/images/full/39/901/901124645.gif?end=1601573980&secure=0a5aef98b312dae003ae2
You can navigate using your keyboard
Loading ...
SCP - 468
SCP - 468-1
Item # : SCP - 468
Object Class : Euclid
Special Containment Procedures : A buffer area of one kilometer is to be maintained around SCP - 468 - 2 .
Individuals found inside upon initial Foundation acquisition may only exit with the permission of the overseeing Level 4 researcher .
All Foundation personnel entering for purposes of observation must exit two hours after entrance .
SCP - 468 - 1 is not to be moved from SCP - 468 - 2 .
It is to be contained within a standard locked containment unit .
One video camera inside the unit is to monitor SCP - 468 - 1's movement .
The unlocking combination is held by the overseeing Level 4 researcher .
Description : SCP - 468 - 1 is an abacus with dimensions of 20 by 7 centimeters , in near - perfect condition , with no missing beads or signs of disrepair .
Its beads , despite the lack of any obvious motor or driving system , will move autonomously .
Periods of movement are interspersed by periods of rest , which usually last three to five hours .
SCP - 468 - 1 ’s beads will often perform basic arithmetic operations , though this is not always the case .
SCP - 468 - 2 is the former farming village of [ REDACTED ] , located in the Chinese province of Jiangsu , with an area of about 2.3 square kilometers .
It is presumed that the previous owner of SCP - 468 - 1 lived within this village .
Research Site - 133 , which houses all personnel assigned to SCP - 468 , is located 3 kilometers from SCP - 468 - 2 .
Foundation investigations have [ DATA EXPUNGED ] .
Roads , houses , and other sufficiently large man-made structures inside SCP - 468 - 2 will shift their positions as SCP - 468 - 1 itself moves .
Movement invariably results in the formation of geometric patterns .
Usually , roads lined with houses will move to form rows and columns .
Other patterns that have been observed include basic circular and triangular patterns .
Researchers have recorded a relation between arithmetical operations done by SCP - 468 - 1 and the movement of SCP - 468 - 2 .
For example , SCP - 468 - 1 moving to multiply 10 and 32 resulted in a 10 by 32 grid pattern , with outlying houses forming a perimeter around the resultant grid .
All sufficiently large animals ( including horses , dogs , cats , and human beings ) within SCP - 468 - 2 are subject to its effects .
During periods of SCP - 468 - 1 ’s rest , affected subjects will travel between structures .
Only SCP - 468 - 2's roads will be used to travel .
No two subjects will ever travel in different directions on the same road .
The speed of travel is invariably 2.3 meters per second , with one pace taken every 0.6 seconds .
Mathematical functions are often performed with affected subjects acting as counters .
Animals susceptible to SCP - 468 - 2's effects begin to display symptoms 2.5 hours after entry into the village .
The initial symptom is the loss of all complex mental functions , such as basic coordination , language skills , and reasoning .
After 3 hours inside , instinctive and reflexive actions , such as the fight or flight response , are forgotten .
After 3.5 hours , brain activity reduces to an essentially comatose state , and only the knowledge of how to walk is retained .
However , only a certain number of affected individuals actually take place in group movement at any given time ; because of this , surplus beings will simply [ DATA EXPUNGED ] .
If enough subjects are removed from SCP - 468 - 2 such that the number of affected individuals inside is less than ██ , all movement will cease ; it can only resume once members of the same species as the removed subjects are placed inside SCP - 468 - 2 .
Despite their inability to consume food or water , all subjects seem to be in perfect health .
Removing SCP - 468 - 1 from SCP - 468 - 2 causes all activity within SCP - 468 - 2 to cease , though affected subjects do not regain lost mental capacity .
Given the research opportunity that would be lost , this is prohibited .
Addendum - 468A : Before it became the focus of Foundation attention , SCP - 468 - 2 was a relatively isolated community .
Beginning January 12th , 19██ , residents reported roads and houses shifting several meters in sudden bursts .
Local authorities assumed tectonic instability to be the cause of the moving structures , and advised all residents to evacuate .
Approximately half of the population complied .
By February 3rd , no more reports were filed concerning the believed tectonic instability .
By March 21st , attempts to contact people living in the village were met with no response , prompting Foundation involvement .
By the time nearby agents arrived , the entire remaining population had succumbed to SCP - 468 - 2's effects .
A discrepancy exists between the population of SCP - 468 - 2 post - earthquake evacuation ( 188 ) and the current human population ( 66 ) .
Extensive Foundation exploration has not found a single member of the missing 122 , [ DATA EXPUNGED ] .
Addendum - 468B : Patterns and calculations made by SCP - 468 - 2 have begun increasing in complexity since observation has begun .
While only basic addition and subtraction were seen when first discovered , its repertoire of mathematical operations has expanded to include multiplication and division ; calculating the area of quadrilaterals , triangles , and circles ; comparing proportions ; and finding the square roots of two - digit numbers .
On July 19th , 20██ , SCP - 468 - 2 arranged in grid patterns used for basic arithmetic .
However , Foundation observers quickly realized that the right half of SCP - 468 - 2 had only very limited activity , whereas the left side exhibited an abnormal increase in subject movement .
Dr. F██████ , upon investigating the matter , theorized that the computations being made were an attempt to perform matrix multiplication , with the left hand side acting as " scratch work " and the right hand side including the actual matrices .
After only 39 minutes , all subject movement ceased and SCP - 468 - 1 entered another period of movement : the shortest recorded period of rest yet .
Researcher estimates place the time required for matrix multiplication to take place inside SCP - 468 - 2 at approximately three days .
Matrix multiplication was an unusual jump in the normally steady progression of mathematical complexity previously undergone .
Furthermore , the subsequent arrangement of SCP - 468 - 2 facilitated fraction multiplication , the only recorded instance of a decrease in mathematical complexity between rearrangement periods .
“ People reading news for free on the Web , that ’s got to change , ” sez Rupert Murdoch .
With newspapers folding all over the country , one might think that the journalism industry would actually get the hint .
Just like any other business , when the books do n’t balance , you ’ve got to cut costs , increase sales , raise your prices , improve the quality of your product , etc .
Uhm !
Here ’s a novel idea for the mainstream media : improve the quality of your freakin’ product .
Actually cover what people want to read .
Do n’t spoon feed us pablum or try tell us what ’s newsworthy .
Anyway , it ’s unlikely that people will pay for a product / service which they can get elsewhere for free .
I feel about as sorry for Murdoch as I do for AIG , General Motors , Chrysler , Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac and the Catfish Genome Project .
Of course , the some in the industry are calling for bailouts .
This new bailout suggestion eliminates some First Amendment rights .
For years , the Internet has been my primary source of news .
Sometimes I ’d pick up a paper to read on the plane , but aside from that , I generally obtain my media from free sources .
Since the advent of smart phones , I do n’t even buy print newspapers any more .
Pretty much the same for television broadcasting , but their are n’t asking for bailouts — yet .
Professor Krugman said that the UK had stabilised its banking system
The UK is in the best shape out of all the economies in Europe , according to a leading economist .
Paul Krugman , who won the 2008 Nobel prize for economics , said that the UK 's economic policies had been " pretty good " and called them " intelligent " .
The government also deserved more credit for its policies , he said in an interview with the Observer newspaper .
His comments come at the end of a week when the pound has risen to its highest level this year .
But Professor Krugman believes the earlier fall in the value of sterling may have helped the UK .
" The UK has achieved a lot of monetary traction in the way that no one else has through the depreciation of the pound .
In effect , you 've carried out a successful beggar - my - neighbour devaluation , " he said .
" I think the UK economy looks the best in Europe at the moment . "
The government 's policies had managed to stabilise the banking system , he said .
He added : " If the government can hold off having an election until next year , Labour might well be able to run as ' we 're the people who brought Britain out of the slump ' . "
The unrest of the past few days in Iran has seized center stage in world politics , as countless people throughout the world become involved in supporting the Iranian protesters ' cause .
It is clear that events in Iran captured the imagination of the world , but what is less clear is why these events are truly important to Americans and other non-Iranians .
Recent events in Iran are important to us for at least two reasons .
First , they represent a centuries - old struggle between liberty and oppression .
Of course , Mir-Hussein Moussavi , the Iranian " reform " candidate championed by many Iranian protesters , is far from a liberal in the western sense .
He has a solid record of supporting the strict structure of the Islamic republic .
However , he is far more pro-liberty than Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , promising reforms in women 's rights and moves toward general ( though gradual ) modernization .
The struggle of the Iranian people to have their votes counted -- and to have a say in their government -- should be defended even if their chosen candidate is less than perfect .
The election in Iran was far from free or open , and there is good reason to question its legitimacy .
What is most important is not who the Iranian people choose , but that they are defending their right to make that choice .
Less obvious and yet more important to us is what the Iranian protests show us about the changing nature of political power and dissent in the modern world .
An excellent piece on the blog Journal Squared compares the technologically - empowered ferocity of the Iranian movement with the 1999 Seattle WTO protests .
The Seattle protests made headlines for activists ' innovative and highly effective use of technology to organize and communicate .
The world was shocked by their ability to outsmart and overpower better - funded , better - armed , and better - trained authorities .
This new form of " networked , anonymous and decentralized protest movement " quickly adapts and ends up overwhelming political leaders .
The result is either the collapse of centralized leadership ability or frenzied overreaction by authorities -- either outcome is beneficial to the cause of the protesters .
The RAND Corporation , one of the foremost defense policy think tanks in the United States , called this technologically - enabled form of resistance " netwar " , and identified it as among the greatest threats to modern governments .
Short for " networked warfare " , RAND says that this new style of conflict , " depends heavily on information and communications technology , nonhierarchical organization , and tactics that are distinctly different from previous forms of civil - society conflicts .
" Compared to older forms of protest and resistance , netwar is vastly more effective at disrupting the mechanisms of state power and undermining the legitimacy of targeted organizations .
Using simple technologies like mobile phones and social media ( i.e. twitter , etc ) , protesters can quickly organize actions ( demonstrations , riots , attacks on specific entities , etc ) , react to police movements , and build vast global support structures .
The Iranian election is demonstrating how greatly these tactics have advanced with the advancement and spread of communications technology .
Before the election , few experts predicted any kind of sizeable reaction by the Iranian people .
Then , beginning with the declaration of victory by Ahmadinejad , a massive resistance movement emerged with unprecedented speed and reach .
Within hours of the results being announced , a global network of support began forming .
When the Iranian government attempted to cut communications and isolate the dissidents , thousands of people throughout the world began helping the effort : setting up proxies to circumvent government filters , attacking government websites , and keeping lines of communication open despite the best efforts of the Iranian state .
Much like in open - source software development , the distributed and coordinated efforts of these people converged to form a highly effective product .
Iranian students and dissidents massed by the hundreds of thousands and more in cities throughout Iran with little advance notice , empowered by new communication technologies .
Movements of pro-Ahmadinejad militias , police , and military forces were constantly relayed among protesters .
International journalists were banned from covering the protests , and protesters filled the information gap in near real - time with thousands of pictures , videos , and text accounts of events on the ground .
According to Col. John Boyd , one of the foremost warfare theorists of our time , conflict is broadly explained by a cyclical process called the OODA loop .
In this process , agents in a conflict ( whether they are generals commanding armies or fighter pilots flying planes ) first Observe , then Orient themselves , then Decide on a course of action , and then finally Act .
For example , a fighter pilot ( the theory was originally devised to describe aerial combat ) must first observe his surroundings , orient himself in relation to the enemy and other relevant considerations , decide on the best course of action ( speed up , slow down , climb , dive , etc ) , and finally act on that decision .
This action will produce a new set of circumstances to be observed , and the cycle begins again .
Boyd said that the agent in a conflict who can most quickly cycle through this OODA loop will gain a decisive advantage over his enemy , since he will be able to seize the initiative and dictate the terms of the fight .
This is often termed " getting inside " the enemy 's OODA loop , since one can observe and act many times while the enemy completes only one observation - action cycle .
In Iran , protesters empowered by modern communications technology are able to " get inside " the OODA loop of state forces by virtue of their decentralized and well - connected nature .
Government forces must wait while information travels up to superiors and decisions travel down the chain of command .
However , " netwarriors " can individually assess the situation ( using technologically - delivered information ) and react quickly to changing circumstances .
Furthermore , the sheer number of individuals involved in such a decentralized effort result in remarkably fast and creative problem - solving abilities .
Thus we see that the protests in Iran are really the next step in the development of a revolutionary new political reality .
In this new reality , barriers to communication and organization are torn down .
Like - minded individuals can quickly build powerful ad hoc organizations that span the globe .
The sluggish structures of the government are overwhelmed by fast , agile , infinitely flexible networks .
In short , the most basic rules of political power and control are being undermined and replaced with a more open , decentralized model of cooperation .
The technologies driving this trend toward decentralized empowerment are only becoming more potent and ubiquitous .
No matter what ends up happening in Iran , netwar is here to stay .
By Sean Coughlan
BBC News , education reporter
The steam locomotive , Rocket , is in the museum 's top 10 Which was the more important innovation - the railway revolution ushered in by Stephenson 's Rocket or the life - saving achievements of penicillin ?
The Science Museum in London has chosen a top 10 list of its most significant objects , as part of events marking its centenary .
The public will be invited to vote on this list of scientific breakthroughs .
These " icons " of science will become part of a centenary trail for visitors to the South Kensington museum .
There have already been expressions of support for particular objects .
Best inventions Trevor Baylis , the inventor , says he would vote for the V2 rocket engine .
SCIENCE MUSEUM TOP 10 Steam engine V2 rocket engine Electric telegraph Stephenson 's Rocket X - ray machine Model T Ford Penicillin Pilot ACE Computer DNA double helix Apollo 10 capsule
Send us your comments " It 's one of the greatest achievements of our time because it led to space exploration , and then satellite development , which then led to mobile phones and the astounding communication services we enjoy today , " he said .
Alice Roberts , television presenter and doctor , says she would vote for the invention of the X - ray machine .
" X - rays provided the first possibility of looking inside someone 's body without cutting them open , a massive medical advance . "
The museum 's chief curator , Tim Boon , wants the top 10 to spark debate about the value of inventions and discoveries .
The hands of George V and Queen Mary in an X - ray Others in the list include the steam engine and Stephenson 's Rocket , the electric telegraph , Model T Ford , penicillin , Pilot ACE computer , DNA double helix and the Apollo 10 capsule .
" What did we miss , is there an alternative top 10 ?
Some of the objects may divide opinion .
" Would we be better off if some of the icons , which have had negative consequences , had not been invented ? "
The Science Museum 's origins lay in the Great Exhibition of 1851 , with funds from the industrial showcase being used to begin a network of museums and libraries in South Kensington .
The first building , known as the South Kensington Museum , was opened to the public in 1857 .
The centenary being celebrated this year is the creation in 1909 of a separately administered museum in a new building , which formally adopted the title " Science Museum " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
We did n't report on Electronic Arts ' staged protest of Dante 's Inferno at E3 because it was an obviously fake marketing stunt ( Although I was fooled ) .
But people 's reactions , different story .
Advertisement
In case you did n't read the free ads put out by the Associated Press and the Los Angeles Times , EA hired a bunch of people to wave signs , hand out pamphlets and pretend - protest that EA was gonna burn in hell for making a game about it .
Since that stereotypes people who wave signs , hand out pamphlets and damn people to hell , someone went out of their way to be offended on their behalf .
" It 's been clear for a while now that the entertainment inudstry views Christians on the whole as priggish , thin - skinned fun-killers , " writes InsideCatholic.com 's Margaret Cabaniss .
She 's right .
I have no idea where they got that impression .
She points out that some of the faithful are n't prudes and do in fact game - her own site has discussed modern gaming favorably .
( " For a lot of Catholics , the Middle Ages is the place to be .
And for that , you cannot beat Medieval 2 : Total War . " )
And they 're rewarded with that by a fake protest that stereotypes unreasonable people .
Advertisement
She was n't the only one pissed .
Ranteth Catholic Video Gamers :
Ok , look Electronic Arts , as much as the hardcore gaming community is full of the risible self - parodies known as the " freethinking " - the Richard Dawkins - loving , fundamentalist atheist , " I 'm - so - much - smarter - than - you - are - because - I - do n't - believe - in - God " types , I doubt that even they would actually be more likely to buy a game because they * think * that their ideological foes ( the equally risible Fundamentalist Creationist , anti-Catholic , evangelical " Christians " ) happen to hate it .
Gamers of all varieties will buy this product if its , well , actually a good game .
So instead of engaging in a shamelessly anti-Christian stunt to promote your poor excuse of a product , maybe you ought to work on making this game , you know , something better than a blatant God of War rip - off and make it , ya know , something worthwhile ?
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 " 8 K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Excuse my " freethinking " but we 're talking about a game that 's already made .
So your admonishment to pour the effort spent hating Christians back into making the game is moot .
How about this instead :
Not every jackassed thing done by a game company deserves , ya know , your personal offense and an indignant response ?
Faith - Based Bloggers Slam EA For Staging Fake Religious Protest at E3 [ GamePolitics ]
Migrating Django Test Fixtures Using South ¶
The Problem¶ Migrating test fixtures is one of the biggest pains of testing .
If you create your tests too early , then change your schema , you have to go back and touch all your old test fixtures .
This discourages people from writing tests until their app is relatively ‘ stable ’ .
As we all know , this may never happen :)
This solves half of the problem , the part where you have to manually change a bunch of fixtures to reflect changes in your schema or data .
Possible Solution ¶ During the questions in my EuroDjangoCon talk , someone asked a question about this .
I did n’t have a good answer , but someone from the crowd raised their hand and suggested using South .
Once your project has data migrations for it ’s real models ( like any production site should ) , it should be relatively easy to then load up your test fixtures , migrate your database , and dump them back out .
I will be writing out a pretty basic tutorial on south , alongside of the example of how to migrate your test data using South .
I think it ’s pretty fantastic .
I hope that if you are n’t already using south , this tutorial will show it ’s simplicity and power , and if you are , I hope to show you another way to use it .
If you already understand south and have data migrations , you can skim the Example section and just focus on the later part .
I am using my Django Test Utils ’s test_project at a certain revision for this demo , so you can look there and follow along if you want to see the actual files used .
Look at the next commit to see the outcome of the project :)
Example ¶ I went ahead and made a simple little example application to test this on .
It will be the common migration scenario of adding a slug to a model .
We will be using the Polls app that everyone knows and loves from the Django Tutorial .
I do n’t currently have south installed at this point in test utils , so if you ’re following along , you just have to download south and add it to the installed apps before you start .
Basic Setup¶
So you have the basic polls models .
class Poll ( models .
Model ) : question = models .
CharField ( max_length = 200 ) pub_date = models .
DateTimeField ( ' date published ' ) class Choice ( models .
Model ) : poll = models .
ForeignKey ( Poll ) choice = models .
CharField ( max_length = 200 ) votes = models .
IntegerField ()
We realize that we do n’t have a way to show these well on the site , because they do n’t have a slug .
So we want to add a slug to the Poll model .
First off you need to have the initial migration for your app , so that we can migrate it .
We are going to use south , so we need to create our initial migration .
$ ./ manage.py startmigration polls -- initial Creating migrations directory at '/ Users/ericholscher/lib/django-test-utils/test_project/polls/migrations '...
Creating __init__.py in '/ Users/ericholscher/lib/django-test-utils/test_project/polls/migrations '... +
Added model ' polls .
Poll ' +
Added model ' polls .
Choice ' Created 0001_initial.py .
Adding your fields ¶
As you can see , south knows how to add a migrations directory to your app and fill it up with the correct migration name .
Now lets go ahead and edit our model .
class Poll ( models .
Model ) : question = models .
CharField ( max_length = 200 ) pub_date = models .
DateTimeField ( ' date published ' ) slug = models .
SlugField ( null = True )
As you can see , we added a slug field .
It has to be null =True because we will be creating a lot of them , and they must be able to be null before we can add the data to them .
Now lets go ahead and create two migrations .
We want to add one that creates the field , and then we want to create one that fills out the slug from the question field .
$ ./ manage.py startmigration polls add_slug -- auto + Added field ' polls.poll.slug '
Created 0002_add_slug.py .
Writing your Data Migration ¶
This creates the migration that we want that allows us to add the field .
Now we go ahead and run startmigration again , just passing the app name .
This creates a stub migration for us , with the model serialized on the bottom , which allows us to just write the code we care about .
$ ./manage.py startmigration polls populate_slug_data Created 0003_populate_slug_data.py .
Note that it is a good practice to separate your migrations that effect your table structure and things that actually migrate data .
Now we go in to the migration and add in the code that migrates the data .
It will end up looking something along these lines .
from south.db import db from django.db import models from polls .
models import * from django.template .defaultfilters import slugify class Migration : def forwards ( self , orm ) : for poll in orm .
Poll .
objects . all ( ) : poll .
slug = slugify ( poll .
question ) poll . save ( ) def backwards ( self , orm ) : " Write your backwards migration here " for poll in orm .
Poll .
objects . all ( ) : poll . slug = " " poll . save ( ) ... Chopped for clarity ...
As you can see , the migration is really simple !
This uses a fake Django ORM ( which is just the real one , loaded a different way . )
Now you can go ahead and test out your fancy new migrations .
Running the migrations on your test data .¶
Now as you see , you have these fancy migrations that actually have n’t touched your database yet .
I ’m going to walk through the entire process of creating your database from the syncdb stage to the outputting of your shiny new test fixtures .
Setting up your test database ¶
So the whole point of this exercise is to be able to migrate your test fixtures the same way you do your real database .
This means that we simply load up a new version of our database with our test data , run our migrations , and serialize it back out , ready for our tests .
Go ahead and run syncdb on your project .
This will do all the normal things you ’re used to , except that at the bottom of the output , you ’ll see a message about things not being synced because of south : Synced : > django .
contrib .
auth ....
Not synced ( use migrations ) : - polls ( use ./ manage .
py migrate to migrate these )
Now we need to go ahead and get the polls data in our database at the point where our fixtures exist .
This means that we only want our initial data to be loaded .
So we go ahead and tell south to migrate to our first migration .
$ ./ manage.py migrate polls 0001 - Soft matched migration 0001 to 0001_initial .
Running migrations for polls : - Migrating forwards to 0001_initial . > polls : 0001_initial = CREATE TABLE " polls_poll " ( " id " integer NOT NULL PRIMARY KEY , " question " varchar ( 200 ) NOT NULL , " pub_date " datetime NOT NULL ) ; [ ] = CREATE TABLE " polls_choice " ( " id " integer NOT NULL PRIMARY KEY , " poll_id " integer NOT NULL , " choice " varchar ( 200 ) NOT NULL , " votes " integer NOT NULL ) ; [ ] = CREATE INDEX " polls_choice_poll_id " ON " polls_choice " ( " poll_id " ) ; [ ]
- Sending post_syncdb signal for polls : [ ' Poll ' ] - Sending post_syncdb signal for polls : [ ' Choice ' ]
Migrating your test data ¶
As you can see , this created out database table without the slug field .
This is good , because our fixture data does n’t include the slug field .
This is where things get a bit annoying .
The loaddata command uses the models that are on disk to check if the data loads correctly .
So you need to check out your code at the revision before the migrations were applied ( in our case , we can simply comment out the slug line ) .
Then you are able to go ahead and load your test data .
$ ./manage.py loaddata polls_testmaker Installing json fixture ' polls_testmaker ' from '/ Users/ericholscher/lib/django-test-utils/test_project/polls/fixtures '.
Installed 8 object (s ) from 1 fixture (s )
Then you can put the slug back in ( or check out the current version of your code ) .
Now you have your data in your database in the old un-migrated form .
Let ’s go ahead and migrate out test fixtures :) ./ manage .
py migrate polls Running migrations for polls : - Migrating forwards to 0003 _populate_slug_data . > polls : 0002 _add_slug = ALTER TABLE " polls_poll " ADD COLUMN " slug " varchar ( 50 ) NULL ; [ ] > polls : 0003 _populate_slug_data - Loading initial data for polls .
Now lets see if that worked .
Let ’s go ahead and run dumpdata and see what all you have .
./ manage .
py dumpdata polls -- indent = 4 [ { " pk " : 1 , " model " : " polls.poll " , " fields " : { " pub_date " : " 2007-04-01 00:00:00 " , " question " : " What 's up ? " , " slug " : " whats - up " } } , ... snip rest of data ...
You now have your migrated data fixture !
Hopefully everything worked for you , and that this works for larger examples other than this trivial example .
From HaskellWiki
Memoization is a technique for storing values of a function instead of recomputing them each time the function is called .
Memoization without recursion
You can just write a memoization function using a data structure that is suitable for your application .
We do n't go into the details of this case .
If you want a general solution for several types , you need a type class , say Memoizable .
memoize :: Memoizable a => ( a -> b ) -> ( a -> b )
Now , how to implement something like this ?
Of course , one needs a finite map that stores values b for keys of type a .
It turns out that such a map can be constructed recursively based on the structure of a :
Map ( ) b := b Map ( Either a a ' ) b := ( Map a b , Map a' b )
Map ( a , a ' ) b := Map a ( Map a' b )
Here , Map a b is the type of a finite map from keys a to values b .
Its construction is based on the following laws for functions
( ) -> b =~= b ( a + a ' ) -> b =~= ( a -> b ) × ( a ' -> b ) -- = case analysis ( a × a ' ) -> b =~= a -> ( a ' -> b ) -- = currying
For further and detailed explanations , see
Memoization with recursion
Things become more complicated if the function is recursively defined and it should use memoized calls to itself .
A classic example is the recursive computation of Fibonacci numbers .
The naive implementation of Fibonacci numbers without memoization is horribly slow .
Try slow_fib 30 , not too much higher than that and it hangs .
slow_fib :: Int ->
Integer slow_fib 0 = 0 slow_fib 1 = 1 slow_fib n = slow_fib ( n - 2 ) + slow_fib ( n - 1 )
The memoized version is much faster .
Try memoized_fib 10000 .
memoized_fib :: Int ->
Integer memoized_fib = ( map fib [ 0 .. ] !! ) where fib 0 = 0 fib 1 = 1 fib n = memoized_fib ( n - 2 ) + memoized_fib ( n - 1 )
Memoizing fix point operator
We can divide the functionality of memoized_fib into the actual calculation and the memoization .
To recombine the functionality , we will use ordinary function composition (. ) and the fix point operator fix ( cf. Data .
Function ) :
( . ) :: ( b -> c ) -> ( a -> b ) -> a -> c ( . ) f g = \ x -> f ( g x ) fix :: ( a -> a ) -> a fix f = let x = f x in x
For the calculation , we define the function fib , such that fix fib :: Int ->
Integer computes the fibonacci numbers .
fib :: ( Int -> Integer ) ->
Int ->
Integer fib f 0 = 1 fib f 1 = 1 fib f n = f ( n - 1 ) + f ( n - 2 )
Note , that the recursion is factored out to fix .
For the memoization , we write the function memoize .
We could also use the function memoizeInt from the next section for this purpose .
memoize :: ( Int -> a ) -> ( Int -> a ) memoize f = ( map f [ 0 .. ] !! )
Now , we have all the tools we need to build a memoizing fibonacci function .
fibMemo :: Int ->
Integer fibMemo = fix ( memoize . fib )
Let us replace fix by its definition , to see , why this works .
fibMemo = fix ( memoize . fib ) = let x = ( memoize . fib ) x in x = ( memoize . fib ) fibMemo = memoize ( fib fibMemo )
Assuming , fibMemo does indeed calculate the fibonacci numbers , it is a perfect candidate to be plugged into fib .
So , fib fibMemo :: Int ->
Integer also calculates the fibonacci numbers , but the first calculation step is done by fib instead of fibMemo itself .
Additionally , memoize is applied to introduce memoization .
Let us look at a small example to make the functionality more clear .
fibMemo 3 = memoize ( fib fibMemo ) 3 = map ( fib fibMemo ) [ 0 .. ] !!
3 -- Note :
The following step does not exactly follow lazy evaluation .
= fib fibMemo 0 : fib fibMemo 1 : fib fibMemo 2 : fib fibMemo 3 : map ( fib fibMemo ) [ 4 .. ] !!
3 = fib fibMemo 3 = fibMemo 2 + fibMemo 1 = fib fibMemo 2 + fibMemo 1 = ( fibMemo 1 + fibMemo 0 ) + fibMemo 1 -- Note : Because of the memoization , both “ fibMemo 1 ” terms refer to the same thunk , -- so it will only be evaluated once .
= ( fib fibMemo 1 + fibMemo 0 ) + fibMemo 1 = ( 1 + fibMemo 0 ) + fibMemo 1 = ( 1 + fib fibMemo 0 ) + fibMemo 1 = ( 1 + 0 ) + fibMemo 1 = 1 + fibMemo 1 -- Remember : “ fibMemo 1 ” was already evaluated , so we can directly replace it by its value .
= 1 + 1 = 2
As we can see , the whole calculation boils down to the definition of fib , while memoize introduces sharing of thunks .
Efficient tree data structure for maps from Int to somewhere
Here we present a special tree data type ( data - inttrie ) which is useful as memoizing data structure e.g. for the Fibonacci function .
memoizeInt :: ( Int -> a ) -> ( Int -> a ) memoizeInt f = ( fmap f ( naturals 1 0 ) !!! )
A data structure with a node corresponding to each natural number to use as a memo .
data NaturalTree a = Node a ( NaturalTree a ) ( NaturalTree a )
Map the nodes to the naturals in this order :
0 1 2 3 5 4 6 7 ...
Look up the node for a particular number
Node a tl tr !!!
0 = a Node a tl tr !!!
n = if odd n then tl !!!
top else tr !!! ( top - 1 ) where top = n ` div ` 2
We surely want to be able to map on these things ...
instance Functor NaturalTree where fmap f ( Node a tl tr ) = Node ( f a ) ( fmap f tl ) ( fmap f tr )
If only so that we can write cute , but inefficient things like the below , which is just a Natural Tree such that naturals !!!n == n :
naturals = Node 0 ( fmap (( + 1 ) . ( * 2 ) ) naturals ) ( fmap (( * 2 ) . ( + 1 ) ) naturals )
The following is probably more efficient ( and , having arguments wo n't hang around at top level , I think ) -- have I put more $! s than necessary ?
naturals r n = Node n ( ( naturals $ ! r2 ) $ ! ( n + r ) ) ( ( naturals $ ! r2 ) $ ! ( n + r2 ) ) where r2 = 2 * r
Memoising CAFS
Note :
This is migrated from the old wiki .
Memoising constructor functions gives you HashConsing , and you can sometimes use MemoisingCafs ( constant applicative forms ) to implement that .
The MemoisingCafs idiom also supports recursion .
Consider , for example :
wonderous :: Integer ->
Integer wonderous 1 = 0 wonderous x | even x = 1 + wonderous ( x ` div ` 2 ) | otherwise = 1 + wonderous ( 3 * x + 1 )
This function is not at all understood by mathematicians and has a surprisingly complex recursion pattern , so if you need to call it many times with different values , optimising it would not be easy .
However , we can memoise some of the domain using an array CAF :
wonderous2 :: Integer ->
Integer wonderous2 x | x <= maxMemo = memoArray !
x | otherwise = wonderous2 ' x where maxMemo = 100 memoArray = array ( 1 , maxMemo ) [ ( x , wonderous2 ' x ) | x <- [ 1 .. maxMemo ] ] wonderous2 ' 1 = 0 wonderous2 ' x | even x = 1 + wonderous2 ( x ` div ` 2 ) | otherwise = 1 + wonderous2 ' ( 3 * x + 1 )
When using this pattern in your own code , note carefully when to call the memoised version ( wonderous2 in the above example ) and when not to .
In general , the partially memoised version ( wonderous2 ' in the above example ) should call the memoised version if it needs to perform a recursive call .
However , in this instance , we only memoize for small values of x , so the branch of the recursion that passes a larger argument need not bother checking the memo table .
( This does slow the array initialization , however . )
Thanks to lazy evaluation , we can even memoise an infinite domain , though we lose constant time lookup .
This data structure is O ( log N ) :
type MemoTable a = [( Integer , BinTree a ) ] data BinTree a = Leaf a | Node Integer ( BinTree a ) ( BinTree a ) wonderous3 :: Integer ->
Integer wonderous3 x = searchMemoTable x memoTable where memoTable :: MemoTable Integer memoTable = buildMemoTable 1 5 buildMemoTable n i = ( nextn , buildMemoTable ' n i ) : buildMemoTable nextn ( i + 1 ) where nextn = n + 2 ^ i buildMemoTable ' base 0 = Leaf ( wonderous3 ' base ) buildMemoTable ' base i = Node ( base + midSize ) ( buildMemoTable ' base ( i - 1 ) ) ( buildMemoTable ' ( base + midSize ) ( i - 1 ) ) where midSize = 2 ^ ( i - 1 ) searchMemoTable x ( ( x ' , tree ) : ms ) | x < x ' = searchMemoTree x tree | otherwise = searchMemoTable x ms searchMemoTree x ( Leaf y ) = y searchMemoTree x ( Node mid l r ) | x < mid = searchMemoTree x l | otherwise = searchMemoTree x r wonderous3 ' 1 = 0 wonderous3 ' x | even x = 1 + wonderous3 ( x ` div ` 2 ) | otherwise = 1 + wonderous3 ( 3 * x + 1 )
Naturally , these techniques can be combined , say , by using a fast CAF data structure for the most common part of the domain and an infinite CAF data structure for the rest .
-- AndrewBromage
Memoizing polymorphic functions
What about memoizing polymorphic functions defined with polymorphic recursion ?
How can such functions be memoized ?
The caching data structures used in memoization typically handle only one type of argument at a time .
For instance , one can have finite maps of differing types , but each concrete finite map holds just one type of key and one type of value .
See the discussion on Memoizing polymorphic functions , part one and part two , as well as Memoizing polymorphic functions via unmemoization .
この記事は、http://d.hatena.ne.jp/higayasuo/20090612/1244772658 の「 Ctrl+1とCtrl+Spaceうんぬん」の話にインスパイアされて書いた。Eclipse可愛いよ。Eclipse。
記事長いから、さくっと読み飛ばして、アニメーションgifがあるところから読んでも十分訳にたつと思う。
あと、新人さんとかに写経させるのもいいかも。というか、半分ぐらいうちの新人に勉強のためと思って書いたから。で、実際に写経させて役にたった。
Java は
Eclipse などの IDE も含めて言語というか、環境というか…だと僕は思ってる。Commons ,
Maven なども含めたい（まぁ、そのあたりは、CPANも含めてperlだろ。とか、これは否定する人だらけだろうけど、Rails＝rubyということを言う人もいるよね）。
少なくとも僕は 、Eclipse を使うと格段に生産性が増す。また、現在 のEclipse は操作方法について多くを覚える必要はない。基本的には、次の2つのショートカットキーを覚えれば生産性が格段に増す。
- Ctrl + 1
- Ctrl +
Space
簡単に説明すると 、Ctrl+1 は Eclipse に空気を読んでもらって 「 あなたはこういう事がしたいんじゃないですか？」と提案してもらう機能。Ctrl +
Space は空気を読んだ補完をしてもらう機能だ。
Eclipse の空気読む能力はすばらしい。たまに Eclipse に俺は監視されてるんじゃないかと悩むときがあるぐらい。
そんな与太話は置いておいて、実際の Eclipse の生産性の高さを、足し算引き算などを行うCaluculatorクラスをTDDっぽく作成しながら説明しようと思う。上記2つのショートカットキー以外で便利なものも説明する。
この先の説明は以下の plugin を前提として説明するので、もし、この記事を見ながら同じことを試してみようと思う人は、入れておいてほしい。
- QuickJUnit ( http://quick-junit.sourceforge.jp/)
JUnit4.x系でテストを実行してるので、以下から
JUnit の最新をダウンロードしておいてほしい。
JUnit4 と hamcrest の使い方は調べて欲しい。今時 はJUnit4 系が普通ですよ。
http://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=15278&package_id=12472
Eclipse に 次の設定も行っている 。Preference ( 設定 ) の画面から 。( Special Thanks Yoshiori .
http://d.hatena.ne.jp/Yoshiori/20090417/1239959004)
[ Java ] - [ Editor ] - [ typing ] で
Automatically insert at correct position の Semicolons , Braces にチェック どこで 「 ; 」と「｛ 」 と「｝」押しても行末にいれてくれる
[ Java ] -[ Code Style ] - [ Organize Imports ] の
Number of static imports needed for .* を 1 にする import static org.junit.
Assert.* を展開しないように
さらに以下の設定も行う（設定多すぎるかｗ）
[ Java ] -[ Editor ] -[ Templates ] の
Name が [ Test ] のものを選択し て [ Edit ] を選んで元が以下のもの を
@ $ {testType:newType(org.junit.Test ) } public void $ {testname} ( ) throws Exception { $ {staticImport:importStatic ( ' org.junit.
Assert.* ' ) }$ {cursor} }
この記事の後のほうでも説明するが、テンプレート出力時に、hamcrest の
Matcher も static import されるように以下のように編集する 。
@ $ {testType:newType(org.junit.Test ) } public void $ {testname} ( ) throws Exception { $ {staticImport:importStatic ( ' org.junit.
Assert.* ' , ' org.hamcrest.CoreMatchers .* ' ) }$ {cursor} }
以下からは、実際の操作の説明。画像省略となっている箇所は、かなりはしょっているので、わからない人がいたらコメントくれれば画像か説明を足す。また、ショートカットキーのキーバインドはWinのもの。linux系は一緒だと思う。Macは割と違うので、俺のメモも参照
http://d.hatena.ne.jp/Yamashiro0217/20090418/1240023547
Java プロジェクトを作成する まずは Java プロジェクトを作成しよう 。Eclipse 上で 、Java プロジェクトを作成するには 、 「 Shift +Alt+N」を使う。Javaプロジェクトに限らないが、よく新規作成をするものはここから作成することができる。
「 Shift +Alt+N」から出てきたダイアログから、[ Java Project ] を選択しよ う
選択すると 、Javaプロジェクト作成ウィザードが開くので、プロジェクト名をきめて作成する。今回の例では「計算」というプロジェクト名とした（画像は省略）。
Testクラスを作成する 次に 、Testクラスを先に作成しよう 。Testクラスの作成 も「 Shift + Alt+N」を使う。 「 Shift +Alt+N」から出てきたダイアログから、[ JUnit Test Case ] を選択する。
JUnit Test Case ダイアログが開く。今回は JUnit4 で作成するので、一番上のラジオボタ ン「 New JUnit 4 test」を選択し、パッケージを「calc」を入力し、Nameに「CalculateTest」を入力する。
結果として JUnit の
Test クラスが作成され、エディタが開く（画像は省略）。
Test メソッドを作成す る Testクラスに Testメソッドを作成しよう 。Testメソッドを作成するには、クラスの内部で、「 Test」をうち、「 Ctrl +Space」を押す。
すると、補完候補が出てくる。補完候補の中に、「 Test - test method( JUnit4 ) 」というのが出てくるのでそれを選択すると、テストメソッドの雛形が作成される。
これは 、Eclipse の template の機能である。前述で 、[ Templates ] の[ Test ]
の編集を行ったのは、テストメソッドの雛形生成時に、hamcrest
の import も出るようにである。template は自由に編集できるし、また、可変にする場所などもいじれるので、自分のプロジェクトに特化するように編集、新規作成すると生産性が向上する。
templateの機能で、僕が一番使うのは、「sysout」だ。このテンプレートを使うと、sysoutで[ Ctrl+Space ]すれば「 System.out.println ( ) 」が出力される。
Test メソッドのテンプレートでは、testnameが可変になっているので、そのままテスト名称を変更する（この例のテスト名称は非常にダサいことは認識ずみｗ）。
Package Exploerer View に移動す る( Ctrl+3の活用 ) この状態のままだと 、JUnit の最新のjar がクラスパスにないので、コンパイルエラーになっている。これを解消するために、Package Exploerer View に移動して 、JUnit の jar をクラスパスに通す作業を行おう 。
Package Exploerer View に移動するのに 、Ctrl+3 を利用しよう 。Ctrl+3は 、View や、Menu などに Quick Access するためのアクションへのキーバインドである。実際に使っているところを見てみよう。以下のようになる。
Package Exploerer Viewに移動したので、「 BackSpace」で、選択を状態を上に移動できるので、これを使って、プロジェクトを選択している状態にして、プロジェクトのプロパティを表示させるキーバインドである[Alt+Enter]を実行しよう。（ここからはさすがにマウス使ったほうが早いと思う）[ Java Build Path ] を選択し 、 [ Libraries ] タブから [ Add External JARs ] で
JUnit の最新版の jar をクラスパスに含めて、もともとの Eclipse 標準の JUnit4 をはずす。以下のような状態になっていれば大丈夫である。
テストクラスのエディタに戻ろう。Ctrl+3で Quick Access ダイアログを開き、「 test」などと打つと先頭に「 CalculateTest」が選択肢にあらわれるので
Enter を押す( 画像省略） 。
Ctrl+3は本当に便利で、たとえば、Ctrl+3 の機能から 、Preference にもアクセスすることができる。たとえば前述の[ Organize Imports ] の設定を変えたいときには、[ Ctrl+3]を押して、出てくるダイアログで「Org」ぐらいまで打つと、選択肢が減るので、「 Preferences ]-[ Organize Imports ]
を選択すれば設定画面を表示することができる。
assert文を書くことで、テストメソッド内のフィールド、Calcurator クラス、add メソッドを Eclipse に空気を読ませて作成させる。 これから作成す るCalculatorクラスに対する assert文を書く。まず 、Calculatorクラスに add という、
第1引数と第2引数に渡した値を足し合わせて返すようなメソッドがあると想定して assert 文を書くと以下のとおりとなる。適宜、Ctrl+Spaceを押して補完している点も見て欲しい。また、前述した[typing
]の設定により、途中で「;」を押したときに文の最後にセミコロンが入力されることも注目して欲しい。
この状態で( エラーのある行で）、[ Ctrl+1]を押すと、Eclipse が空気を読んでくれる。いい感じに読んでくれる。上から選択肢が「calculator
というローカルフィールドを作りますか？」「calculator
というインスタンスフィールドを作りますか？」「calculatorというメソッドの仮引数を足しますか？」…ect
というものだ。ここでは、ローカルフィールドの作成を選択する。
慣れてくると、「 Eclipseさんきっとこういう提案してくれるますやろ？」ってのが感じられるので、選択肢から選ぶというより、指がそれを選んだりする。
自動生成されたコードのクラスだったり変数名をそのまま変更できるので、Tab を押して「 Object」となっているクラス名を変更し、Enterを押す（本来は、Escを押して、そこでカーソルをとめたほうが早いのだが、この先の説明のために、Enterでカーソルををassert文のある行に戻す）。
今の状態だと、カーソルがエラー行にない。エラーのある行で
Ctrl+1を押すと Eclipse が空気を読んでくれるので、エラーのある位置まで飛びたい。エラーのある位置まで飛ぶには、[ Ctrl+ , ]または[ Ctrl +. ]を使う([ Ctrl+ ]と表記したほうがいいのかも。だけどShiftは押さない ) 。
エラー行にジャンプするのがわかりやすい説明のために、画面キャプチャは3行ぐらい空白がある状態にした。で、[ Ctrl + , ]
で前のエラーに飛んで、Ctrl+1を押してみる。押すと、「クラス作る？インタフェース作る？それともゴハン？それともワ・タ・シ…etc」と聞いてくれるので、「 Create class Calculator」を選択してクラス生成ダイアログを開いてクラスを作成する（クラス作成ダイアログの画面は省略）。
クラス生成ダイアログでクラスを作った後は、作成したクラス( Calculator)にエディタのフォーカスが合うが、もとのクラスに戻りたいので、いずれかのショートカットを使って戻る。Quick JUnit を入れてあるので 、Quick JUnit の機能である 「 テスティングペアを開く」機能で戻ってみよう。ショートカットキーは「Ctrl+9」である。
押すと、以下のようなダイアログが出るはずである。
Quick JUnit は「 Hoge 」 からペアを開くときに は 「 HogeTest」を探すようになっている（ルールは設定で変えられるが）。今、我々が作ったクラスは、「Calculator」と「 CalculateTest」であるので、クラスが存在しないので、作成するかどうか
Quick JUnit が聞いてきてくれたのだ。これは非常に便利な機能だが、今回の目的には使えないので、「 Cancel」ボタンを押すか、Escしておこう。
では、どうやって 、CalculateTestのエディタに戻ろう？方法はいくつかある。たとえば、[ Ctrl + 3 ] で、 Quick Access を開く方法 、 [ Ctrl + E ] で現在開いてるエディタから選択する方法、[ Ctrl +
Shift + T ] でクラス名を指定して開くダイアログを表示させる方法、[ Ctrl +
Shift + R]で、クラスに限らずあらゆるリソース（ファイル）を指定して開く方法などがある。これらを一通り試してみて欲しい。
僕だったらこの場合は 、 [ Alt + ←]で戻る。この機能は、前回触っていた部分に戻る。という機能だ。逆に進みたいときは、[
Alt + → ]
が使える。操作箇所の移動に対する、Undo/Redo だと考えてもらえばよい。
[ Alt + ←] で戻ったら、add メソッドのところでコンパイルエラーになっている。当然である。作っていないのだから。カーソル位置から、[Ctrl+.]でaddがエラーになってる位置まで行って、[ Ctrl+1]を押すと、「メソッド作らないか？うほっ」と
Eclipse 君が気を使ってくれるので作成しよう。戻り値の型が
Object になっているが、さてどうしよう。簡略化のために、int の間の足し算だけできると過程して、タブを押して移動して int に変えておこう。ついでに、return null ; を return 0 ; に変更しておこう 。
この時点でまだコンパイルエラーが残っているようだ。CalculateTest に戻ってみよう。「 calculator」でエラーになっているようだ。[ Ctrl + 1 ] を押す と「 Initialize value」つまり変数が初期化されていないというエラーなので、実行して、さらに、コンストラクタを呼ぶように書き換えよう。このとき、[ Ctrl + Space ] で補完させることを忘れてはならない。
テストを実行する これでコンパイルエラーは全てなくなったはずである。さてテストを実行しよう！どうやって実行するかというと、Quick JUnit の機能を使う 。 [ Ctrl + 0 ]を押すことで、テストを実行することができる。テストメソッドのなかにいる場合は、そのテストだけを実行。メソッドの中でない場合は、テストクラス全体を実行してくれる。また、[ Ctrl +
Shift + 0 ] を実行することで Debug 実行を行える 。
さて、テストをすると、以下のようなエラーとなるはずである。
それもそのはずである。return 0 ; しているのであるから。とりあえずここでは、return
8 ; をしてテストを通すようにしよう（余談だがこれを
TDD で言うところの明白な実装と言う）。add メソッドの実装の中にジャンプするにはどうすればいいだろう。add までカーソルを持っていき 、F3 を押すことで、add メソッドに飛ぶことができる。マウスを使っているときは、Ctrlを押しながら、メソッド名を左クリックすることでそのメソッドの中身にジャンプすることができる。
さて、これでもう一度テストメソッドに戻ってテストを行うとテストが通るはずである。
リファクタリングを行う 最後に、リファクタリングを行おう。例えば add メソッドの名前を変更し てsumに変えてみよう。add メソッドの呼び出し部分で 、 [ Alt + Shift + R]でその場で名前を変更することができる。
このようにして、その場でメソッド名を変更することができる。このとき、当然、Calculator.java
のメソッド名も sum になっている 。
今回はTDDの勉強ではないので、プログラムはここまでとする。
From space to an ocean 's depths : How Kathy Sullivan became the world 's most vertical woman
She was part of NASA 's first group of female astronauts and the first US woman to conduct a space walk .
But in 2020 , she set an entirely new world record .
A MICROCHIP - sized digital camera patented by the California Institute of Technology could provide vision for the US military ’s insect - sized aircraft .
It is light enough to be carried by these tiny surveillance drones and also uses very little power .
In today ’s minicams , the image sensors and support circuitry are on separate microchips , and most of the power goes on communication between the chips .
Now with Pentagon and NASA funding , Caltech ’s Jet Propulsion Lab in Pasadena has squeezed all the components of a camera onto one low - power chip , revealed in a US patent filed last week ( www.tinyurl.com/ojwmdq).
The gadget can be …
How to Keep Bad Moods From Taking You Over
Photo by r.f.m II
Well , it happens sometimes .
I find myself in a lousy mood .
Hard to say where it started , but it certainly has something to do with not getting much sleep Saturday night .
I had big plans for Sunday , but the day was compromised by my zombie state .
I think my IQ shrunk about thirty points from normal , for the whole day .
I did everything wrong .
I cooked badly , I conversed badly , I wrote badly .
My funk cruised on through today too .
Work was a real slog , even though everything I needed to do was easy .
I was working outside , which I normally enjoy .
I wanted to go home .
I wanted some Belgian chocolate .
I wanted the Sun to f**k off .
Today I was going to write a more in - depth post on another topic , but when I sat down to do it , it was like pulling teeth .
I know I could have churned out something , but it would have been a crusty , callous little post .
I just could n’t resonate with what I was had planned to write about , so I asked myself The Big Question : “ Given my dreams and goals in life , what is honestly the smartest way to spend my next 30 minutes ? ”
My answer came : Write about what you can resonate with right now .
So I decided to put my crap mood to good use .
The Nature of the Beast
Low moods are a bizarre animal .
They ’re like a nasty drug that hijacks your thoughts and robs you of your intuition and perspective .
They make bad things look bigger and good things look smaller .
It ’s as if they have their own demented gravity , drawing annoyances and inconveniences — not to mention the crappy moods of other people — out of the woodwork towards you .
Foul moods do n’t seem to emanate from any particular source , or line of thought , they just waft into your headspace when you ’re disappointed and vulnerable .
They cast a pervasive dullness on the people you meet and the places you visit , and the things you think about .
Mine is currently sucking the excitement out of certain upcoming events that normally thrill me to think about .
My big travel plans , my growing new blog ( which is , as I type , having its busiest traffic day ever ) and my newly blossoming friendships are all lending me very little joy at this particular moment .
Because my mood sucks .
C’est la vie .
Thankfully I ’ve learned to recognize what it means to be in a bad mood , and usually I can remember what to do about it .
Above all else , a bad mood means I ’ve lost perspective .
I ca n’t see clearly , and I know it .
In a bad mood , the thinking mind sticks around ( sometimes it even goes into overdrive ) but wisdom seems to slink away when you ’re not looking .
The highest properties of the mind — intuition , compassion , patience and acceptance — slip quietly out the door like bored houseguests .
Today , even when I looked for them in my head , even when I knew they were exactly what I needed to get back on track , I just could n’t locate them .
Simply understanding this “ wisdom - loss ” phenomenon inherent to bad moods goes a long way .
It explains why everything looks so bad .
Perspective becomes impaired , but you ca n’t actually see that while it is happening .
You just have to remember that bad moods bend things towards the negative end .
Part of the impairment is that your mind tells you your negative outlook is completely warranted .
When you simply remind yourself that you are temporarily missing certain important mental qualities , you can consciously defer any bigger decisions and actions until you have your whole mind working for you again .
The most important thing I ever learned about moods is this :
Your mood does not represent the state of your life , but it pretends to .
Looking objectively at the state of my life right now , it ’s spectacular .
I ’m young , in good health , I have friends coming out of my ears , I ’ve finally got a long - needed creative outlet , I ’m gearing up for an epic trip this fall , I ’m generally unfettered by debt , and I even do n’t mind my day job .
But my bad mood does n’t care .
It does n’t see any value in those things .
I feel no swell of excitement when I think about them .
I still want to lay down and put my head under a pillow .
Emotionally , it feels like my dreams have plowed into the guardrail .
Bottomed out and spewing smoke .
Wrecked .
In the past I would have trusted this feeling , and made decisions based on it .
I would have pictured an unrealistically bleak future , convinced myself it was well on its way towards me , and panicked accordingly .
But now I know bad moods make for unreliable assessments .
Tomorrow , all the same things will look different .
This I know from experience .
The Role of Physical Interference
I have learned a lot about how to be calm and patient under normal circumstances , but I find physical interference erodes this very quickly .
By physical interference I ’m referring to any physical discomfort ( such as an upset stomach , excessive heat or cold , or hunger pangs ) or any mental impairment ( such as lack of sleep or the effects of alcohol . )
When your body is screaming for something , patience and acceptance are much more difficult to achieve .
Have you ever had someone trap you in a long - winded conversation when you have to pee really bad ?
No matter how patient a listener you are normally , you probably are n’t going to be too receptive .
Physical bodily distress overrides all of your other priorities .
It ’s just mother nature looking out for you .
No time for the luxury of a good mood when you ’ve neglected your body .
For this reason , I found it very difficult to be mindful and appreciative at work today because my head was sluggish and heavy and I desperately wanted to be horizontal .
Physical interference will probably undermine pretty much anything you do to recover from your mood , until you can satisfy the body ’s needs .
The other day I caught the end of a segment on CBC radio where they were discussing happiness .
The guest was familiar to me : blogger Gretchen Rubin , from The Happiness Project .
As a parting question , the interviewer asked for the one most important tip she would give people for achieving happiness .
Her answer was to get adequate sleep .
If I was n’t convinced then , I am after today .
The body ’s fundamental needs have to be taken care of before one can hope to be stable emotionally .
Recovering from bad moods
The first step is simply to acknowledge you are in a bad mood .
Here ’s a litmus test : if you ca n’t get excited about something you are normally excited about , you ’re in a bad mood .
Remind yourself that your perspective is currently limited , and that your faculties of wisdom are currently impaired or dormant .
Remember that any visions you have of the future are going to look unreasonably bleak , any assessments you make are going to be distorted towards the negative .
As a bonus , other people are going to seem more annoying than they really are .
So take all your judgments with a grain of salt .
Attending to your body ’s needs is a sensible first step to responding to a bad mood .
Understand , though , the difference between what your body needs and what your mind wants .
Your weary body might want sleep , while your flustered mind wants Häagen - Dazs .
There is a fine line between mental wants and bodily needs , but it can be hard to see .
To determine what your body is asking for , focus your attention on the physical sensations in your body : observe what your stomach feels like , what your breathing feels like , what your head feels like .
Scan the body by closing your eyes and noticing the sensations .
Any needs should become apparent , and while your attention is on your body , your mind will be quiet .
A Warning
It is very tempting ( and common ) to treat bad moods by indulging one ’s wants .
The Häagen - Dazs approach is self - comfort , not self - love .
Beware of this phenomenon : bad moods make you wanty .
I say wanty instead of needy because often wants masquerade as genuine needs .
In my experience , bad moods usually spawn a very strong want for comfort .
This can be a spectacularly intense desire — it is crucial to handle it sensibly .
If we choose to respond with some sort of indulgence , addiction is a very real danger .
Most of us have a favorite way of responding to this comfort - lust , and depending on how conditioned we are to it , it can be a killer .
Some people shop themselves into hopeless debt .
Some drink themselves into ruined health and relationships .
Some eat until they are ashamed and sick .
Some throw tantrums and punch walls .
Some stare into the television for four hours straight .
All of us do something to respond to the desire for comfort , and most often it has some sort of cost .
Once a pattern emerges , it can become more and more insidious and even completely derail someone ’s life .
The shame of indulging in a comfort habit can reinforce a bad mood , and very often it becomes self - perpetuating .
Lives can be taken over and destroyed by it .
Watch an episode of Intervention if you do n’t know what that looks like .
Think about how you normally respond to the desire for comfort .
What does it cost you ?
What could you do instead that does n’t have such a cost ?
Bad moods will come and go your whole life .
Do n’t let them rob you each time .
There is no limit to the number of bad moods you can have , so there is no limit to the amount of money , physical health and self - respect you can lose .
Find another way to behave in those situations .
Take a walk , visit a friend , pick up a book , work out , go learn something … anything but give up money or health to this bad mood .
In any case , indulging the lust for comfort usually just prolongs the funk by making you feel like you need more of that indulgence to push it away again .
Ugly moods pass more quickly when you acknowledge them , let them visit you for a bit , and avoid chasing them away with indulgence .
Remember some guidelines : Defer big decisions until you ’re in a better headspace .
Take all of your assessments — of people and of situations — with a grain of salt .
Do not trust any visions you have of the future , or any assessments of your ability , worth or potential .
There is just so much there you just ca n’t see .
Beware of assigning blame .
Similar to “ Do n’t drink and drive ” is “ Do n’t fret and decide . ”
Wait until you sober up .
Sleep it off .
The main rule of thumb is this : know it will be gone soon , and do as little harm as possible in the mean time .
And now I feel fine again .
Look at that .
A Raptitude Community Finally !
Raptitude is now on Patreon .
It 's an easy way to help keep Raptitude ad - free .
In exchange you get access to extra posts and other goodies .
Join a growing community of patrons .
Finally !
Raptitude is now on Patreon .
It 's an easy way to help keep Raptitude ad - free .
In exchange youand other goodies .
Join a growing community of patrons .
[ See what it 's all about ]
( CNN ) --
Police said they are pursuing leads in the death of 8 - year - old Sandra Cantu , whose body was found Monday stuffed into a suitcase in a dairy - farm pond near her Tracy , California , home .
Sandra Cantu , 8 , disappeared March 27 .
Her body was found at a dairy - farm pond near her Calilfornia home .
" We are heading in a direction , " Tracy police Sgt. Tony Sheneman told reporters .
" To comment on that would compromise the investigation , and I can't do that . "
A search warrant was executed at the Tracy mobile home park where the girl lived , and a related search was to be conducted Tuesday at a nearby church , he said .
He implied more than one person may have been involved in the death of Sandra , who had been missing since March 27 .
" Investigators are looking at additional information they received since yesterday and , hopefully , that will lead us to Sandra 's killers , " he said .
Asked if his use of the plural meant police were looking for more than one person , he responded , " We have no specific suspects , ma'am . "
Sheneman also implied the killer likely was familiar with the location where the body was found .
He said he himself was unfamiliar with the location where the girl 's body was found , despite having lived in the community for nearly 12 years .
" Someone would have to be familiar with that area to know to go there , " he said .
Watch how the suitcase was found »
Sheneman said police had no one in custody , despite having interviewed hundreds of people regarding the case .
" Everyone that we speak to right now is being considered a person of interest , " he said .
" We 're not eliminating anyone . "
The autopsy was being conducted Tuesday , but it was not clear when the report would be available .
" It 's going to be some time before we hear from the coroner , " Sheneman said .
" I can't tell you when that 's going to be . "
More than 10 search warrants have been executed as part of the investigation and " a lot " of evidence has been recovered , Sheneman said .
The day Sandra was last reported seen , she returned home from school , kissed her mother and left to play with a friend who lives nearby .
A short time later , wearing a pink Hello Kitty T - shirt and black leggings , she left to go to another friend 's home , according to a family spokeswoman .
Police said Monday the girl 's clothing helped them identify the body .
All About Murder and Homicide
The legislation requires Web hosting companies to post " stop " signs when internet users try to access child pornography sites .
The bill still has to go through several stages before it becomes law .
The motion has been the subject of a protest petition , with opponents claiming it is a first step towards Internet censorship .
The petition has gathered 130,000 signatures calling for the bill to be scrapped .
The proposed law has been promoted by Family Affairs Minister Ursula von der Leyen , who claimed it was an " important sign from society .
" We in Germany wo n't stand for it any longer that images of children being raped can be called up on the Web , " said Leyen .
Lawmakers modified the bill to respond to the criticism and added a sunset clause whereby the legislation would expire after three years .
Others claimed that the bill did not go far enough in restricting access to child pornography .
Internet users will still be able to access child pornography sites even after the stop sign appears , but they will have to click through the warning , which informs them that viewing child pornography is a crime .
Once the legislation passes , police officials will have to draw up a list of Web sites that feature child pornography and send the list to all telecommunications companies .
The bill also requires Germany 's chief privacy commissioner , Peter Schaar , to regularly view the lists .
Schaar has opposed this , saying it is not his job .
av / AP/dpa
Editor : Rick Demarest
Agency Widespread interest for the 2nd European CubeSat Workshop 23/01/2009 1017 views 0 likes
The Second European CubeSat Workshop , organised by the ESA Education Office , was held at the European Space Technology and Research Centre ( ESTEC ) in the Netherlands from 20 to 22 January 2009 .
Following the success of a similar workshop in 2008 , there was an even higher level of interest shown by universities and students for this year ’s event , with more than 200 participants representing universities from many countries .
The first day of the workshop programme included a series of talks about the status of the nine CubeSats that will be launched as a secondary payload on the maiden flight of Europe 's Vega launch vehicle – a flight opportunity offered to universities by the ESA Education Office , in cooperation with the Agency 's Launchers Directorate .
Workshop participant
The remaining days were devoted to numerous presentations from university professors and students who have already flown CubeSats or are in the process of developing these innovative little spacecraft .
The speakers provided an overview of the educational , scientific , and technological objectives that can be met by involvement in a CubeSat programme .
The workshop also offered participants the opportunity to meet groups from different countries and backgrounds , to share ideas , and ask questions of experts in the field .
One of the highlights of the meeting was an opportunity to have a guided tour of the ESTEC test facilities and the Erasmus Centre .
CubeSats CubeSat Model
In addition to organising the workshop , the ESA Education Office sponsored some of the students participating in CubeSat teams from ESA Member or Cooperating States so that they could attend the event and present the results of their work .
CubeSats are pico-satellites of standardised dimensions ( cubes of 10 cm per side , with a maximum mass of 1 kg ) .
They are being used more and more frequently by universities as an educational tool that offers hands - on experience to aerospace engineering students in designing , testing , and operating a spacecraft system and its ground segment .
There were certainly times over the past few days that I was n't sure if we were going to get anything useful released to stable branches in our Subversion repository for our planned release of Fost 4 today .
The intention is now to work towards a release every three months ( on the 21st of March , June , September and December ) .
We may also put out additional service releases on the 21st of other months .
The current status page shows a number of useful aspects of the libraries that are stable right now .
There 's a load of good stuff in there , but the really interesting bits are those that are not yet stable — especially the new database abstractions that are going in to the O / RM .
The new O / RM layer is n't really an object / relational mapping at all , it 's more than that .
The database drivers abstract things at a much higher level which means that we can support non-relational databases as well .
There 's a JSON database included that is fully transactional and works with the same object persistence database driver API that the Postgres and Microsoft SQL drivers implement .
And as we 're eating our own dogfood this web site and several others are running on a Fost 4 base , although most of the top part of the web stack is still FOST.3 ™ .
As well as making extensive use of the stable parts of the stack , the web sites are also using much of the more experimental code , for example the new database drivers .
Welcome to CheapCooking !
I started this site back in 2002 to help people learn how to save money on groceries by cooking from scratch , using up leftovers , and shopping wisely .
If you quickly need some help , read my Quick Start page on saving money and planning meals and my article on Ten Ways to Save Money on Food .
You ’ll learn how to cook dried beans , sure , but you ’ll also learn how to plan menus , how to organize and store food in the refrigerator and pantry , how to cook ahead for the freezer .
And of course there are lots of recipes !
As of Nov. 1 , 2019 , Miller Heiman Group is now part of Korn Ferry .
Read the press release .
Miller Heiman Group was born from decades of sales and service experience and performance .
We meticulously work to help sellers stay one step ahead of industry disruption , growing competition and complex deals .
Our legacy sales training solutions have helped to define a complex , multifaceted industry that sees fads come and go - and our programs have withstood the forces of constant change .
Why ?
Because we deliver results , no matter how complicated business gets .
Today , we offer expansive training , consulting , research and technology solutions that continue to define the modern approach to sales and service .
We align process , people , tools , data and analytics to do what we 've always done : empower today 's sellers for tomorrow 's opportunities .
We spent some enjoyable time earlier this week playing with TweetPsych , a site that puts linguistic analysis algorithms to work figuring out just what 's with the most compulsive Twitter users out there .
Currently in beta , the for - entertainment - only analysis still provided us with some amusing insight into Twitter talk -- and into the brains of three Betanews staffers .
The site , developed by Dan Zarrella of HubSpot ( home of the addictive Twitter Grader ) , builds a " psychological profile " of a given Twitter user based on his or her last 1,000 tweets by running the text against two algorithms that look not at what topics people are talking about but at the cognitive processes they seem to be using .
The RID ( Regressive Imagery dictionary ) algorithm sifts texts for their primary ( free - form , associative , creative ) , secondary ( logical , problem - solving ) , and emotional content , while the LIWC ( Linguistic Inquiry and Word Count ) algorithm matches words against 82 language categories that can roughly estimate the writer 's mindset .
The LIWC is a widely used linguistics database ; the RID is less so .
Your reporter is one of those people who stubbornly refuses to read her daily horoscope , as her day is already filed with enough vague bunkum .
( I 'm in the media , after all . )
Still , getting to know my colleagues via an online application is much more convenient than having conversations with them or even reading their tweetstreams , so I happily shoved a couple of co-workers 's usernames into the maw of the site .
Advertisement
Co-worker # 1 -- no names , let 's call him Tate -- is actually a mediocre candidate for Tweet Psych analysis , as he has tweeted just 703 times .
( The service works best with at least 1,000 tweets to crunch . )
Still I persevered .
According to TweetPsych , that 's what Tate would do ; the analysis describes him as someone who tweets more than the average person about work , cognitive processes , and the past and future .
He 's also apt to post insights and use similes in his tweets .
He makes a lot of temporal references -- typical publisher -- and engages in a lot of abstract thought and constructive behaviors .
He thinks about glory and moral imperatives , and the guy 's a little anxious .
Amused , I looked at another staffer , whom we 'll call Jim .
Jim is a slacker -- not according to the analysis , but according to his pitiful history of just 41 tweets .
( Sorry , Jim , I know you probably have a life or something . )
I threw him in anyway , and Tweet Psych did what it could ; it tells us Jim also talks a lot about time and motion , along with sensations , particularly audio and taste sensations .
( It also says he has an oral fixation , but that most likely comes from tweeting about food and cigarettes and sore throats . )
And your reporter ?
I swear a lot , but that 's not news .
I talk a lot about cognitive processes , speak more of the past than of the future , use a number of similes and metaphors , and tend to tweet abstract thoughts more than items of temporal import .
I 'm more social than my co-workers ( on Twitter I certainly am , with 1,687 tweets so far ) and I 'm more likely to express affection or positive feelings -- when I 'm not swearing , and sometimes when I am .
The analysis also delivers a short list of other Twitter users who " think like you . "
I found its results remarkably useful , giving me five remarkably well - chosen follow recommendations .
Interestingly , one of the five recommended Twitter users is a friend of a friend with whom I lost touch years ago .
The head - shrinking was all in good fun , though nothing I 'd take much more seriously than those unread daily horoscopes .
But a recommendation engine so specific and fine is worth further scrutiny .
Twitter has experimented over the past few months with ways to get new users following high - profile Twitter users they might enjoy , even as reports indicate that most users try the service once or twice and drop out .
Right now Tweet Psych works best with a frequent user such as myself , but what if new users could write a paragraph or so about themselves and get back highly personalized suggestions ?
Seen in that light , Tweet Psych is an intriguing glimpse into one possible direction for the highly hyped , yet weirdly underutilized , microblogging service .
The Fight Night Round 4 demo is now available on the PSN for those of us that scored a pre-order code from your local GameStop .
The demo went live for Australia and European PS3 owners yesterday and this evening it was realesed on the North American PSN .
Still no sign of the demo on XBOX Live , but it is still scheduled for sometime on the 14th .
After playing the demo for several hours , both against the CPU and against another player , it definitely delivers a satisfying punch .
The demo sports some nice features from the full game , like a replay editor that allows you to save and upload replays to EASportsWorld.com .
Total Punch Control using the right analog stick is now the only way to punch , say goodbye to button mashing .
[ youtube ] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOmGfAizmKY[/youtube]
Ricky Hatton & Manny Pacquiao toe to toe
The tutorial runs first when you launch the demo , so you do n’t have to go in blind .
In the tutorial , you are Ricky and the trainer is telling you how to fight Manny , blood and spit flies during your training rounds .
The damage can be clearly seen on Manny ’s face as the tutorial teaches you jabs , hooks , crosses , body shots , haymakers , and counters .
Blocking is taught as well so pay close attention to the trainer .
What he is teaching you may save your brain in the ring .
If you enjoyed Fight Night Round 3 , the demo leads me to believe that Round 4 definitely will not disappoint .
See you in the ring .
Wenn
Sie jetzt gerade nach einer Möglichkeit suchen , wo Sie schnell und unkompliziert einen Handelsregisterauszug oder auch weitere Dokumente von einem der regionalen Handelsregister in Deutschland abrufen können , dann sind Sie hier richtig !
Zunächst : Welche Unternehmen werden überhaupt in das Handelsregister eingetragen ?
Eingetragen werden Kapitalgesellschaften ( HRB ) und Personengesellschaften ( HRA ) , Privatpersonen oder Freiberufler sind hier hingegen nicht eingetragen , ebensowenig Selbstständige und Gewerbetreibende , die lediglich einen inhabergeführten Gewerbebetrieb betreiben .
Welche Informationen enthält ein typischer Handelsregisterauszug ?
Diese Angaben werden aufgeführt : Firma (= Name der Gesellschaft ) , Sitz bzw .
Anschrift , Geschäftsgegenstand , Höhe des Stammkapitals , vertretungsberechtigte Personen ( Vorstand , Geschäftsführer , Prokuristen ) und natürlich die jeweilige Rechtsform : GmbH , AG , KG , OHG , e.K. UG und Zweigniederlassungen von Firmen ausländischen Rechts ( z.B. Ltd. , s.r.o. ) .
Die Gesellschafter sind nur bei Personengesellschaften ( HRA ) mit auf dem Handelsregisterauszug aufgeführt , bei Kapitalgesellschaften ( HRB ) hingegen müssen diese Angaben der separaten Gesellschafterliste entnommen werden : Gesellschafterliste anfordern
Welche Unterschiede gibt es bei den verschiedenen Auszugsformen ?
a ) aktueller Handelsregisterauszug
Es wird nur der tagaktuelle Eintragungsstand im Handelsregister auf dem Handelsregisterauszug angezeigt , so wie er also zum Zeitpunkt des Abrufes gültig ist .
Daher sind keine früheren bzw .
gelöschten Eintragungen darauf nicht ersichtlich .
b ) chronologischer Handelsregisterauszug
Es werden alle Veränderungen der letzten Jahre chronologisch und in Tabellenform geordnet angezeigt ( also auch die gelöschten Angaben ) .
Diese Auszugsform endet mit dem aktuellen Stand .
c ) historischer Handelsregisterauszug
Dieser Auszug zeigt das alte Handelsregisterblatt mit Eintragungen , die ca 2006 enden , also dem Zeitpunkt , wo das elektronische Handelsregister eingeführt wurde .
Seitdem wurde dieser Auszug also nicht mehr weitergeführt .
Der Auszug , welcher zeitlich daran anschließt ist der chronologische Handelsregisterauszug .
Dann gibt es auch noch einen Unterschied zwischen :
– amtlich ( früher : “ beglaubigt ” )
– Abdruck bzw .
Ausdruck ( früher : ” unbeglaubigt ” )
Alle 3 Auszugsformen können also in beglaubigter oder unbeglaubigter Form erteilt werden .
Was ist bei einer Bestellung jetzt noch zu beachten ?
Ein hier bestellter Handelsregisterauszug wird Ihnen innerhalb der angegebenen Bearbeitungszeit per e-mail im PDF - Format übermittelt , ebenso die Rechnung , denn Sie müssen hier keine Vorauskasse leisten .
Ein beglaubigter Handelsregisterauszug , ggf. auch noch mit Apostille , kann allerdings nur per Post geliefert werden wegen der Siegelung .
Dann gilt hier auch , dass es immer kostenlos für Sie bleibt , wenn kein Handelsregisterauszug oder andere bestellte Dokumente geliefert werden können .
Das kann z.B. passieren , wenn die Firma nicht bzw .
noch nicht eingetragen ist .
Wenn
Sie jetzt einen Handelsregisterauszug oder auch weitere Dokumente aus dem Handelsregister bestellen wollen , dann füllen Sie bitte diese Formularfelder aus .
Ein Abo gehen
Sie damit nicht ein , ebensowenig gibt es irgendwelche Folgekosten .
We ’ve all heard that E3 was going to let hired cleavage back into the show floor .
There did n’t seem to be a lot of them today , but here are the booth babes we found :
Published online 3 June 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.542
Corrected online :
News
Simon Singh to contest judge 's pretrial decision on article meaning .
Simon Singh .
Wikimedia Commons
Science writer Simon Singh will apply Monday to appeal an early ruling in the libel case brought against him by the British Chiropractic Association ( BCA ) , he announced yesterday at a press conference in London .
High Court judge Mr Justice Eady ruled in early May that Singh 's article in The Guardian last year could be interpreted by readers as meaning that the BCA knowingly promotes medical treatments that do not work .
The ruling was a response to a pretrial request for clarification about the meaning of Singh 's article from both sides in the libel case .
Singh and his lawyers argue that Eady 's ruling mischaracterizes Singh 's article , making the libel case unwinnable .
Today 's announcement to fight the ruling came after weeks of deliberation .
" The court of appeals does n't like to overturn rulings on meaning , " Singh admitted , " but I 'm in the incredibly privileged position that I can defend this .
I have a bank account that can support me ; I have a wife who 's very supportive ; I have friends and family and scientists around me who support me .
" In a way I have a duty to do this because if I can't do it I do n't think anybody else can , " he added .
If his appeal is denied , Singh says he and his counsel are prepared to take their case to the European Court of Human Rights .
Chilling effect ?
Singh made the announcement alongside Tracey Brown from the non-profit lobby group Sense About Science , which is coordinating a broader campaign to keep English libel laws out of scientific debates .
Brown warned that English libel law may stifle open debates .
" In the past , scientists often did n't deign to [ speak publicly ] ; now there 's a risk they wo n't dare to , " she said .
In fact , moderators of Nature Network — a social networking site for scientists hosted by Nature Publishing Group — recently removed a post from a discussion of the Singh case for legal reasons .
" English libel law is strict — many say too strict — and if we take down a post then it is because we believe it to be in the interests of all concerned , " wrote Timo Hannay , publishing director of nature.com , in a subsequent post explaining the removal .
ADVERTISEMENT
Sense About Science will release a statement later today calling for " a full review of the way that English libel law affects discussions about scientific and medical evidence " .
The statement is signed by prominent academics and journalists , including David King , the UK government 's former chief scientific adviser , and Nature 's editor - in - chief , Philip Campbell , as well as novellists and entertainers .
Members of Parliament from the Liberal Democrat , Conservative and Labour parties released a statement of support for a change in English libel law , which they described as having a " chilling effect " on medical and scientific debate .
The House of Commons Culture , Media and Sport Committee is currently inquiring into libel law , and Brown said she hoped that Singh 's case , and the Sense About Science campaign , would add pressure to change the law .
For now , though , Singh compares English libel trials to a high - stakes poker game that favours the rich : " If the other person on the other side of the table has got more money and is willing to keep going … it 's not a way to run journalism and it's not a way to run science . "
Crazy Sheriff Joe Arpaio -- who is currently under investigation by the Justice Department for his wanton racial profiling as the chief law - enforcement officer in Maricopa County , Arizona -- was on Neil Cavuto 's Fox News program yesterday to talk about the swine flu outbreak and how it 's being caused by illegal immigrants .
( For some reason , Cavuto did n't bother to mention the DOJ investigation . )
Cavuto :
Should we close the border .
There are many folks who say , Enough is enough , let 's close the border .
Arpaio :
Well , I 'll tell you one thing right now , we should be stopping and inspecting and searching every vehicle coming across that border .
Washington is not talking about all the illegal immigrants coming into our country , they 're talking about checking at the airports and at the ports .
Why are they not talking about all the illegals that circumvent that area coming into the United States ? [ snip ]
Arpaio : I 'm going to say it again : My deputies arrested 900 human smugglers .
Guess what ?
Ninety percent have come through the Mexico bordering states into our country .
It takes seven days to come from Mexico City to our county -- seven days ' incubation period .
We have 28,000 people we checked into jails .
We have TB , we have chicken pox , and a majority have come from south of the border .
So we have a problem with this illegal immigration .
Cavuto :
So if you 're right , and this disease takes awhile to incubate and show itself , you could have many , many more cases than are being reported now .
Arpaio : Yeah , but once again , I 'm saying , I 'm not just blaming illegal immigration .
I 'm concerned Washington is not talkin ' about it !
Why do n't they talk about all those that evade the checkpoint ?
Someone should be checking them out !
Cavuto :
And you do n't think we 're doing enough of that .
Arpaio : Nobody 's talkin ' about it !
Nobody 's bringing up the illegal immigration and all those hundreds of thousands who sneak into our country that could be diseased .
Yeah , nobody 's talking about it -- except every right - wing nutcase on the planet !
Media Matters has much more , plus a video :
This is , of course , classic eliminationist rhetoric : Associate the target with disease and its spread .
And in case Sheriff Joe is confused :
The reason responsible officials do n't bring the subject up is that it is nothing but irresponsible scapegoating , with the potential for causing real harm to be inflicted on immigrants because of fears they might be " diseased . "
Not that Sheriff Joe has ever been concerned about that .
The irresponsibility was underlined this morning when the Wall Street Journal reported that two of the very first cases of swine flu have now been traced to California .
If the disease originated here in the USA , we do n't exactly have room to be pointing fingers at Mexico .
Bamboo : Evan , can you tell us a bit about your job , and what you do ?
Evan : Well , currently my position is Manager of Brand Protection and Rights Enforcement with Funimation Entertainment .
Among other things , I manage Funimation 's " Infringement Specialists " and guide Funimation 's enforcement activities .
I should note , though , that many of the decisions of which brands to protect most stringently at which times and on which sites , come from Marketing .
Sara : Can I ask what " Infringement Specialist " means ?
Evan : Sure .
An Infringement Specialist is one who polices the web at large for instances of infringement against our intellectual property .
Bamboo :
What do their " enforcement activities " consist of ?
Evan :
Well , part of their duties include policing websites that stream user - generated content , such as YouTube , Megavideo , Veoh , Dailymotion and MySpace .
Additionally , they monitor forums that discuss fansubbing , as well as fansubbing sites themselves , IRC channels , torrent sites , direct download sites , linkdumps ( usually blogs ) , etc .
If sites ever seem too clean , they can always hit the search engines to look for more .
With new titles we 're fairly proactive like that .
Beyond that , they check out dozens of pirate sites submitted by fans .
Bamboo :
With digital distribution at the forefront now ( online streams , iTunes downloads , XBox marketplace ) , has your job changed at all ?
Are there new challenges to deal with ?
Evan : Not particularly .
I 've only been involved for about a year and a half .
I have n't seen serious shifts in the industry in that period .
Bamboo :
Some of the arguments that fans still have regarding online streaming is that it's often restricted to users in certain countries .
Is that something from the licensor 's side , or is that something Funimation asked for ?
Evan :
That mandate comes from the licensors .
But unfortunately , U.S. companies usually take the blame for it .
I get the sense that all major content owners , even beyond anime , structure their agreements in similar ways — any given agreement will be restricted to certain territories .
Sara :
In terms of how this affects with policing , does your infringement team police non-North American fansub and streaming sites ?
Evan : Absolutely , but only if the content is made available to the U.S. or another territory within our license agreements .
Sara :
And what happens if you find illegal content on a foreign country 's site ?
Do you deal with it the same way ?
Evan :
We deal with foreign sites a little different because the Digital Millenium Copyright
Act does n't really apply outside the U.S. Luckily , there are some international agreements ( Berne Convention , WIPO Treaty ) that give us some authority in foreign jurisdictions .
Depending on the country , foreign hosts are often more than willing to help us out .
ISPs in countries that are less willing , or rather , instances in which we 've found ISPs to be less willing to cooperate , are usually ISPs hosting torrent sites .
In the U.S. , contributory liability for copyright infringement can extend all the way to torrent sites , if , for example , the ISP has knowledge that their site is facilitating the exchange of specific infringing media .
A lot of foreign jurisdictions do n't read it that way .
But they will comply if they 're actually hosting the infringing content itself .
I made that distinction clear , right ?
Sara : I think so .
But I want to make sure I understand everything , so let me use an example .
Let 's say your teams finds a video streaming site in Spain or something , and they host torrents of Fruits Basket — but it 's not the Funimation 's copy .
Let 's say it 's the original fansub , subbed in Spanish or something .
Does Funimation legally have rights to demand the removal of that content from the web ?
Evan : Yes .
If it 's available in the U.S.
Here 's why … Motion Pictures can have many layers of copyright , especially anime .
As licensees of the " underlying " anime , we are " copyright owners " as defined by the Copyright Act .
If someone is distributing , reproducing or publicly performing that anime in the U.S. , even without subtitles or audio of any kind , it constitutes an infringement of our intellectual property rights .
Next layer .
As authors of the translations / subtitles / dub tracks , we also hold copyright in that .
Those translations / dubs , btw , are referred to as a derivative work in the Copyright Act .
The right to even create a derivative work is another right defined in the Copyright Act , which makes the mere act of creating English subtitles , in the U.S. , for a show in which we have such rights , a violation .
Bamboo :
So what about fan videos ?
Say , AMVs ?
Where does that fit in ?
Would the Japanese companies have jurisdiction over that , or is that your territory ?
Evan :
For elements of media that are owned by more than one party , such as the underlying animation , enforcement usually falls upon the party with rights for that territory where such use takes place .
Regarding AMV's and fan videos , we do n't mind most fan videos , including AMVs .
The main reasons for this are that they can often serve a promotional purpose , and legally , they can sometimes constitute Fair Use .
The basic thinking going into fan videos is thus : if it whets the audience 's appetite , we 'll leave it alone .
But if it sates the audience 's appetite , it needs to come down .
Does that make sense ?
Bamboo :
It makes sense to me , although it seems that Japanese companies do n't have the same attitude .
Ca n't they , as copyright holders , shut down American AMV makers ?
Evan : I understand that in Japan , fan fiction of all kinds is not only accepted , but encouraged .
Fan - created manga , as I 'm sure you both know , is apparently huge there .
As for the authority of the Japanese to enforce their rights against AMV creators in the U.S. , technically , yes , they could .
I would be astonished if they ever did so on a large scale .
And again , the AMV creators could argue the affirmative defense of " fair use . "
Sara :
But does artist reproduction fall ( a la fanfic , doujin ) under a different category of copyright than ... like , taking straight clips of the existing animated material for AMVs ?
Evan :
It 's in a different legal category .
AMVs are " direct infringement " but fan fiction is a violation of derivative work rights .
Sara :
How far does one have to go to violate Fair Use ?
Right now there 's a bit of a scandal surrounding Shepard Fairey and his adaptation of an AP photograph for his iconic Barack Obama portrait — what is your take , and is there some sort of anime equivalent ?
Evan :
It 's hard to be brief about fair use .
I recently gave a presentation on intellectual property issues in documentary filmmaking and the bulk of it was about fair use .
It lasted an hour and a half .
But I digress !
It 's not about violating fair use .
It 's about violating copyright .
To get specific , legally , even fair use is infringement .
This is because the use is unauthorized and ostensibly violates one of the exclusive rights of a copyright owner laid out in 17 U.S.C. § 106 .
Anyway , fair use is an affirmative defense to infringement .
This means that the burden is on the defendant to prove fair use .
The factors of fair use are laid out in § 107 of the same title of the United States Code that I referenced before .
Of those factors , the big one is # 4 " effect of the use upon the potential market for or value of the copyrighted work ” … hence our whet vs. sate the appetite approach .
And the new use generally has to be for criticism , comment , news reporting , teaching ( including multiple copies for classroom use ) , scholarship , or research .
Parody and satire fall under criticism / comment .
New uses that are sufficiently transformative and do not harm the potential market for the original work also tend to get by .
Bamboo :
So if someone uses someone else 's work and makes a crazy profit — would that violate fair use ?
What if they were using it for fundraising ?
Or is that dependent on that particular court ?
Sara :
Yes , let 's say someone , for some reason , made tens of thousands of dollars selling AMVs filled with Funimation material — " Fair Use " kind of sounds like an empty defense in that case .
Evan :
It does n't vary a whole lot from court to court ... and yes , the crazy profit would seriously weaken a fair use argument .
Bamboo : Going back to the territory bit , and how far your legal reach extends , I 'm still a bit confused .
Say Japan has rights for East Asia .
Say Funimation has rights for Canada and the US .
Can you shut down a Spanish fansubber in Madrid who is fansubbing Fullmetal Alchemist in Spanish ?
Even if you do n't have a licensing agreement for Europe ?
Let 's assume that no one else has that license either .
Evan :
We can't shut them down just for fansubbing in Spain without rights to Spain , but we can certainly shut them down for distributing those fansubs ( or making available for distribution ) to the U.S .
Bamboo :
So does that mean a US server has to be hosting it ?
Or simply that people in the US are downloading it from the Spanish server ?
Evan : Just downloading it from the Spanish server is enough .
It 's up to the ISP in Spain to geo - block visitors from the U.S. Anime companies in the U.S. actually have the same burden .
The internet is inherently unrestricted for inter-country traffic .
So we have the task of employing the technology and managing the logistics of geo- blocking the content that we distribute .
Those two hurdles , technological and logistical , can be quite time consuming .
It 's understanding why most ISPs do n't bother .
Bamboo :
As anti-fansubbing as I am , it seems kind of unfair that someone in Seychelles would n't be able to watch Fruits Basket unless they forked over some hefty shipping fees to get R1 / R2 DVDs from Amazon .
Evan : I understand that position .... let me tell you how I tend to look at it .
First , I totally remove myself from the anime world .
I think about myself as an artist instead , and I think about the oldest intellectual property quote that I know , mildly sexist though it may be : " The sweat of a man 's brows and the exudations of his mind , are as much a man 's own property as the breeches upon his backside " ( Lawrence Stern , 1853 ) So if I make some kickass music video ( trust me , I 've made tons ... I think one sold at least 50 copies … sad… ) and someone in Seychelles wants it ... I do n't think it should just be ok for that person to take it for free .
Maybe that 's not a great example ... but it 's personal .
To me , this does come down to artists ' rights .
Does there need to be a better means of distribution ?
Sure .
Should anime be available everywhere ?
That would be great !
But does a person have a right to freely enjoy the art that someone else created ?
I do n't think so ....
Sara : Hm .
I 'm also an artist , and I definitely appreciate copyright law and want my intellectual property to be protected , but I think I 'm more on the fence when it comes to this issue .
Where my product is sold and able to turn a profit , I definitely do n't want the work ripped off and distributed .
But some person in Seychelles who may never have heard of my film had it not been for the ' net in the first place ?
I do n't think I 'd care as much .
Then again , at this point in my career I 'm more interested in getting my stuff out there than turning a profit .
Evan : I hear ya there !
While I 'm adamant that I do n't feel that " it 's ok " for a person to enjoy my art for free and while I certainly do n't think the world over has a right to enjoy my creations for free , I would probably be quite flattered if something of mine was taking the internet by storm and I was n't getting a dime from it .
Bear in mind , even with anime , enforcement is almost always up to the artist .
I make this point because I do n't think that it 's the law that is broken .
And it 's a point I have to state because I did n't necessarily feel that way before studying it for several years .
Bamboo :
There 's also that age old argument of , " They get anime for free in Japan ! " and now " They get anime for free in the US ! "
We all know that they have to watch ads , pay for broadband , etc , but that argument remains .
What 's your response to that ?
Evan :
Ahh yes , " free " as in " free TV . "
Well ... the artists have to get paid .
I do n't think they care if they 're being paid by the advertisers versus being paid directly by the audience .
It 's a bit of a specious argument in my opinion .
It 's like complaining that there 's free health care in France .
Sara : * laughs *
I actually make that argument all the time in advocating legislation reform here , regarding health care .
Bamboo :
Let me ask you the $ 1,000,000 question :
What are our alternate options besides fansubbing ?
Are there different ways to monetize this content , esp. for those who live outside of the supplied territories ?
What would you do ?
Evan :
We 're making a huge effort with YouTube right now to video fingerprint our content for monetization .
Not all of it , but a great deal .
I think many fans will appreciate that it's not being taken down anymore , but monetized instead .
As for what I would do ...
Bamboo : Wait , wait .
Can you go into more detail about the Youtube thing ?
I 'm not sure I understand what you mean by " video fingerprint your content . "
Is that kind of like what Kodansha is doing over in Japan by letting users use their content for AMVs , provided they get the ad kicks for that page ?
Evan :
Well , YouTube obviously earns tremendous ad revenue from users viewing content that was not created by YouTube .
When a content owner claims the content , YouTube offers to either take it down or to give a share of the ad revenue to the creator .
A content owner can upload their content to YouTube for " video fingerprinting " and then set options as to what YouTube should do with " user - generated content " that matches the video fingerprint .
The the user requests that such matched content be " monetized " then that 's exactly what YouTube does : they cut the content owner in on a share .
Mind you , content owners can only do this monetization within territories where they have rights .
An outright owner can monetize everywhere , but a licensee , such as Funimation , can only monetize within specific territories .
As for the " what would I do " question .
I can't put myself in the shoes of a licensor ... and I probably should n't answer a million - dollar question without receiving $ 1 mil for it .
Bamboo :
Did you start doing simulcasts because of fansubbers ?
Evan : Yes .
Bamboo :
Is it working ?
Are you winning ?
Evan :
We 're getting lots of views !
Bamboo :
Are you cutting into the fansubs ?
Evan : Yeah , a great deal of the fansub audience is watching our simulcast instead .
But it 's hard to tell if that 's simply because we 've really pushed to keep down these latest fansubs ....
My question to you is , why would you watch a fansub rather than our simulcast ?
Sara : I would n't .
But then again , I do n't love ridiculous colored fonts that dance around .
Bamboo : Some of those fonts are really nice .
But then again , I do n't watch fansubs , so I 'm the wrong person to answer this question , but I 'll pose it to the readers .
The last time we asked , many of them said , " Because I do n't live in the US . "
So , unfortunately , that 's a big issue .
In fact , an overwhelming majority of users said that they'd watch the simulcast if it was available in their country .
Bicycle rack yields design for modular home Small - business spotlight
A Rac Arc of curved flat steel frames , is lightweight and easy - to - assemble .
The design by Joseph Bellomo Architects evolved from a shelter they designed to store commuter bicycles .
This is a one of the first produced for Palo Alto .
less A Rac Arc of curved flat steel frames , is lightweight and easy - to - assemble .
The design by Joseph Bellomo Architects evolved from a shelter they designed to store commuter bicycles .
This is a one of the first ... more Photo : Joseph Bellomo Architects Photo : Joseph Bellomo Architects Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Bicycle rack yields design for modular home 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Prefabricated houses have long intrigued Modernist architects and , in the wake of Hurricane Katrina when some homes simply floated away , many philanthropic Bay Area organizations such as Habitat for Humanity have encouraged architects to think of easy - to - assemble , affordable buildings .
Now Palo Alto architect Joseph Bellomo has concocted the House Arc , a modular building that started out as a semi- circular bicycle shelter and bike rack .
Built over concrete piers or a wood deck , the tubular steel armature of the House Arc is sheathed in translucent polycarbonate plastic coated with a solar film to power light`bulbs and home appliances .
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
If Bellomo 's green - conscious permanent tent gets produced , it will cost about $ 100,000 for 800 square feet of space .
" The component arcs could be made of lightweight carbon fiber to make them easy to transport , " he said .
The idea grew from a project that began three years ago , when Jeff Selzer , general manager of Palo Alto Bicycles and a board member of Bikestation , a national chain of garages for commuter bicycles , approached Bellomo to design Bikestation 's Palo Alto branch .
Bellomo suggested a better bicycle rack .
Nine months ago , he and Selzer unveiled the rack prototype under the aegis of their new company , Bike Arc .
Their timing is apt .
Gas - conscious commuters have thrust the bicycle into the limelight .
" Bicycling is recession - proof .
I see that even older people are beginning to use bicycles , " Bellomo said .
" Their bicycles are the new Lexus .
I even ride my bicycle to work every day . "
But then where do you park it ?
Bellomo , whose firm has become the area 's expert on transit hubs after it designed the award - winning High / Alma parking garage in downtown Palo Alto , felt that bicycles also ought to have fine shelters .
" I wanted bikes to have the same cachet and respect as expensive cars , " Bellomo said .
" I was tired of seeing them tangled together in makeshift racks . "
He created Tube Arc , a modular bike storage bin with doors that lock .
From inside , its tubular steel ribs and polycarbonate sheathing look like the belly of a translucent whale .
And , because it is modular , Tube can be expanded to house hundreds of bicycles in neat rows .
" That 's when I thought we could develop this design into a system of rooms to live in , " Bellomo said .
A Half Arc segment of the prototype installed at University Circle in Palo Alto in March demonstrates how a few custom parts can be quickly assembled to form a lightweight shelter .
" We use steel in the lightest way possible in our buildings and we used the same thinking here .
Less steel means less cost and less handling .
We do n't over - engineer it , " Bellomo said .
Bellomo then developed Rac Arc by using the basic curved component of the lightweight Tube .
His quarter - circle rack made of flat 1 / 4 x 3 - inch galvanized steel strips can store bikes tilted up , locked in place at a 45 - degree angle .
" A 10 - year - old child can use this rack , " Bellomo said .
" You just roll the bike in , hook it and secure it with a U - lock or chain . "
On sidewalks , because its curved shape can cantilever over adjoining landscaping , Rac Arc takes less room than conventional bike racks .
Inquiries about the product are coming in from Redwood City ; Long Beach wants 60 Half Arcs ; and the city of Palo Alto recently approved eight Half Arcs for Lytton Plaza to be partially funded by private donors .
Spurred by such interest , Bellomo's office unleashed other Bike Arc designs that could be produced : Car Arc , a carport shelter that protects bikes as well as cars , has a polycarbonate roof with solar collectors to power electric bicycles or cars ; Bus Arc , which also has a translucent solar roof , bike racks , a bench and a socket to power laptops for commuters waiting for a bus .
The Umbrella Arc , which is composed of eight C - shaped arcs back - to - back to store eight bicycles in less than 25 square feet of space , is already available .
And then , after this flood of ideas , came Bellomo 's House Arc .
For more information , go to www.bikearc.com.
After four years of domination , BMW International Engine of the Year had lost the prize .
The winner ?
Volkswagen , with its 1.4 TSI .
Moreover , the engine of the surcharge in Wolfsburg and has won in the category Green Engine of the Year .
Competition jury was composed of 65 journalists from 32 countries .
But to see all the winners :
– Year 2009 Engine : Volkswagen 1.4 liter TSI Twincharger ( Golf , Eos , Scirocco , Touran , Tiguan , Jette , Seat Ibiza copper )
VW 1.4 TSI engine
– Best New Engine of the Year : Porsche 3.8 - liter flat - six ( 911 )
– The ecological engine of the year : Volkswagen 1.4 liter TSI Twincharger ( Golf , Touran , Tiguan , Jetta )
– The performance of the engine : Mercedes - AMG 6.2 - liter ( CLK , S , SL , CL , CLS , ML )
– Under 1 liter : Toyota 1 liter ( Aygo , Yaris , Peugeot 107 , CitroÃ«n C1 , Subaru Justy )
– From 1 to 1.4 - liter : Volkswagen 1.4 liter TSI Twincharger ( Golf , Eos , Scirocco , Touran , Tiguan , Jette , Seat Ibiza copper )
– From 1.4 liters to 1.8 liters : BMW - PSA 1.6 - liter Turbo ( MINI Cooper S , Clubman , Peugeot 207 , 308 )
– From 1.8 to 2 liters : Audi 2 - liter TFSI ( A4 , A5 , Q5 , VW Scirocco , Golf GTI )
– From 2 to 2.5 liters : Mercedes - Benz 2.1 - liter Diesel ( BlueEffieciency C- Class E- Class BlueEffieciency )
– From 2.5 to 3 liters : BMW 3 - liter Twin Turbo DI ( 135 , 335 , x6 , Z4 , 730 )
– From 3 to 4 liters : BMW 4 - liter V8 ( M3 )
– More than 4 liters : Mercedes - AMG 6.2 - liter ( CLK , S , SL , CL , CLS , ML )
“ We ’ve always believed we deserved more respect than we receive , ” he said .
“ In sports , you ’ve got to earn respect , you ca n’t just ask for it , and we ’ve earned some respect this past week . ”
Then the roof caved in : Brazil scored three unanswered goals in the second half .
And just like that , the United States was back to being the little engine that could someday win on the world stage .
“ Of course it ’s disappointing , especially when we were up , 2 - 0 , ” Gulati said after the match Sunday .
“ On the positive side , we made progress at this tournament and are proud of reaching the final . ”
Nice try , good effort .
For the rest of us , it ’s back to baseball until next summer ’s run to the World Cup .
Garber was far from discouraged .
“ Today , we proved that we can compete at the highest level , ” he said .
“ For 45 minutes , we had one of the best teams in the world shocked and on their heels .
Our guys were n’t happy to just play in the final , they wanted to win .
And for a time , I thought we would .
“ Over all , this was a great day for U.S. soccer that will go down in history as one of the truly great moments for our sport . ”
Still , instead of talking about a great triumph , we ’re back to talking about what United States soccer needs to break through at home .
They did .
Again , lobbying is still going strong .
Again , these senators who continue to take their money , vote lock step with STATUS QUO .
From Countdown with Keith Olbermann .
Posted on April 14 , 2009 in Images
“ What do we do ?
Exactly the opposite .
We forget about the debt , let it explode .
We reduce interest rates to zero to stimulate the economy .
We pour money into the economy to get even bigger debts .
We do n’t privatize ; we nationalize , except we do n’t call it nationalization .
We give it some other name , like “ bailout ” or something .
It ’s essentially nationalization without control .
So we pour money into the institutions .
We lectured the third world that they must accept free trade , though we accept protectionism .
Take the “ too big to fail ” principle , which the House committee is discussing today .
But what does “ too big to fail ” mean ?
“ Too big to fail ” is an insurance policy .
It ’s a government insurance policy .
Government means the public pays , which says , “ You can take huge risks and make plenty of profit , and if anything goes wrong , we ’ll bail you out . ”
That ’s “ too big to fail . ”
Well , that ’s extreme protectionism .
It gives US corporations like Citigroup an enormous advantage over others , like any other kind of protection .
But we do n’t allow the third world to do that .
I mean , they ’ve got to privatize , so that we can pick up their assets .
Now , these are happening side by side .
Now , here ’s the instructions for you , the poor people ; here ’s the policies for us , the rich people .
Exactly the opposite .
Is there any reason to think the IMF is going to change it ? ”
See Also : Three Possible Financial Narratives for the Obama Administration , Ideas and interests , Goldman CFO Viniar “ Mystified ” by Probes into Relationship with AIG , Taxpayer Funded GS Profits , Punishing The Successful Update , Democracy and Capitalism , The Quiet Coup , The Nationalization Argument , U.S. Taxpayers Raped Again , and The Banks ’ New Business Model .
F# Webcast ( IV . ) - Developing standard .NET libraries
In the previous parts of this webcast series we 've developed an F# script that downloads RSS feeds asynchronously and in parallel and searches them for the specified keywords .
We followed the usual F# development style , so after introducing the basic functional concepts , we wrote the code in the simples possible style and demonstrated how to use System .
Xml and System .
Net namespaces .
Then we refactored the existing code , to run asynchronously and process the results potentially in parallel , which was very easy thanks to F# asynchronous workflows .
In this part of the series , we 'll make the next evolutionary step of our sample application .
We 'll turn the code that originally used F# tuples and lists into code that uses standard .NET objects and we 'll also see how to declare a class in F# .
This simple modification will turn the script into an F# library that is almost indistinguishable from a library developed in C# .
We 'll also look how you can use the library from C# web application to show the interop between C# and F# in practice .
We 'll start with the code from the previous part , so if you missed that , you may want to check it out or download the source code .
F# Webcast Series
This webcast series follows the usual F# development process where you start with experimenting and writing an initial version of the solution interactively using the F# interactive tool .
In the later phase of the process , we modify the code to make it parallel and asynchronous and finally , we can also encapsulate it into a standard .NET library that 's usable from C# .
Here is a list of all webcasts in the series :
Part I. - Introducing functional concepts
The first part introduces functional programming principles such as immutability , recursion and functions that take other functions as parameter ( higher order functions ) .
This can all be demonstrated in C# 3.0 , so we start with C# and then look how the same concepts look in F#.
Finally , the first part also shows functions for working with lists in F# .
The first part introduces functional programming principles such as immutability , recursion and functions that take other functions as parameter ( higher order functions ) .
This can all be demonstrated in C# 3.0 , so we start with C# and then look how the same concepts look in F#.
Finally , the first part also shows functions for working with lists in F#. Part II .
- Using standard .NET libraries
The second part demonstrates how we can use standard .NET libraries .
It uses classes from System .
Net and System .
Xml to download content of a web page ( RSS feed ) , load it into XML document and process it to find only posts that contain some specified keyword .
The second part demonstrates how we can use standard .NET libraries .
It uses classes from and to download content of a web page ( RSS feed ) , load it into XML document and process it to find only posts that contain some specified keyword .
Part III . - Downloading web pages asynchronously
The third part shows how to make the code from the part II .
better .
It introduces F# asynchronous workflows that can be used for writing code that does n't block a thread when waiting for the completion of some I /O request .
This part also shows how to modify the code to download and process multiple feeds in parallel .
The third part shows how to make the code from the part II .
better .
It introduces F# asynchronous workflows that can be used for writing code that does n't block a thread when waiting for the completion of some I /O request .
This part also shows how to modify the code to download and process multiple feeds in parallel .
Part IV . - Developing standard .NET libraries
In the fourth part , we look how to encapuslate the functionality written in F# into classes .
We 'll finally create a project ( rather than just use F# scripts ) and we 'll wrap the code we wrote into a .NET class .
We 'll also look how to compile the project into DLL and how to use it from a simple C# web application .
Downloads
In bygone days , the environmental movement would often cast its lot with a " Save the [ blank ] " ideology that generally included non-human components such as " world " or " whales " or " spotted owls " in its formulation .
Unsurprisingly , many people scoffed at the suggestion that human opportunities and progress should be foregone in the name of saving other entities .
In the end , the notion that our existence might somehow be dependent upon the existence of those " other " things -- or that we ought to learn to get by with less of the stuff we wanted -- was a hard sell to a public used to thinking in Cartesian terms of separation and one that is deeply inculcated with a cultural mythos of human superiority .
Simply put , this way of getting at the issue actually fostered the very sense of a " humans versus nature " rift that underlain the problem in the first place .
Today , however , the rhetorical tide has shifted even as the oceanic one has threatened to rise .
Now the pitch is more akin to " Save the Humans , " since it 's our own vulnerable and somewhat maladapted arses that are on the line at this point .
It was sheer hubris to believe that the world itself needed saving from human interventions ; the Earth and its life - giving capacities are resilient and will almost certainly ( at least on a geological time scale ) survive whatever we throw at it short of total nuclear pulverization .
In fact , many other life forms would flourish without us here , with Nature rapidly re-wilding even the concrete jungles we 've created .
So it 's really about saving ourselves these days , which is a more realistic aim and one that is consistent with our actual place in the web of life .
It 's also an easier sell for most people .
Advocating for the preservation of a seemingly unimportant animal species as against many human jobs and their families ' wellbeing is not particularly persuasive , as spotted owl advocates found out some years ago ( even today , I still see faded bumper stickers saying " Spotted Owl Tastes Like Chicken " ) .
A much more potent argument is that those same loggers would be put out of work by deforestation and the clear - cutting of old growth stands , since they rely on the renewal of the resource in order to have continuous employment in their region .
Indeed , this logic -- human engagement with the environment in the context of renewal capacities -- can be a powerful avenue for sustainability advocacy to address both human and nonhuman needs .
Let me illustrate the point clearly , and briefly .
I recently asked some of my students whether water was a scarce or abundant resource .
Being good environmentalists , they mostly reflected upon the hard - to - deny fact that water is scarce and getting scarcer -- it 's the " new oil " and " blue gold " as various outlets continually suggest .
There 's a truth in this perspective , and yet water can also be seen as an abundant resource in which the planet 's evaporation - rainfall cycle continually renews it .
We can actually quantify the amount of water it takes to maintain a local aquifer or the flow of a river at healthy levels , and this is sometimes known as the " recharge rate " of how much it would be necessary to put back in to keep the water flowing .
Swimming pool owners in hot climates , for example , often fill their pools a little bit each morning to compensate for evaporation , and thus perform a low - tech version of recharging their water levels in this manner .
In fact , every resource has an inherent recharge rate , in the sense that the " balance of a system can be expressed as a relationship relating all of the inputs and outputs into or out of the system . "
Water is perhaps the easiest to measure , as in the swimming pool example , although in the real world variables such as soil moisture levels and the location of stormwater basins can make the calculations somewhat more complex .
Still , rates are estimable if not outright calculable in most locales , suggesting that in practice we can find the balance point between output ( i.e. , what we consume ) and input ( i.e. , what gets replaced ) for any given resource .
Using this framework , the distinction between renewable and nonrenewable resources become blurred , since everything has an inherent ( or at least potential ) rate of renewal and can thus be sustained over time .
This may seem counterintuitive , since we 've been accustomed to viewing resources like oil and minerals as nonrenewable , but that 's only because we 've applied a human time scale to such commodities .
The planet might in fact produce more of them , although it could take millions or even billions of years .
The resources that take the longest time to replenish are also among the most costly to extract and likewise oftentimes contribute most directly to the problems of pollution and climate change that we presently face ; furthermore , we can't claim to fully understand what the consequences would be if they were completely depleted in rapid fashion as we are seemingly aiming toward .
Resources like air and water that have faster recharge rates are among the most basic for survival and are also the most vulnerable to disruptions in their renewal cycles .
Food sources recharge fairly quickly as well , as do soils for growing , although less so than air and water ; timber resources take a bit longer but can still renew within human time spans .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
So here 's my recommendation for sustaining the planet 's fecundity , and for saving ourselves in the process : consumption within recharge rates , but no more .
Air , water , and food are abundant and renew quickly , and thus can be consumed at significant levels .
Coal , oil , uranium , and natural gas recharge very slowly and therefore should only be consumed at very small levels ( if at all ) consistent with how long it would likely take to replace them .
Trees might still be used for human purposes , but only as fast as they will grow back or can be replanted .
Solar radiation , geothermal energy , wind power , and tidal cycles renew continually , and their recharge rates are internally driven , so they can be utilized widely and abundantly .
Thich Nhat Hanh refers to something very much like this as " mindful consumption , " which he contrasts with the unmindful practices that are " doing violence to our home " and have led the world to the doorstep of " catastrophic climate changes , " yielding a pervasive sense of " violence , hate , discrimination , and despair . "
In his moving book The World We Have , Hanh illustrates the potential for positive alternatives with the story of " the vessel of appropriate measure " :
" Since the bowl is exactly the right size , we always know just how much to eat .
We never overeat , because overeating brings sickness to our bodies ....
We see that people who consume less are healthier and more joyful , and that those who consume a lot may suffer very deeply ....
Mindful consumption brings about health and healing , for ourselves and for our planet . "
Obviously we must consume in order to survive , but if we do so outside the bounds of an " appropriate measure " our survival is placed in grave jeopardy .
If someone who is cold burns down an orchard to stay warm for a night , they will likely have to cope with hunger the next day ; in this manner humanity often seems to find itself cascading from one crisis to the next , as each quick - fix intervention leads to a new ( and perhaps more intractable ) problem .
People inclined to get rankled over any sentiment that encourages us to do with a bit less of some particular item might consider what it would be like if we were forced to try and survive with less ( or none at all ) of everything , which may be in store if we fail to act .
Consuming within recharge rates is a way to ensure not only our short - term but also our long - range existence on this remarkable , self - renewing world that sustains us .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Sudan's President Omar al - Bashir has denied that his armed forces have targeted civilians in Darfur , in an exclusive interview with the BBC .
" I challenge anybody to bring me evidence that proves the Sudanese armed forces attacked and killed citizens in Darfur , " he told HARDtalk .
In his first TV interview since being indicted on war crimes charges , he dismissed talk of crimes as propaganda .
Mr Bashir was indicted by the war crimes court on 4 March .
He has poured scorn on the International Criminal Court charges , which were the first issued by The Hague - based body against a sitting president .
' Fighting rebels '
In the Sudanese capital , Khartoum , Mr Bashir said : " What has been reported to have happened in Darfur did not actually happen at all .
We have never fought against our citizens , we have not killed our citizens
President Omar al - Bashir
Profile : Sudan 's Omar al - Bashir " What happened in Darfur was an insurgency .
The state has the responsibility to fight the rebels . "
He added : " We have never fought against our citizens , we have not killed our citizens . "
The ICC has accused President Bashir of two counts of war crimes - intentionally directing attacks on civilians and pillage - as well as five counts of crimes against humanity , including murder , rape and torture .
Mr Bashir was asked about claims the Sudanese armed forces had used excessive force .
The joint United Nations - African Union ( Unamid ) peacekeeping force has raised concerns over an attack on a refugee camp in Kalma , South Darfur , in August 2008 , when 38 people died .
' Human shields '
The Sudanese leader said government forces had been searching for arms used to shoot down a Unamid plane from inside the camp when rebels opened fire .
" Our citizens were used as human shields by the rebels , " he said .
" Therefore , it was only natural for our forces to carry out their operational duties .
" The shooting started from inside the camp , the soldiers returned fire and yes there were casualties .
The issue was resolved with the citizens concerned . "
The UN estimates 300,000 people have died in Darfur 's six - year conflict and millions more have been displaced .
But President Bashir said figures for casualties in Darfur were " less than one tenth of what has been reported " .
" Any talk about crimes committed inside Darfur is a hostile and organised media propaganda to tarnish the reputation of the government and is a part of the declared war against our government , " he added .
Mr Bashir has denounced the ICC warrant as part of a neo-colonial Western plot to take over Sudan .
The Darfur conflict began in early 2003 , when the government and Arab militias launched a campaign against black - African rebel groups .
You can see the full interview with President Omar al - Bashir on the BBC News channel in the UK on 13 May at 2330 BST and 15 Friday 0430 BST .
International viewers can see it on BBC World News on 14 May at 0330 , 0830 , 1430 , 2030 and 2230 GMT .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In his much anticipated , 30 - minute speech that was broadcast live both in Israel and in much of the Arab world , the prime minister not only dealt with the two - state issue , but also confronted the contentious issue of settlement construction head - on , saying that he would not -- as the US and the Arab world are demanding -- freeze all settlement construction .
" The territorial question will be discussed as part of the final peace agreement , " he said .
" In the meantime , we have no intention of building new settlements or of expropriating additional land for existing settlements . "
But , he added , " There is a need to enable the residents to live normal lives , to allow mothers and fathers to raise their children like families elsewhere .
The settlers are neither the enemies of the people nor the enemies of peace .
Rather , they are an integral part of our people , a principled , pioneering and Zionist public . "
Saeb Erekat , the chief Palestinian negotiator , said in a statement that “ Benjamin Netanyahu spoke about negotiations , but left us with nothing to negotiate as he systematically took nearly every permanent status issue off the table .
Nor did he accept a Palestinian state . ”
“ Instead , ” Mr. Erekat said , “ he announced a series of conditions and qualifications that render a viable , independent and sovereign Palestinian state impossible . ”
First a disclaimer .
When I was 8 -- living in Flatbush and still thoroughly dependent on my family for information about the world -- Israel , Britain and France attacked Egypt , a response to Nasser 's nationalization of the Suez Canal .
President Eisenhower felt this was n't America 's war .
He was correct but I felt it was mine and insisted that I be allowed to fly to Israel to join Moshe Dayan 's forces .
My parents prevailed and it was another 4 decades before I next had a hankering to go to Israel .
Actually I did n't have a hankering at all .
My friend Roland and I were spending a month going up the Nile .
Roland , who was raised an atheist , was determined we also visit Jerusalem .
It was just a bus ride away from Cairo and we went , although neither of us liked anything about the modern state of Israel .
I 'd come a long way from wanting to go kill Egyptians in the Sinai to feeling sympathetic to displaced Palestinians in their own homeland .
Yesterday Israeli's new right - wing leader Benjamin Netanyahu faked a concession for " solving " the Palestinian problem by appearing to buy into the concept of two separate states -- separate but far from equal , a position that reflects that of Israeli society in general .
One would continue to be the preeminent military power in the region and the other would be allowed cap guns ... as long as they 're not too loud .
In return for the Palestinians recognizing the unalterable Jewishness of the state of Israel , Netanyahu said they could have a small , disjointed demilitarized zone .
In return for giving up their claims to East Jerusalem and their claims that descendants of Palestinian refugees would have the right to return to Israel , the Palestinians would get a promise that Israel would stop expanding existing settlements in their " country .
"
He also claimed sovereignty over Palestinian airspace and the right to dictate their foreign policy .
His own far right Likud Party still opposes a Palestinian state of any kind and Netanyahu 's prescription was unacceptable to extremists in his own ranks as well as to Palestinians .
After laying out his own humiliating preconditions , he called on the Palestinians to start immediate talks " without preconditions .
" Although the Obama Administration said it was encouraged by Netanyahu 's movement towards a two - state solution , they 're not naive enough to think there was anything realistic about it .
Erekat addressed President Obama directly telling him " the ball is in your court tonight .
You have the choice tonight .
You can deal with Netanyahu as a prime minister above the law , close the file of peace tonight and engulf the whole area in the direction of violence , chaos , extremism and bloodletting .
The other choice is to make Netanyahu abide by the ' road map ' plan for peace .
The peace process has been moving at the speed of a tortoise .
Tonight , Netanyahu has flipped it over on its back . "
Labels : Israel , Netanyahu , Palestine
Would the Obama administration ’s plan for financial reform do what has to be done ?
Yes and no .
Yes , the plan would plug some big holes in regulation .
But as described , it would n’t end the skewed incentives that made the current crisis inevitable .
Let ’s start with the good news .
Our current system of financial regulation dates back to a time when everything that functioned as a bank looked like a bank .
As long as you regulated big marble buildings with rows of tellers , you pretty much had things nailed down .
But today you do n’t have to look like a bank to be a bank .
As Tim Geithner , the Treasury secretary , put it in a widely cited speech last summer , banking is anything that involves financing “ long - term risky and relatively illiquid assets ” with “ very short - term liabilities . ”
Cases in point : Bear Stearns and Lehman , both of which financed large investments in risky securities primarily with short - term borrowing .
And as Mr. Geithner pointed out , by 2007 more than half of America ’s banking , in this sense , was being handled by a “ parallel financial system ”  others call it “ shadow banking ”  of largely unregulated institutions .
These non -bank banks , he ruefully noted , were “ vulnerable to a classic type of run , but without the protections such as deposit insurance that the banking system has in place to reduce such risks . ”
This week marks the end of the dollar ’s reign as the world ’s reserve currency .
It marks the start of a terrible period of economic and political decline in the United States .
And it signals the last gasp of the American imperium .
That ’s over .
It is not coming back .
And what is to come will be very , very painful .
Barack Obama , and the criminal class on Wall Street , aided by a corporate media that continues to peddle fatuous gossip and trash talk as news while we endure the greatest economic crisis in our history , may have fooled us , but the rest of the world knows we are bankrupt .
And these nations are damned if they are going to continue to prop up an inflated dollar and sustain the massive federal budget deficits , swollen to over $ 2 trillion , which fund America ’s imperial expansion in Eurasia and our system of casino capitalism .
They have us by the throat .
They are about to squeeze .
There are meetings being held Monday and Tuesday in Yekaterinburg , Russia , ( formerly Sverdlovsk ) among Chinese President Hu Jintao , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev and other top officials of the six -nation Shanghai Cooperation Organization .
The United States , which asked to attend , was denied admittance .
Watch what happens there carefully .
The gathering is , in the words of economist Michael Hudson , “ the most important meeting of the 21st century so far . ”
It is the first formal step by our major trading partners to replace the dollar as the world ’s reserve currency .
If they succeed , the dollar will dramatically plummet in value , the cost of imports , including oil , will skyrocket , interest rates will climb and jobs will hemorrhage at a rate that will make the last few months look like boom times .
State and federal services will be reduced or shut down for lack of funds .
The United States will begin to resemble the Weimar Republic or Zimbabwe .
Obama , endowed by many with the qualities of a savior , will suddenly look pitiful , inept and weak .
And the rage that has kindled a handful of shootings and hate crimes in the past few weeks will engulf vast segments of a disenfranchised and bewildered working and middle class .
The people of this class will demand vengeance , radical change , order and moral renewal , which an array of proto - fascists , from the Christian right to the goons who disseminate hate talk on Fox News , will assure the country they will impose .
I called Hudson , who has an article in Monday ’s Financial Times called “ The Yekaterinburg Turning Point : De-Dollarization and the Ending of America ’s Financial - Military Hegemony . ”
“ Yekaterinburg , ” Hudson writes , “ may become known not only as the death place of the czars but of the American empire as well . ”
His article is worth reading , along with John Lanchester ’s disturbing exposé of the world ’s banking system , titled “ It ’s Finished , ” which appeared in the May 28 issue of the London Review of Books .
“ This means the end of the dollar , ” Hudson told me .
“ It means China , Russia , India , Pakistan , Iran are forming an official financial and military area to get America out of Eurasia .
The balance - of - payments deficit is mainly military in nature .
Half of America ’s discretionary spending is military .
The deficit ends up in the hands of foreign banks , central banks .
They do n’t have any choice but to recycle the money to buy U.S. government debt .
The Asian countries have been financing their own military encirclement .
They have been forced to accept dollars that have no chance of being repaid .
They are paying for America ’s military aggression against them .
They want to get rid of this . ”
China , as Hudson points out , has already struck bilateral trade deals with Brazil and Malaysia to denominate their trade in China ’s yuan rather than the dollar , pound or euro .
Russia promises to begin trading in the ruble and local currencies .
The governor of China ’s central bank has openly called for the abandonment of the dollar as reserve currency , suggesting in its place the use of the International Monetary Fund ’s Special Drawing Rights .
What the new system will be remains unclear , but the flight from the dollar has clearly begun .
The goal , in the words of the Russian president , is to build a “ multipolar world order ” which will break the economic and , by extension , military domination by the United States .
China is frantically spending its dollar reserves to buy factories and property around the globe so it can unload its U.S. currency .
This is why Aluminum Corp. of China made so many major concessions in the failed attempt to salvage its $ 19.5 billion alliance with the Rio Tinto mining concern in Australia .
It desperately needs to shed its dollars .
“ China is trying to get rid of all the dollars they can in a trash - for - resource deal , ” Hudson said .
“ They will give the dollars to countries willing to sell off their resources since America refuses to sell any of its high - tech industries , even Unocal , to the yellow peril .
It realizes these dollars are going to be worthless pretty quickly . ”
The architects of this new global exchange realize that if they break the dollar they also break America ’s military domination .
Our military spending cannot be sustained without this cycle of heavy borrowing .
The official U.S. defense budget for fiscal year 2008 is $ 623 billion , before we add on things like nuclear research .
The next closest national military budget is China ’s , at $ 65 billion , according to the Central Intelligence Agency .
There are three categories of the balance - of - payment deficits .
America imports more than it exports .
This is trade .
Wall Street and American corporations buy up foreign companies .
This is capital movement .
The third and most important balance - of - payment deficit for the past 50 years has been Pentagon spending abroad .
It is primarily military spending that has been responsible for the balance - of - payments deficit for the last five decades .
Look at table five in the Balance of Payments Report , published in the Survey of Current Business quarterly , and check under military spending .
There you can see the deficit .
To fund our permanent war economy , we have been flooding the world with dollars .
The foreign recipients turn the dollars over to their central banks for local currency .
The central banks then have a problem .
If a central bank does not spend the money in the United States then the exchange rate against the dollar will go up .
This will penalize exporters .
This has allowed America to print money without restraint to buy imports and foreign companies , fund our military expansion and ensure that foreign nations like China continue to buy our treasury bonds .
This cycle appears now to be over .
Once the dollar cannot flood central banks and no one buys our treasury bonds , our empire collapses .
The profligate spending on the military , some $ 1 trillion when everything is counted , will be unsustainable .
“ We will have to finance our own military spending , ” Hudson warned , “ and the only way to do this will be to sharply cut back wage rates .
The class war is back in business .
Wall Street understands that .
This is why it had Bush and Obama give it $ 10 trillion in a huge rip - off so it can have enough money to survive . ”
The desperate effort to borrow our way out of financial collapse has promoted a level of state intervention unseen since World War II .
It has also led us into uncharted territory .
“ We have in effect had to declare war to get us out of the hole created by our economic system , ” Lanchester wrote in the London Review of Books .
“ There is no model or precedent for this , and no way to argue that it ’s all right really , because under such - and - such a model of capitalism … there is no such model .
It is n’t supposed to work like this , and there is no road - map for what ’s happened . ”
The cost of daily living , from buying food to getting medical care , will become difficult for all but a few as the dollar plunges .
States and cities will see their pension funds drained and finally shut down .
The government will be forced to sell off infrastructure , including roads and transport , to private corporations .
We will be increasingly charged by privatized utilities — think Enron — for what was once regulated and subsidized .
Commercial and private real estate will be worth less than half its current value .
The negative equity that already plagues 25 percent of American homes will expand to include nearly all property owners .
It will be difficult to borrow and impossible to sell real estate unless we accept massive losses .
There will be block after block of empty stores and boarded - up houses .
Foreclosures will be epidemic .
There will be long lines at soup kitchens and many , many homeless .
Our corporate - controlled media , already banal and trivial , will work overtime to anesthetize us with useless gossip , spectacles , sex , gratuitous violence , fear and tawdry junk politics .
America will be composed of a large dispossessed underclass and a tiny empowered oligarchy that will run a ruthless and brutal system of neo- feudalism from secure compounds .
Those who resist will be silenced , many by force .
We will pay a terrible price , and we will pay this price soon , for the gross malfeasance of our power elite .
Robert Dreyfuss in The Nation :
I 've seen this movie before .
In this case , the alleged perps -- Onta Williams , James Cromitie , David Williams , and Laguerre Payen -- were losers , ex-cons , drug addicts .
Al Qaeda they 're not .
Without the assistance of the agent who entrapped them , they would never have dreamed of committing political violence , nor would they have had the slightest idea about where to acquire plastic explosives or a Stinger missile .
That did n't stop prosecutors from acting as if they 'd captured Osama bin Laden himself .
By the now , it 's maddeningly familiar .
A scary terrorist plot is announced .
Then it 's revealed that the suspects are a hapless bunch of ne'er - do - wells or run-of - the - mill thugs without the slightest connection to any terrorists at all , never mind to Al Qaeda .
Finally , the last piece of the puzzle : the entire plot is revealed to have been cooked up by a scummy government agent - provocateur .
Of course , as has been pointed out , we know that -- irrespective of facts -- this case will be held up as some great triumph in the War on Terror™ , a frighteningly close call thwarted by those ( implicitly , in the previous administration ) who understood the nature of the threat .
Mmmm'kay ....
Preying on these losers , none of whom were apparently actual Muslims , the " confidential informant " orchestrated the acquisition of a disabled Stinger missile to shoot down military planes and cooked up a wild scheme about attacking a Jewish center in the Bronx .
It gets even more pathetic :
The only one of the four suspects who appears to have aroused any suspicion was Payen , a Haitian native who attended the Newburgh mosque .
Assistant imam Hamid Rashada said his dishevelment and odd behavior disturbed some members , said the assistant imam , Hamid Rashada .
When Payen appeared in court , defense attorney Marilyn Reader described him as " intellectually challenged " and on medication for schizophrenia .
The Associated Press said that when he was asked if he understood the proceedings , Payen replied : " Sort of . "
Despite the pompous statements from Mayor Bloomberg of New York and other politicians , including Representative Peter King , the whole story is bogus .
The four losers may have been inclined to violence , and they may have harbored a virulent strain of anti-Semitism .
But it seems that the informant whipped up their violent tendencies and their hatred of Jews , cooked up the plot , incited them , arranged their purchase of weapons , and then had them busted .
To ensure that it made headlines , the creepy informant claimed to be representing a Pakistani extremist group , Jaish-e Muhammad , a bona fide terrorist organization .
He was n't , of course .
The eyewitness account provided by Abu Ghraib inmate Kasim Mehaddi Hilas , describing one of numerous episodes of sexual abuse by U.S. interrogators , including rape , homosexual rape , sexual assaults with objects including a truncheon and a phosphorescent tube , and other forms of sexual abuse and humiliation of detainees .
We need to dispense immediately with the idea that releasing the second batch of photos depicting torture and other abuse at Abu Ghraib and six other installations would create an unacceptable danger to U.S. troops in the region .
Though it seem callous of me to point out as much , we should recognize that people who enlist in the military are paid , trained , and equipped to confront danger .
We should also recognize that we do the cause of liberty no favors if we make it easier to invade and occupy foreign countries ; indeed , we ought to do everything we can to accentuate the difficulty of carrying out criminal enterprises of that sort .
While we should focus most of our hostile attention on the policymakers responsible for sending the military on imperial errands of that sort , we should n’t ignore the moral responsibility of every individual who enlists in the military and carries out the killing business such immoral policies entail .
Given the pervasive stench of imperial corruption exuded by all of our public institutions , I cannot understand how anybody possessing the moral equivalent of the sense of smell could enlist in the military , or remain therein — as if that particular organization enjoys some peculiar immunity from the decadence that afflicts the rest of the Regime .
Conservatives and others who revere the founders of our late Republic might recall that the men who won our independence and wrote the Constitution opposed a standing army , not only because it could be employed as an instrument of domestic tyranny , but also because it would offer irresistible opportunities for foreign adventurism .
In this , as in so much else , the Founders ’ wisdom has withstood the passage of time .
Yes , it ’s entirely likely that releasing the photographs of torture and sexual assault — including homosexual rape and , God forgive us , the defilement of children — would lead to dangerous and potentially lethal complications for armed government employees who are killing people and destroying property in Iraq , Afghanistan , and elsewhere , countries they invaded and continue to occupy by force .
If our rulers were genuinely concerned about danger to “ our troops , ” they would release the Abu Ghraib documents and bring the troops home .
There — problem solved !
Instead , they are illegally suppressing the photos and keeping the troops in the field — and now letting it be known that the U.S. military will remain mired in Mesopotamia ( which is the more tractable of the two ongoing conflicts ) for another decade or longer .
I suspect that the “ danger ” that preoccupies the ruling Establishment is not that confronted by the troops ( about whom that Establishment cares little ) , but rather the danger potentially posed by those troops if enough of them escape the mental dungeon of official indoctrination and take a good , critical look at the people , institutions , and causes for which they ’re hired to kill and die .
Exposure to the abuse photos , and the battlefield consequences that would ensue , would tend to focus the mind in that direction .
An observation by Maj. Gen. Antonio Taguba , who investigated the Abu Ghraib abuses , seems to underscore my point .
“ I am not sure what purpose [ releasing the 2,000 additional photos of prisoner abuse ] would serve other than a legal one and the consequence would be to imperil our troops , the only protectors of our foreign policy — “
Hold it right there : Taguba said “ protectors of our foreign policy , ” not “ defenders of our independence ” or “ guardians of our liberties . ”
The foreign policy referred to entails open - ended entanglements in the affairs of nearly every nation on earth , as well as plundering huge sums from taxpayers to sustain a grotesquely huge military establishment and bribe political elites abroad .
That foreign policy cultivates misery and harvests war and terrorism .
Why in God ’s Name would any decent human being defend that foreign policy in the abstract , much less spill blood to implement it ?
Although I wish harm or death on no human being , it seems to me a good idea to adjust the current set of incentives in such a way that at least some American military personnel , as they deal with another gust of blowback , will have an overdue confrontation with their conscience and decide unilaterally to end their service of the world ’s largest criminal enterprise , the government of the United State ( spelling intentional ) .
Am I trying to incite desertion ?
Reducing the matter to terms simple enough for Sean Hannity to understand them — yes , I am , in those circumstances where desertion is necessary in order to avoid carrying out immoral , unsustainable policies in the service of a depraved Regime .
Desertion is a moral imperative when continued service implicates a soldier in crimes against God and mankind .
Indeed , there are times when desertion is a moral duty .
Yes , American enlistees swear an oath in God ’s Name .
Then again , so do Mafiosi .
Nobody outside of that criminal fraternity considers it improper for a Mafia foot soldier to renounce his oath .
No oath of service can sanctify participation in a criminal enterprise .
What should distinguish a republican military from an armed gang is a sacred commitment to the rule of law — meaning the defense of individual liberty and property , and the enforcement of measures that limit the power of government .
At least some military and law enforcement personnel ( or do I repeat myself ) have come to understand that the oath they swore requires that they be willing to disobey certain orders .
In exceptional circumstances , fidelity to constitutional principles would require wholesale repudiation of military service , rather than selective refusal to comply with illegal orders .
Liberty in Eclipse William Norman Grigg Best Price : $ 10.58 Buy New $ 57.61 ( as of 09:10 EST - Details )
We applauded the courage of those who “ defected ” from the Red Army during its occupation of Afghanistan .
( Interestingly , I do n’t recall the correct term , “ deserted , ” being used to describe such cases . )
Apart from nationalistic special pleading , I ca n’t think of a way of framing an argument to justify the Soviet deserter while execrating an American stationed in Iraq or Afghanistan who follows the same course of action for the same reason :
The triumph of conscience over programming .
For those whose conscience can withstand such an assault , another motive might prove effective .
Those who have seen the film Braveheart remember its depiction of the Battle of Stirling Bridge : Huge , serried rows of British infantry , archers , and heavy cavalry assemble across the field from a large , poorly armed , and indifferently motivated throng of Scottish foot soldiers , all of them hapless conscripts forced by their feudal lords to fight .
Near the front of the Scottish host the lords — whose allegiances are divided by favors dispensed on them by the English King Edward I — are seen frantically discussing a negotiating strategy .
The camera then pans to a conversation between two serfs , who in disgusted terms discuss the impending sell - out , which will follow the same blueprint as several before it :
The armies will briefly skirmish , then a negotiation will ensue leaving the lords richer and the serfs paying more in taxes .
“ That ’s it lads , ” one of the serfs exclaims .
“ I ’m not fighting for these bastards ! ”
At some point , if liberty is to have a fighting chance , American military personnel are going to have to experience an epiphany and decide that they ’re no longer going to fight on behalf of the bastards running the Regime .
The Best of William Norman Grigg
Do n't look down now : Cyclists faced with huge ' hole ' in the ground on towpath ... luckily it 's just pavement art
Advertisement
This frightening image of crater - like hole in the middle of a towpath makes Britain 's pot holes pale into insignificance .
Thankfully , it is just a three dimensional drawing of a canyon , all in the name of pavement art ... and to make careless cyclists slow down .
The artwork was commissioned by British Waterways and has been installed along the Regent 's Canal towpath in Islington , North London .
Balancing act : A cyclist negotiates a plank which runs over a giant ' hole ' along Regent 's Canal towpath in North London ... but it 's just a canvas painting
It came in response to reports of cyclists riding carelessly and endangering pedestrians .
But now it is hoped the hole , which is painted on a canvas and edged with chalk , will make riders slow down for fear of falling .
The work is by Joe Hill and Max Lowry , street artists who specialise in three - dimensional images .
Do n't look down : British Waterways commissioned the artwork in response to cyclists riding carelessly .
It is hoped the campaign will slow riders down
On the plank :
The design was done by Joe Hill and Max Lowry , street artists who specialise in three - dimensional images
The artists also painted Gordon Brown and Alistair Darling falling down a black hole outside the Treasury before the Budget was announced in April .
They started working on street art together around five years ago and live in London , with Joe situated north of the River Thames in Camden and Max living on the south side in Clapham .
The pair also painted Gordon Brown and Alistair Darling falling down a black hole outside the Treasury before the Budget was announced in April .
British Waterways will keep the new painting to use in other areas .
Joseph Young , its towpath manager , told the London Evening Standard : ' The majority of cyclists share the space amicably .
' However , there are a handful who refuse to slow down .
That 's why we commissioned this art - we hope it will shock . '
SEE UPDATE BELOW : ALAS , IT LOOKS
LIKE RUSH IS GETTING A BUM RAP HERE
*
UPDATE
-- Rush Limbaugh , accepting an award from Talkers magazine
Recently , in a speech given in acceptance of a talk radio industry award , Rush Limbaugh openly admitted that his number one priority as a broadcaster is not to influence policy or sway peoples ’ opinions .
Rather , his foremost priority every day is to attract as large an audience as possible , hold that audience as long as possible , and then deliver that audience to advertisers in exchange for large sums of money .
[ 0:33 ]
There are people who want to silence those that say things they do n't agree with .
That is an ever - present danger , and it 's something that we all have to be vigilant against , and the best way to engage in free speech is to engage in free speech , and to not be afraid of what somebody is going to think of what you say .
[ 0:56 ]
I got a piece of advice when I moved to Sacramento in 1984 -- that was actually my first full - fledged talk show -- and the guy that took me out there , who has since passed away , Norman Woodruff , one of the most important people in my career , said , " Look , we want controversy . "
Rush explains that unbeknownst to him he was being brought in to replace the fired Morton Downey Jr. , who had told a " Chinaman " joke for which he refused to apologize . ]
[ 1:35 ]
" We want controversy , but do n't make it up .
If you actually think something , if you actually believe it , and you can tell people why , we 'll back you up .
But if you 're going to say stuff just to make people mad , if all you want to do is rabble - rouse , if all you want to do is to stand and get noticed , that 's not what we 're interested in and we wo n't back you up . "
And I 've never forgotten it .
[ 7 : 13 ]
The host has credibility , captive audience , audience loves the host , thinks the host tells the truth , host advises the product is worthwhile , the product moves off the shelves , bingo -- success !
I do n't know about you , but that 's what keeps me on the air , not what I think about issues , not what I think about who the president is or what he 's doing .
That matters .
It 's a close second , do n't misunderstand .
But we 're in radio , we 're broadcasters .
We have the opportunity to move more people in a substantive way for the good of the country because of that intimacy that radio affords that television does n't .
#
-- KenHi Ken . . . and whoever else might be listening !
So let me tell you in print the events .
I go to the gym at 5 AM .
All , or most all , of my news comes from NPR .
Just prior to 5 AM , and I 'm thinking it was just before the election , I heard a British interview with Rush boy .
The interview centered around Limbaugh 's cochlear inplants -- he 's dead . . . oh , I 'm sorry , I meant .
Freudian , I suppose .
Anyway , the interviewer wanted the listening audience , who may not be familiar with Limbaugh , to hear a clip from one of his shows , after which Limbaugh says , " I will say anything to obtain confiscatory compensation from my advertisers .
You do n't get it , it 's just show business .
" At the time I thought it would be easy to track down this interview on some archive .
Well , eight weeks and I 'm ready to open a vein .
I contacted the following : BBC , The Strand , National Public Radio , WHYY ( Philadelphia local ) , Bill Maur .
Except for Bill Maur , who has n't replied yet , all others say they have exhausted all resources .
Can that be ?
I know I did n't dream this interview !
We need to effect a global search pattern !
Commenter Anonymous directs our attention to a post on the Rush - Matters.com website that indeed contains language similar to what Ralph heard in the British interview .
It 's billed there as an " admission " :
In fact , though , if you actually watch the 11 - minute clip , you discover that this is a clearly willful , even shocking misrepresentation of what Rush said .
I have to say , it 's a truly brilliant speech , arguing the unique power of talk radio " to move more people in a substantive way for the good of the country .
" What the website Rush - Matters.com trumpets as an " admission " is no such thing .
That strikes me as a radical misrepresentation of what Rush is actually saying , and we 're not talking subtlety or nuance .
He indeed says " We 're broadcasters first , " that " our job is to attract an audience , and to hold that audience for as long as we can , for the purpose of charging confiscatory advertising rates . "
He makes clear that , yes , radio is a business , and a business he loves .
But he also makes absolutely clear throughout the clip that anfor what he does is that hebelieve in what he says , that he is totally passionate about the beliefs he espouses .
It 's just that he loves his job as a broadcaster .
" I do n't want to move to Washington and I do n't want to get involved in policy . "
I think he leaves little doubt about his concern for his on - air credibility in this remarkably well argued section : Rush goes on to talk about the intimacy of the talk radio medium , and its unmatched power as an advertising medium .
The host who establishes credibility with his audience has that audience " captive , " he says .
Do n't get me wrong either .
I hate Rush as much as anybody drawing breath .
But he is emphaticallysaying that he says stuff to get ratings .
What he 's saying is the exact opposite : that getting big ratings is what makes it possible for him to say the things he believes on radio .
Labels : Rush Limbaugh
What would you do if you received a FedEx package with a bag of chocolate covered grasshoppers and a link to a video .
Most likely , you 'd think why the heck did I just get chocolate covered grasshoppers in the mail ?
and likely visit the video link or try to search online to find more about the company behind the gimmick .
Think this sounds like a strange PR strategy ?
So do we , but Grasshopper , an 800 phone number provider for small businesses , decided to get the word out about their new name ( they did a complete rebrand ) by putting together a list of 5,000 of the most influential people in the US and sending them each a package of real chocolate covered grasshoppers with a simple message and video URL .
The Campaign : Dead Grasshoppers
Grasshopper 's incredibly innovative social media marketing strategy was a combination of oddities .
From the quirkiness of sending their name sake covered in chocolate to their snail mail contact method with a link to a non-promotional video ( watch it below ) they created — Entrepreneurs Can Change the World — that reinforced their brand and purpose , they pretty much threw the typical formula for generating online buzz out the window .
The campaign itself took over two months to come to fruition , with Grasshopper 's CEO spending that time period compiling a list of 5,000 influential bloggers , journalists , celebrities , TV anchors , and CEOs ( Pete Cashmore , Adam Ostrow , and Tamar Weinberg made the list ) .
Packages were then shipped to recipients via FedEx on May 4th , and that 's when the real magic began .
As these notable individuals unwrapped their rather unusual gift , several of them were moved enough to share videos online of the package contents and even consuming the grasshoppers .
The video above is just one example and it shows CNET 's Josh Lowensohn chowing down on the not - so - little chocolate dipped critter .
Several of the TV personalities even did full on air segments centered around the unusual gift .
The Results : Social Media Success Story
The Grasshopper campaign proved to be very fruitful and buzz circulated on - air and across the web .
To date , the company has seen a huge uptake in social media mentions , web traffic , and hopefully new customers .
Here are a few notable stats from the campaign :
- 4,911 % traffic increase from April to May - 144,843 video views with 162 comments - 1,500 tweets - 120 blog posts in one month - Tweets from Guy Kawasaki , Kevin Rose , and Jason Calacanis - 7 national TV mentions
Basically , Grasshopper was able to saturate the blogosphere and twitterosphere , while securing a plethora of mainstream media coverage , simply with a bag of dead grasshoppers and some ingenuity .
That 's clever marketing and we applaud them for their creativity , though no Mashable staffers were brave enough to consume any grasshoppers .
Were you one of the 5,000 most influential people on Grasshopper 's list ?
Would you have eaten the chocolate covered grasshoppers had you received them ?
Let us know what you think about this quirky campaign in the comments .
The French rugby player who claimed he was attacked as he returned to his Wellington hotel has attempted suicide , according to reports .
Mathieu Bastareaud , 20 , lied that he was set on from behind by up to five men following the second rugby test between France at the All Blacks in Wellington on June 20 , leaving him with a serious eye injury .
Police investigated the incident for several days last week , before Bastareaud admitted he lied .
He said he had drunk too much after his France 's 14 - 10 loss to the All Blacks and had hit his head on a table back at the hotel .
French website L'Equipe reported that Bastareaud would have liked to " end his days " .
Max Guazzini , president of Bastareaud 's club side Stade Francais , told French media the player was now being treated at an unnamed Paris facility due to " severe psychological problems " .
Mr Guazzini said Bastareaud was " completely ruined " and needed rest .
He would remain under observation for two weeks .
The latest twist in the saga followed reports that Bastareaud 's injuries may have actually been caused by a punch from a team - mate .
" Drunk and aggressive , Bastareaud was reportedly calmed down by a fist from one of his team - mates , " the daily Le Parisien reported .
Louis Picamoles and Fulgence Ouedraogo were both reported to have been involved in the incident , although both players denied the claims .
An internal investigation by the team said Picamoles and Ouedraogo arrived back at the Holiday Inn at 5.22 am on June 21 in a taxi with two women .
Bastareaud arrived at the same time in a second taxi .
Picamoles and Bastareaud were among four injured players who flew home from the tour last Monday , while Ouedraogo stayed on to play against the Wallabies .
Bastareaud admitted fabricating the street attack in a statement on the Stade Francais website .
" I was ashamed and panicked and I thought I would be sent packing by the team management , " he said .
" I told the original story because I thought it would be believed , but given the coverage it has subsequently received I thought it would be better to tell the truth . "
- NZPA
Quelle bonne nouvelle ce procès .
Tellement bonne , que j’ai décidé d’aller faire un petit tour devant les locaux de la secte , 7 Rue Jules César dans le 12e à Paris , pour fêter ça à ma manière .
Un petit geste symbolique à l’attention de mes frères anonymes . 😉
Si ça ce trouve il y est encore !
Au cas où , voilà à quoi ça ressemblait en photo .
For non french speakers :
She says : what are you filming /
Me : the street / S : for who ?/ M : for my blog / S : I can give you some scientological dvds / M : for free ?/ S : yes / M : well thats probably the only thing you dont sell / S : Good bye / M : Good luck ( with the trial ) 😉 NB : most of all , she didnt see the anonymous mask at the entry !!! ^^
A speaker .
A speech .
A microphone .
A bare stage .
And - no expense spared here - a glass of water .
As an evening 's entertainment , it does not sound like much : Bruce Springsteen and his E Street extravaganza this is not .
And yet when Malcolm Gladwell , a Manhattan - based journalist , turned up last winter to do a monologue at the Lyceum , a West End theatre that has hosted Led Zeppelin and is now home to the Lion King musical , he filled it - twice .
Despite bitter November temperatures , long queues formed and the first show had to be delayed by half an hour to squeeze in as many punters as possible .
All 4,000 tickets , at up to £ 25 a head , sold out .
What were they getting for their money ?
Gladwell does not do stand - up , is not in exclusive possession of the Lord 's wisdom and cannot tell you how to make millions from buy - to - let .
A small , skinny , former business reporter with a towering afro and hands that flutter about as if evading an invisible butterfly net , Gladwell likes to address such pressing issues as the quest for the perfect pasta sauce ( Google the video : it is brilliant ) .
That winter evening he talked for just over an hour - about plane crashes .
There was no video , no Q&A , and his material was hardly roll - in - the - aisles stuff .
Yet Gladwell pulled it off - so much so that he is back here this week on a mini- tour , playing just enough dates - from Liverpool to Brighton - to fill the back of a concert T - shirt .
" There are hundreds of people like me , " he says .
A decade ago , a scientist , a policy wonk or a writer with a big idea would publish it in books and articles ; now they also take to the road and talk about it - in lectures , debates and book readings .
The talk is turning into a performing art ; the intellectual is becoming a stage act .
" Talks are stand - up without the jokes , " says David Johnson , Gladwell 's tour producer ( now there is a sign of changed times : a journalist with a tour manager ) .
" You get to a certain age and you do n't want to get drunk and be deafened by some rock band or heckle some bad comedian .
You 'd rather be informed instead , " he says .
Which is presumably why a fortnight ago , the Nobel - winning economist Paul Krugman packed out the London School of Economics for three nights running .
Full houses saw a middle - aged man with a greying beard and a blue suit jovially bringing up lecture slides that showed how the current financial crisis has left the world economy in a deep hole .
It was the PowerPoint Presentation of Doom , leavened with a fair few jokes - and it went down a storm .
That format - light humour and serious talk , delivered live by a big name - can be caught across the country at regional theatres and literary festivals .
This week , Barnstaple residents can spend an evening with Paddy Ashdown and Sir David Frost will visit Ludlow to talk about his life and times .
Both appearances will be put on by Clive Conway , who also handles Baroness Shirley Williams , Benjamin Zephaniah and Ann Widdecombe .
" It 's a chance for people to see someone they would normally see only on the TV , a charismatic and inspiring personality , " he says .
" They come away entertained but also slightly informed . "
Even the highbrows now have established performing names , guaranteed to draw a good crowd .
Lectures by Slavoj Zizek - the celebrity Leninist who resembles a cross between a giant bear and Latka from the sitcom Taxi - sell out far faster than any of his philosophy books .
And for those who prefer their politics served with more earnestness and less ideology , there is No Logo author Naomi Klein , a warmer , more inclusive speaker whose performances can sound as if she is thinking out loud .
But perhaps the biggest talk event happens next month , when an American organisation called TED holds a four - day conference in Oxford .
Up to 60 lecturers will speak for precisely 18 minutes each on subjects ranging from the eastern European mafia to whether solar - powered aeroplanes will ever ( ahem ) take off .
Tickets are going for £ 2,750 each ( although the hard - up get a £ 1,225 concessionary rate ) and only 30 of the 700 are left .
As such prices indicate , talks can make good business .
Conway started his lecture firm from scratch in 2001 ; now he mounts between 250 and 300 evenings a year .
David Johnson has a background as a comedy producer , but after promoting Gladwell he wants to do a show with the poet laureate , Carol - Ann Duffy ( " She 's got the makings of a superstar " ) .
His epiphany came in the winter of 2002 when putting on a series of spoken - word performances in London by the US film - maker Michael Moore .
The show was a mix of polemic against the imminent war on Iraq and broad jokes such as Moore using a leaf - blower to gust his underpants around the stage .
Most of all , it was a hit : 800 seats a performance at up to £ 30 each , eight shows a week , a five - week run - and the whole lot sold out .
" That showed me there was a huge public appetite for serious subjects , " says Johnson .
Gladwell , Moore , Krugman : you 'll have noticed the predominance of US names ( Klein is Canadian ) .
This is surely no accident , because what this shift also suggests is that the British intelligentsia , like so many other sectors , is becoming more American .
In the US republic of letters , big names employ speaking agents to schedule their lecture engagements and can expect thousands per show .
Gladwell , for instance , has spent much of his spring not writing , but talking : doing lectures , charity fundraisers and corporate events .
He has assembled a repertoire of 12 speeches , and has memorised half a dozen of them , each about 45 - minutes long .
But would n't Gladwell 's fans be happier if he delivered a new book or 10,000 - word feature rather than a talk ?
" One of my musician friends has a 16 - year - old daughter who never buys a CD but goes to concerts the entire time .
Me , I 'd prefer the recording , " he says .
" But it 's so easy to get the MP3 or the printed thing nowadays that the scarcity value is attached to the author or the musician , rather than what they produce . "
That comparison with the pop industry is a telling one .
The rock album is no longer a money - spinner ; gigs are where any cash gets made .
Book sales in the UK are flat rather than falling ( hardbacks are not as easy to pirate as MP3s - yet ) but even optimists describe the market as mature .
Which leaves publishers and authors looking around for other ways to whip up business , even if that means focusing less on books .
" It used to be that when a new title came out , you sent out copies to the reviewers and did a few bookshop signings and that was it , " says Caroline Priday of Princeton University Press .
" Now you 're not marketing the book so much as the author , looking for events and publicity for them to do all year round . "
The author - as - performer is not a new conjugation .
Charles Dickens and Oscar Wilde were accomplished public speakers , and by the 1920s money - spinning author appearances were sufficiently well established that the newly bestsellered Joseph Conrad gave it a go ( with disastrous results : the Polish author 's English was so thickly accented that even his private secretary struggled to understand him , and customers were not happy at paying for incomprehension , however literary ) .
But the talk is no longer a one - off .
It is a staple entertainment ; an evening lecture or reading has become a social alternative to the cinema .
There is just one problem with this : no one ever went into historical research to play Wembley .
Some do rise to the challenge .
Amit Chaudhuri produces both novels and music and has successfully experimented with performances where he showcases both .
The comedian Robin Ince is doing shows where jokes are woven around explanations of string theory .
Still , as the job title suggests , writers write rather than necessarily talk .
Some have enough difficulty socialising .
For those without such troubles , and a degree of fame , decent money awaits .
General Sir Mike Jackson , former chief of the British army , is at a posh hotel in Hampshire at the end of this month talking about his life ; at £ 55 each ( including lunch ) , all the tickets have already gone and the waiting list is over - subscribed too .
People who have stumped up to be there make a far easier audience than a Paxman or a Dimbleby .
" TV interviews are a form of mortal combat - they generate heat , but not light , " Jackson says .
" This forum allows for more mutual comprehension . "
It also does not hurt that one in five of those listening buys the speaker 's autobiography or latest book .
" This sort of audience just wants to sit in the presence of a celebrity author and receive his or her wisdom , " says Peter McDonald , an academic at St Hugh 's , Oxford .
" The audience wants the author to be a secular sage . "
But mark you , not too mystical a sage .
Because writers doing talks usually have to sacrifice subtlety and complexity .
In print one can wield stats , deploy graphs and take any amount of detours .
Try such fanciness in public speaking , and you risk losing your audience .
Ultimately , a reader may be challenged , but an audience must be engaged .
Last week , I went to a debate on MPs ' expenses in Kensington , west London .
Featuring a fine panel of historians and journalists , it was staged by Intelligence Squared , which claims to put on " intellectual blood sports " .
" People want to get out of their houses and away from their screens , " Hannah Kaye , one of the company 's debate organisers , had told me .
At the back of the hall were the couples on dates , fresh from the bar and ready to catch a couple of hours of talk before heading off for supper .
What they wanted was party apparatchiks and duck islands , and regular mentions of either were greeted with rousing jeers .
Up in the gallery , we were most definitely being played to - until , that is , the discussion got too serious .
Then the room temperature dropped : London Evening Standards were leafed through , and a lady began a furious game of Snake on her mobile .
Recklessly , one speaker launched into a taxonomy of the alternative vote , the list system and other details of proportional representation .
On the very last row , a woman began stroking her partner 's shaved head .
Whether it was meant romantically , or to assuage pain , was not clear .
The Obama administration has sought more stringent fuel standards for new cars , and Congress is debating regulations that would progressively limit carbon dioxide emissions throughout the economy .
The administration has taken a cautious approach to conventional energy resources , freezing leases to develop oil shale reserves and carefully reviewing future offshore leases for oil and gas .
Instead , the administration seeks to increase the share of renewable energy , especially wind and solar power .
But experts say that meeting these goals will prove challenging given the scale of the nation ’s energy use and the costs involved in switching from fossil fuels .
Shale gas currently provides a small fraction of the nation ’s total gas production .
But many experts believe the rising supply of natural gas means it can substitute for other fossil fuels .
With the output of conventional gas forecast to decline , the Energy Department expects that shale production will rise substantially to meet higher demand , as will imports .
Natural gas accounts for about a quarter of the nation ’s total energy use , and 22 percent of electrical production .
Coal accounts for about half of the nation ’s power generation , while oil dominates transportation fuels .
While gas generates less carbon dioxide than oil or coal , it still accounted for about 20 percent of domestic energy - related emissions in 2006 .
The Energy Department estimates that demand for natural gas will rise by 13 percent by 2030 .
In the power sector , utilities have been switching to natural gas from coal , but further increases in the use of gas will most likely depend on whether Congress puts a price on carbon dioxide emissions , as it is considering .
That would favor cleaner fuels like gas .
“ It ’s nice to have aspirations about renewable energy and efficiency , but we need to recognize these are long - term goals and that we need something to get us there in the meantime , ” said Guy F. Caruso , a former administrator of the Energy Information Administration .
“ Natural gas has a role to play as a bridge because of the long lead time and scalability issues of renewable fuels . ”
That the nation ’s gas reserves were bigger than expected does not mean they will necessarily be developed , Mr. Caruso warned .
“ There are some things to be cautious about , ” he said , “ and obviously one of them is cost , and the other is regulatory risk . ”
Photos from Grafton resident Finbah Neill .
Photos from The Daily Examiner .
POLICE have closed off access to Grafton as residents begin evacuating the city .
As rain continues to fall police road blocks are vetting anyone entering the city , only allowing bona fide residents access to their homes .
Around 2 pm the SES made an order for residents in Grafton and South Grafton to get out ASAP as the Clarence River threatened to overtop levee banks .
The SES predicted the Clarence River will peak at 7.8 m by midnight .
This is higher than the 2001 flood that came within 100 mm of breaking into the city .
Earlier in the day the SES ordered residents of Ulmarra and Brushgrove to leave their homes , putting into practice personal and business evacuation plans .
Evacuees were told to go to Ballina rather than Grafton .
The Premier of NSW , Nathan Rees , has declared the Northern Rivers area , including the Clarence Valley a natural disaster area .
Mr Rees said on Friday his government was ready to provide for the communities , after the region was hit with torrential rain and strong winds .
“ The declaration will provide for a range of assistance to cover personal hardship and distress as well as funding for those who have suffered property damage , including residents , councils , business owners and primary producers , ” he said .
The Daily Examiner will make every effort to distribute papers to all its normal outlets tomorrow .
How has the wild weather affected you ?
Tell us your story below or send us photos via email at editorial@finda.com.au .
Read more ...
Northern Rivers flood photos
Squalls blackout whole region
Background :
This is a 32 - page pamphlet issued by the Nazis during the July 1932 Reichstag campaign .
It was the fifteenth in a series of pamphlets issued by the party propaganda office , the Reichspropagandaleitung .
It lays out the main points on which the Nazis were campaigning .
Since the pamphlet is more illustration than text , I ’ve included the full pages , with translations underneath each page .
To keep the page size from becoming too large , I ’ve divided it into two sections , with a link to part II at the end of this page .
The source : Stürzt das System ( Munich : Franz Eher , 1932 ) .
Bring Down the System !
“ One of 6 million [ unemployed ] . ”
The cover has the unemployment card for a Nazi S.A. leader .
Page 2
The heading , which runs over into page 3 : “ On 9 November 1918 , the System ‘ won ’ through murder and terror . ”
Under the top picture is this caption : “ 1918 : Scheidemann declares a republic with these words : ‘ The people has been completely victorious . ”
It is followed by this text :
At the gravest hour in the history of the German nation , Marxism unleashed its long - planned revolution , and thereby stabbed the fighting soldiers at the front in the back .
Voices of the revolutionaries : “ The government that has resulted from this revolution has a leadership entirely socialist , and sees its task as implementing the socialist program . ”
( From the proclamation of representatives Ebert , Scheidemann , etc. , on 12.11.18 ) .
“ The capitalist system has collapsed .
The bourgeois monarchy has fallen .
The revolutionary proletariat has seized power .
Its goal is a socialist republic ! ” ( From the proclamation of the workers ’ and soldiers ’ councils of Dresden , Leipzig , and Chemnitz on 14.11.18 ) .
“ Workers and soldiers !
You have won a rapid and complete victory ....
Your government now leads the Reich . ” ( From Gustav Noske ’s government decree in Kiel on 11.11.18 , taken from Noske , Von Kiel bis Kapp , p. 56 ) .
“ A more total domestic success was not to be imagined .
People spoke proudly of a German socialist republic . ” ( Gustav Noske , Von Kiel bis Kapp , p. 59 ) .
“ The revolution was not made for its own sake , but rather for a better future . ” ( Erhard Auer , Das neue Bayern , p. 41 ) .
The caption of the bottom photograph : Armed revolutionaries drove through city streets .
Page 3 1918 : Revolutionaries stop a military vehicle .
Bloody civil war erupted .
The Red “ winners ” gathered around the booty .
Streams of the best German blood flowed in the chaos of revolution .
1918 : Street fighting in Berlin .
Machine gun positions at the Brandenburg Gate .
Page 4
Today they lie : “ The party of murderers ” : Today the Social Democratic press agitates when National Socialists attacked by Red murderers attempt to defend themselves .
Vorwärts complains about “ the party of murderers , ” forgetting that the parties of the Left introduced terror and political murders to Germany during the Social Democratic revolution .
It forgets that German workers ’ blood flowed during the birthing hours of the revolution , that one of its own members , the Jew Kuttner , shot a poor , innocent worker .
The top picture shows Kuttner , the bottom shows medics carrying a wounded person from the “ battleground of civil war . ”
Page 5
The System ’s first “ success ” : The loss of the German East !
While bloody civil war raged in Berlin and everywhere in the Reich , the German government withdrew German troops from the East .
The Poles could walk in and take over the disarmed and undefended territory .
The Reich lost the ancient German cultural territory of West Prussia .
The illustrations : the city hall in Thorn , the University in Posen , and the Marienburg .
Page 6 The System leads to civil war !
1919 : Social Democratic propaganda car during the election for the National Assembly .
While the parties of the Left elected a National Assembly by making loud promises , there was unrest throughout the Reich .
A Soviet republic was established in Munich by the Independents and Communists under the leadership of Russian Jews , and for three weeks bloody terror ruled Munich .
As the Free Corps neared Munich , intending to liberate it , the bestial Marxists took innocent citizens hostage , and shot some of them , including a woman , in the Luitpold Gymnasium .
Only after hard , bloody battles was the Free Corps able to free the city from bloody Red terror .
1919 : The wall in the Luitpold Gymnasium where the bestial Red guards murdered innocent hostages , among them a woman .
Adjacent picture :
The murder decree ordering the shooting of the Munich hostages .
Page 7 Munich : A church ruined and plundered by Marxists . [ top ]
A building damaged by shells in Munich .
[ bottom left ]
The Liberator of Munich , the National Socialist General von Epp. [ bottom right ]
Page 8 The System signed the Treaty of Versailles and tolerated separatism .
The German people , torn apart and shattered by civil war , was forced to sign the Treaty of Versailles .
Instead of resisting this shameful dictate like a man , the Social Democrat Hermann Müller and the Center Party ’s man Dr. Bell signed it on 28 June 1919 in the Hall of Mirrors at Versailles .
Under this treaty , Germany lost the following percentages ( as of 1913 ) : Territory 13 % Population 10 % Coal 25.9 % Iron ore 74.5 % Zinc ore 68.3 %
Wheat and rye 15.7 % Potatoes 18 % Merchant fleet 89.4 % Colonies 100 %
And the ultimate to which any people was ever subjected : Germany was declared solely responsible for the World War .
Page 9
While Germany fought for its existence , separatists in the Rhine area , supported by France , tried to turn Germany ’s western region into an autonomous zone .
The current chairman of the Center Party , Prelate Kaas , was accused for years of favoring the separation of the Rhine area from the Reich , or before that , from Prussia .
In March 1919 , Kaas signed a letter to the Center Party ’s leader Trimborn that said : “ The Rhine Republic sends enthusiastic greetings from the banks of the Mosel . ” Citizens of Trier of every class .
According to the Trierischer Landesezeitung of 23 September 1919 , the day before Kaas had said : “ I have been a friend of these efforts ( establishing a Rhine free state ) from the beginning .
I have never been among those who make the most noise about a Rhine free state , but rather probably among those who have worked the hardest to realize the dream of the Rhine region ...
Long live the autonomous Rhine state ! ”
Kaas asked the French delegate Colonel Cachet in Trier this clear question : “ When are you going to throw out the Prussian rabble ? ”
In 1920 , Kaas said this to the Center Party delegates to the National Assembly , Legendre , Mr. Marx , and Dr. Theiß in Trier : “ Do what you want , but I will emigrate rather than become a Prussian . ”
And the head of the French school in Trier stated : “ One will be astonished to learn what Prelate Kaas offered to us French .
His offers go far beyond what the separatists ever wanted or offered . ”
Bottom : the handwriting is the text of Kaas ’s message , quoted above .
The separatist leader Matthes before his cronies .
Page 10 The System causes inflation !
The gutter press today accuses the National Socialists of wanting inflation .
With this miserable lie that lacks any kind of proof , the Black - Red parties are attempting to divert the masses from the fact that they are the real culprits behind the inflation of 1923 .
How was it back then ?
To satisfy the greed of their party leaders , the Black - Red parties ran the printing presses at ever - increasing speed .
The result of this senseless waste of paper was the inflation of 1923 , which destroyed the wealth of the German people and ruined thousands of lives .
Even today , those inflation criminals remain unpunished .
The chart in the middle of the page shows the increase in inflation between 1918 and November 1923 .
Bottom Picture : Piles of paper money climbed to the ceiling in the banks .
Page 11 The System ’s beneficiaries !
The S.P.D. ’s Breitscheid with comrades .
They represent starving workers .
Police President Grezesinsky ( left ) enjoys a good meal .
But Disabled war veterans have to starve .
Page 12 The System allows Eastern Jews to plunder Germany !
Iwan Kutisker , an Eastern Jewish crook and black marketer , spoke only broken German .
Kutisker defrauded the state of 14 million marks .
He was helped by Social Democratic party hacks .
In 1920 , 5 billion gold marks of military property disappeared into the hands of black marketers .
Page 13 The Jew Julius Barmat defrauded the state of 39 million gold marks , and was sentenced to 11 months in prison .
His six months of pre-trial custody counted toward that .
The government pardoned him for the remaining 5 months .
Prominent Social Democrats such as Ebert , Reich Chancellor Bauer , Scheidemann , Wels , Heilmann , etc. , had the closest relations with Barmat , the Eastern Jewish black marketer .
Social Democratic chairman Otto Wels .
He provided Barmat with a letter of recommendation to English Prime Minister Macdonald .
Philipp Scheidemann
The owner of a large luxury hotel in Zandvoort , Holland , had this to say about Scheidemann ’s relations with Barmat : “ Mr. Scheidemann , Mayor of Kassel , and his wife stayed in my hotel in Zandvoort for four weeks .
Mr. Julius Barmat came to visit once a week in his car .
Mr. Scheidemann ’s bill each week went to Barmat & Company , which paid it each week . ”
Scheidemann receives a yearly pension of 50,000 Marks .
In total , the Reich lost 48 million gold marks of goods to black marketers .
Page 14 Party hacks and corruption :
The halalmarks of the System With the arrival of party membership book civil servants in Germany came those Social Democratic party hacks who lacked all sense of honor and duty .
They associated with , and accepted gifts from , Eastern Jewish black marketers , profiteers , and crooks .
In return , Eastern Jewish immigrants were loaned state money .
The state , and thereby the taxpayers , were defrauded of millions and millions of gold marks in this way .
Barmat , Kutisker , and Sklarek are classic examples on one side .
On the other side were the Police President of Berlin , judges , those who picked up those golden toothpicks “ left ” by Barmat , and dozens of corrupt Social Democrats .
Top Picture : Former Berlin Police President Richter ( center ) , who was gifted with a golden toothpick by his “ friend Julius ” ( Julius Barmat ) .
Lower Picture : Weismann at a party in 1930 .
Weismann , a full - blooded Jew , was first a Protestant , then a Catholic who made a pilgrimage to the pope .
First he was a Democrat , then a Marxist , and now a Center Party man .
To keep to threes , he is state secretary in the Ministry of State , state secretary in the office of the Minister President [ of Prussia ] , representative of the Prussian government .
For years , he has been publicly accused of perjury .
Despite that , Weismann now , as in the past , may clothe himself in the most important positions in the Prussian government .
Go to Part II [ Page copyright © 2009 by Randall Bytwerk .
No unauthorized reproduction .
My e-mail address is available on the FAQ page . ]
Go to the pre-1933 Page .
Go to the German Propaganda Home Page .
Buying a fish whole almost always means a cheaper , fresher meal , but how do you turn it into dinner ?
We asked a chef to show us how to filet a fish , and we filmed it for good measure .
Advertisement
Art Rogers , chef - owner of Lento restaurant in Rochester , NY , would move a bit quicker with his fish if he was on the dinner line , but since we met up during relative down time ( you can tell from the kitchen crew singing ! ) , he 's slowly demonstrating how to get your knife into your fish and right next to the bone , and how to remove the straggler bones and tendons from your filets .
As with Rogers ' demonstration of how to slice and dice an onion like a pro , you 'll want a strong , sharp knife .
Rogers suggests that , even if you get your fish cleaned and scaled , ask to have the head left on , as you 'll have more leverage when you 're cutting .
If you 've got a strong enough knife , it 's really just a matter of keeping as close to the main lateral bone as possible , and then cutting up and out to release a filet .
Pan cooking a thin filet like this little red snapper is the way to go , and there are a few cooking suggestions near the end .
Advertisement
Also similar to our previous chef video : the occasionally shaky camera work and bad try - outs ( digital zoom , " macro mode " ) of our brand - new Kodak Zi6 .
We apologize for the unsteady framing , but the guts of this exercise ( pun intended ) are pretty visible .
Thanks again to Art Rogers and the occasionally tuneful kitchen crew at Lento for letting us film and learn in their kitchen .
You are at INPE :: Earth System Science Centre :: Geospatial Change Modelling Research :: Formal Models for Spatiotemporal Data
Geospatial data consists of a collection of spatial , non-spatial and spatio - temporal data types and operations on them .
Many spatial analysis problems can be expressed as algebraic theories , which formalize these spatial components in a rigorous and generic way .
Functional languages express the semantics of abstract data types directly and allow building of complex geospatial systems from small parts .
Each of these small parts is expressed as an algebra and developed in a rigorous and testable fashion .
The resulting algebras are abstract building blocks which can be combined to create more complex solutions .
Rep. Jane Harman , the Venice Democrat , has long denied allegations that she lobbied the Justice Department to reduce spying charges against top officials at the American Israeli Public Affairs Committee , the powerful pro-Israel advocacy group .
According to the original story , Harman was said to have promised this lobbying help to a suspected Israeli agent in exchange for his assistance in getting House Speaker Nancy Pelosi to award her chairmanship of the House Intelligence Committee -- a post Harman has long coveted .
But CQ's Jeff Stein , quoting intelligence sources , today added a new wrinkle to the allegations .
He reported that Harman was heard on a National Security Agency wiretap telling the Israeli agent she would “ waddle into ” the AIPAC case “ if you think it ’ll make a difference . ”
And that she apparently ended her conversation with that ever - popular farewell among friends , “ This conversation does n’t exist . ”
Harman issued a furious rebuttal today .
In a prepared statement , she said :
These claims are an outrageous and recycled canard , and have no basis in fact .
I never engaged in any such activity .
Those who are peddling these false accusations should be ashamed of themselves .
As Stein said , " It ’s true that allegations of pro-Israel lobbyists trying to help Harman get the chairmanship of the intelligence panel by lobbying and raising money for Pelosi are n’t new . "
Neither , he said , is the allegation that the FBI dropped its investigation of the case for " a lack of evidence . "
What is new , Stein said , is word from intelligence sources about the court - approved NSA tap , and about this nugget : those same sources say the case was dropped not for lack of evidence but because of pressure from Bush Atty .
Gen. Alberto Gonzales , who apparently hoped in return that Harman would help President Bush win approval for its warrantless wiretap program .
Pelosi never did give Harman the chairmanship , passing her over for Sylvester Reyes , the El Paso Democrat who became the first Latino to hold the job .
Many at the time criticized the new speaker for the move , decrying it as a blatant play for the Hispanic vote and wondering if Pelosi nursed a catfight - like grudge between two wealthy , powerful , fashionable California Democrats .
In light of this new story , Wonkette speculated this morning that maybe the feud was less a war of fashion and hairdos than " dirty intelligence . "
-- Johanna Neuman
Just click here to register for automatic Twitter alerts on each new Ticket item or follow @latimestot
Photo credit : Associated Press
Wall Street Journal
The Volokh Conspiracy
internal
According to this opinion piece , the cap - and - trade carbon emission restriction system being pushed through Congress now by Democrats will be the single biggest tax in US history .
The Congressional Budget Office estimated that the bill -- commonly called the Waxman - Markey bill -- would cost only $ 175 a year by 2020 , yet openly acknowledged that this estimate did not even attempt to estimate the broader economic effects of such a massive regulation - and - taxation system .
Similarly , the CBO used unrealistic tax estimates , ignoring the way in which the program is designed to ratchet up taxes and decrease carbon emission caps over time .
More comprehensive analysis by the Heritage Foundation found that the bill would have an enormous effect on economic growth , costing $ 1,870 for a family of four in 2020 and up to $ 6,800 for a family of four in 2035 .
In addition , the program -- which is in reality a severe tax on all energy consumption and therefore all economic activity -- is expected to dramatically slow economic growth .
Many industrial sectors will be hard hit by the massive new tax , as they are forced to increase prices , decrease production , and most probably lay off some of their workers .
As the economy slows under the weight of this massive new taxation system , gas and electricity prices will rise dramatically even as unemployment rises .
Jim Lindgren at points out that even with these horrible effects on the economy , the decrease in carbon emissions due to the program will fail utterly to make a difference in the big picture of global warming .
Lindgren compares the bill to the disastrous Smoot - Hawley bill of 1930 , which imposed large tariffs and is widely recognized to have made the Great Depression much worse .
In fact , as Lindgren points out , the bill will act much like antariff , and will likely have even more serious effects than the Smoot - Hawley bill .
With the economy still suffering , the last thing Americans need is an expensive , harmful , and ineffective federal program that sabotages the economy for the sake of environmental posturing .
As a critic of media , in particular of cable / satellite " news , " I 'm troubled by American corporate - media , specifically CNN 's near non-stop coverage of the turmoil in Iran .
Not because the story is n't important .
It 's critically important and warrants the personal coverage it 's getting from the Iranian people as they bypass corporate channels to tell their stories on facebook , youtube , flickr and twitter .
Thanks to Iran 's tech - savvy society , old - time corporate media is now relegated to the position of new - media aggregator , whoring its visibility to co-opt the Iranian people 's new - media messages to America and the world .
Old - media , and specifically CNN , are learning the difficult lesson that with or without their vast resources and state of the art studios , the Iranians ' stories will be told .
And they 'll be told to tens of millions more viewers than cable and satellite programs tend to reach .
Despite CNN 's attempt to co-opt the scope of new - media in the Iranian social justice movement and present it as a novel approach , social networking venues have been used by activists around the world to broadcast and document grassroots activities that corporate - media either buried or refused to report .
Youtube and flickr have long been used by grassroots organizations in the United States and elsewhere to document and corroborate socio-political actions such as marches and rallies which opposed the Iraq war , Bush administration policies , and corporate greed , but were n't in corporate - media 's interest to cover since they challenged the power elite : their advertisers and government cronies .
As a participatory journalist who 's been present at a multitude of marches and rallies that were spurned by corporate - media , I 've consistently used new - media to document corporate - media ignored or buried events .
Witness in this article written in August '08 during the Democratic National Convention , the baton bashing of a woman anti-war activist in Denver by a Colorado law enforcement officer that was virtually ignored by corporate - media .
For the past several years the anti-war movement has photographed for flickr and video'd for youtube the number of attendees at its events to counter the reckless underreporting by corporate controlled print and TV news .
As reported by Indymedia , the St. Paul police routinely beat and arrested progressive protesters during the 2008 Republican National Convention in Minnesota when they protested the improprieties of their government , yet these events got little corporate - media coverage , with no visible TV " anchor " sympathy shown for those who were beaten .
Instead , Americans who have challenged the policies of the US government have been mocked and overlooked by their own country 's media , while those in other nations who challenge the leadership of non US allies like Iran , Argentina and Bolivia get enthusiastic coverage .
The hypocrisy is astounding .
Why is corporate - media so willing to provide wall - to - wall coverage of the people 's movement in Iran and graphic images of the Iranian government 's brutality , but unwilling to cover the progressive anti-war movement in America and the police brutality here ?
Jingoism is n't journalism !
Again , I do n't mean to diminish the momentousness of the socio-political happenings in Iran , nor the valor of the Iranian people as they face off against their tyrannical government .
I 'm in awe of their patriotism and heroism and I want them to prevail .
Still I question whether corporate - media 's intense coverage and uncharacteristic emoting are in the best interests of the people of Iran .
As the Iranian Revolutionary Guard 's graphic violence against the people is continually televised , some in this country may soften to the idea of American intervention in Iran , as happened with Iraq after ongoing corporate - media / Bush administration / anti Iraq indoctrination .
Absurd inflammatory statements have already been made by corporate - media representatives , notably by CNN , that can drive the case to support military action .
Witness the video below of CNN anchor Don Lemon 's wanton assertion of a correlation between Iran and Rwanda , suggesting that Iran may be the new Rwanda and the United States may suffer similar regret for non-action as it did for not interceding in the 1994 Rwandan genocide .
Here 's the video of Lemon making that ludicrous comparison , which he has made more than once :
I question the motives and involvement of the same corporate - media that sold an unnecessary preemptive war and profited from its prosecution .
I 'm suspect of a corporate - media that co-opts people 's personal media reports , then re-frames and retells them using the same corporate launch pads that propelled an illegal war .
I 'm distrustful of the same corporate - media that refuses to show graphic murders in Iraq that involve our American military , but broadcasts murders by the military of a nation America opposes .
And worse , I 'm infuriated by that same Corporate News Network , CNN , that had the temerity on Sunday to feature Paul Wolfowitz being interviewed by Wolf Blitzer in a discussion on Iran .
The same Paul Wolfowitz who was a principal architect of the Iraq war , and who on Sunday used the ominous words " the darkness is falling " to support his argument for outside " assistance " for Iran .
Really , CNN , have you no shame ?
I 'm nervous folks .
I hear the drums of corporate - media pounding to engage Iran -- and they are n't pounding diplomacy .
I see a clear and present danger .
I hope I 'm wrong .
And I sincerely hope Barack Obama maintains his politically sound disengagement and does n't follow the drum beats to war .
_______
About author Linda Milazzo is a Los Angeles based writer , educator and activist .
Since 1974 , she has divided her time between the entertainment industry , government organizations & community development projects , and educational programs .
Linda began her writing career over 30 years ago , starting out in advertising and promotions .
From 1976 to 1989 , she operated an independent public relations service providing specialty writing for individual and corporate clients .
For the past six years , Linda has focused on political writing .
Her essays , letters and commentaries have appeared in domestic and international journals , newspapers , magazines and on dozens of respected news and opinion websites .
She 's an educator and creator of a writers ' program she 's taught privately and in public schools .
She currently facilitates an advocacy writing workshop and is developing an advocacy writing program to be implemented in public and private educational institutions and in community based organizations .
A political and social activist since the Vietnam War , Linda attributes her revitalized - fully - engaged - intense - head - on - non - stop - political activism to the UNFORTUNATE EXISTENCE OF GEORGE W. BUSH and her disgust with greed - ridden American imperialism , environmental atrocities , egregious war , nuclear proliferation , lying leaders , and global tyranny !
April 16 , 2009 - Kerry Davis and Scott Dalton
Survival Mode pits your team against never ending waves of infected .
Sounds simple .
Just trap the survivors in a small part of a map , unleash the hordes , and record the longest time .
Survival Mode , which will be released next week , is actually a bit more than that .
Our goals for Survival Mode are to deliver a mode of play distinct from Campaign or Versus , have games that regularly last under ten minutes , and emphasize competition with team play through leaderboards .
Survival Mode draws on the planning and communication aspects of a successful Finale or Crescendo event , while taking it to another level .
It rapidly hits a fever pitch that only a well coordinated team will be able to successfully survive .
Everything from simply covering a reviving teammate , to making every shot count to minimize reloads becomes crucial in Survival Mode .
Given the importance of pacing in Survival Mode , we need to define as precisely as possible how the difficulty ramps up during the course of a round .
We have numerous variables to work with : mob spawn frequency , special infected spawn frequency , number of each type of special infected , total number of special infected , tank spawn frequency , total number of tanks , and so on .
We need all of these variables to work together to create a fairly smooth difficulty curve .
If the curve ramps up too sharply , we find that teams of all skill levels tend to hit a wall at the same time .
There is n't enough variation in the times to separate great teams from average ones .
If the curve is too flat , then average teams will have a good experience , but really good teams can grind on long enough to cross the line from having fun to just getting worn out .
It might seem that just gradually increasing spawn rates and numbers of infected will create a nice smooth curve , but it turns out to be much trickier than that .
Each type of infected has its own spawn schedule , so even though the individual spawn curves may be designed to be fairly easy at a particular point in time , sometimes they overlap in just such a way that the players find themselves in a really bad situation far earlier than we intend .
For example , a tank will be much harder to fight if a mob of common infected spawns at the same time - and nearly impossible if three hunters also show up right at that moment .
A similar situation can happen due to variables outside our control - a team may not dispatch a tank or mob quickly enough , causing subsequent waves to start arriving and piling on to an already difficult battle .
It 's also hard to anticipate when teams will need to make an ammo run or heal up , both of which can be extremely difficult only a few minutes into the round .
In order to help visualize these overlap points and the collapse of each spawn curve , we graphed out the wave behavior of infected over the course of a survival round .
The last variable we added was the " lull " - a short interval of time during which nothing new will spawn .
Each lull gets slightly longer as the round progresses , but that 's no guarantee the team will actually see the lull - it just prevents new infected from spawning .
It does n't help with infected that are already in the arena .
Killing mobs and tanks as quickly as possible is the best way to ensure that a team can take advantage of a lull to heal , resupply ammo , or just move to a better location with more supplies .
Given the extreme pace of Survival Mode , the number of zombies killed in a single round often outnumbers an entire campaign .
Even optimizing towards using pistols to eliminate common hordes , ammunition usually becomes an issue at some point .
As ammo piles provide a unique infinite resupply for players , they tend to be in relatively less defensible positions in the Survival arenas .
This means making an all important ammo run is rarely a safe proposition and requires good teamwork and planning .
Timing your resources correctly to be able to make a run when necessary can make or break a team .
The perfect pipebomb or well placed molotov can mean the difference between a cakewalk and catastrophe .
The Hospital Elevator , for example , might seem like an easy Crescendo Event to conquer .
Hit the elevator button and holdout until the doors open for a quick escape .
In Survival Mode , however , the area begins locked down .
Areas open as the hordes come in , breaking down the doors to reach the survivors .
In each room there are additional caches of vital pills , pipes , and Molotovs .
By moving from location to location , using up the plentiful supplies as needed , a team can maximize their time in a game where the elevator never arrives to offer escape .
In other maps , items may be less plentiful and require careful planning on their usage .
Managing one 's inventory and resources works hand - in - hand with teamwork in Survival Mode .
Next week you will be able to see our design in action when the DLC is released for the PC and 360 .
Yesterday was the 10th Iranian Presidential Election .
The major candidates for presidency were Mousavi and Ahmadinejad , the current president of Iran .
Many of the Iranians were willing to try to make sure that Ahmadinejad would not get re-elected for another four years , and most of them started supporting Mousavi .
The competition became more intense after some of controversial debates on the national TV , and supporters of Mousavi and Ahmadinejad started to protest and demonstrate on the streets , vouching for their respective candidate .
Mousavi 's campaign chose the color green as their color sign .
More and more people started to take part in the demonstrations in support of Mousavi and opinion polls started to show that Mousavi has excelled in vote count by a considerable margin .
I did n't hear of any violence in these demonstrations , and things were all looking good .
People started unofficial campaigns to encourage voting in order to maximize Mousavi 's votes .
I and many others were certain that Mousavi would win the election on Friday , but things did n't work out as we hoped .
The first vote counts were announced today at about 12:20 AM , with Ahmadinejad having about 69 % of the votes .
That was surprising , but considering the fact that the votes from rural places are counted first , and he has a better reputation in those areas , the news was n't alarming .
The later results however started to get us worried .
In fact , I could n't get much sleep last night .
One important point was that as more votes were counted , the ratio between the votes for major candidates did n't change much , and things were moving on in a linear fashion .
That simply cannot happen in a real society , because the people in cities and villages , and even in different cities do not think like each other .
After some time , we figured that we can actually predict the results by simply extrapolating the linear graphs given the number of votes counted at any given time !
Let me share the graph of the changes of the number of votes for three pairs of candidates .
Things went on and around 8:00 AM when most people were waking up , the results were down to Ahmadinejad having 65 % of the votes , and Mousavi having only 32 % , with the other two candidates having less than 2 % and 1 % , respectively .
80 % of the votes were counted until then , according to the Interior Ministry which runs the election here .
In the early morning , everyone was shocked to hear about the poll results .
We were calling up friends and family and asking “ Can you believe this ?!
What 's going on ? " .
After a while , anger and hatred replaced the shock , and people started to gather on the streets .
The police , who were running the “ Authority Maneuver ” on the city streets from yesterday had orders to split out any gathering ( which was seemingly defined to include even two people standing besides each other on the street ) confronted people , and starting nearly before noon , we heard that they have started to beat up people who refuse their orders of dispersal .
I did n't believe it until I heard it from a friend who had eye - witnessed .
Communication have been limited to phone calls , since starting from late Thursday the text message service ( which was Mousavi 's primary information media given their lack of newspapers and TV stations ) was shut down throughout the whole country , many of the reformist websites were filtered starting from last night , and the national TV only broadcasts official government announcements .
The universities which are facing the exam season were also closed until Monday .
After noon , the people gatherings started to turn into riots .
People including mere pedestrians , women and elderlies were beaten up on the streets , and more and more people started to protest against the police forces , demanding their voice to be heard and election results be re-evaluated .
But all hopes were lost around 2:30 PM when the government announced the official results stating a win of 63 % for Ahmadinejad against 34 % for Mousavi and Rezaee and Karroubi with 2 % and 1 % , respectively .
The protests entered a new level .
The police started to use tear gas , and people started to fire up trash cans in order to neutralize the effect of the tear gas .
According to the pictures and movies posted online , and also my friends eye - witnessing the events , people started to throw stones to the police and the police reciprocated in addition to beating the people with batons .
I saw pictures of a bus fired up by the people , and heard of many many people who were confronted with the police .
According to them , the police even started to break the car and house windows .
Ahmadinejad appeared on the national TV about an hour ago to assert his victory , but the TV here did n't mention the riots and unrest even once .
According to them , a normal election was hold and the results were correctly counted and reported to the public .
Mousavi and other reformist candidates and campaigners have mostly gone silent starting from last night , and at best case have only issued statements assuring people that they will pursue the vote of the people , but no one is really hopeful .
I have also heard that the police has started to arrest members of the Mosharekat Party , which is a reformist party here .
The amount of information posted online is shocking , photos and videos are being posted on Facebook , YouTube and Flickr , but the government is starting to filter those sites as well .
You can see samples of the pictures and videos on those sites , among elsewhere .
I 'm really worried about the current state of affairs .
I was too scared today to get out of the house , and too sad to get any real work done .
I 'm not sure what happens tomorrow but I get the feeling that it wo n't be pleasant .
I think we 're going to have dark days ahead of us , today being the first .
I decided to post this to Planet Mozilla as well in order to spread the word .
This is my first time posting a personal note on Planet Mozilla , and I hope that my fellow Mozillaians wo n't mind .
“ As my colleague Michelle Menga is reporting , Amazon is now making new source code available for its Amazon Kindle .
Basically what it represents is , Amazon ’s responsibility to make the GPL licenced source code that is used in the Kindle available to others .
That ’s part of the GPL license and Amazon is doing its part .
Digging into the code that Amazon is now making available , provides some really interesting insight into the underlying structure of the Kindle . ”
A Belgian girl who claimed 56 stars were tattooed on her face while she slept has admitted she lied and that she willingly asked for the striking design .
Kimberley Vlaeminck said she " initially adored " the tattoos , but when her father reacted furiously she had decided to lie about it and blame the tattooist , London 's said .
Kimberley Vlaeminck , 18 , claims she was sleeping when Rouslan Toumaniantz tattooed 56 stars on her face .
Ms Vlaeminck , 18 , made international headlines last week after she said she fell asleep after asking the tattooist for just three small stars , only to wake and find her face covered .
She said the Flemish - speaking tattooist had not been able to understand her French and English instructions , and vowed to sue him for the money to have the tattoos surgically removed .
Richard Hollingham
Presenter , Frontiers
Clouds are not as pure as they look
On the edge of an east London rooftop stands an increasingly bedraggled man .
Arms outstretched , the rain lashes at his face and cascades down his beard onto sopping clothes .
In each hand he holds out a dish containing tiny metal crucibles ; he grins as the raindrops ping against the containers .
Just another day at the office for University of East London scientist Bruce Moffett and the perfect weather to investigate the biological properties of rain .
The idea that bacteria in the clouds cause rain might , at first , rank as one of the more bizarre scientific theories .
It takes a quarter of a million of these to make one litre
However , over the past 25 years a small group of scientists has been studying the role bacteria in the clouds might play in our weather and , with papers published in leading scientific journals , the evidence that they 're right is beginning to stack up .
" It takes something like a quarter of a million rain drops to make one litre , " Moffett shouts to me through the wind .
Fortunately we do n't need a litre .
" I 've got to make sure I have a raindrop in each . "
And then it 's back to the lab to see what 's in there .
Ice makers Before rain can fall - at least in temperate climates - the water in clouds has to freeze .
But - and you may not believe this - sometimes , water does n't freeze at 0C .
Pure water will not freeze until - 40C , and clouds rarely get that cold .
So to get water to freeze you need some help .
A catalyst such as soot or dust will do the trick but if you want water to freeze at relatively warm temperatures , say around - 5C or - 6C , bacteria turn out to be the best " ice nucleators " .
Cindy Morris , a plant pathologist at the French National Research Institute for Agriculture in Avignon , has identified a particular bacterium , Pseudomonas syringae , which is extremely effective at making water freeze .
In her lab she takes a tube of water , cooled to - 6C ( and not frozen ) , and puts in a single drop of bacterial culture .
Within about two seconds , the water has turned to ice .
Bacteria found in crops may make the best " ice nucleators "
It 's an impressive demonstration .
" There 's nothing magic about it , " laughs Morris .
" You ca n't break the laws of physics . "
Pseudomonas syringae is found on the leaves of plants .
By forming ice , the bacteria damages cell walls , releasing nutrients that it can then feed on .
But these organisms can easily get carried off by the wind and , once airborne in the clouds , pull off the same trick and persuade water droplets to freeze .
At least that 's the theory .
" It 's a big question , " admits Morris .
" Are they involved in the events that lead to rain formation ?
Because if they are - these bacteria are the products of agriculture - does agriculture have any consequence for the amount of rain that could be formed ? "
Rain makers
This theory of a natural cycle between crops and clouds is one of the most exciting ideas to emerge in this new science of what is sometimes called bioprecipitation .
Could planting the right crops be a tool to control rain ?
Morris has a series of experiments underway to try to demonstrate , beyond question , that these bacteria can be carried into the air .
Proving that would at least complete part of this scientific jigsaw .
So if - and it's a big if - these scientists can prove that biological particles play a significant role in rainfall , might it be possible to manipulate the process ?
David Sands , professor of plant pathology at Montana State University , suggests that without the right crops , there wo n't be the rain .
" In Darfur , or even in Australia , where they have n't had rain , we could do the wrong thing by not controlling our overgrazing , by not growing varieties of wheat or barley that can support these bacteria , " says Professor Sands .
Crops to change the weather ?
Perhaps that researcher standing on the roof in the pouring rain is n't so crazy after all .
Frontiers is on Radio Four at 2100 BST on 15 June .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The commenters among you who 've been foolish enough to cross swords with the Moderatrix know that she does n't suffer fools gladly - and quite right too .
However , in case you 're wondering what happens to those who really do n't know when to zip it , and persist in gobbing off when any sane person would have retreated like a whipped dog , here 's a cautionary snap :
Yup , so now you know .
For the record , the Moderatrix 's basement boudoir is a soundproofed facility specifically constructed for the strict correction of the opinionated hoi polloi .
Regarding the dog , you really do n't want to know , but suffice it to say he 's very , very fond of meatballs ... ®
Free Money .
Just the sound of that statement is likely to get your attention .
Maybe you are skeptical or perhaps you are intrigued by those two words � no matter , when it comes to scholarships in the business aviation community there are some options available to you that are worth your exploring .
Yes , financing your own education in the world of corporate flying can get expensive , but there are ways that you can take a class and / or receive certification at no cost to you .
Please read on and we�ll examine some of the scholarship options currently available .
It doesn�t matter if you are new to corporate aviation or if you are a seasoned veteran .
Thanks to the generosity of several National Business Aviation Association ( NBAA ) member companies , you can apply for a scholarship that can cover the cost of training .
Each year , beginning around February 1st , the NBAA Flight Attendant Committee typically announces the opening of their Flight Attendant / Flight Technician Scholarship application period .
Applicants are invited to apply for a scholarship and will be considered for one as long as their application is in by March 31st .
Nearly 60 scholarships are awarded annually , but what makes this so interesting is that usually no more than 100 - 125 people apply !
Yes , if you apply and follow all of the instructions given , you stand a good chance of winning .
Of course , if you are one of those who does not win you can always apply again in subsequent years � some members of our online community have won multiple times .
You aren�t required to be an NBAA member to qualify and if you do win a scholarship the NBAA Flight Attendant Committee typically will allow you to attend the annual Flight Attendant Conference for free .
Although you are responsible for your own transportation , meals , and lodging when attending the conference or when completing your training , you will save several hundred to several thousand dollars of dollars when you win a scholarship .
The NBAA is n�t the only organization that gives away business aviation scholarships .
The Women in Aviation International ( WAI ) group awards scholarships annually as well .
Unlike the NBAA , you do have to be a member of the WAI in order to apply for a scholarship .
However , membership is just $ 39 annually so it could be worth your while to join the group and then apply .
Yes , men are welcome to join the WAI too .
Some schools and organizations offer scholarships for those who apply directly .
This information changes frequently but a visit to the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association ( AOPA ) website is helpful as they maintain a list of scholarship providers .
Finally , check around the internet and visit some of the other links provided herein to find some financing options that may be available to you .
As in any field , business aviation requires that you invest in yourself through training and personal development .
If you can win a scholarship to defray some of the costs related to furthering your career , then you are already ahead of the game .
Author Information :
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Carmaker Porsche says it has agreed a merger with fellow German manufacturer Volkswagen ( VW ) after weeks of talks between the two firms ' management .
The luxury carmaker said in a statement that it wanted to see the " creation of an integrated car manufacturing group " .
VW hailed the decision of the Porsche and Piech families , owners of Porsche group , to create the merger .
It means a Porsche takeover of VW will not happen .
The format of the new group will be decided in the next four weeks .
Talks will now take place between the two carmakers , VW 's home state of Lower Saxony , and employee representatives .
The state 's president Christian Wulff said in a statement : " We are ready for discussions , which must be carried out quickly . "
Brand independence Porsche will now hold further discussions with VW
The move should unite 10 brands under one roof , Porsche said .
Nine of the brands are owned by VW , and the other is the Porsche sports car brand .
" In the final structure 10 brands shall stand below an integrative leading company alongside each other , whereby the independence of all brands and explicitly also of Porsche shall be ensured , " a Porsche statement said .
It also said that its plan would also include unspecified " capital measures " .
In January , Porsche announced it had increased its stake in Volkswagen to more than 50 % , and said it planned to lift its stake in VW to 75 % .
However , even with a 75 % stake it would not have been able to take complete control because under the " VW law " the state of Lower Saxony , which holds a 20 % stake , can block strategic decisions .
Stock markets had closed before the announcement , with Porsche shares up 1.2 % , and VW 's down slightly , by 0.4 % .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Artist 's conception of the Lunatrex spacecraft on its way to the moon .
Nearly 40 years after Americans first set foot on themoon on July 20 , 1969 with NASA 's historic Apollo 11 flight , a host of privaterocketeers are hoping to follow to win a $ 30 million prize .
Here , SPACE .comlooks at Lunatrex , one of 17 teams competing in the Google Lunar X Prize :
Lunatrex may have considered itself an underdog in the racefor the Google Lunar X PRIZE , but the team now realizes that itsslow - but - steady approach just might work .
" I feel very good about our team ?s chances , " said Pete Bitar , Lunatrex team leader .
" Our approach is very sober , very realistic , with plentyof margin and room for error ?it?s got risks , but the risks all have hedges . "
That approach is encapsulated in the team 's plan to use anelectric propulsion engine to reach the moon over several months , rather thandays .
Spacecraft such as Deep Space 1 and the Dawnprobe have used such engines to shoot a stream of charged particles out andslowly accelerate .
Once the spacecraft reaches the moon , the GoogleLunar X Prize requires teams to land a robot on the moon , move at least 1,640 feet ( 500 meters ) and beam high definition views back to Earth .
The Lunatrex spacecraft would build up speed in Earth orbit beforesetting off for its lunar destination , giving the team plenty of time to adjustif needed .
" For any course correction you have weeks , notminutes , " Bitar told SPACE.com , pointing out that the gradualresponse contrasts with short missions that need many things to happen in ashort amount of time .
Other advantages include using tested off - the - shelftechnology , which again reduces the mission risks .
Electric propulsion enginesalso use less fuel than conventional engines , which would cut both fuel andlaunch costs for Lunatrex .
" Our approach made sense not just to us , but to a lotof bigger players too , " Bitar noted .
" Both from a businessdevelopment and launch attempt , we ?re taking it very cautiously . "
Perhaps the most unusual features of the Lunatrex plan involvethe rovers .
One rover concept resembles an inchworm that uses piezoelectric " muscles " to scoot along the lunar surface .
Another rover could usean icosahedrons shape with 12 telescoping legs that slowly " walk " inany direction ?
the legs would handily double as the transceiver antennae .
Bitar did not rule out more conventional rovers , butemphasized a final design the size of a shoebox .
Either way , the rover inwhatever form would shoot high definition video in multiple directions tocreate a 360 degrees composite view .
The team is focusing on " far and away the hardestpart " of achieving a successfulmoon landing , but even a failed landing attempt would not scuttle itsplans .
" If we ?re successful in orbiting the moon , and for somereason the landing fails , you ?ve done 85 - 90 percent of the work in the minds ofa lot of people , " Bitar observed .
" We may take a second shot at theprize if we have enough confidence from the market . "
Lunatrex has even declared it may launch multiple lunarmissions anyway , in an attempt to snag both first and second place for the XPRIZE and take the entire $ 30 million purse .
However , the team clearly has ambitions beyond the X PRIZE .
" It 's a two - pronged mission , " Bitar said .
"
We 're obviously competing for the X PRIZE , but along the way we want tocome up with as many things to hedge out bets and create an income stream downthe road . "
The team 's business approach stems from Bitar 's experience headingcompanies that have attracted attention with big ideas .
Xtreme AlternativeDefense Systems landed several U.S. military contracts in the past to developunusual non-lethal weapons , while Airbuoyant has begun selling the VertiPod , anultralight vehicle with the capabilities of a personal helicopter .
Lunatrex hopes to land both small and big partners withtheir low cost approach , but Bitar wo n't rely only on funding from partners andsponsors .
He has promised that proceeds from VertiPod sales will go towardslifting Lunatrex moonward .
Pregnancy and childbirth claim the lives of more than half a million women around the globe each year .
This translates to one woman dying every minute .
The overwhelming majority of these deaths occur in the developing world .
However , this does not mean that developing countries does not experience the same problem .
They do !
Nonetheless , nearly all of them could be prevented .
Maternal mortality affects not only women , but also their families and communities .
The risk of an infant dying increases significantly with the mother ’s death .
The death of a woman of reproductive age also brings significant economic losses and setbacks to community development .
From human rights , economic , pharmacies ( c’est ici ) and public health perspectives , mobilizing resources to combat maternal mortality is imperative .
The slow success in reducing maternal mortality rates is due , in part , to the complex political and social issues related to poverty and the status of women .
It is also due , in part , to the original misguided emphasis of maternal mortality programs in the developing world .
The historical focus of these programs on the prediction and prevention of obstetric complications failed to take into account the scientific limitations of this approach .
It also shifted the focus away from the critical period of delivery .
Maternal morbidity , or complications experienced by women who survive childbirth , are also of great concern .
For every woman who dies as a result of pregnancy , some 30 women live but experience lasting morbidities as a result .
An estimated 20 million women suffer from nonfatal complications of pregnancy , including anaemia , infertility , pelvic pain , incontinence and obstetric fistula .
The Five Primary Complications
Nearly two thirds of maternal deaths worldwide are due to five direct causes : haemorrhage , obstructed labour , eclampsia ( pregnancy - induced hypertension ) , sepsis , and unsafe abortion .
The remaining third are due to indirect causes , or an existing medical condition that is worsened by pregnancy or delivery ( such as malaria , anaemia , hepatitis , or increasingly , AIDS ) .
About 15 per cent of all pregnancies will result in complications .
Untreated , many of these complications will be fatal .
What makes maternal mortality such a challenge is the fact that these complications are extremely difficult to predict .
Despite years of research , we still have no reliable method of predicting the vast majority of cases of haemorrhage , obstructed labour and eclampsia .
While the general health status of pregnant women is important for a positive outcome of delivery , deadly complications randomly occur in all women .
This is the case even in the developed world where the latest medical technology is readily available .
Prediction is generally limited to identifying only high - risk groups of women .
It is nearly impossible to determine which individual women will develop complications .
In reality the overwhelming majority of pregnancies and births take place among women who are considered low risk .
Consequently , while the percentage of deaths may be higher among high - risk women , the greatest numbers of deaths take place among women considered to be low - risk .
For this reason , the focus for addressing maternal mortality has shifted from predicting complications during pregnancy to preparing for efficient emergency interventions .
In general , emergency obstetric interventions are inexpensive and can easily be carried out by specially trained health professionals .
HIV / AIDS and Maternal Mortality
The exact percentage of maternal deaths linked to HIV and AIDS is unknown .
HIV is associated with poor general maternal health , which makes women more vulnerable to a number of infections and conditions that increase the likelihood of complicated pregnancy outcomes , such as malaria , anemia and tuberculosis .
HIV infection has also been associated with an increased risk of spontaneous abortion and of postpartum hemorrhage .
Attributable risks have not yet been determined .
HIV prevention and treatment and maternal mortality reduction are well - suited for joint programming , as there is considerable overlap in their causes and in the interventions to prevent them .
Sharing resources for HIV and maternal mortality prevention programming is logical .
Programs that target the reduction of sexually transmitted infections reduce both the incidence of HIV infection and a woman ’s risk of postpartum infection .
Antenatal clinics are excellent places to offer voluntary testing and counseling for HIV , which can help women who are HIV negative get the information and skills to protect themselves from becoming infected .
In addition , most maternal - to - child transmission of HIV occurs during delivery .
Cesarean sections have been shown to reduce vertical transmission , the leading cause of HIV infection in children .
The Three Delays Model and its impact on mortality at childbirth
This is a framework to explain the social factors responsible for maternal death .
It helps us target interventions and prevent maternal mortality at every stage .
In most instances , women who die in childbirth experienced at least one of the following three delays :
The First Delay is the delay in deciding to seek care for an obstetric complication .
This may occur for several reasons , including late recognition that there is a problem , fear of the hospital or of the costs that will be incurred there , or the lack of an available decision maker .
The Second Delay occurs after the decision to seek care has been made .
This is a delay in actually reaching the care facility and is usually caused by difficulty in transport .
Many villages have very limited transportation options and poor roads .
Some communities have developed innovative ways to address this problem , including prepayment schemes , community transportation funds and a strengthening of links between community practitioners and the formal health system .
The Third Delay is the delay in obtaining care at the facility .
This is one of the most tragic issues in maternal mortality .
Often women will wait for many hours at the referral centre because of poor staffing , prepayment policies , or difficulties in obtaining blood supplies , equipment or an operating theatre .
The third delay is the area that many planners feel is easiest to correct .
Once a woman has actually reached an Emergency Obstetric Care facility , many economic and sociocultural barriers have already been overcome .
Focusing on improving services in the existing centres is a major component in promoting access to Emergency Obstetric Care .
Programs designed to address the first two delays are of no use if the facilities themselves are inadequate .
The Role of Antenatal Care in Preventing Mortality at Childbirth
Antenatal visits present an opportunity to address the psychosocial and medical needs of pregnant women while acknowledging the context in which they live .
These periodic health exams allow women to make contact with the healthcare system .
Health promotion messages can be individualized during this time , and women can be screened for potential risk factors .
Antenatal visits can provide essential services for all pregnant women , such as tetanus toxoid immunization , nutrition education and the distribution of iron and folic acid tablets .
The WHO recommends four antenatal visits .
However , it is the quality of the visits rather than the number of visits that is of primary concern .
Antenatal care is also an opportunity to offer voluntary counselling and testing for syphilis and HIV without a separate clinic visit .
Pregnant women known to be seropositive can be started on a regimen of drugs designed to minimize vertical transmission .
Antenatal visits also offer an opportunity to identify HIV - negative women and provide them with the skills and knowledge to remain negative .
More recently , antenatal care has begun to offer Intermittent Preventative Treatment for malaria .
This is important as malaria contributes to anaemia , a significant factor in maternal morbidity and mortality .
The treatment usually consists of single dose chemoprophylaxis given to pregnant women at least once after quickening .
This is combined with the provision of insecticide - treated bed nets to prevent malaria infection .
Intermittent Preventative Treatment is a relatively new intervention , and has yet to be thoroughly evaluated .
Involving Traditional Birth Attendants to Reduce Mortality at Childbirth
While some small projects have had success in training traditional birth attendants ( TBAs ) , evaluation results are more often mixed , showing no significant reduction in maternal morbidity or mortality .
This is due , in part , to the lack of well - trained medical staff and functioning referral services to provide backup for the TBAs in the event of a life - threatening complication .
Neither trained nor untrained traditional birth attendants have the skills to deal with life - threatening problems .
The WHO ’s focus has changed to making professional care more accessible .
Professionals are defined as physicians , midwives or nurses with midwifery skills .
More recent programs have sought to promote the role of TBAs as culturally sensitive liaisons between the health system and the community .
Medical procedures and administration of medications should be performed by skilled health professionals .
In contrast , many midwives and physicians have no training in belief systems , communication and community organizing .
This is where the TBA can be most effective .
For these reasons , WHO no longer promotes the training of traditional birth attendants to recognize or treat complications related to pregnancy .
The Fund supports a role for TBAs to bridge the gap between communities and trained health providers .
Traditional birth attendants can encourage women to use family planning and antenatal services and can emphasize the need for women to get Emergency Obstetric Care at hospitals or other facilities should complications arise .
The WHO also provides clean delivery kits that can be used by midwives , family members or even TBAs in emergency situations to minimize the risk of infection .
The Role of Maternity Waiting Homes
Maternity waiting homes are residential facilities where women defined as “ high risk ” can await their delivery and be transferred to a nearby medical service shortly before delivery or sooner , if complications arise .
The goal is to minimize the delay in receiving care for an obstetric emergency by dramatically reducing the transit time .
Little quantitative research has been conducted to prove the efficacy of maternity waiting homes .
A significant problem is determining which women are actually at high - risk .
In some studies , women who are undergoing their first pregnancy have shown the greatest benefit from maternity waiting homes .
Additionally , the majority of complications occur in women with no apparent risk factors .
In addition , the four - week stay recommended is a barrier to use for many women , although it may allow some to get needed rest after delivery .
Some countries have now progressed from using medical definitions of “ high risk pregnancy ” toward a broader concept based on a combination of distance and socio-economic and medical risk factors .
In any case , maternity waiting homes should not be a stand - alone intervention , but should link communities with the health system in a continuum of care .
Enhancing Skilled Attendance at Birth
Most obstetric complications occur at the time of labour and delivery .
It takes a professional to swiftly recognise life - threatening complications and to intervene in time to save the mother ’s life .
As noted before , previous efforts to promote skilled attendance at birth centred on the promotion of traditional birth attendants .
A paradigm shift has taken place over the past decade to focus interventions on promoting an increase in professional attendance at delivery .
It has been estimated that if 15 per cent of births are attended by doctors ( dentiste de garde ) and 85 per cent of them are attended by midwives , then maternal mortality will be adequately reduced .
This ratio is most effective in situations where midwives attend normal deliveries and are able to effectively refer the 15 per cent of deliveries that result in complications to physicians .
Skilled attendance at birth has been one of the most obvious common programming techniques in countries that have been successful in reducing maternal mortality .
Improved access to trained midwives who are supported by the broader health - care system is critical .
Adequate support to midwives includes regular and reliable access to medications and supplies , and the respect and authority to make referrals to a higher level of care .
In spite of overwhelming evidence that the use of doctors , midwives and nurses in deliveries is a crucial factor in reducing maternal mortality , only 58 per cent of all deliveries take place in the presence of a skilled attendant .
There are many reasons for this .
One is simply a shortage of professionally trained and skilled attendants .
Another factor is a poor geographic distribution of attendants , with most professionals preferring to remain in urban areas .
The WHO is seeking to address this problem by promoting more training of professionals , and by seeking innovative ways to retain them in the regions of greatest need .
This includes providing incentives like housing and distance learning programs to midwives and doctors working in rural and semi-rural areas , and promoting rotation systems with a mix of public and private practice .
Telemedicine the use of new technologies to link clinics or diagnostic images to centrally based professionals offers considerable promise for reaching out to women in rural or hard - to reach areas .
In 2003 , Barack Obama said he was for single payer .
What would it take to get single payer enacted ?
“ First , we have to take back the White House , the Senate and the House , ” Obama said at the time .
Fast forward six years .
The Democrats have taken the White House .
The Senate and the House .
And now what ’s Obama ’s position ?
In a speech this week in Chicago before the American Medical Association , Obama made clear he was now opposed to single payer .
And his lieutenants suggested that Obama would support legislation to make sure that single payer does not become a reality in America .
There ’s only one explanation for Obama ’s flip - flop on single payer .
The health insurance and drug corporations have a hammerlock on Washington .
And Obama is going along to get along .
What ’s the net result ?
Sixty Americans are dying every day due to lack of health insurance .
( Institute of Medicine report . )
Instead of getting behind single payer , Obama and the Democrats are engaged in the what Dr. Marcia Angell , former editor - in - chief at the highly regarded New England Journal of Medicine calls “ the futility of piecemeal tinkering . ”
Earlier this week , the Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) estimated that the most liberal of the Democrats ’ tinkering plans would cost $ 1 trillion over ten years and still leave 37 million Americans uninsured .
Single payer on the other hand would cost less than we are overpaying now — and cover everyone .
Zero uninsured .
As Dr. Angell puts it — single payer is not only the best option .
It ’s the only option that will both control costs and cover everyone .
Replace 1,300 insurance industry payers with one payer .
Save $ 400 billion a year in bloated corporate administrative and executive compensation costs .
Free choice of doctor and hospital .
Use that money to insure everyone .
No bills , no co-pays , no deductibles .
No exclusions for pre-existing conditions — because under single payer , you are insured from the day you are born .
No bankruptcies due to medical bills .
No deaths due to lack of health insurance .
Cheaper .
Simpler .
More affordable .
Everybody in .
Nobody out .
According to recent polls , the majority of Americans , the majority of doctors , the majority of nurses , even the majority of health economists want single payer .
That ’s why almost every health care town hall event I hear about is dominated by citizens speaking out for single payer .
Last month , we asked that you help fund a new non-profit organization – Single Payer Action – to focus this citizen energy , break through the corporate logjam in Washington and make single payer a reality .
You came through with flying colors — and blew past our initial fundraising goal .
The foundation was set for action .
Out of the blocks , Single Payer Action led a stand up protest before Senator Max Baucus ’ Senate Finance Committee .
Thirteen doctors , nurses , lawyers and other single payer advocates were summarily arrested and charged with “ disruption of Congress . ”
( Baucus later told single payer advocates that he regretted not inviting them to testify before his committee . )
The arrests of the Baucus 13 , their upcoming trial , and other similar single payer actions around the country have galvanized a nationwide movement .
Single Payer Action now wants to supercharge the grassroots movement for single payer .
Confront members of Congress back home all around the country .
And lay the groundwork for a national citizen ’s organization that will refuse to compromise with corporate power — inside the beltway and out .
Many progressives are now confused .
They took Obama at his word .
They thought once Obama was elected President , he would do the right thing .
My colleague , Theresa Amato , is not confused .
She saw clearly through the Democratic Party ’s duplicity and shenanigans — and has written a new book , titled Grand Illusion : The Myth of Voter Choice in a Two Party Tyranny ( New Press , June 2009 )
The book documents how the corporate two - party system thwarts citizen activism and blocks challenging candidates in the electoral system and beyond .
Phil Donahue said this about Grand Illusion : “ Theresa Amato takes the biggest swing — not a jab , but a roundhouse punch — at America ’s corrupt electoral system . ”
Single Payer Action needs to raise $ 50,000 over the next month to fund its actions around the country this summer .
So , please donate now — $ 10 , $ 25 , $ 50 , $ 100 , $ 500 — or whatever you can afford .
If you donate $ 100 or more now , Single Payer Action will send you a copy , hot off the press , of Amato ’s hard cover , 379 - page masterpiece — Grand Illusion .
( Okay , since it also includes chapters about my campaign against the corporate Republicans and Democrats — and since I wrote the foreword — I ’ll autograph it . )
So , do n’t delay .
Donate now .
Let ’s break through the corporate barriers and make single payer a reality .
Together , we can make the difference .
Onward to a life - saving , cost - saving single payer .
Ralph Nader
PS – Remember , if you donate $ 100 or more to Single Payer Action now , I ’ll autograph and have sent to you a copy of Grand Illusion by Theresa Amato .
Please do n’t delay .
Donate now .
This offer ends July 17 , 2009 .
The town has the most same - sex marriages in Connecticut ; statewide figures through February , the most recent available , showed Greenwich as the wedding spot for one in every five gay couples , though it has only 2 percent of the population .
Best known for its old - and new - money families stretching from the Long Island Sound to its fabled back country , Greenwich has been vexed in the past by its proximity to the border .
In 2001 , the crowds of people buying tickets for the Powerball lottery game , not available in New York , grew so big that town officials suspended sales for a day .
These days , by contrast , local businesses would like Greenwich ’s new wave of toe - dippers to stick around a little longer than they have been .
Most couples have a brief ceremony in a Town Hall meeting room or outside on the grounds , then leave immediately for receptions back in New York or honeymoons elsewhere .
Thomas C. Delaney , the general manager of the Hyatt Regency Greenwich , said the hotel had advertised on some gay and lesbian Web sites in hopes of attracting more business .
The Hyatt averages 70 weddings a year , he said , but this summer only two same - sex weddings are scheduled so far .
“ We ’d like to have a lot more , ” he said .
June , the traditional month for wedding bliss , is coincidentally the month that New York ’s Legislature is weighing whether to allow weddings between two people of the same sex .
But while same - sex marriage is still not permitted in New York , Gov. David A. Paterson decreed last year that state agencies would honor such marriages legally performed elsewhere .
Four years ago , Andrew Meeks literally bet the farm on chickens .
Now he fears he made a losing bet .
His three massive chicken houses are empty , and a “ For Sale ” sign has sprouted out front .
Meeks , a contract chicken farmer , borrowed nearly half a million dollars to refurbish his 25 - acre farm , putting up as collateral his home , the farm and virtually everything else he owns .
But the company that provided his chickens and paid him to raise the birds canceled his contract .
Without chickens , he can’t earn the money to pay off his loans .
Foreclosure is on the horizon .
Advertisement
“ I paid a lot of money for these chicken houses , but they are n’t worth a nickel right now .
There ’s no market for the birds , ” Meeks said , strolling through one of his darkened chicken houses , scattering white feathers and startling a lone chicken .
The worst recession in decades has hammered all types of businesses across the country , farming included .
But among the hardest hit are contract chicken farmers in the South and especially in North Carolina , the nation ’s second - leading poultry producer , where it is a $ 3.3 - billion industry .
Last winter , the economic crisis created “ pretty much a catastrophe ” for contract farmers , said Dan Campeau , a North Carolina State University poultry specialist and extension agent .
Demand for chicken nose - dived as beleaguered consumers cut back .
The industry ’s two biggest foreign markets , Russia and China , drastically trimmed their orders .
Fuel prices surged , driving up the cost of chicken feed as some grain crops were diverted to produce ethanol .
Advertisement
Pilgrim ’s Pride of Pittsburg , Texas , one of the country ’s largest chicken companies with $ 8.5 billion in sales last year , filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in December .
In six central North Carolina counties , 44 farmers lost their contracts , including Meeks .
Together , the 44 farmers owe at least $ 18 million to banks on investments in their farms , Campeau said .
Only four have found contracts with other chicken processors .
Two have retired .
The rest are searching desperately for a lifeline in a glutted market .
“ The industry is swamped with product right now .
But these growers [ farmers ] have big debts and can’t wait for the market to turn around , ” said Bob Ford , executive director of the North Carolina Poultry Federation .
‘ We ’re baby - sitters ’
Advertisement
Nationally , 800 to 900 chicken farmers have lost contracts since last fall , almost all of them in the South , said Gary McBryde , an economist with the Department of Agriculture .
Chicken production is down 7 % since April 2008 , the National Chicken Council said .
Contract chicken farmers are at the mercy of big chicken processors , known as “ integrators , ” which provide chicks and feed .
Contracts require farmers to provide chicken houses , pay to heat and cool them , and maintain water lines and other equipment .
Farmers must dispose of chicken waste and dead birds .
The farmers raise the chicks to maturity , then are paid by the pound for the meat .
But the integrators own the chickens and decide how many the farmers get .
They determine the formulas under which farmers are paid , based on a complicated feed - to - meat ratio .
“ We ’re basically baby - sitters , ” Meeks said .
Advertisement
Farmers provide half the capital in the industry but earn only 1 % to 3 % on their investments , versus more than 20 % for integrators in boom times , the National Contract Poultry Growers Assn. said .
In good economic times , integrators provide enough chicks for farmers to pay down their loans and turn a profit .
But in bad times , contracts can be canceled on short notice , leaving farmers like Meeks stuck with expensive chicken houses and equipment .
In February , Pilgrim ’s Pride announced that it would shut down three of its 32 processing plants -- in Georgia , Arkansas and Louisiana -- by mid-May .
Citing the steepest drop in consumer food purchases in 60 years , the company said it lost $ 1 billion in fiscal 2008 and $ 229 million in the first quarter this year .
‘ Painful ’ situation
Advertisement
Ray Atkinson , a Pilgrim ’s Pride spokesman , called the situation “ very difficult and painful . ”
He said the North Carolina farmers were given ample notice last fall that the company intended to cut off the 44 bottom - performing farmers out of 128 in the region .
But the company had hoped to avoid such cuts .
Atkinson said the company kept the farms on last spring when it closed its Siler City processing plant .
Rather than terminate farmers supplying that plant , Pilgrim ’s Pride combined them with farmers supplying a company plant in Sanford , N.C .
Overall , Atkinson said , Pilgrim ’s Pride has cut off about 300 of its 5,000 contract farmers .
About 430 will be affected by the three more plant closings next month .
Advertisement
Meeks said he did n’t blame anyone for his troubles .
As a farmer and businessman , he knows he is at the mercy of market forces beyond his control .
Because of the recession , “ integrators were making money on the margins , but the margins have run out , ” Meeks said .
“ That ’s the chicken business . ”
He purchased the farm four years ago and shares the two - bedroom house with his wife and dogs .
At 52 , he said , he ’s hardly an attractive catch for employers , and he ’s not eligible for unemployment compensation or food stamps .
“ I ’m not crying the blues , ” he said .
“ With this economy , a lot of people are worse off than I am . ”
Advertisement
He is proud of his hard work in rebuilding the once - derelict chicken farm .
He owns a “ Grower of the week ” hat and a “ Top 10 grower ” jacket , awarded for high - quality production in good times , when he raised 60,000 birds at a time .
Two weeks ago , Meeks reluctantly put up the “ For Sale ” sign , but he has not received a single call .
“ It ’s just one fool looking for another fool , ” he said .
“ I mean , nobody is going to buy chicken houses now , when you ca n’t sell chickens to anybody . ”
Ford , of the poultry federation , predicted that the market for chickens would n’t recover until at least next fall or winter .
He said most contract farmers could n’t wait that long .
Advertisement
Meeks said his banker had told him he needed to “ come up with a plan ” to continue making debt payments .
Right now , he said , he does n’t have a plan .
“ All I ever aspired to be was a farmer .
Chicken farming is a good life , ” he said , sitting in his frame house at dusk , gazing out at this three forlorn chicken houses .
“ Now I do n’t know what I ’ll do .
I have no idea . ”
--
david.zucchino@latimes.com
30 Linux System Monitoring Tools Every SysAdmin Should Know
Need to monitor Linux server performance ?
Try these built - in commands and a few add - on tools .
Most distributions come with tons of Linux monitoring tools .
These tools provide metrics which can be used to get information about system activities .
You can use these tools to find the possible causes of a performance problem .
The commands discussed below are some of the most fundamental commands when it comes to system analysis and debugging Linux server issues such as :
ADVERTISEMENTS
Finding out system bottlenecks Disk ( storage ) bottlenecks CPU and memory bottlenecks Network bottleneck .
1. top – Process activity monitoring command
top command display Linux processes .
It provides a dynamic real - time view of a running system i.e. actual process activity .
By default , it displays the most CPU - intensive tasks running on the server and updates the list every five seconds .
Commonly Used Hot Keys
With top Linux monitoring tools
Here is a list of useful hot keys :
Hot Key Usage t Displays summary information off and on .
m Displays memory information off and on .
A Sorts the display by top consumers of various system resources .
Useful for quick identification of performance - hungry tasks on a system .
f Enters an interactive configuration screen for top .
Helpful for setting up top for a specific task .
o Enables you to interactively select the ordering within top .
r Issues renice command .
k Issues kill command .
z Turn on or off color / mono
How do I Find Out Linux CPU Utilization ?
2. vmstat – Virtual memory statistics
The vmstat command reports information about processes , memory , paging , block IO , traps , and cpu activity .
# vmstat 3
Sample Outputs :
procs
-----------memory----------
---swap-- -----io---- --system--
-----cpu------
r b swpd free buff cache si so bi bo in cs us sy id wa st 0 0 0 2540988 522188 5130400 0 0 2 32 4 2 4 1 96 0 0 1 0 0 2540988 522188 5130400 0 0 0 720 1199 665 1 0 99 0 0 0 0 0 2540956 522188 5130400 0 0 0 0 1151 1569 4 1 95 0 0 0 0 0 2540956 522188 5130500 0 0 0 6 1117 439 1 0 99 0 0 0 0 0 2540940 522188 5130512 0 0 0 536 1189 932 1 0 98 0 0 0 0 0 2538444 522188 5130588 0 0 0 0 1187 1417 4 1 96 0 0 0 0 0 2490060 522188 5130640 0 0 0 18 1253 1123 5 1 94 0 0
Display Memory Utilization Slabinfo
# vmstat -m
Get Information About Active / Inactive Memory Pages
# vmstat -a
How do I find out Linux Resource utilization to detect system bottlenecks ?
3. w – Find out who is logged on and what they are doing
# w username
# w vivek
17:58:47 up 5 days , 20:28 , 2 users , load average : 0.36 , 0.26 , 0.24 USER TTY FROM LOGIN@ IDLE JCPU PCPU WHAT root pts/0 10.1.3.145 14:55 5.00s 0.04s 0.02s vim /etc/resolv.conf root pts/1 10.1.3.145 17:43 0.00s 0.03s 0.00s w
4. uptime – Tell how long the Linux system has been running
# uptime
18:02:41 up 41 days , 23:42 , 1 user , load average : 0.00 , 0.00 , 0.00
w command displays information about the users currently on the machine , and their processes .
Sample Outputs : uptime command can be used to see how long the server has been running .
The current time , how long the system has been running , how many users are currently logged on , and the system load averages for the past 1 , 5 , and 15 minutes .
Output :
1 can be considered as optimal load value .
The load can change from system to system .
For a single CPU system 1 – 3 and SMP systems 6 - 10 load value might be acceptable .
5. ps – Displays the Linux processes
# ps -A
PID TTY TIME CMD 1 ?
00:00:02 init 2 ?
00:00:02 migration/0 3 ?
00:00:01 ksoftirqd/0 4 ?
00:00:00 watchdog/0 5 ? 00:00:00 migration /1 6 ? 00:00:15 ksoftirqd / 1 .... ..... 4881 ? 00:53:28 java 4885 tty1 00:00:00 mingetty 4886 tty2 00:00:00 mingetty 4887 tty3 00:00:00 mingetty 4888 tty4 00:00:00 mingetty 4891 tty5 00:00:00 mingetty 4892 tty6 00:00:00 mingetty 4893 ttyS1 00:00:00 agetty 12853 ?
00:00:00 cifsoplockd 12854 ?
00:00:00 cifsdnotifyd 14231 ?
00:10:34 lighttpd 14232 ?
00:00:00 php-cgi 54981 pts/0 00:00:00 vim 55465 ?
00:00:00 php-cgi 55546 ?
00:00:00 bind9- snmp - stat 55704 pts/1 00:00:00 ps
ps command will report a snapshot of the current processes .
To select all processes use the - A or -e option : Sample Outputs :
ps is just like top but provides more information .
Show Long Format Output
# ps - Al
To turn on extra full mode ( it will show command line arguments passed to process ) :
# ps - AlF
Display Threads ( LWP and NLWP )
# ps - AlFH
Watch Threads After Processes
# ps - AlLm
Print All Process On The Server
# ps ax
# ps axu
Want To Print A Process Tree ?
# ps -ejH
# ps axjf
# pstree
Get Security Information of Linux Process
# ps - eo euser , ruser , suser , fuser , f , comm , label
# ps axZ
# ps -eM
Let Us Print Every Process Running As User Vivek
# ps - U vivek -u vivek u
Configure ps Command Output In a User - Defined Format
# ps - eo pid , tid , class , rtprio , ni , pri , psr , pcpu , stat , wchan : 14 , comm
# ps axo stat , euid , ruid , tty , tpgid , sess , pgrp , ppid , pid , pcpu , comm
# ps - eopid , tt , user , fname , tmout , f, wchan
Try To Display Only The Process IDs of Lighttpd
# ps -C lighttpd -o pid=
OR
# pgrep lighttpd
OR
# pgrep -u vivek php-cgi
Print The Name of PID 55977
# ps -p 55977 - o comm=
Top 10 Memory Consuming Process
# ps - auxf | sort - nr -k 4 | head - 10
Show Us Top 10 CPU Consuming Process
# ps - auxf | sort - nr -k 3 | head - 10
Show All Running Processes in Linux
6. free – Show Linux server memory usage
# free
total used free shared buffers cached Mem : 12302896 9739664 2563232 0 523124 5154740 -/+ buffers / cache : 4061800 8241096 Swap : 1052248 0 1052248
7. iostat – Montor Linux average CPU load and disk activity
# iostat
Linux 2.6.18-128.1.14.el5 ( www03.nixcraft.in )
06/26/2009 avg-cpu : %user %nice %system %iowait %steal %idle 3.50 0.09 0.51 0.03 0.00 95.86 Device : tps Blk_read /s Blk_wrtn /s Blk_read Blk_wrtn sda 22.04 31.88 512.03 16193351 260102868 sda1 0.00 0.00 0.00 2166 180 sda2 22.04 31.87 512.03 16189010 260102688 sda3 0.00 0.00 0.00 1615 0
free command shows the total amount of free and used physical and swap memory in the system , as well as the buffers used by the kernel .
Sample Output : iostat command report Central Processing Unit ( CPU ) statistics and input / output statistics for devices , partitions and network filesystems ( NFS ) .
Sample Outputs :
Linux Track NFS Directory / Disk I/ O Stats
8. sar – Monitor , collect and report Linux system activity
# sar -n DEV | more
# sar -n DEV -f / var / log/sa/sa24 | more
# sar 4 5
Linux 2.6.18-128.1.14.el5 ( www03.nixcraft.in )
06/26/2009 06:45:12 PM
CPU %user %nice %system %iowait %steal %idle 06:45:16 PM all 2.00 0.00 0.22 0.00 0.00 97.78 06:45:20 PM
all 2.07 0.00 0.38 0.03 0.00 97.52 06:45:24 PM
all 0.94 0.00 0.28 0.00 0.00 98.78 06:45:28 PM
all 1.56 0.00 0.22 0.00 0.00 98.22 06:45:32 PM
all 3.53 0.00 0.25 0.03 0.00 96.19 Average : all 2.02 0.00 0.27 0.01 0.00 97.70
9. mpstat – Monitor multiprocessor usage on Linux
# mpstat -P ALL
Linux 2.6.18-128.1.14.el5 ( www03.nixcraft.in )
06/26/2009 06:48:11 PM
CPU %user %nice %sys %iowait %irq % soft %steal %idle intr/s 06:48:11 PM all 3.50 0.09 0.34 0.03 0.01 0.17 0.00 95.86 1218.04 06:48:11 PM
0 3.44 0.08 0.31 0.02 0.00 0.12 0.00 96.04 1000.31 06:48:11 PM
1 3.10 0.08 0.32 0.09 0.02 0.11 0.00 96.28 34.93 06:48:11 PM
2 4.16 0.11 0.36 0.02 0.00 0.11 0.00 95.25 0.00 06:48:11 PM
3 3.77 0.11 0.38 0.03 0.01 0.24 0.00 95.46 44.80 06:48:11 PM
4 2.96 0.07 0.29 0.04 0.02 0.10 0.00 96.52 25.91 06:48:11 PM
5 3.26 0.08 0.28 0.03 0.01 0.10 0.00 96.23 14.98 06:48:11 PM
6 4.00 0.10 0.34 0.01 0.00 0.13 0.00 95.42 3.75 06:48:11 PM
7 3.30 0.11 0.39 0.03 0.01 0.46 0.00 95.69 76.89
sar command used to collect , report , and save system activity information .
To see network counter , enter : The network counters from the 24th : You can also display real time usage using sar : Sample Outputs : mpstat command displays activities for each available processor , processor 0 being the first one .
mpstat -P ALL to display average CPU utilization per processor : Sample Output :
Linux display each multiple SMP CPU processors utilization individually .
10 . pmap – Montor process memory usage on Linux
# pmap -d PID
# pmap -d 47394
47394 : /usr/bin/php-cgi Address Kbytes Mode Offset Device Mapping 0000000000400000 2584 r-x-- 0000000000000000 008:00002 php-cgi 0000000000886000 140 rw--- 0000000000286000 008:00002 php-cgi 00000000008a9000 52 rw--- 00000000008a9000 000:00000 [ anon ] 0000000000aa8000 76 rw--- 00000000002a8000 008:00002 php-cgi 000000000f678000 1980 rw--- 000000000f678000 000:00000 [ anon ] 000000314a600000 112 r-x-- 0000000000000000 008:00002 ld-2.5.so 000000314a81b000 4 r---- 000000000001b000 008:00002 ld-2.5.so 000000314a81c000 4 rw--- 000000000001c000 008:00002 ld-2.5.so 000000314aa00000 1328 r-x-- 0000000000000000 008:00002 libc-2.5.so 000000314ab4c000 2048 ----- 000000000014c000 008:00002 libc-2.5.so ..... ...... ..
00002af8d48fd000 4 rw--- 0000000000006000 008:00002 xsl.so 00002af8d490c000 40 r-x-- 0000000000000000 008:00002 libnss_files-2.5.so 00002af8d4916000 2044 ----- 000000000000a000 008:00002 libnss_files-2.5.so 00002af8d4b15000 4 r---- 0000000000009000 008:00002 libnss_files-2.5.so 00002af8d4b16000 4 rw--- 000000000000a000 008:00002 libnss_files-2.5.so 00002af8d4b17000 768000 rw-s- 0000000000000000 000:00009 zero ( deleted ) 00007fffc95fe000 84 rw--- 00007ffffffea000 000:00000 [ stack ] ffffffffff600000 8192 ----- 0000000000000000 000:00000 [ anon ] mapped : 933712 K writeable / private : 4304 K shared : 768000 K
pmap command report memory map of a process .
Use this command to find out causes of memory bottlenecks .
To display process memory information for pid # 47394 , enter : Sample Outputs :
The last line is very important :
mapped : 933712 K total amount of memory mapped to files
total amount of memory mapped to files writeable / private : 4304 K the amount of private address space
the amount of private address space shared : 768000 K the amount of address space this process is sharing with others
Linux find the memory used by a program / process using pmap command
11 . netstat – Linux network and statistics monitoring tool
# netstat - tulpn
# netstat - nat
12 . ss – Network Statistics
# ss -t - a
# ss -u -a
# ss -t -a - Z
13 . iptraf –
Get real - time network statistics on Linux
Network traffic statistics by TCP connection
IP traffic statistics by network interface
Network traffic statistics by protocol
Network traffic statistics by TCP / UDP port and by packet size
Network traffic statistics by Layer2 address
netstat command displays network connections , routing tables , interface statistics , masquerade connections , and multicast memberships.ss command use to dump socket statistics .
It allows showing information similar to netstat .
Please note that the netstat is mostly obsolete .
Hence you need to use ss command .
To ss all TCP and UDP sockets on Linux : ORShow all TCP sockets with process SELinux security contexts :
See the following resources about ss and netstat commands : iptraf command is interactive colorful IP LAN monitor .
It is an ncurses - based IP LAN monitor that generates various network statistics including TCP info , UDP counts , ICMP and OSPF information , Ethernet load info , node stats , IP checksum errors , and others .
It can provide the following info in easy to read format :
Install IPTraf on a Centos / RHEL / Fedora Linux To Get Network Statistics
14 . tcpdump – Detailed network traffic analysis
# tcpdump - i eth1 ' udp port 53 '
# tcpdump 'tcp port 80 and ( ( ( ip [ 2:2 ] - ( ( ip [ 0 ] &0 xf ) < < 2 ) ) - ( ( tcp [ 12]&0xf0 ) >> 2 ) ) != 0 ) '
# tcpdump - i eth1 ' dst 202.54.1.5 and ( port 21 or 20 '
# tcpdump - ni eth0 ' dst 192.168.1.5 and tcp and port http '
# tcpdump -n - i eth1 -s 0 -w output .
txt src or dst port 80
15 . iotop – Linux I/O monitor
tcpdump command is simple command that dump traffic on a network .
However , you need good understanding of TCP / IP protocol to utilize this tool .
For.e.g to display traffic info about DNS , enter : View all IPv4 HTTP packets to and from port 80 , i.e. print only packets that contain data , not , for example , SYN and FIN packets and ACK - only packets , enter : Show all FTP session to 202.54.1.5 , enter : Print all HTTP session to 192.168.1.5: Use wireshark to view detailed information about files , enter :
iotop command monitor , I/ O usage information , using the Linux kernel .
It shows a table of current I / O usage sorted by processes or threads on the server .
$ sudo iotop
Sample outputs :
Linux iotop : Check What ’s Stressing And Increasing Load On Your Hard Disks
16 . htop – interactive process viewer
htop is a free and open source ncurses - based process viewer for Linux .
It is much better than top command .
Very easy to use .
You can select processes for killing or renicing without using their PIDs or leaving htop interface .
$ htop
Sample outputs :
17 . atop – Advanced Linux system & process monitor
atop is a very powerful and an interactive monitor to view the load on a Linux system .
It displays the most critical hardware resources from a performance point of view .
You can quickly see CPU , memory , disk and network performance .
It shows which processes are responsible for the indicated load concerning CPU and memory load on a process level .
$ atop
18 . ac and lastcomm –
You must monitor process and login activity on your Linux server .
The psacct or acct package contains several utilities for monitoring process activities , including :
ac command : Show statistics about users ’ connect time lastcomm command :
Show info about about previously executed commands accton command :
Turns process accounting on or off sa command : Summarizes accounting information
How to keep a detailed audit trail of what ’s being done on your Linux systems
19 . monit – Process supervision
Monit is a free and open source software that acts as process supervision .
It comes with the ability to restart services which have failed .
You can use Systemd , daemontools or any other such tool for the same purpose .
This tutorial shows how to install and configure monit as Process supervision on Debian or Ubuntu Linux .
20 . nethogs - Find out PIDs that using most bandwidth on Linux
NetHogs is a small but handy net top tool .
It groups bandwidth by process name such as Firefox , wget and so on .
If there is a sudden burst of network traffic , start NetHogs .
You will see which PID is causing bandwidth surge .
$ sudo nethogs
Linux : See Bandwidth Usage Per Process With Nethogs Tool
21. iftop – Show bandwidth usage on an interface by host
iftop command listens to network traffic on a given interface name such as eth0 .
It displays a table of current bandwidth usage by pairs of hosts .
$ sudo iftop
22 . vnstat – A console - based network traffic monitor
vnstat is easy to use console - based network traffic monitor for Linux .
It keeps a log of hourly , daily and monthly network traffic for the selected interface (s ) .
$ vnstat
23 . nmon – Linux systems administrator , tuner , benchmark tool
nmon is a Linux sysadmin ’s ultimate tool for the tunning purpose .
It can show CPU , memory , network , disks , file systems , NFS , top process resources and partition information from the cli .
$ nmon
Install and Use nmon Tool To Monitor Linux Systems Performance
24 . glances – Keep an eye on Linux system
glances is an open source cross- platform monitoring tool .
It provides tons of information on the small screen .
It can also work in client / server mode .
$ glances
Linux : Keep An Eye On Your System With Glances Monitor
25 . strace – Monitor system calls on Linux
Want to trace Linux system calls and signals ?
Try strace command .
This is useful for debugging webserver and other server problems .
See how to use to trace the process and see What it is doing .
26 . / proc/ file system – Various Linux kernel statistics
/ proc file system provides detailed information about various hardware devices and other Linux kernel information .
See Linux kernel / proc documentations for further details .
Common / proc examples :
# cat / proc / cpuinfo
# cat / proc / meminfo
# cat / proc / zoneinfo
# cat / proc / mounts
27 . Nagios – Linux server / network monitoring
Nagios is a popular open source computer system and network monitoring application software .
You can easily monitor all your hosts , network equipment and services .
It can send alert when things go wrong and again when they get better .
FAN is “ Fully Automated Nagios ” .
FAN goals are to provide a Nagios installation including most tools provided by the Nagios Community .
FAN provides a CDRom image in the standard ISO format , making it easy to easilly install a Nagios server .
Added to this , a wide bunch of tools are including to the distribution , in order to improve the user experience around Nagios .
28 . Cacti – Web - based Linux monitoring tool
Cacti is a complete network graphing solution designed to harness the power of RRDTool ’s data storage and graphing functionality .
Cacti provides a fast poller , advanced graph templating , multiple data acquisition methods , and user management features out of the box .
All of this is wrapped in an intuitive , easy to use interface that makes sense for LAN - sized installations up to complex networks with hundreds of devices .
It can provide data about network , CPU , memory , logged in users , Apache , DNS servers and much more .
See how to install and configure Cacti network graphing tool under CentOS / RHEL .
29 . KDE System Guard – Real - time Linux systems reporting and graphing
KSysguard is a network enabled task and system monitor application for KDE desktop .
This tool can be run over ssh session .
It provides lots of features such as a client / server architecture that enables monitoring of local and remote hosts .
The graphical front end uses so - called sensors to retrieve the information it displays .
A sensor can return simple values or more complex information like tables .
For each type of information , one or more displays are provided .
Displays are organized in worksheets that can be saved and loaded independently from each other .
So , KSysguard is not only a simple task manager but also a very powerful tool to control large server farms .
See the KSysguard handbook for detailed usage .
30 . Gnome Linux system monitor
The System Monitor application enables you to display basic system information and monitor system processes , usage of system resources , and file systems .
You can also use System Monitor to modify the behavior of your system .
Although not as powerful as the KDE System Guard , it provides the basic information which may be useful for new users :
Displays various basic information about the computer ’s hardware and software .
Linux Kernel version
GNOME version
Hardware
Installed memory
Processors and speeds
System Status
Currently available disk space
Processes
Memory and swap space
Network usage
File Systems
Lists all mounted filesystems along with basic information about each .
Bonus : Additional Tools
A few more tools :
nmap – scan your server for open ports .
lsof – list open files , network connections and much more .
ntop web based tool – ntop is the best tool to see network usage in a way similar to what top command does for processes i.e. it is network traffic monitoring software .
You can see network status , protocol wise distribution of traffic for UDP , TCP , DNS , HTTP and other protocols .
Conky – Another good monitoring tool for the X Window System .
It is highly configurable and is able to monitor many system variables including the status of the CPU , memory , swap space , disk storage , temperatures , processes , network interfaces , battery power , system messages , e-mail inboxes etc .
GKrellM –
It can be used to monitor the status of CPUs , main memory , hard disks , network interfaces , local and remote mailboxes , and many other things .
mtr – mtr combines the functionality of the traceroute and ping programs in a single network diagnostic tool .
vtop – graphical terminal activity monitor on Linux
gtop – Awesome system monitoring dashboard for Linux / macOS Unix terminal
Did I miss something ?
Please add your favorite system motoring tool in the comments .
Red Rock Canyon State Park in California could be at risk if Arnold Schwarzenegger ’s proposed cuts in funding are implemented ( Image : Tom Hilton )
Conservation projects in California ’s state parks face a bleak future , if cuts proposed by Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger go through .
To tackle a swelling state deficit that has reached $ 24.3 billion , the “ Governator ” wants to slash spending across the board – including funding for 80 per cent of the 270 sites run by the California Department of Parks and Recreation .
Those parks earmarked for closure ( pdf ) include world - famous attractions such as the giant sequoias at Calaveras Big Trees State Park in the Sierra Nevada mountains .
Gated access roads to some parks would be closed , but many parks can be easily entered from public highways .
With no rangers on hand to keep a watchful eye on visitors , that could be bad news for threatened species such as the desert tortoise .
Advertisement
Moving targets
In a recent survey , researchers led by Kristin Berry of the US Geological Survey in Moreno Valley found a worryingly high death rate among young animals in the Red Rock Canyon State Park , north of Los Angeles – some of which had gunshot wounds .
The proposed funding cuts would also eliminate conservation management activities such as the removal of invasive plants and efforts to prevent catastrophic fires .
In Calaveras , this involves the removal of fir trees allowed to grow by earlier fire suppression efforts – and which now threaten a conflagration that could engulf the sequoias .
“ That ’s work that would have to stop , ” says Rick Rayburn , chief of natural resources with the California Department of Parks and Recreation .
Safety fears
California ’s state parks also host at least 120 field - research projects each year .
These include a four - decade study of breeding elephant seals at the Año Nuevo State Natural Reserve , south of San Francisco , by researchers at the University of California , Santa Cruz .
“ We ’re concerned that we ’ll be locked out of our research sites , ” says Steve Davenport , who manages the Año Nuevo research site for the university .
“ And if the public can get in there and there is no ranger staff , there could be serious disruption to populations – and people could get hurt . ”
In an attempt to keep the parks open , the state legislature ’s budget committee on Monday backed a proposal to fund the parks through a $ 15 surcharge on vehicle registration fees paid by motorists .
But it is unclear whether the proposal will be passed , given opposition from Republican members of the legislature .
What ’s more , with lawmakers from both parties and the governor still at loggerheads over solving California ’s budget woes , the state parks are just one pawn in a high stakes game .
Last week , controller John Chiang , California ’s senior fiscal officer , warned that the state ’s cash reserves would run out by the end of July , threatening “ a meltdown of state government ” .
To supplement reporting by New York Times journalists inside Iran on Tuesday , The Lede will continue to track the aftermath of Iran ’s disputed presidential election , as we have since election day , June 12 .
Please refresh this page throughout the day to get the latest updates at the top of your screen ( updates are stamped with the time in New York ) .
For an overview of the current situation , read the main news article on our Web site , which will be updated throughout the day .
Readers inside Iran or in touch with people there are encouraged to send us photographs or use the comment box below to tell us what you are seeing or hearing .
Roger Cohen , a former foreign editor of The New York Times who is now an Op - Ed columnist , has filed another column from Tehran on Tuesday , “ The End of the Beginning . ”
Since a new opposition rally has apparently been scheduled for the square outside Iran ’s Parliament at 4 p.m. on Wednesday ( which is 7:30 a.m. in New York ) we should have some sign of whether there is still momentum in the protest movement in Iran in about 13 hours .
The Lede will return early on Wednesday morning to report on the rally and the day ’s other events .
Please consult the home page of NYTimes.com for any developments overnight .
Thanks for all your comments and links .
A reader points out that the White House made President Obama ’s opening statement on Iran at his news conference today available in Farsi translation on WhiteHouse.gov .
A blogger who seems to be writing Twitter updates from inside Iran reports that Ali Larijani , the speaker of Iran ’s parliament , may be trying to get permission for Mir Hussein Moussavi to speak on the Iranian state television channel IRIB :
Larijani pressing for Mousavi to be given airtime on IRIB to discuss elections
The same blogger reports that the Iranian newspaper Kayhan , “ has tonight called for the arrest of Mousavi . ”
According to the Middle East Media Research Institute , Kayhan is “ close to Iranian Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei . ”
Last week Roger Cohen noted in an Op - Ed column from Tehran : “ Kayhan , the conservative pro-Ahmadinejad newspaper , had a headline on its
Web site within an hour of the vote ’s close celebrating the incumbent ’s victory with 65 percent of the vote . ”
The Iranian blogger we quoted above writes that Mr. Moussavi “ has stated ‘ If I am arrested or killed – strike until the Gov falls . ' ”
Five minutes ago the first message posted today on the Twitter feed Mousavi1388 appeared and it is a call for opposition supporters to attend a rally on Wednesday :
Please come to Baharestan Sq. in Tehran tomorrow at 4pm
That location , outside Iran ’s Parliament , or Majlis , seems to echo what ABC ’s Lara Setrakian reported earlier — that there was talk in Tehran of a peaceful protest with Mr. Moussavi and former president Khatami at that time and place on Wednesday .
Earlier on Tuesday , Press TV reported that the speaker of Iran ’s parliament , Ali Larijani , has “ recommended fresh television debates , asserting that ‘ the voice of the people who have taken to the streets in millions should be heard . ' ”
View Larger Map
Russia Today , the Russian government ’s English - language satellite news channel , aired this video report on Tuesday looking into the Iranian government ’s claims that the whole opposition movement in Iran is a plot fostered by Western governments and George Soros .
Perhaps because it is financed by the Kremlin , which quickly congratulated Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on being named the winner of the Iran ’s presidential election , Russia Today ’s way of investigating this conspiracy theory was to talk to just two guests , from the far - right and far - left of the American press , who both endorsed the idea that it is all a plot .
Craig Roberts , a former member of the Reagan administration , said that the C.I.A. was behind the whole thing .
Wayne Madsen , an investigative journalist , agreed with the Russia Today anchor that Mir Hussein Moussavi ’s green movement had “ all the hallmarks ” of an American - orchestrated “ color revolution . ”
Mr. Madsen added that , given the heavy coverage of what is happening in Iran by American news organizations , “ it seems like there is a coordinated and concerted effort to try to stir things up using the Western media . ”
As a reader writes to point out , if Russia Today had asked , Mr. Roberts might have explained that he also sees a conspiracy behind what he has called “ the 9/11 cover - up . ”
In an interview with the British newspaper The Independent in Paris , Mohsen Makhmalbaf , the Iranian filmmaker who is serving as an unofficial spokesman for the opposition leader Mir Hussein Moussavi , said that Mr. Moussavi is under constant surveillance by Iran ’s secret police and is not free to speak to his supporters .
The Independent reports :
Mr. Makhmalbaf , 52 , an informal spokesman abroad for the protest in Iran , said that Mr. Mousavi was not under arrest but “ he has security agents , secret police with him all the time .
He has to be careful what he says . ”
In a telephone interview , Mr. Makhmalbaf , the director of the 2001 film Kandahar , denied suggestions that the protests against the re-election of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad were losing steam .
“ The regime , arguably , is losing ground , not the protests , ” he said .
“ Ordinary Iranians are openly rejecting the legitimacy and power of Ayatollah Khamanei .
That is entirely new , unheard of . ” [… ]
The film director dismissed all hope of some form of negotiated agreement .
“ Within the last ten days , there has been a meeting between Mousavi and Ayatollah Khamanei , ” he said .
“ Nothing came of this meeting .
I do not know of any further dialogue which is now going on . ”
Asked to explain how a Mousavi - run Iran would differ from an Ahmadinejad - run Iran , Mr. Makhmalbaf said : “ The first thing to say is that it is now clear that Ahmadinejad is irrelevant .
He is not the real power . ”
If Mousavi was to become president , he said , Iran would invest in “ improving the economy for ordinary people , not creating nuclear weapons or supporting conflicts abroad ” .
Secondly , he said , there would be an end to the “ constant harassment of young people which means that virtually every young person in Iran has been beaten up by the security forces . ”
Lara Setrakian of ABC News in Dubai reports on her Twitter feed that there is “ talk in Tehran that ” opposition leader Mir Hussein Moussavi and the former president Mohammed Khatami may “ speak on Wed 4 pm at parliament , with their families , in ‘ most peaceful protest . ' ”
On Tuesday , BBC Radio aired this telephone interview with a resident of Tehran , who said that he could hear the protest in Haft - e - Tir Square on Monday from his home nearby .
He added that on Monday night the shouts of “ Allahu Akbar ! ” — used by opposition protesters to signal discontent with the regime — “ were even louder . ”
The BBC has published e-mail messages from readers in Shiraz and Isfahan , who describe heavy security in those cities .
A reader named Mehrdust wrote that in Shiraz :
Police are almost everywhere in the streets , especially in the places where chaos broke out on Saturday — Mollasadra Street and Eram Street .
Every 50 m or so you can see a group of between five to 10 guards , sitting on the pavement .
There ’s been no sign of demonstrations in Shiraz since Saturday .
Either people are waiting for something , or maybe they are just too scared .
I joined the protests on Saturday .
The police were being really violent , hitting people with batons and using tear gas .
There are no clear figures , but I believe at last 10 people were killed in Shiraz that night .
A reader named Hossein wrote from Isfahan :
I have n’t been out today yet , but yesterday there were policemen standing by every petrol station and bank .
It seems the city is back the way it was — there were n’t any protests today or yesterday that I know of .
I think people are waiting for the final announcement of the Guardian Council and the reaction from Mr [ Mir Hossein ] Mousavi and Mr [ Mehdi ] Karoubi .
At nights you can still hear the sound of people shouting “ Allah - o - Akbar ” [ “ God is great ” ] .
I do n’t join in because I think it ’s a symbol of Islam and I think the Islamic hardliners are the source of all this misery we are going through .
Most of the websites , including the BBC ones are still blocked .
You can only access them through anti-filters .
I ’m using the Chinese software Freegate , which is working really well .
Of the TV channels , only CNN is still getting through .
BBC News also received this short video clip of what a reader said was a recent protest in Isfahan .
On their blog following events in Iran , the National Iranian American Council has the translated text of a statement released on Monday in Iran by a moderate clerical body , the Association of Combatant Clergy , which was denied permission to stage a protest rally last Saturday in Tehran :
Millions of informed and decent people who believe that their votes have been tampered with , and that their intellect has been insulted , and for the defence of their rights and dignity have in a spontaneous manner come into the streets to express their pain and sense of oppression .
You ( the regime ) insult them , and have stolen thousands of them from the streets and from their homes and taken them to unknown places .
You have attacked the students and to these people who call out God is Great or Ya Hossein – you attack them like Moghuls .
You dare to blame these attacks on the people themselves .
We strongly support Mr. Mousavi – especially against the accusations that all the unrest and damage is due to his actions .
This damage is the responsibility of those who turned our city into a barracks .
They should be identified , arrested and charged .
Senior clergy across the country have told us that they have been put under severe pressure ( by the state ) to stand up against the millions of people .
Until now , they have resisted .
We thank them .
For the return of people ’s trust and confidence we ask for the formation of a committee of neutral people , experts , and those familiar with the law who can investigate and address the complaints made by the candidates in the elections .
May they issue a fair judgment … and help return our country to harmony .
One note of caution on these reports of clerical support for the opposition in Iran .
Many of the blogs we are looking at are edited by people who are more activists than neutral observers .
There is no doubt that the National Iranian American Council — which has called for a new election in Iran , like the editors of EurasiaNet , have doubts about the integrity of the official results of the election .
It is also the case that all of the Iranian bloggers we have been following are also opposition supporters and , to some extent , writing or relaying video or photographs expressly to bring about a political objective — a fair count of the votes cast on June 12 .
That does n’t mean that there may not be serious rifts developing in the clerical power structure in Iran .
But it is a reminder that , in the same way that partisans on both sides of the long struggle over Florida ’s electoral votes in 2000 tended to seize on bits of news that encouraged them and send that information around as widely as possible — that is , in fact , how Josh Marshall ’s Talking Points Memo blog came into existence — some of what we hear now , of what may be happening behind the scenes in Qum , might be influenced by what the people passing this information on want to believe is happening .
Early this morning a reader drew our attention to a report published on Monday on the Web site EurasiaNet , which is one of the civil society projects financed by George Soros that Iran ’s intelligence service accuses of trying to overthrow the Iranian government .
While it is based on anonymous sources , and written from afar , EurasiaNet ’s report suggests — under the headline “ Rafsanjani Poised to Outflank Supreme Leader Khamenei ” — that Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , Iran ’s supreme leader , might actually be losing a power struggle with the former president Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , who supported and bankrolled the campaign of the opposition candidate Mir Hussein Moussavi :
Looking past their fiery rhetoric and apparent determination to cling to power using all available means , Iran ’s hardliners are not a confident bunch .
While hardliners still believe they possess enough force to stifle popular protests , they are worried that they are losing a behind - the - scenes battle within Iran ’s religious establishment .
A source familiar with the thinking of decision - makers in state agencies that have strong ties to Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said there is a sense among hardliners that a shoe is about to drop .
Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani — Iran ’s savviest political operator and an arch - enemy of Ayatollah Khamenei’s — has kept out of the public spotlight since the rigged June 12 presidential election triggered the political crisis .
The widespread belief is that Rafsanjani has been in the holy city of Qom , working to assemble a religious and political coalition to topple the supreme leader and President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
“ There is great apprehension among people in the supreme leader ’s [ camp ] about what Rafsanjani may pull , ” said a source in Tehran who is familiar with hardliner thinking .
“ They [ the supreme leader and his supporters ] are much more concerned about Rafsanjani than the mass movement on the streets . ” [ … ]
Now that Ayatollah Khamenei has become inexorably connected to Ahmadinejad ’s power grab , many clerics are coming around to the idea that the current system needs to be changed .
Among those who are now believed to be arrayed against Ayatollah Khamenei is Grand Ayatollah Ali al - Sistani , the top Shi ’a cleric in neighboring Iraq .
Rafsanjani is known to have met with Grand Ayatollah al - Sistani ’s representative in Iran , Javad Shahrestani .
A reformist website , Rooyeh , reported that Rafsanjani already had the support of nearly a majority of the Assembly of Experts , a body that constitutionally has the power to remove Ayatollah Khamenei .
The report also indicated that Rafsanjani ’s lobbying efforts were continuing to bring more clerics over to his side .
Rafsanjani ’s aim , the website added , is the establishment of a leadership council , comprising of three or more top religious leaders , to replace the institution of supreme leader .
Shortly after it posted the report on Rafsanjani ’s efforts to establish a new collective leadership , government officials pulled the plug on Rooyeh .
We have no idea what EurasiaNet ’s sources are , so it is hard to evaluate the reliability of this reporting , but the article is a reminder that for all the attention paid to Tehran , and the arguments about whether the protesters on the streets there represent a majority or minority of Iran ’s voters , it remains a fact that it is the votes of just a few clerics in the holy city of Qum that really matter .
In Iran ’s complex system of government , the people choose a president , but the country is ruled by a supreme leader chosen by a few dozen clerics .
If enough of those clerics were to side with Mr. Rafsanjani against Mr. Khamenei , the Islamic Republic could still see only its second ever change of leadership at the very top .
During his news conference today in Washington , President Obama took a question from Nico Pitney of Huffington Post , which Mr. Pitney explained had come from an Iranian who responded to an online solicitation .
Here is video of the exchange :
On his Guardian America blog , Michael Tomasky asks : “ When the president can answer an Iranian ’s question conveyed by the Huffington Post , who needs journalists ? ”
As my colleagues Michael Slackman and Sharon Otterman report , President Barack Obama addressed the crisis in Iran during a news conference in Washington on Tuesday :
President Obama condemned Iran ’s aggressive response to the mass protests that have swept the country after its contested elections , saying that the United States and the international community “ have been appalled and outraged ” by the intimidation , beating and detention of peaceful demonstrators .
“ I ’ve made it clear that the United States respects the sovereignty ” of Iran , he said .
“ But we must also bear witness to the courage and the dignity of the Iranian people , and to a remarkable opening within Iranian society .
And we deplore the violence against innocent civilians anywhere that it takes place . ”
He also said that comments by Iranian officials blaming the United States , Britain and other Western nations for inciting the protests were “ patently false ” and a “ tired strategy to use old tensions to scapegoat other countries ” that will not work .
“ Those who stand up for justice are always on the right side of history , ” he said .
Reuters reports that Iranian state television has suggested that Neda Agha - Soltan ’s killing was staged :
Iranian TV , quoting unnamed source , said Neda was not shot by a bullet used by Iranian security forces .
It said filming of the scene , and its swift broadcast to foreign media , suggested the incident was planned .
On Monday night we noted that an Iranian student writing for The Daily Beast said that his parents , who watch only state - controlled television , refused to believe that this young woman could have been killed by the Iranian government .
Reuters adds :
Iranian state television , in a broadcasts clearly intended to discredit opponents defying a ban on protests , paraded people it said had been arrested during weekend violence .
“ I think we were provoked by networks like the BBC and the VOA ( Voice of America ) to take such immoral actions , ” one young man said .
His face was shown but his name not given .
The Guardian has published translations of some of the interviews Iranian state television aired on Tuesday with people the government says are protesters who have confessed to violence , mayhem and brain - washing by the BBC ’s Farsi - language satellite channel :
Presenter :
The few rioters who disturbed Tehran ’s order in the past few days , have made significant statements regarding their objectives .
Woman ( with pixelated face ) :
There was a military hand grenade [ as received ] in my hand bag and in my son ’s bag .
It was all because my son wanted to have power and show that he could take over power [ and use it ] against his own country and his fellow countrymen .
This was all because of an atmosphere created by the BBC in Iran .
I was influenced by this channel .
Reporter ( asks a young man ) :
When did you come to Tehran ?
Young man :
About seven or eight days ago .
Reporter :
When were you arrested ?
Young man :
Three days ago .
Reporter : Where ?
Young man : Under Hafez flyover .
Reporter : Did you have any criminal record at all ?
Young man :
No , not at all .
Reporter : What about drugs ?
Young man : Yes .
I had half a gram of crystal with me once .
I came to Tehran to repair my mobile phone but when I saw that there was disorder , I started robbing people .
I used the opportunity provided by the crowds and rioters and started robbing people .
There ’s quite a bit more on The Guardian ’s Web site , including another man who said that Voice of America broadcasts were perhaps responsible for his mindless violence under the guise of protest :
I was not pursuing anything particular .
I think I was influenced by some networks like the BBC and the VOA to do this unethical action .
An Iranian - American blogger in the United States has uploaded two short video clips that he says were shot on Monday in Tehran .
The images in this video are said to have been shot during the thwarted protest rally in Haft - e - Tir Square .
This second video appears to show police officers beating an opposition supporter they have detained in an unspecified part of Iran ’s capital :
Robert Tait reports on The Guardian ’s Web site that several of the Iranian soccer players who wore green wristbands during the national team ’s recent match in South Korea have been punished :
Their gesture attracted worldwide comment and drew the attention of football fans to Iran ’s political turmoil .
Now the country ’s authorities have taken revenge by imposing life bans on players who sported green wristbands in a recent World Cup match in protest against Mahmoud Ahmadinejad ’s disputed re-election .
According to the pro-government newspaper Iran , four players – Ali Karimi , 31 , Mehdi Mahdavikia , 32 , Hosein Ka’abi , 24 and Vahid Hashemian , 32 – have been “ retired ” from the sport after their gesture in last Wednesday ’s match against South Korea in Seoul .
They were among six players who took to the field wearing wristbands in the colour of the defeated opposition candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi , which has been adopted by demonstrators who believe the 12 June election was stolen .
Most of the players obeyed instructions to remove the armwear at half - time , but Mahdavikia wore his green captain ’s armband for the entire match .
The four are also said to have been banned from giving media interviews .
The Guardian points to this video uploaded to YouTube on Tuesday , which appears to show members of the security forces on motorcycles breaking up a small , loud gathering of opposition protesters :
It is not clear if this video was shot on Tuesday , or earlier , but the contrast between this somewhat furtive protest and the video was saw last week of massive rallies on Tehran ’s streets — like this footage — is striking .
A reader writes to draw our attention to an online effort by some volunteers to help the opposition protesters in Iran by translating documents related to their movement into English .
An explanation of the project on the group ’s Web site says :
The Translation and Interpretation Initiative for Iranian Protesters ( TIIIP ) is an ad hoc initiative to produce free , publication - ready translations and high - quality interpretations of the written and spoken communication streaming out of Iran in the Farsi ( Persian ) language in the form of e-mails , YouTube videos , Facebook entries , press releases , etc .
We leverage volunteer translators , interpreters , linguists , bilinguals , and technical and administrative support personnel to achieve these goals .
Our approach is similar to crowdsourcing , but with greater emphasis on the use of professional translators , writers , and editors .
Our platform is the wiki .
We make liberal use of social media such as Twitter and Facebook to communicate and to attract attention to our initiative .
A reader of The Times named Jean writes :
Presently , efforts are underway to translate an underground protest newsletter and recent statements from the Combatant Clerics Association and Mehdi Karroubi .
The project has set up both a Wiki and a blog to facilitate its work .
In another sign of how much pressure the authorities are now putting on the opposition protesters , one of the bloggers who appears to be writing from Iran posted these updates on Twitter in the past few minutes :
We are having difficulty getting updates to u as so many of our contacts been arrested – life here is v/v/ dangerous now also one of us is badly injured and we cannot take to hospital – treating with trusted doctor contacts but needs hosp –
Just over a week ago , this same blogger was pointing to video and photographs showing hundreds of thousands of Iranians in the streets , protesting the election .
The Iranian - American Web site Tehran Bureau has posted two accounts from opposition protesters who say they tried to attend the memorial service on Monday in Tehran ’s Haft - e - Tir Square .
One of the protesters observed that the police breaking up the demonstration seemed to shy away from confrontations with women .
This protester suggested that the police may have been influenced by the memory of Neda Agha - Soltan ’s very public death on Saturday .
According to this observer , female protesters took advantage of this to protect male protesters on Monday :
whenever they got hold of a man , women would surround them and shout do n’t beat him , do n’t beat and they would turn and anxiously say we did n’t beat him .
It was astonishing .
The other first - hand account describes how the authorities prevented the crowd from gathering and pointed out that the protesters seemed to need a leader to rally around :
there were a lot of people in the square , but no one allowed to gather , so people were just walking up and down the meydoon ( square ) .
there was a HEAVY military presence — all kinds , basij , riot police , khahki ( camouflage ) uniformed ones — all on motorbikes , or in pick up trucks or standing — they ALL had those batons and were n’t allowing people to stand still ( ie. gather ) .
we walked around and tried to have a look from those walkways that cover the meydoon / square but the police were also on them so would n’t let u stand still for a second .
people were also gathering in the koocheh ’s ( alleyways ) off the side of the square too see what was going to happen and if we could gather in one place .
there was not just young people , but all kinds of age groups and people from all walks of life .
then the police would start coming to an alley where a lot of people were and shout at them to move along / disperse .
they would then get aggro and start chasing people down the alleyways , hitting with batons .
people would run but then gather in another alleyway … very resilient .
we moved through the various alleyways too until shouted at to leave .
these police are v v intimidating .
like animals really as u just dont know if they are gonna wack you ( which they would ) .
i wanted to take photos of the milit presence , but it was way too scary .
honestly people who manage to record or take photos are incredibly shoja ( brave ) .
then we saw that they had blockaded one alleyway ( koocheh mina ) and people were getting trapped and beaten up with the batons .
there were people on roofs / windows looking so i hope they managed to record some stuff .
we moved around the meydoon and streets .
after hearing / seeing that they were blockading people in alleys .
we decided it was safer to stay in the main square and move around .
over the few hours it was getting busier with protesters , but i think they needed someone like mousavi or another figure so as to gather around him .
it was v v difficult to gather .
This account seems to match closely with the actions of the security forces in this video we posted on Monday , what was apparently shot from above a street near the square where the rally was to have taken place .
In the Los Angeles Times on Tuesday , Borzou Daragahi reported from Tehran that Neda Agha - Soltan ’s friend and music teacher , Hamid Panahi , who was with her when she was shot and killed on Saturday , said that he was not afraid to speak out about her death :
“ They know me , ” he said .
“ They know where I am .
They can come and get me whenever they want .
My time has gone .
We have to think about the young people . ”
Neda , he said , was smart and loving .
She had a mischievous streak , gently teasing her friends and causing them to laugh .
She was passionate about life and meant no one any harm .
In the election unrest , friends found in her an unexpected daring , a willingness to take risks for her beliefs .
“ She could n’t stand the injustice of it all , ” Panahi said .
“ All she wanted was the proper vote of the people to be counted .
“ For pursuing her goals , she did n’t use rocks or clubs , ” he said .
“ She wanted to show with her presence that ‘ I ’m here .
I also voted .
And my vote was n’t counted . ’
It was a very peaceful act of protest , without any violence . ”
On Monday , BBC Persian TV’s Rana Rahimpour produced this English - language video report , made from video of demonstrations in Iran that was sent to the BBC by people who said that they showed clashes between the security forces and protesters on Saturday .
Be warned that some of the images of wounded protesters are graphic and disturbing .
Some of this video seems to show that , in at least one location in Tehran on Saturday , the protesters did hold their own for a time in the clashes .
An Iranian blogger points to this video , which was uploaded to YouTube on Tuesday and broadcast BBC Persian TV .
The video appears to show members of Iran ’s security forces smashing a car and spray - painting on a wall during the crackdown on opposition protests .
An article by Farnaz Fassihi in The Wall Street Journal on Tuesday reminds us that while Neda Agha - Soltan ’s last moments were recorded on video and seen around the world , there are other families mourning the other Iranians who have been killed during the post-election protests .
Here is how Ms. Fassihi ’s report from Tehran begins :
The family , clad in black , stood at the curb of the road sobbing .
A middle - aged mother slapped her cheeks , letting out piercing wails .
The father , a frail man who worked as a doorman at a clinic in central Tehran , wept quietly with his head bowed .
Minutes before , an ambulance had arrived from Tehran ’s morgue carrying the body of their only son , 19 - year - old Kaveh Alipour .
On Saturday , amid the most violent clashes between security forces and protesters , Mr. Alipour was shot in the head as he stood at an intersection in downtown Tehran .
He was returning from acting class and a week shy of becoming a groom , his family said . [… ]
Upon learning of his son ’s death , the elder Mr. Alipour was told the family had to pay an equivalent of $ 3,000 as a “ bullet fee ” — a fee for the bullet used by security forces — before taking the body back , relatives said .
Mr. Alipour told officials that his entire possessions would n’t amount to $ 3,000 , arguing they should waive the fee because he is a veteran of the Iran - Iraq war .
According to relatives , morgue officials finally agreed , but demanded that the family do no funeral or burial in Tehran .
The Wall Street Journal also produced this flow chart which , like one the BBC has been using , tries to explain the complex power structure that informs Iran ’s system of government .
On The Guardian ’s Web site Robert Tait writes that an attack on the speaker of Iran ’s parliament , Ali Larijani , by a newspaper close to President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad suggests that “ the splits at the top of the Islamic regime seem to be reaching new levels . ”
Mr. Tait writes :
Vatan-e Emrouz , a newspaper owned by Mehrdad Bazrpash – a renowned hardliner and close aide to Ahmadinejad – has today attacked Larijani , the conservative speaker who is nominally on the side of the status quo and against the protesters .
The newspaper risks alienating Larijani – a powerful figure close to the supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei – by criticising his comments on state television .
Larijani accused the guardian council of pro-Ahmadinejad bias and said that most Iranians are suspicions of this month ’s election result .
Iran ’s Press TV reports that the country ’s Interior Minister , Sadeq Mahsouli , has been “ summoned ” to the country ’s Parliament to answer questions about his reaction to the post-election protests .
Press TV adds that the speaker of Iran ’s Parliament , Ali Larijani , has reportedly called for state television to allow “ the voice of the people who have taken to the streets in millions ” to be heard :
Some 24 lawmakers asked Mahsouli to expound on a number of controversial issues , including the recent night raids on university dormitories and private residences by unknown groups , which have sparked a storm of protests in recent days , Tabnak reported .
Mahsouli took the rap for failing to identify and arrest the perpetrators of the attacks and leaving the issues in a haze of ambiguity .
He was also scolded for what the lawmakers believed to be “ a lack of crisis management during the nine consecutive days of nationwide turmoil ” .
The lawmakers demanded that Mahsouli give an adequate explanation regarding the sudden crackdown on Reformists , which has so far placed a large number of political figures behind bars .
The session comes shortly after Iranian Parliament Speaker Ali Larijani expressed his deepest concern over the Interior Ministry ’s course of action towards the post - vote developments .
Larijani , in a rare internal criticism , held the Interior Ministry responsible for the recent attacks against civilians and university students .
“ The Interior Ministry should clarify why the security forces destroyed the building and why students were injured or even killed , ” said Larijani .
The Majlis speaker also recommended fresh television debates , asserting that “ the voice of the people who have taken to the streets in millions should be heard . ”
According to the Middle East Media Research Institute , the newspaper cited by Press TV , Tabnak , is “ affiliated with presidential candidate Mohsen Rezai , ” the conservative former Revolutionary Guard leader who has also disputed the results of the June 12 election .
The BBC has posted this video , said to show protests on a street in Tehran on Monday night .
Reuters reports from Iran : “ Trucks and police in riot gear were deployed on the main squares of Tehran on Tuesday , but there were no signs of any protest gatherings in the city by midday . ”
Mehdi Karroubi , one of the two reformist presidential candidates who continues to contest the results of the election , has reiterated his call for Iranians to commemorate those killed by the security forces during protests later this week .
Reuters reports that an aide to Mr. Karroubi said on Tuesday : “ Karroubi calls on Iranians around the country to hold ceremonies on Thursday to remember those [ killed ] at protests . ”
Mr. Karroubi posted a statement calling for the memorials on his party ’s Web site on Monday .
These translated excerpts from the Farsi language original were posted by an Iranian blogger on Twitter :
It is regrettable that the highest authority in Iran chooses to ignore the peaceful demands of the people The Gov has chosen to respond with oppression and violence
The actions of this Gov insults all free peoples of the world Para 27 of Constitution allows unarmed public gatherings without permit if they do not insult Islam the right of the nation to challenge this unfair & corrupt election is the right of all Muslims In Iran the minority are ruling the majority with violence and oppression I invite the nation to participate on Thurs in remembrance of those killed by this Gov I demand release of all political prisoners immediately I demand gov provide medical treatment for those injured I demand that the bodies of the martyrs be released to the families for burial immediately I demand an immediate end to censorship by gov
As my colleague Michael Slackman reports on Tuesday , a spokesman for the Guardian Council , the clerical body that oversees the Iran ’s elections , said that there is no need to overturn the results of disputed June 12 presidential election .
According to a report from Press TV , Iran ’s English - language satellite news broadcaster :
Iran ’s Guardian Council rules out the possibility of nullifying the country ’s June 12 Presidential election , saying there has been no record of any major irregularity .
Abbas Ali Kadkhodaei , the council ’s Spokesman said late on Monday that most of the complaints reported irregularities before the election , and not during or after the vote .
* An earlier version of this post suggested that the National Iranian American Council , which has called for a new election in Iran , would like to see Mir Hussein Moussavi replace Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as Iran ’s president .
A representative of the council objected to this characterization and stated that the organization is non-partisan , so we have revised the entry .
SEOUL , South Korea 
A North Korean ship shadowed by an American Navy destroyer and possibly heading toward Myanmar on Sunday could pose the first test of how far the United States and its allies will go under a new United Nations resolution to stop the North ’s military shipments .
The United States began tracking the ship , the 2,000 - ton freighter Kang Nam , after it left Nampo , a port near Pyongyang , the North ’s capital , on Wednesday .
Pentagon officials have said they suspect the ship is carrying prohibited materials , but they have declined to say where it may be headed .
A South Korean cable news network , YTN , on Sunday quoted an unidentified intelligence source as saying that Myanmar was the destination of the freighter , which may be carrying missile components .
North Korea has said it would consider interception an “ act of war ” and react accordingly .
Over the weekend , the North ’s state - run news media said the country vowed to “ respond to sanctions with retaliation ” and threatened “ unlimited retaliatory strikes ” against South Korea if it cooperated with the sanctions imposed by the United Nations Security Council .
You are not alone .
A lot of people end up frustrated when trying to successfully & securely close a real estate transaction because they 're using methods that just do n't cut it .
** You may have tried working with a non attorney owned title company .
** Or maybe you have tried dealing with the lenders direct .
Unfortunately , these solutions have n't worked that well and ended up leaving you without a real and lasting solution .
But Now ,
There 's an Answer that can fix that .
Introducing Infinity Abstract & Title ’s Title Insurance & Settlement Services .
A Powerful and effective service that can help you to successfully & securely close a real estate transaction without all the headaches .
Here 's just a few things about Title Insurance & Settlement Services that will help you .
Number 1 : We ’ve got the right tools and systems to close real estate transactions , which is good because this eliminates the pain and aggravation of not closing on time .
Number 2 : We are compliant with all CFPB and ALTA - S standards , which is a big help because as of October 3rd , 2015 , all title companies will be required to follow new practice standards which Infinity Abstract & Title is up to speed on .
Number 3 : We have the availability to close deals within 24hrs , if everything falls within CFPB Guidelines , which is powerful because this helps with negotiation .
And there 's a whole lot more .
Stop the Frustration of solutions that do n't work and download our FREE Real Estate Buyers and Sellers Insiders Guide -
This will help you answer and understand such topics as : 10 Things to Ask Your Lender ; 10 Things A Real Estate Agent Should Know ; The 3 Day Rule Infographic ; The Value of Title Insurance ; The Importance of an Owner 's Title Insurance Policy ; Protecting Your Investment ; Preparing For Your Closing ; Homeowner 's Policy .
TONS of information for FREE !
In addition when you click to download you will receive a $ 100 Closing Title Premium Certificate … and a chance to receive a 15 minute legal consultation with a real estate attorney ..
Absolutely FREE !!
Now , act fast as this is an exclusive offer , We Will Only Be Giving Away 97 Copies .
We only have a limited amount of closing title premium certificates and free 15 - minute consultations with a real estate attorney .
You can stop struggling to successfully & securely close a real estate transaction today .
Download now !
He ’Brew Bittersweet Lenny’s R.I.P.A .
Name – He ’Brew Bittersweet Lenny’s R.I.P.A .
Country – United States
Type – American Double IPA
Appearance – Poured a clear amber color with a slightly tan foamy head .
Smell – Very prominent sweet malt smells .
Rye bread and yeast is smelt as well .
Taste – Big malty taste up front with caramel up front followed by a big rye taste .
The hoppy flavor is there but not overpowering like most IPAs .
Very slight alcohol bite at the end .
Zak from Shmaltz Brewing Company ( makers of He’Brew beers ) highly recommended this to me .
The beer is named after the late comedian Lenny Bruce .
After not finding it a few times I was able to finally find it in one of my local beer stores .
I will say that this is not your typical IPA .
I do n’t find it as hoppy as most .
The sweet rye taste just does it for me .
I could very easily have a couple of bottles of this and forget that it is 10 % ABV .
I would then probably realize that not too much later though .
An outstanding beer on all fronts and by far the best double IPA I have had to this date .
Overall Grade – A
US forces shot down an Iranian drone 60 miles ( 100 km ) north - east of Baghdad last month , the US military says .
A military spokesman said the Unmanned Aerial Vehicle ( UAV ) was in Iraqi airspace for almost an hour and 10 minutes before it was engaged .
The US accused Iran of deliberately sending the spy drone into Iraqi airspace , but a top Iraqi official suggested it had been a mistake .
There was no immediate comment from Iran on the 25 February incident .
The US has long accused Iran of military interference inside Iraq .
" This was not an accident on the part of the Iranians , " said US military spokesman Lt Col Mark Ballesteros , who identified the drone as an Iranian - made Ababil 3 .
Pilots " were directed to shoot the UAV down after determining there would be no possibility of collateral damage " , he added .
Maj Gen Abdul Aziz Mohammed Jassim , head of military operations at the Iraqi defence ministry , told Reuters news agency he believed the plane 's entry into Iraq had probably been a genuine error .
" It crossed 10 km into Iraq , " he said .
" It 's most likely that its entrance was a mistake . "
The Ababil 3 is a reconnaissance drone .
Israeli forces reported downing several Hezbollah Ababils during the 2006 Lebanon War .
Hitting on a Solution January 11 , 2009
For some reason , there seems to be a surge of interest in the issue of hiring hitmen and whether the person doing the hiring is guilty of some crime from a libertarian perspective .
For example , a recent video on YouTube by Morty 14 spends ten minutes “ defending the undefendable ” as he puts it : the person hiring the hitman is not guilty of any crime .
Now I personally think that the issue is one of the least important that modern libertarians face and I can hardly believe I am taking the time to engage it .
How many hitmen have you hired lately ?
But I think there are some important and worthwhile concepts that come out of this example .
Morty 14 ’s basic argument goes like this : the hitman is a moral agent with free will and this breaks the chain of responsibility .
All that the hiring party has done is contract to transfer some money to the hitman .
All hail Rothbard .
Amen .
I do n’t mean to pick on Morty ( or Murray ) in particular .
But his argument is very representative of others you may come across .
Morty ’s analysis is built around what I will call the Juridical Principle of Responsibility :
Each person is responsible for their own actions .
I happen to agree with Morty that this principle is important and valid .
But I do n’t think Morty is applying this principle consistently or fully .
He is not taking into account the full result of hiring a hitman .
What do I mean by this ?
I mean that in the absence of a state , crimes become crimes because there is a problem that needs solving .
I think Morty should consider the development of the law against assault and battery , which happened sans state by the way .
John Hasnas fills us in on this problem :
Consider , for example , the common law of assault and battery .
In modern terms , the law of battery forbids one from intentionally making “ harmful or offensive contact ” with another .
This prohibits not only direct blows , but snatching a plate out of someone ’s hand or blowing smoke in his or her face .
The law of assault forbids one from intentionally causing another to fear he or she is about to be battered , but it does not prohibit attempts at battery of which the victim is unaware or threats to batter someone in the future .
These rules invest individuals with a fairly strong set of personal rights .
They establish the right to be free not only from physically harmful contact , but from all offensive physical contact as well as from fear that such contact will be immediately forthcoming .
What accounts for this high level of protection for individuals ’ bodily and psychic integrity ?
In earlier centuries , one of the most urgent social needs was to reduce the level of violence in society .
This meant discouraging people from taking the kind of actions that were likely to provoke an immediate violent response .
Quite naturally , then , when suits arising out of violent clashes were litigated , juries tended to hold parties who had taken such actions liable .
In the absence of direct government intervention , people faced the problem of how to reduce public violence .
They dealt with this problem in the entirely natural manner of holding those who took actions likely to provoke it responsible for the injuries that resulted .
As more and more cases were decided on this basis , people came to expect that future cases would be as well and adjusted their behavior to that expectation .
Over time , these repeated decisions coalesced into the rules specifying what constitutes assault and battery .
These rules define individuals ’ obligations to respect others ’ personal integrity , and hence their rights to be free from unwanted physical intrusions and threats .
The strong personal rights protected by the law of assault and battery are the solution to the past problem of excessive social violence . ¹
Morty seems to think that his defense is the “ correct libertarian view ” .
But what is more libertarian than solving problems in the “ absence of direct government intervention ” ?
Armchair axiomatic philosophizing is fun and sometimes useful but it is n’t the last word .
In fact it does not appear to be the first word either .
The law against assault and battery did not start with Rothbardian principles or anything close to them .
It started with a problem : reducing public violence .
But Morty could still say that assault does not involve an intervening moral agent .
Why should we expect stateless juries to find the hiring party part of this problem ?
Roderick T. Long reminds us that aggression includes manifesting murderous intent .
First of all , remember that we defined coercion as the forcible subjection , actual or threatened of the person or property of another without that other ’s consent .
If I come running toward you brandishing a sword , you need not wait until I actually cut you before taking defensive measures .
By manifesting a murderous intent toward you , I have already placed myself under your authority .
Hence it is permissible to imprison or exile criminals , to the extent that they pose a continuing danger to the innocent . ²
When people manifest murderous intent in a manner sufficient to incite real fear for one ’s life , it matters little to the victim or the victim ’s family if there was an intervening moral agent .
It matters little to the average person observing the action .
There will likely be a violent response towards the hiring party and a continuing danger .
This problem needs a solution because people do n’t want to live this way .
For example , I would ask Morty to imagine that there was a hidden camera with audio in the room at the time that Bob was hiring a hitman to kill him .
Let ’s further assume , as I think would be reasonable , that the hitman has a reputation for carrying out his contracts when paid and not carrying them out when he is not paid .
Would Morty want to stop Bob from completing the transaction ?
Or would he smugly rest on his “ correct libertarian view ” , waiting patiently to stop the hitman when he arrives at the door , posing a direct threat ?
Would Morty not find
Bob a threat to his life , especially if Bob intends not to rest until some hitman , any hitman finally completes the job ?
If the hitman is killed by Morty , would Morty consider the matter settled with no desire to prevent Bob from hiring another ?
I will go out on a limb and say that hiring a hitman would “ provoke an immediate violent response ” from Morty towards Bob .
Bob can foresee that his actions will bring violence and this is exactly why Morty or anyone would feel ill will and alarm towards Bob as a result .
I would even say that Morty is more likely to feel personally threatened by Bob than by the hitman and to feel that Bob poses the real threat of “ unwanted physical intrusions ” .
In the long run and in the absence of a state , this will inform the legal solution , not Rothbard ’s or Morty ’s axiomatic musings .
As Hasnas points out , this trial and error approach leads to laws that are “ practical and remarkably subtle and nuanced ” .
In fact , Hasnas offers a subtle principle about what makes for a punishable offense :
… [ P] unishable attempts can be separated from non-punishable attempts on the basis of whether they produce the harm the prohibition on attempt is designed to prevent .
Because this harm is the spread of public alarm , attempts , whether impossible or not , should be punished when and only when the defendant , acting with the specific intent to commit an offense known to the law , engages in conduct sufficient to cause public alarm if observed by an average citizen . ³
Notice that this principle does not talk about intervening moral agents or human means ( I would say that in addition to “ impossible or not ” , you can add “ directly or not ” ) .
It simply talks about what people do , how people react , and how to solve the problems that arise as a result .
I can see no better basis for libertarian law .
¹ John Hasnas , Toward a Theory of Empirical Natural Rights , 22 Social Philosophy and Policy 111 ( 2005 )
² Roderick T. Long , Punishment vs. Restitution : A Formulation , Formulations ( Winter 1993 - 94 )
³ John Hasnas , Once More unto the Breach : The Inherent Liberalism of the Criminal Law and Liability for Attempting the Impossible , 54 Hastings Law Journal 1 ( 2002 )
Twitter and its network partner NTT postponed a " critical network upgrade " yesterday so Iranian protesters could continue using the service as a communication tool .
CNN says the State Department asked Twitter to stay up at this " critical " time .
CNN : Senior officials say the State Department is working with Twitter and other social networking sites to ensure Iranians are able to continue to communicate to each other and the outside world .
By necessity , the US is staying hands off of the election drama playing out in Iran , and officials say they are not providing messages to Iranians or “ quarterbacking ” the disputed election process .
But they do want to make sure the technology is able to play its sorely - needed role in the crisis , which is why the State Department is advising social networking sites to make sure their networks stay up and running for Iranians to use them and helping them stay ahead of anyone who would try to shut them down .
What 's This Web Site About ?
All The Twiddled Bits
Interactive
Before saying anything else , let 's declare the legal stuff : I collected all these little helpful pieces of code on the internet .
However , the authors put them into the public domain , which is absolutely great .
Do whatever you want with the code , it 's okay for commercial stuff , too .
Let 's call it " tellware " - if you find it useful , tell all your colleagues about it .
By far the best web sites on the subject , and my inspiration , are The Aggregate from the University of Kentucky and " Bit Twiddling Hacks " by Sean Eron Anderson .
Spend a minute or two and check out both !
Each bit twiddler trick is accompanied by full C code including a validation routine which proves correctness for all inputs .
Nevertheless , if you find a bug , do n't hesitate to contact me ( see bottom of each page ) .
I give performance ratings for my own computer and I 'm very keen on timings of different CPU architectures / compilers .
Just download the sources and run them .
About Anal Fissure Symptoms and Treatments
Everyone from children to adults can get anal fissures , and they can be very painful .
While usually harmless and treatable , an anal fissure can also be a sign of other health issues .
If you have – or think you have – an anal fissure , you should understand the symptoms and causes , and talk with your doctor .
Common symptoms
Blood in stool
The most common symptom for anal fissures is a slight tinge of blood that may be present in the stool , or may be noticed following a bowel movement .
Many sufferers grow concerned that they may actually have occult blood in their stools , but this blood is generally bright red in appearance and is generated outside of the colorectal tract .
Note that blood in the stool can have other causes as well .
Pain
Even though an anal fissure may be quite small in overall size , it can produce significant amounts of pain .
You may experience a very sharp pain when attempting a bowel movement , which is often severe .
Many patients describe this as “ like passing razor blades . ”
You may also experience twinges when moving or performing vigorous activity .
Itching is another common symptom of anal fissures , and can be quite irritating .
Itching is usually more intense if you have severe fissures , or if you are suffering from several at once .
This is commonly treated with over - the - counter medication , but make sure you are not masking the symptoms of a more serious disorder .
If you have noticed prolonged symptoms like these , you may have an anal fissure that is not healing .
Anal fissure treatment can be a simple process to put an end to your symptoms .
Although these symptoms are considered minor when compared to other health issues , they should not be ignored .
Contact a physician to determine the best course of treatment .
However , if you are experiencing constant pain , an increase in rectal bleeding , or are concerned that an underlying health problem may be present , it is a good idea to book a screening at a clinic .
This screening can determine whether or not your anal fissures are a natural result of overstraining , or if you may have a more serious condition .
The screening process is generally quite quick and normally painless .
Before you go , document your symptoms to assist your health professional in determining the severity of the anal fissures and whether or not this is a reoccurring health issue .
Screening for colorectal cancer and other bowel diseases is very important , especially once you reach age 35 .
It ’s not uncommon to experience anal fissures on an infrequent basis , but if you notice increasing recurrence , you should schedule a screening to determine the exact cause of the problem .
To talk to a doctor about these and other GI issues , find a physician now .
Scientists from Texas are batty over a new discovery which could lead to the single most important medical breakthrough in human history — significantly longer lifespans .
The discovery , featured on the cover of the July 2009 print issue of The FASEB Journal , shows that proper protein folding over time in long - lived bats explains why they live significantly longer than other mammals of comparable size , such as mice .
" Ultimately we are trying to discover what underlying mechanisms allow for some animal species to live a very long time with the hope that we might be able to develop therapies that allow people to age more slowly , " said Asish Chaudhuri , Professor of Biochemistry , VA Medical Center , San Antonio , Texas and the senior researcher involved in the work .
Asish and colleagues made their discovery by extracting proteins from the livers of two long - lived bat species ( Tadarida brasiliensis and Myotis velifer ) and young adult mice and exposed them to chemicals known to cause protein misfolding .
After examining the proteins , the scientists found that the bat proteins exhibited less damage than those of the mice , indicating that bats have a mechanism for maintaining proper structure under extreme stress .
" Maybe Juan Ponce De León was n't too far off the mark when he searched Florida for the Fountain of Youth , " said Gerald Weissmann , M.D. , Editor - in - Chief of The FASEB Journal .
" As it turns out , one of these bat species lives out its long life in Florida .
... this chemical clue as to why bats beat out mice in the aging game should point scientists to the source of this elusive fountain . "
Called Ferrofluid , these are basically tiny iron particles that are covered with a liquid coating ; a wetting agent is used to give it a liquid look .
When influenced by a strong magnetic field , the Ferrofluid quickly changes phases , as you ’ll see after the break .
( Thanks , Pablo )
Have n’t heard enough reasons why legalizing same - sex marriage will ruin society ?
Well , here ’s a new argument against repealing it :
It would hurt the black family unit !
“ One overpowering cause of black social failure is the breakdown of marriage in the black community .
Nationally , the black illegitimacy rate is 71 % ; in some inner city areas , it is closer to 90 % , ” writes Heather Mac Donald , a former lawyer and Manhattan Institute fellow who says she believes gay marriage is inevitable .
“ When boys grow up without any expectation that they will have to marry the mother of their children , they fail to learn the most basic lesson of personal responsibility .
A community without the marriage norm is teetering on the edge of civilizational collapse , if it has not already fallen into the abyss .
Fatherless black boys , who themselves experience no pressure to become marriageable mates as they grow up , end up joining gangs , dropping out of school , and embracing a “ street ” lifestyle in the absence of any male authority in the home . ”
Right , okay , but what does that have to do with gays getting married ?
( Emphasis ours ) :
If the black illegitimacy rate were not nearly three times the rate of whites ’ , I would have few qualms about gay marriage .
Or if someone can guarantee that widespread gay marriage would not further erode the expectation among blacks that marriage is the proper context for raising children , I would also not worry .
But no one can make that guarantee .
Why might it further depress the black marriage rate ?
There is a logical reason and a visceral reason .
First , it sends the signal that marriage is simply about numbers : it is an institution that binds two ( for the moment ) people who are in love .
It erases completely the significance that marriage is THE context in which the children of biological parents should be raised .
And there are undoubtedly many other subtle meanings and effects of gay marriage that we cannot even imagine at the moment — which institutional shift is something that conservatives should be most attuned to .
As for the visceral reason :
It is no secret that resistance to homosexuality is highest among the black population ( though probably other ethnic minorities are close contenders ) .
I fear that it will be harder than usual to persuade black men of the obligation to marry the mother of their children if the inevitable media saturation coverage associates marriage with homosexuals .
Is the availability of homosexual marriage a valid reason to shun the institution ?
No , but that does n’t make the reaction any less likely .
What are the chances that gay marriage would further doom marriage among blacks ?
I do n’t know .
Again , if someone can persuade me that the chances are zero , then I would be much more sanguine .
But anything more than zero , I am reluctant to risk .
Is it fair to those gays who want to marry that their desires should be thwarted for the sake of black boys ?
Maybe not .
And as has been pointed out many times before , it is exclusively heterosexuals who have eroded the institution of marriage through easy divorce , increasing rates of single - parenting , “ blended ” families , and co-habitation .
But just because marriage is already in bad shape , for reasons wholly unrelated to gay marriage , does n’t mean that gay marriage wo n’t weaken it further .
If only Ms. Mac Donald could remember a time when whites thought allowing interracial marriage would somehow destroy their unions — and not only how the moral logic did n’t hold up , but neither did the theory .
Privatization of ' Obama 's War ' Editor ’s Note : President Barack Obama is making some moves on the international chess board – reaching out to the Muslim world , chastising Israel for its harsh treatment of Palestinians and seeking to bring Iran and hard - line Arab states into regional peace talks .
However , even as Obama makes those rhetorical and diplomatic moves , the wars in Iraq and , especially , Afghanistan grind on , with some disturbing similarities to George W. Bush ’s approach , writes Michal Winship in this guest essay :
The sudden reappearance of former Vice President Dick Cheney over the last few months - seeming to emerge from his famous undisclosed location more frequently now than he ever did when he was in office - does not mean six more weeks of winter .
Email
Printer friendly
But it does bring to mind that classic country and western song , " How Can I Miss You When You Wo n't Go Away ? "
Or , maybe , " If You Wo n't Leave Me , I 'll Find Someone Who Will . "
In his self - appointed role as voice of the opposition , Mr. Cheney has been playing Nostradamus , gloomily predicting doom if the Obama White House continues to set aside Bush administration policy , setting the stage for recrimination and finger - pointing should there be another terrorist attack on America .
Cheney 's grouchy legacy is the gift that keeps on giving .
Just this week , The Washington Post reported for the first time that while vice president , Cheney oversaw " at least " four of those briefings given to senior members of Congress about enhanced interrogation techniques ; " part of a secretive and forceful defense he mounted throughout 2005 in an effort to maintain support for the harsh techniques used on detainees ...
" An official who witnessed one of Cheney 's briefing sessions with lawmakers said the vice president 's presence appeared to be calculated to give additional heft to the CIA 's case for maintaining the program . "
And remember Halliburton , the international energy services company of which Cheney used to be the CEO ?
After the fall of Baghdad , Halliburton and its then - subsidiary KBR were the happy recipients of billions of dollars in outside contracts to take care of the military and rebuild Iraq 's petroleum industry .
Waste , shoddy workmanship ( like faulty wiring that caused fatal electric shocks ) and corruption ran wild , Pentagon investigators allege , even as Vice President Cheney was still receiving deferred compensation and stock options .
Reporting for TomDispatch.com , Pratap Chatterjee , author of the book , Halliburton 's Army , writes , " In early May , at a hearing on Capitol Hill , DCAA [ Defense Contract Audit Agency ] director April G. Stephenson told the independent , bipartisan , congressionally mandated Commission on Wartime Contracting in Iraq and Afghanistan that , since 2004 , her staff had sent 32 cases of suspected overbilling , bribery and other possible violations of the law to the Pentagon inspector general .
“ The ' vast majority ' of these cases , she testified , were linked to KBR , which accounts for a staggering 43 percent of the dollars the Pentagon has spent in Iraq . "
In one instance , KBR was charging an average $ 38,000 apiece for " prefabricated living units " on bases in Iraq ; another contractor offered to provide them for $ 18,000 .
But of a questionable $ 553 million in payments to KBR that the DCCA blocked or suspended , the Pentagon has gone ahead and agreed to pay $ 439 million , accepting KBR 's explanations .
KBR , Halliburton and the private security firm Blackwater have come to symbolize the excesses of outsourcing warfare .
So you 'd think that with a new sheriff like Barack Obama in town , such practices would be on the " Things Not to Do " list .
Not so .
According to new Pentagon statistics , in the second quarter of this year , there has been a 23 percent increase in the number of private security contractors working for the Pentagon in Iraq and a 29 percent hike in Afghanistan .
In fact , outside contractors now make up approximately half of our forces fighting in the two countries .
" This means , " according to Jeremy Scahill , author of the book , Blackwater : The Rise of the World 's Most Powerful Mercenary Army , " there are a whopping 242,647 contractors working on these two U.S. wars . "
Scahill , who runs an excellent new website called " Rebel Reports , " spoke with my colleague Bill Moyers on the current edition of Bill Moyers Journal on PBS .
" What we have seen happen , as a result of this incredible reliance on private military contractors , is that the United States has created a new system for waging war , " he said .
By hiring foreign nationals as mercenaries , " You turn the entire world into your recruiting ground .
You intricately link corporate profits to an escalation of warfare and make it profitable for companies to participate in your wars .
" In the process of doing that you undermine US democratic policies .
And you also violate the sovereignty of other nations , because you 're making their citizens combatants in a war to which their country is not a party .
" I feel that the end game of all of this could well be the disintegration of the nation - state apparatus in the world .
And it could be replaced by a scenario where you have corporations with their own private armies .
To me , that would be a devastating development .
But it 's happening on a micro level .
And I fear it will start to happen on a much bigger scale . "
Jeremy Scahill 's comments come just as Lt. General Stanley McChrystal , the man slated to be the new commander of our troops in Afghanistan says the cost of our strategy there is going to cost America and its NATO allies billions of additional dollars for years to come .
In fact , according to budget documents released by the Pentagon last month , as of next year , the cost of the war in Afghanistan - more and more known as " Obama 's War " - will exceed the cost of the war in Iraq .
The President asserted in his Cairo speech on Thursday that he has no desire to keep troops or establish permanent military bases in Afghanistan .
But according to Jeremy Scahill , " I think what we 're seeing , under President Barack Obama , is sort of old wine in a new bottle .
Obama is sending one message to the world , " he told Moyers , " but the reality on the ground , particularly when it comes to private military contractors , is that the status quo remains from the Bush era . "
Maybe that 's one more reason Dick Cheney , private contractor emeritus , wo n't go away .
Michael Winship is senior writer of the weekly public affairs program “ Bill Moyers Journal , ” which airs Friday night on PBS .
Check local airtimes or comment at The Moyers Blog at www.pbs.org/moyers.
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
With [ shal ] Itagaki [ / shal ] out of the picture , [ shal ] Tecmo [ / shal ] has been able to make amends with PS3 owners .
And this was more than apparent with their E3 showing of [ shal ] Ninja Gaiden Sigma 2 [ / shal ] and PS3 - exclusive , [ shal ] Quantum [ / shal ] .
Gaming Union was able to catch up with the producer at Team Tachyon , Kohei Shibata , who runs the internal development studio at Tecmo .
And this is the answer he gave when asked why Quantum was being developed as a PlayStation 3 [ shal ] exclusive [ / shal ] rather than going the typical multiplatform route :
“ Simply , it ’s the most powerful hardware . ”
Third party developers have recently become more outspoken about the advantages that PS3 development gives them , and even Electronic Arts , who is known for being very platform agnostic , were more than willing to spill the beans on which platform offers them the development freedom they need .
We ca n’t wait to see the results , and make sure to check out the trailer of Quantum below .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5F93SZaqbbw[/youtube]
[ Source ]
There 's a reason for this legal disconnect .
States are afraid of legalizing a production chain for marijuana because such legislative attempts always run into a brick wall called " federal law . "
Federal law always trumps state law , and federal law says that marijuana is illegal .
Period .
Federal law also states that marijuana has no medical value , and therefore even doctors who prescribe it are at risk of legal trouble with the feds for doing so .
A few months back , I called upon President Obama to reclassify marijuana as a Schedule II Controlled Dangerous Substance , instead of Schedule I .
The difference between the two is that Schedule I drugs have " no currently accepted medical use . "
Schedule II drugs do .
Schedule II drugs ( which include cocaine , opium , amphetamine , methamphetamine , and PCP ) are just as illegal as Schedule I drugs , but doctors are still allowed to prescribe them .
That 's really the only difference between the two .
The first of Frank 's bills , ( which you can look up under the number " HR 2835 " ) is titled " The Marijuana Patient Protection Act " and ( from Frank 's press release ) : " would prevent federal authorities from prosecuting pharmacies , growers and users of medical marijuana in states where the use of the substance for medical reasons is legal . "
URL : http://www.house.gov/frank/pressreleases/2009/06-19-09-marijuana-bills.html
Congressman
Frank himself says about his bill :
" There are some people who are in severe pain for whom nothing else seems to work .
It is cruel to prevent them from having access to something which helps relieve their pain .
This is especially true because so many states allow it .
For the federal government to come in and supersede state law is a real mistake . "
His bill , to date , has 16 cosponsors , including two Republicans ( Ron Paul and Dana Rohrabacher ) .
Barney Frank has been fighting this battle for a long time , and has introduced similar legislation in every Congress since 1995 , when he picked up the baton from the late Congressman McKinney from Connecticut ( Frank had supported McKinney 's bills for ten years prior to introducing his own bill in 1995 ) .
Back in 2006 , when he introduced a similar bill , Frank was more expansive :
" This is an issue on which people around the country are ahead of the politicians .
Many elected officials are hesitant to support any proposals that might be viewed as weakening our drug laws , but I believe this is a common sense idea that will give some people who are suffering a measure of relief .
" If there are doctors willing to recommend the use of marijuana for their patients , and states willing to permit it .
I think it 's wrong for the federal government to subject either the doctors or the patients to criminal prosecution .
Nothing in this proposal would make marijuana more available for the general population .
The bill is limited to medicinal use of marijuana with a doctor 's approval .
The bill does , however , offer a challenge to conservatives who often profess their support for states ' rights .
I am delighted that some of my conservative colleagues , including Congressmen Ron Paul and Dana Rohrabacher , along with former Reagan Administration official Lyn Nofziger , have joined in this effort .
" I would add that taking legal action against those who use small quantities of marijuana for medical purposes is a highly questionable use of scarce prosecutorial resources at a time when they could be put to much better use . "
The second legislation Congressman Frank introduced recently is " The Act to Remove Federal Penalties for the Personal Use of Marijuana by Responsible Adults " ( search for it under " HR 2943 " ) , which would ( again , from Frank 's press release ) : " eliminate federal penalties , but not override existing state law , on the possession or not - for - profit transfer of small amounts of marijuana .
The bill would allow possession of up to 100 grams of the substance , and not - for - profit transfer of up to 28.3 grams ( 1 ounce ) .
The legislation would also create a $ 100 fine ( a civil penalty ) for public use of marijuana . "
This is a harder row to hoe politically , which is why Frank lists responses to common criticisms :
• The legislation would not affect federal laws prohibiting the cultivation or sale of marijuana for profit .
• It would not legalize major drug dealing or create obstacles for federal officials from prosecuting such activity .
• It would not affect any state or local laws regulating marijuana .
• It would not alter the status of marijuana as a Schedule I drug under the Controlled Substances Act .
That last one is a bit of a disconnect , since H.R. 2835 would do exactly that , making it a bit odd in a press release that highlights both bills .
Frank has , so far , gotten less support for H.R. 2943 than for the medical marijuana bill , shown by the fact that there are currently only four cosponsors ( two of which are the aforementioned Republicans ) .
But Frank does n't mince words on this issue either : " I think John Stuart Mill had it right in the 1850s , when he argued that individuals should have the right to do what they want in private , so long as they do n't hurt anyone else .
It 's a matter of personal liberty .
Moreover , our courts are already stressed and our prisons are over - crowded .
We do n't need to spend our scarce resources prosecuting people who are doing no harm to others . "
The congressman does not say , but I am assuming he is referring to the Mill quote :
" The only freedom which deserves the name is that of pursuing our own good in our own way , so long as we do not attempt to deprive others of theirs , or impede their efforts to obtain it .
Each is the proper guardian of his own health , whether bodily , or mental or spiritual .
Mankind are greater gainers by suffering each other to live as seems good to themselves , than by compelling each to live as seems good to the rest . "
The question now is whether either of these bills is going to get anywhere .
Frank 's press office was not overly optimistic about chances for passage this year , seeing as how he 's been fighting to get this done for almost a quarter - century now .
A call to Henry Waxman 's office ( the chairman of the House committee both bills have been referred to ) asking when the committee would hold a vote or move the legislation went unreturned by my deadline .
A call to the White House press office asking whether President Obama could sign , or would support , this legislation also went unreturned .
It 's all fine and good that Obama has said that his administration would n't be going after legal ( by state law ) medical marijuana facilities , but the only way to guarantee that this policy outlives his term in office is to change the classification from Schedule I to Schedule II .
This would allow the states to set up their own framework for the legal growth , transportation , and availability of marijuana to medical patients , without being worried about the heavy hand of Washington smacking down their efforts .
Changing marijuana 's classification , and reducing federal penalties for personal use are both commonsense changes at the federal level which are long overdue .
While Barney Frank is to be applauded for pushing the issue forward , he cannot do this on his own .
Like other issues Democrats have dragged their heels on , one has to wonder : " If not now , when ? "
How many Democrats do we need to elect to Congress before such commonsense laws are passed to rein in some of the excesses of past eras ?
How big a majority would it take ?
I strongly encourage anyone who cares about this issue to search for the these bills ' cosponsors , and if you do n't see your representative on those lists , contact them and ask them why they are n't .
Source : Huffington Post ( NY )
Author : Chris Weigant
Published : June 22 , 2009
Copyright : 2009 HuffingtonPost.com , LLC
Contact : scoop@huffingtonpost.com
URL : http://drugsense.org/url/vSL329aY
Website : http://www.huffingtonpost.com/
CannabisNews Medical Marijuana Archives
http://cannabisnews.com/news/list/medical.shtml
Share this on Twitter ( opens in a new window )
Share this on Facebook ( opens in a new window )
Hi Everyone –
It ’s time for the weekly PlayStation Store Update .
As you may already know , Gran Turismo 5 Prologue is now a PS3 Greatest Hits title , and the price has been permanently reduced to $ 29.99 ( originally $ 39.99 ) !
Qore
Qore Annual Subscription – June 2009 ( $ 24.99 )
Qore : Presented by the PlayStation Network is a monthly interactive video production covering the world of PlayStation .
Qore provides its audience with exclusive behind - the - scenes access to developers and their games , from both the SCE Worldwide Studios and the third - party community , where the audience member can freely navigate through the content .
File size : 1.12 GB
Qore Episode 13 – June 2009 ( $ 2.99 )
Episode 13 of Qore : Presented by the PlayStation Network showcases a hero ’s evolution in inFAMOUS and enters the ring for Fight Night Round 4 . Veronica Belmont auditions for the Frag Dolls .
An exclusive inFAMOUS theme and Qore T - shirts for Home are available to all purchasers .
In addition , all purchasers will receive the PSone classic Spyro the Dragon ( Limited time offer , expires July 31 , 2009 ) .
Annual subscribers will also receive the full game of High Velocity Bowling .
File size : 1.12 GB
PSone Classics PS3 / PSP
Metal Gear Solid ( $ 9.99 )
The game that helped make Metal Gear into one of the biggest franchises in video game history has been re-born !
Experience the first Metal Gear to appear on the PlayStation platform , Metal Gear Solid , marks the series ’ jump into 3D graphics and true stealth action gaming .
ESRB Rated M
File size : 780 MB
Game Demos ( free )
NCAA Football 10 Demo
Now you can settle who has the most school pride once and for all with NCAA Football 10 .
The all - new Season Showdown ensures that everything you do counts toward your goal of helping your school become the best in the nation .
From all - new risk - reward strategic gameplay options to the revolutionary online create - a- school feature TeamBuilder , make a historic run for the national championship with NCAA Football 10 .
File size : 1.90 GB
Add -on Game Content
MotorStorm Pacific Rift Jester Signature Livery Pack ( free )
Make your vehicle stand out from the crowd with this exclusive MotorStorm Pacific Rift livery pack , available for a limited time only from PlayStation Store .
Reminder : to use this download , you must own MotorStorm Pacific Rift .
File size : 100 KB
Cross Edge Wanderer Pack ( free )
In need of some stronger healing items ?
We ’ve got you covered !
File size : 111 KB
Cross Edge Power - Up Pack ( free )
Scale up your skills with these ability - enhancing items .
File size : 111 KB
Cross Edge Departure Pack ( free )
Did you bring your handkerchief , tissues , and a few extra cure items ?
If not , look no further !
File size : 111 KB
Guitar Hero World Tour
For all song credits please visit www.guitarhero.com
“ Guitar Hero On Tour : Modern Hits Theme ” – S.U.P.R.A.H.U.M.A.N ( free )
“ Fly One Time ” by Ben Harper and Relentless7 ( $ 1.99 )
“ Number With No Name ” by Ben Harper and Relentless7 ( $ 1.99 )
“ Shimmer & Shine ” by Ben Harper and Relentless7 ( $ 1.99 )
Ben Harper and Relentless7 Track Pack ( $ 5.49 ) – Downloadable Track Pack for Guitar Hero World Tour featuring “ Fly One Time , ” “ Number With No Name , ” and “ Shimmer & Shine ” by Ben Harper and Relentless7 .
File sizes : 32 MB – 44 MB ( singles ) , 110 MB ( track pack )
Rock Band
Build your Rock Band library by purchasing these song game tracks .
For song credits , visit www.RockBand.com.
“ Back From the Dead ” — Spinal Tap ( $ 1.99 )
“ Rock ‘ n ’ Roll Nightmare ” — Spinal Tap ( $ 1.99 )
“ Saucy Jack ” — Spinal Tap ( $ 1.99 )
“ Warmer Than Hell ” — Spinal Tap ( $ 1.99 )
Spinal Tap Pack 1 ( $ 6.99 ) – Build your Rock Band library by purchasing this song game track pack featuring “ Back From the Dead , ” “ Rock ‘ n ’ Roll Nightmare , ” “ Saucy Jack , ” and “ Warmer Than Hell ” by Spinal Tap .
“ Bring Me to Life ” — Evanescence ( $ 1.99 )
“ Call Me When You ’re Sober ” — Evanescence ( $ 1.99 )
“ Weight of the World ” — Evanescence ( $ 1.99 )
Evanescence Pack 1 ( $ 5.49 ) – Build your Rock Band library by purchasing this song game track pack featuring “ Bring Me to Life , ” “ Call Me When You ’re Sober , ” and “ Weight of the World ” by Evanescence .
File sizes : 14 MB – 33 MB ( singles ) , 86 MB – 98 MB ( track pack )
Game Videos ( free )
Mini Ninjas E3 Trailer
File size : 75 MB ( HD )
PS3 Themes
American Pride Theme ( $ 1.49 )
File size : 5.71 MB
Jungle Jane Theme ( $ 1.99 )
File size : 5.69 MB
Warrior Girls Theme ( $ 1.49 )
File sizes : 6.32 MB
Azmodeus Dark Angels Theme 3 ( $ 1.49 )
File sizes : 4.35 MB
4th of July Pinups Theme ( $ 1.49 )
File sizes : 3.15 MB
PlayStation Store for PSP
Downloadable Games
Tom Clancy ’s Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter 2 ( $ 19.99 ) ( also available from PS3 storefront )
Scott Mitchell , the leader of the ghosts , is sent south of the Panama border to eliminate guerrilla forces believed to be trafficking high - tech weapons to rebel forces .
ESRB Rated T
File size : 665 MB
PSP Themes
American Pride PSP
Theme ( $ 1.49 ) ( also available from PS3 storefront )
File size : 595 KB
Jungle Jane PSP
Theme ( $ 1.49 ) ( also available from PS3 storefront )
File size : 425 KB
Warrior Girls PSP
Theme ( $ 1.49 ) ( also available from PS3 storefront )
File sizes : 540 KB
Azmodeus Dark Angels PSP
Theme 5 ( $ 0.99 ) ( also available from PS3 storefront )
File sizes : 571 KB
Azmodeus Dark Angels PSP
Theme 6 ( $ 0.99 ) ( also available from PS3 storefront )
File sizes : 551 KB
Like any crazy cult bent on extracting money from the punters , Scientology needs good marketing , which is why it 's rolling out new commercials .
The first two are similar , in that they propose replacing rewarding things like mountain climbing with a fake religion cooked up by a mediocre science - fiction writer .
The third is a little different , stating that Scientology does n't judge people by what they look like or where they live .
We 're all equal in the eyes of Xenu , which is true in that we 're all neurotic little cash registers in his / her / its eyes .
But at least they did n't use any celebrities to speak for them .
They certainly could have .
— Posted by David Kiefaber
" What is it about Florida ? " asked Jan Barrett in Blogger News Network .
The state generates a seemingly endless stream of frightening headlines about child abductors and murderers .
Now 18 - year - old Tyler Hayes Weinman of Miami -Dade County was arrested and charged with being a " serial killer " of cats — some of which were skinned , gutted , and left for their owners to find in their yards .
Could there be something in the water down there ?
The cat killings only grew more mysterious with Tyler Hayes Weinman 's arrest , said Jose Pagliery , Andrea Asuaje , and Robert Samuels in The Miami Herald .
The suspect " was not the reserved yet rabid killer some expected .
He was a dog - loving class clown , a swim class instructor , an 18 - year - old who grew up before the eyes of the four - legged victims ' families . "
Tyler Hayes Weinman might have escaped suspicion , said Tim Elfrink in Miami New Times , had he not hoisted red flags on Facebook and MySpace .
Weinman joined the ' Catch the Cat Killer ! ' group on Facebook , suggesting " that he was certainly aware of all the media hoopla over his alleged crimes — and perhaps enjoying it . "
And details he shared on the site — including that he split time at the homes of his divorced parents in the two communities where the cats were killed — prompted police to start watching him .
By NIALL FIRTH
Last updated at 18:37 19 December 2007
A 50 - year - old man has been savagely mauled to death by two tigers through the bars of their zoo cage as he tried to take a picture of them with his mobile phone .
The tourist is said to have clambered over a safety barrier in order to get a really good close - up picture of the Bengal tigers at the zoo in Guwahati in northeast India .
After he put his arm through the bars of the cage the two tigers attacked him and tore off his arm at the shoulder as his horrified wife and two children looked on helplessly .
Scroll down for more ...
" It was an unfortunate accident and probably was a result of carelessness on the part of the man to have crossed the barricade , " said Narayan Mahanta , a warden at the zoo .
" The man ignored warnings from keepers , crossed the first barrier and stretched his hand into the enclosure that housed a male and a female tiger , " he said .
" The animals grabbed his limb and tore it apart at the shoulder . "
The man , named as Jayaprakash Bezbaruah , a government official from a neighbouring town , was rushed to hospital but he later died from a massive loss of blood .
" I have never encountered such a bizarre incident in my 11 years as a wildlife official , " said Mahanta .
" It was shocking . "
The national animal of India and Bangladesh , Royal Bengal tigers are a protected species with only around 600 left in India , down from more than 100,000 a century ago .
According to a recent report at least four of India 's 27 tiger reserves no longer contain tigers and it has been claimed that the animal is on the ' tipping point of extinction ' .
This week it was reported that a tiger in Bangladesh which strayed out of a mangrove forest in the south - west of the country had been killed by local villagers .
Officials say that the forest - home to more than 400 Royal Bengal tigers - had been depleted of food following November 's cyclone and so the tiger may have been near the village looking for food .
New !
Preparation H Soothing Relief
Get that fresh butt feeling with NEW Preparation H Soothing Relief Cleansing & Cooling Wipes , daily wipes that go beyond cleaning to cool , soothe and reduce irritation .
For maximum - strength itch relief , try NEW Preparation H Soothing Relief Anti-Itch Cream with 1 % Hydrocortisone in a soothing cream .
Learn More
* Sarkozy rules out tax hikes that would “ delay recovery ”
* Announces new borrowing to fund investment
* Ceremonial address aims to relaunch reform momentum
( Adds reaction from opposition , employers , paragraph 11 )
By James Mackenzie
PARIS , June 22 ( Reuters ) - French President Nicolas
Sarkozy ruled out tax rises and austerity measures to fight the economic crisis and said he would borrow more to finance investment despite a ballooning budget deficit .
“ I will not conduct an austerity policy because it has always failed in the past , ” he told a joint session of both houses of parliament on Monday .
His speech in the grand setting of the Palace of Versailles had been billed as an occasion to lay out the priorities for the second half of his presidency and to relaunch his reform agenda .
Facing a budget deficit of twice the limit set by European Union borrowing rules , Sarkozy pledged broad investment in fields ranging from education to health and research and said the money would have to be found to pay for it .
“ We cannot keep fixing priorities and not provide the financial means necessary to reach them , ” he said , adding the investment would require “ considerable means ” .
“ We cannot satisfy them in the strict context of the annual budget , ” he said .
The pledge came a day after European Central Bank President Jean - Claude Trichet said there was no room for new debt or spending and after Budget Minister Eric Woerth said the deficit would top 7 percent of gross domestic product in 2009 and 2010 .
Sarkozy said the government would take out a new loan either from financial markets or the general public , as the government of former Prime Minister Edouard Balladur did in 1993 .
He said a long - awaited cabinet reshuffle would be on Wednesday .
One of its first tasks would be to decide priorities and the loan to finance them .
FRENCH MODEL
Sarkozy , who has frequently lambasted “ Anglo - Saxon capitalism ” said the crisis highlighted the virtues of France ’s tradition of strong public investment and relatively generous social spending .
The speech was short on detailed announcements and the opposition Socialists , who boycotted the debate afterwards , dismissed it as “ useless chatter ” but its focus on investment was welcomed by the employers association Medef .
“ The crisis has brought the French model back into fashion , ” Sarkozy said , but promised not to shy away from difficult reform decisions , saying the crisis was a “ historic chance ” for change .
“ What we do n’t do now , we wo n’t do later , ” he said .
Details of a pensions overhaul would be agreed after wide - ranging consultations next year , he said , adding “ everything has to be put on the table ” , including the highly sensitive issue of raising the retirement age .
He promised a reform of France ’s complex web of regional and local authorities , an improvement of the overcrowded prison system and pledged to eliminate waste and improve efficiency .
He also aimed to change the emphasis of the tax system away from work and production and said he wanted to go “ as far as possible ” with a carbon tax that would help fight pollution .
Sarkozy was the first French president since the 19th century to address parliament .
The event was made possible by a constitutional amendment he introduced last year .
He also gave his first public comment on a growing debate about the use of burqas by some Muslim women in France , saying the face - concealing garments had no place in the country as they were a sign of the subjugation of women .
[ ID :nLM350226 ]
( Additional reporting by Estelle Shirbo ; Editing by Janet Lawrence )
In 1995 , environmentalist Ken Saro - Wiwa was executed by the Nigerian military government , along with eight other Ogoni activists , for protesting against the devastation of the Niger Delta by oil companies , particularly Royal Dutch Shell .
On May 27 , 2009 , Shell will stand trial for collaboration and complicity in Saro - Wiwa ’s murder .
14 years after his execution , Ken Saro - Wiwa ’s sons Ken and Owens Wiwa are the plaintiffs in Wiwa v Shell .
Saro - Wiwa was convicted by a military tribunal in 1995 .
He was not given proper legal representation , a fair trial , or the right to appeal the court ’s ruling .
Saro - Wiwa led the Movement for Survival of Ogoni People ( MOSOP ) and alerted the world to the atrocities against human rights , as well as the environment degradation being committed by big oil companies in Nigeria .
The Ogoni Nine were hanged based on “ trumped - up charges “ , in which Shell is accused of collaborating with Nigerian authorities .
Shell ’s official statement on human rights in Nigeria is :
In the late 1990 ’s , SPDC was criticised for continuing to do business in Nigeria because of the country ’s human rights record under the military government of the time .
Some people thought that we should pull out of Nigeria ; others advocated that we should have used our ‘ influence ’ to force the government to improve its record .
We did , however , speak out both publicly and privately about human rights issues on a number of occasions .
For instance , during the trial of Ken Saro - Wiwa and eight other Ogonis , we publicly stated that the accused had a right to a fair legal process .
Before the trial , we said Ken Saro - Wiwa had a right to freely hold and air his views .
After the trial verdict was announced , we said publicly that carrying out the death penalty would damage the process of reconciliation in Ogoni land .
The then Chairman of the Shell Group also sent a personal letter to the Nigerian Head of State appealing for clemency on humanitarian grounds .
Sadly , this and other appeals from concerned countries , organisations and individuals went unheard .
Unfortunately for Big Oil , environmental and human rights groups are n’t convinced Shell tried to prevent these human rights violations .
Shortly after the executions , Thilo Bode , Executive Director of Greenpeace International stated ,
Ken Saro - Wiwa was hanged today for speaking out against the environmental damage to the Niger Delta caused by Shell Oil through its 37 years of drilling in the region .
Ken Saro Wiwa was campaigning for what Greenpeace considers the most basic of human rights : the right for clean air , land and water .
His only crime was his success in bringing his cause to international attention …
If Shell and the Nigerian military think that the hanging of Saro - Wiwa has removed national and international outrage , they ’re wrong .
Greenpeace today reaffirms its dedication to continue the campaign against environmental destruction by the oil industry .
In a closing statement to the military tribunal , Saro - Wiwa himself expressed :
I repeat that we all stand before history .
I and my colleagues are not the only ones on trial .
Shell is here on trial and it is as well that it is represented by counsel said to be holding a watching brief .
The Company has , indeed , ducked this particular trial , but its day will surely come and the lessons learnt here may prove useful to it for there is no doubt in my mind that the ecological war that the Company has waged in the Delta will be called to question sooner than later and the crimes of that war be duly punished .
The crime of the Company ’s dirty wars against the Ogoni people will also be punished .
That day has finally come in the form of a civil lawsuit brought on by the families of the victims .
Not only is Shell accused of participating in the murder of the Ogoni Nine , but they oil giant is also facing charges of participating in torture , illegal detention , forced exile and shootings of Ogoni protesters .
The civil suit is based upon an obscure law against piracy from 1789 .
In 2004 , the US Supreme Court ruled the law could be used by foreigners against defendants , including multinational corporations like Shell , for crimes against humanity .
Specifically , the suit alleges
Shell consistently conspired with Nigerian military authorities to use violence against peaceful Ogoni protestors , including providing weapons , money , and logistical support .
The significance of Wiwa v Shell goes beyond holding Shell responsible for murder and environmental degradation in Nigeria .
If Shell is convicted , the case will provide precedence for holding transnational companies owned or operated in the United States responsible for human rights atrocities committed overseas .
Unfortunately the peaceful protests of Saro - Wiwa ’s day have evolved to violence , kidnappings , sabotage , corruption , and piracy in the Niger Delta .
Image : Peace Council
Bisnis saat ini tidak sama dengan sebelumnya .
Gagasan baru datang dan pergi , dan konsep bisnis terus berkembang menuju tujuan ekonomi yang lebih baik .
Sebagai hasil dari perkembangan bisnis , sejumlah bidang khusus dalam akuntansi telah berkembang .
Salah satu tren terbaru adalah akuntansi forensik .
Artikel ini memberikan informasi tentang bidang yang dibedakan ini .
Dalam artikel ini Anda akan mempelajari definisi akuntansi forensik , gaji dan peluang kerja , gelar , dan sertifikasi terkait .
Apa itu Akuntansi Forensik ?
Anda telah menemukan dua istilah sebelumnya , setidaknya secara terpisah ; dan Anda tidak pernah membayangkan bahwa mereka dapat diletakkan di samping satu sama lain .
Agak aneh ketika Anda memikirkan penyelidik swasta di TKP yang semuanya memegang kalkulator alih - alih kaca pembesar dan kamera .
Dan bahkan aneh melihat seorang pembukuan berusaha menyiapkan laporan keuangan triwulanan dengan pisau dan sarung tangan elastis !
Nah , istilahnya tidak terlalu merepotkan .
Istilah “ forensik ” berarti “ yang berkaitan dengan pengadilan atau perselisihan publik ” atau “ cocok untuk digunakan di pengadilan ” .
Akuntansi forensik melibatkan penggunaan keahlian akuntansi di pengadilan dan kasus - kasus litigasi , penyelidikan penipuan , klaim dan penyelesaian sengketa , dan bidang - bidang lain yang melibatkan masalah hukum .
Berbeda dengan pengaturan forensik dramatis populer yang berfokus pada ekstraksi DNA dan perhitungan lintasan peluru , akuntansi akuntansi forensik berkaitan dengan kejahatan finansial dan korporasi seperti penipuan .
Apa yang Dilakukan Akuntan Forensik
Karena kasus - kasus kejahatan terkait penipuan dan keuangan baru - baru ini , kebutuhan untuk pencegahan dan deteksi penipuan telah diintensifkan .
Inilah sebabnya akuntansi forensik terus menikmati popularitas yang meningkat pesat di dunia bisnis dan keuangan .
Akuntan forensik melakukan dua jenis layanan utama : investigasi dan dukungan litigasi .
Investigasi melibatkan pemeriksaan bukti potensial dan aktual yang dapat menyarankan keberadaan kegiatan penipuan dan informasi terkait yang terkait di dalamnya .
Baca juga : Apakah Akuntansi Pilihan Karir Yang Baik
Dalam dukungan litigasi , akuntan forensik memberikan bantuan dalam kasus tertentu , terutama terkait dengan perhitungan atau estimasi kerusakan ekonomi dan masalah terkait .
Akuntan forensik juga menghadirkan bukti dan bertindak sebagai saksi ahli di ruang sidang di mana mereka memberikan poin berharga yang berguna dalam memutuskan penipuan dan kasus terkait .
Karena keahlian yang dirasakan dan nilai yang ditempatkan oleh masyarakat untuk akuntan forensik , entitas bisnis mencari layanan konsultasi dan konsultasi .
Akuntan forensik terampil dalam seluk beluk skema penipuan .
Mereka dapat dipekerjakan untuk melakukan pekerjaan investigasi dan memberikan rekomendasi untuk mengurangi kemungkinan kegiatan penipuan terjadi .
Akuntan forensik juga bekerja dengan insiden kelalaian , kebangkrutan , kontrak , dan kasus - kasus lain yang melibatkan pemulihan kerusakan .
Cara Menjadi Akuntan Forensik
Karena semakin populernya bidang ini , banyak sekolah sekarang menawarkan gelar dan program pelatihan yang berkaitan dengan akuntansi forensik .
Hal pertama yang harus Anda pertimbangkan jika Anda ingin menjadi akuntan forensik adalah mendapatkan gelar sarjana dalam bidang akuntansi .
Kursus akuntansi forensik biasanya ditawarkan di tingkat magister .
Sertifikasi akuntansi di bidang akuntansi forensik akan membantu Anda membangun nilai dan pengakuan di masyarakat .
Memegang sertifikasi membuktikan bahwa Anda memenuhi syarat untuk melakukan layanan di bidang tersebut .
Beberapa sertifikasi akuntansi tersedia untuk akuntan forensik .
Pekerjaan dan Gaji Akuntansi Forensik
Akuntansi forensik dipuji sebagai salah satu karir yang paling cepat berkembang saat ini ; mungkin yang tercepat dalam profesi akuntansi .
Akuntan forensik disewa oleh pengusaha swasta dan publik yang ingin memanfaatkan layanan mereka yang berharga .
Instansi pemerintah mempekerjakan FA untuk membantu mereka dalam menyelesaikan penyimpangan keuangan dalam sistem mereka .
Sektor penelitian dan akademisi juga menuntut pengetahuan mereka dalam bidang khusus tersebut .
Memiliki latar belakang dalam akuntansi forensik menghadapkan akuntan ke lensa yang lebih luas di cakrawala akuntansi .
Ini memberikan kualifikasi nilai tambah yang berguna terutama bagi mereka yang berada di posisi level manajemen dan departemen penasihat .
Gaji rata -rata akuntan forensik di AS adalah sekitar $ 75.000 dengan banyak menghasilkan lebih dari $ 100.000 per tahun .
Gaji tahunan enam digit tidak jarang dalam jenis spesialisasi ini .
Gaji awal akuntan forensik berkisar dari $ 30.000 hingga $ 60.000 per tahun .
With all the hubbub about Natal there has n’t been much mention of the lack of real time demos .
Furthermore much of the demonstrations we have seen have not really proven the controllers alleged abilities .
Tonight on the Late Show with Jimmy Fallon , Natal was demonstrated before a live studio audience .
Oddly enough Jimmy and the other guys playing with the device were all dressed in orange jumpsuits .
Natal seems to have vision problems that requires the users to don prison jumpsuits .
While demonstrating Burnout , oddly the boost was never used .
The beauty of the PlayStation solution for motion is it ’s ability to deliver near pin-point accuracy .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RwTvTenC020[/youtube]
Here is the best Apples to Apples comparison we could come up with from what everyone has seen .
I think you can see the stark difference between painting with “ splotches ” versus writing in thin air .
Also the weapon mechanics demonstrated appear near ready for prime time .
Which is a stark difference to the Xbox Avatar appearing to be in convulsions when you simply lift up your foot .
BAM !
This is not meant to say Natal is doomed , but Microsoft rushed the 360 out of the door , Natal may have certain undocumented features when it hits retail .
Keep in mind the non-realtime video showing off the Natal capabilities are prefaced with the caveat – “ Product vision : actual features and functionality may vary . “
Pinoy - Pinay .
Panorama City , CA .
If you cannot bear the silence and the darkness , do not go there ; if you dislike black night and yawning chasms , never make them your profession .
If you fear the sound of water hurrying through crevices toward unknown and mysterious destinations , do not consider it .
Seek out the sunshine .
It is a simple prescription .
Avoid the darkness .
The Night Country
Round and round the cobbler 's bench
The monkey chased the weasel ,
The monkey thought ' twas all in fun
Pop !
Goes the weasel !
( WARNING : THIS POST CONTAINS GRAPHIC PHOTOS OF DUCK FETUS ) - Loren Eiseley from the book
In the Philippines there are supernatural creatures infamous in the country ’s folklore that can put a crippling chill in the spine of grown men by the mere mention of their name .
On nights when the moon is high and the weather balmy and the air thick and wet , and when the residents of small villages leave their windows and doors wide open to escape the oppressive heat that smothers the Malay Archipelago , this is when the feared aswang are said to appear .
The aswang live among the general human population and are not easily identified .
They can take the form of women by day and werewolves by night .
These are the merciless and murderous shapeshifters that hunt small children and the frail elderly .
They may also take the form of a bloodsucking female vampire who seduce and kill .
Or they can resemble something Westerners would describe as zombies or the undead on an eternal search for human flesh with a special fondness for liver .
An aswang is also able to cast spells in order to subdue the victim then use her wickedly long , serpentine tongue to penetrate the skin and to feed off of the blood .
As with many of the aswang ’s Western counterparts , they were once human but became possessed by evil spirits and turned into creatures of the night .
There are a few ways to turn aswang but it is rumored that one way is to eat balut .
There is a delicacy infamous in Filipino culture that can put a crippling chill in the spine of grown men almost as quickly as talk of aswang .
That delicacy is the notorious balut .
Balut is a popular Filipino street snack and is essentially a duck egg with a fetus inside , typically between seventeen to twenty days in gestation .
In the Philippines balut is so popular that it is equivalent to what the hot dog is in the U.S.
There are balut vendors who push around carts full of fetal treats and bark their wares in a sing - song chant of “ baluuuut , baluuuut ! ”
Balut is also a popular aphrodisiac for men .
But even with the good vibes and positive spin surrounding balut , the stigma attached to eating it overshadows all the warm and fuzzy aspects of this very Deep End Dining dish .
Balut is the culinary heart of darkness .
If you eat it , you have reservations about doing so .
If you know about it , you have strong opinions regarding it .
Ask for it in a restaurant and the clerk will visibly react .
Devour it at a table with others who are n’t , and you ’re guaranteed to dine solo .
Explain balut to the uninitiated and be prepared for your audience to run away from you as quickly as possible while seeking sanctuary in something comforting like a Ding Dong .
I know all this because I ’ve had these things happen to me whenever balut is present , physically or conversationally .
I have struggled and continue to struggle with eating balut .
Superman has his kryptonite and I have balut .
It is probably one of the ( if not THE ) exotic foods I fear most .
In fact , I have been putting off reviewing balut for almost a year now for this reason .
Why am I so freaked out by balut ?
Well , how much time do you have ?
For starters , balut will haunt you after you ingest it .
It stays with you forever .
I ’m not suggesting that I believe in the ghost stories about being possessed after eating balut .
I ’m speaking more to the traumatic imprinting that might occur when you consume this culturally complex cuisine .
Even when I try hard not to think about what I ’m eating , somewhere in the dark recesses of my mind I ’m aware that I ’m eating a fetus , life that is yet to be , something unborn , taboo food .
Also , this awareness has nothing to do with political - religious beliefs .
It is simply the unappealing idea of eating a fetus .
I did not grow up eating balut .
My first exposure to balut was my sophomore year in college when a Filipina friend of mine let me sample one of these eccentric eggs .
She invited me to her home where she was to prepare it .
Back in those days I was only slightly less daring about trying new and strange foods than compared to today .
Also , I prided myself on being the “ been there , ate that ” guy .
No exotic food could shock me .
I ’ve seen it all …or so I thought .
My friend returned from the kitchen , grinning from ear to ear rather nefariously .
She explained to me in plain language that balut is a boiled duck ’s egg with a fetus inside .
She continued on to illustrate that when I chew on the egg I may come across feathers , the duck 's bill , bones and other bonus treats that are n’t included in your standard hard - boiled egg .
Intellectually I understood what she was telling me .
Realistically I could not have been more unprepared .
There on the table was the first balut I ’d ever seen and it had my name on it .
But before I was to breach the balut ’s shell , my friend instructed me on the basics of eating balut .
First , I had to tap the pointy tip of the egg ’s shell and make an opening large enough only for the broth to trickle into my mouth .
Next , I needed to remove the shell and season the egg with salt .
Lastly , I had to decide whether to wolf down the balut in just two bites or less , so as not to visually encounter the fetus , or to nibble on the egg and eat it section by section , being extra cozy with the partially formed duck .
Lesson over .
So I went ahead and tapped the tip of the egg , created a tiny hole and took a quick swig of the soup .
It was nice .
Light and subtly sweet .
The next thing that happened is a lot like what happens when you crank the handle of a jack in the box .
You know something is going to pop out and you know it is going to startle you , but just because something is predictable does n’t make it less shocking .
It came time to open the balut .
I peeled off a sizeable swath of shell .
Suddenly and without any warning the fetus was exposed .
In my hand , clear as crystal , was part of a duck fetus imbedded in the whites with a random feather jutting out .
The blood drained from my face , my knees buckled and my breath quickened .
I dropped the balut and told my friend there was no way I could eat any part of that gruesome egg .
My friend ’s eyes widened and brightened .
I think I even spied a string of saliva dangling from an incisor .
She grabbed the balut and said , “ That just means more for me . ”
She then ferociously devoured it as if it was the most delicious thing she ’d ever eaten in her entire life .
She seemed a little intense when she ate the balut and it was worrisome to me , however there was no Hannibal Lecter styled flourish at the end , just a dainty belch .
That happened over fifteen years ago .
I ’m older now .
Less idealistic .
More cynical .
Maybe more callous .
I do n’t know .
All I know is I have a score to settle .
Balut beat me once and I was n’t going to let it happen again .
I could do this .
Who cares if it ’s a little baby duck that will never see a glistening pond or swim with a paddling of other baby ducks .
I mean , really , what ’s there to be afraid of ?
It ’s not alive like Korean “ live tentacles ” .
It ’s not potentially poisonous like Japanese fugu .
And I do n’t believe in those silly ghost stories about being possessed by female vampires after eating balut .
The worst thing about it is that it looks kinda gross .
But so does a chunk of blue cheese .
The fear is all in my mind .
Bring .
It . On .
This was easier said than done , however .
Balut is readily available in Filipino grocery stores but much harder to get at Filipino restaurants , and I wanted to eat it at a restaurant .
Pinoy - Pinay in Panorama City , California is one of the few restaurants that occasionally serves balut depending on whether or not the balut guy delivers a basket that day .
When I showed up , it was there .
I suppose it was destiny .
The servers behind the counter at this turo - turo or “ point - point restaurant ” were suspicious of me as I went through the buffet line and only asked for the balut and nothing else .
As soon as the balut hit my tray , I grabbed a corner booth , tried to blend in and started to unwrap the foil that encased the balut .
I chipped a chunk of the shell ’s top off and took a drink of the broth just like the first time .
Although , this time around I could n’t help but ponder the idea of whether this liquid was really a broth or closer to amniotic fluid .
A provocative yet unappetizing thought , perhaps .
Regardless , the broth slash amniotic fluid was faintly nectarous and pleasant .
After sipping the very life force out of the balut and delaying as long as possible the inevitable ingesting of the fetus , I began removing the shell patch by patch until the balut was completely exposed .
In front of me in all its ghastly splendor was something that resembled a teleportation gone horribly wrong .
In just about any science - fiction show there is a small chance that when a person is teleported something could go awry and when the person is finally reassembled on the other side he could end up with his insides on the outside .
Vile , I know , but this is what my balut reminded me of .
The albumen or whites was covered by a sprawl of blood vessels , deeply etched all over the egg like red tribal markings .
In another spot was a knot of unidentifiable nerves that looked vital .
Over here was something resembling fibrous tissue of some sort .
The whole shebang was coated in a slimy membrane that shimmered in the light .
This was worse than I remembered and definitely a very bad beginning .
I decided that I would do this in a big way and really face - off with my food .
Which meant I would eat the balut bit by bit and expose the fetus and then eat the fetus without any barrier between it and me .
My palms began to sweat as I deliberately took the egg apart piece by piece .
Every time a chunk of egg was removed it was like the jack in the box .
I wanted to stop but I was morbidly curious and could not .
The next chunk of albumen came off .
And the next .
Then the next … Like a jolt there it was .
The fetus : head , eyes , bill , little wings .
No feathers , thank God .
The sight of it threw me back into my seat .
No matter how much I thought I was prepared for the balut , I still could n’t handle looking at it .
It turned my stomach .
My throat constricted .
My body was doing everything it could to dissuade me from putting that thing into my mouth .
This fetus was a mad scientist ’s experiment .
It was an H.R. Giger creation .
It was a bad acid trip .
This fetus was many things but the one thing it certainly was n’t was something I wanted to eat .
But I had no choice really .
Here I am .
There it is .
Here goes nothing .
I took a deep breath , shut my eyes and did it quickly .
( Sound advice for lots of things in life you do n’t want to do . )
I went right for the head and upper torso just like Ozzy Osborne used to do .
Then I braced myself and waited for what I thought would be the unavoidable and unnerving crunch of tiny bones and the stab of a the bill .
Miraculously and inexplicably , there was none of that , only the gentle sinking of teeth into egg .
I dodged the balut bullet .
Suddenly this monstrosity of a meal did n’t seem so daunting anymore .
Now I could actually focus on the taste and not the terror .
And , you know , it kind of tastes good .
It tastes , appropriately enough , like duck .
It also tastes like duck liver .
I was very relieved .
But I was also disappointed .
How could a food inspire so much fear , controversy and ghost stories and ultimately taste common , banal , even boring ?
How was this possible ?
And how very anticlimactic .
Regardless of this relatively benign experience , I am still skittish of balut .
I simply ca n’t look at it .
The sight of the fetus disgusts me like nothing else .
I snicker at people who ca n’t eat fish with the head still attached or a whole roast pig or a Chinese roast duck .
Balut really is not all that different from those dishes .
But at the same time it is different .
Maybe what bothers me is the baby thing .
I ’m uncertain because I do enjoy baby octopus .
Maybe it ’s the vulnerable nature of the fetus .
This could be part of the reason .
Or maybe it ’s the sickening sight of a partially formed creature ?
I prefer my food fully constructed and a little older .
Would I ever try balut again ?
Well , there is another traditional approach to eating balut that I forgot to mention .
It involves drinking a shot of liquor after every bite of egg .
So if there ’s a bottle of Jack next to that sack of balut , you can count me in as a definite maybe .
This year , unlike last year , I had the good fortune to be physically located in the same place as several other people interested in competing in the 2009 ICFP Programming Contest .
We only ended up with three people — we could have used more — but it was quite a lot of fun .
The problem this year ( controlling some satellites to accomplish certain goals ) was a good one .
I especially liked the approach of distributing binaries to be run on a virtual machine , and requiring execution traces as submissions — as opposed to last year ’s contest , it removed all the ickiness with wrangling execution platforms and ensuring your code would run on the organizers ’ servers .
And the problem itself was nifty , easy to get started on , difficult to finish , and always left room for improvements .
My only complaint is that I would have been more excited about something with a more discrete flavor , since this was the second contest in a row with a simulation of physical objects , vector math , trig , and so on — but that ’s only a small complaint .
We did respectably , solving 8 of the 16 scenarios ( 100 x and 200x ) — although of course hindsight is 20 / 20 , and I think in particular we could have pretty easily solved all the 300x scenarios .
We ended up spending too much time trying to work things out mathematically and not enough just doing simulation and search ( although I ’m definitely biased since I ’m the one who wrote a physics simulator module … = ) .
We used Haskell , of course , which seemed to mostly work well .
I wrote our VM , and although it was n’t blazing fast , it was fast enough for what we ended up doing with it .
The only truly annoying part was serializing and deserializing IEEE doubles , since Data .
Binary does n’t use IEEE format , and I did n’t know about the data - binary - ieee754 package until too late .
I ended up doing some ugliness involving ByteStrings , foreign pointers , peek and poke … yuck !
The first scenario was easy enough , using the provided information about Hohmann transfer orbits and looking up some math on computing the required vectors ( my teammate Julien did most of the heavy lifting mathematics - research - wise … I just typed what he told me to = ) .
For the second scenario , we were able to figure out how to compute the correct angle at which to initiate a Hohmann transfer in order to meet up with the second satellite , but the problem at first was that it was n’t accurate enough — but we finally got it to work doing some simple searches with a physics simulator ( after I spent two hours figuring out that negating an angle is NOT the same thing as adding pi to it ! ) .
I ’m confident we could have gotten the third scenario to work similarly , by first transferring to a circular orbit tangent to an apogee of the target orbit ( doing some sort of calculation / simulation to work out the timing correctly ) , but oh well , we did n’t get there .
This is also where having more people would have helped , both to be able to code more stuff in parallel and for some fresh ideas .
But , all in all , a most enjoyable experience , and I look forward to putting together a ( hopefully larger ) team again next summer !
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
The results could help explain why the warm tropics are so species - rich
Climate could have a direct effect on the speed of " molecular evolution " in mammals , according to a study .
Researchers have found that , among pairs of mammals of the same species , the DNA of those living in warmer climates changes at a faster rate .
These mutations - where one letter of the DNA code is substituted for another - are a first step in evolution .
The study , reported in Proceedings of the Royal Society B , could help explain why the tropics are so species - rich .
DNA can mutate and change imperceptibly every time a cell divides and makes a copy of itself .
But when one of these mutations causes a change that is advantageous for the animal - for example , rendering it resistant to a particular disease - it is often " selected for " , or passed down to the next few generations of that same species .
Such changes , which create differences within a population but do not give rise to new species , are known as " microevolution " .
The idea that microevolution happens faster in warmer environments is not new .
But this is the first time the effect has been shown in mammals , which regulate their own body temperature .
" The result was unexpected , " said Len Gillman from Auckland University of Technology , who led the study .
" We have previously found a similar result for plant species and other groups have seen it in marine animals .
But since these are ' ectotherms ' - their body temperature is controlled directly by the environment - everyone assumed that the effect was caused by climate altering their metabolic rate . "
Scientists believe that this link between temperature and metabolic rate means that , in warmer climates , the germ cells that eventually develop into sperm and eggs divide more frequently .
" An increase in cell division provides more opportunities for mutations in the population over a given time , " explained Dr Gillman .
" This increases the probability of advantageous mutations that are selected for within the species . "
' Sister species '
" We suspected the same effect might be happening in mammals , because seasonal changes affect the animals ' activity , " Dr Gillman told BBC News .
Lemurs were one of the 130 pairs of closely related mammals investigated He and his team compared the DNA of 130 pairs of mammals , looking at genetically similar " sister species " - where each of the pair lived at a different latitude or elevation .
They tracked changes in one gene that codes for a protein known as cytochrome b , comparing the same gene in each of the pair of mammals to a " reference " gene in a common ancestor .
By looking for mutations in the DNA code for this gene - each point where one letter in the code was substituted for another - the researchers were able to see which of the two mammals had " microevolved " faster .
Animals living in environments where the climate was warmer , had about 1.5 times more of these substitutions than the animals living in cooler environments .
Dr Gillman explained that , at higher latitudes where environments are colder and less productive , animals often conserve their energy - hibernating or resting to reduce their metabolic activity .
" In warmer climates annual metabolic activity is likely to be greater , so this will lead to more total cell divisions per year in the germline . "
These results support the idea that high tropical biodiversity is caused by faster rates of evolution in warmer climates .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
SAN FRANCISCO – A federal judge on Wednesday dismissed lawsuits targeting the nation 's telecommunication companies for their participation in President George W. Bush 's once - secret electronic eavesdropping program .
In his ruling , U.S. District Judge Vaughn Walker upheld summer legislation protecting the companies from the lawsuits .
The legislation , which then - Sen .
Barack Obama voted for , also granted the government the authority to monitor American 's telecommunications without warrants if the subject was communicating with somebody overseas suspected of terrorism .
Bush acknowledged the so - called Terror Surveillance Program in December 2005 , and claimed as chief executive , his war powers gave him the authority to spy without court authorization .
Walker 's decision ( .pdf ) , if it survives , ends more than three years of litigation accusing the nation 's carriers of funneling Americans ' electronic communications to the Bush administration without warrants in the aftermath of the Sept. 11 , 2001 terror attacks .
The ruling also means that the public may never know how the Bush White House coaxed the telecoms to participate in the program without court warrants , as the Electronic Frontier Foundation alleged in a lawsuit lodged in federal court here three years ago .
" Congress has manifested its unequivocal intention to create an immunity that will shield the telecommunications company defendants from liability in these actions , " Walker wrote .
The legislation at issue in the case was crafted after Walker had refused to dismiss the lawsuit the EFF brought in 2006 against AT&T .
At the time , Walker 's initial decision allowing the case to go forward was idling on appeal before the San Francisco - based 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals , meaning the merits of the lawsuit have never been addressed .
All of the nation 's leading telecommunication companies have been added to the litigation .
The Bush administration and then the Obama administration argued that the original case should be dismissed on grounds that it threatened to expose government secrets , a legal privilege judges routinely rubber stamp .
The EFF , in a bid to revive the lawsuit , challenged the immunity legislation on grounds that Congress was prohibited from legislating what the EFF termed was unconstitutional activity by the telecommunication companies .
" We 're disappointed , " said Cindy Cohn , the EFF 's legal director .
" We think the judge is wrong . "
She said the EFF would appeal the decision to the San Francisco - based 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals .
The EFF crafted the initial lawsuit around a former AT&T technician 's documentation suggesting that AT&T customers ' electronic communications were siphoned to the National Security Agency without warrants .
Still , while the lawsuits targeting the telecommunications appear all but dead , litigation testing the president 's authority to spy on Americans without warrants is alive and well in a different lawsuit before Walker .
That suit involves two American lawyers accidentally given a " top secret " document showing they were eavesdropped on by the government when working for a now - defunct Islamic charity in 2004 .
The case tests whether a sitting U.S. president may bypass Congress — in this case , whether President Bush abused his power by authorizing his secret spying program in the aftermath of the Sept. 11 attacks .
During a hearing before Walker in that case hours after his telecom ruling , the judge decided to set a Sept.
1 hearing in which he 'll decide whether the charity 's former lawyers have legal standing to bring the lawsuit .
At least for now , the once - secret documents are not part of the case because the government has declared them a state secret .
Walker , despite his earlier threats , on Wednesday refused to order them as part of the case .
Two weeks ago , he also suggested he might summarily decide the lawsuit against the government as a sanction for its refusal to help craft a so - called protective order that would lead to the documents being disclosed to the plaintiffs ' attorneys only .
Instead , Walker said Wednesday he would hold a September hearing and rule on whether the case could proceed and be litigated on the merits without the documents .
" The content of the sealed document will not be a part of the court 's decision , " Walker said .
Either way , the judge noted that the appellate courts , and perhaps the Supreme Court , would have the final say on the matter .
" We 'll just see how this plays out , " Walker said from the bench .
( Photo courtesy MrBill . )
See Also :
We mentioned this earlier this week , but via HRC ’s Back Story we see that Oklahoma ’s News 9 has done a segment on Rep.
Sally Kern ’s Proclamation for Morality in which she blames the nation ’s current economic and other problems on gays , abortion , divorce , and all around lack of Christian faith :
News 9 has also posted a copy of the proclamation , which you can read here [ PDF ] :
WHEREAS , the people of Oklahoma have a strong tradition of reliance upon the Creator of the Universe ; and
WHEREAS , we believe our economic woes are consequences of our greater national moral crisis ; and
WHEREAS , this nation has become a world leader in promoting abortion , pornography , same sex marriage , sex trafficking , divorce , illegitimate births , child abuse , and many other forms of debauchery ; and
WHEREAS , alarmed that the Government of the United States of America is forsaking the rich Christian heritage upon which this nation was built ; and
WHEREAS , grieved that the Office of the president of these United States has refused to uphold the long held tradition of past presidents in giving recognition to our National Day of Prayer ; and
WHEREAS , deeply disturbed that the Office of the president of these United States disregards the biblical admonitions to live clean and pure lives by proclaiming an entire month to an immoral behavior ;
NOW THEREFORE , BE IT RESOLVED that we the undersigned elected officials of the people of Oklahoma , religious leaders and citizens of the State of Oklahoma , appealing to the Supreme Judge of the world , solemnly declare that the HOPE of the great State of Oklahoma and of these United States , rests upon the Principles of Religion and Morality as put forth in the HOLY BIBLE
EA has just announced that Fight Night Round 4 will be arriving a week early .
The games official release day is now June 25th on all major platforms .
Continue following our live - blogging of the E3 conference all week long .
We here at PlayStation LifeStyle are looking forward to this gorgeous looking game .
What do you guys think ?
But sometimes , scientists come up with experiments that seem to serve no other purpose than to fuck with unsuspecting test subjects for their own amusement .
Science can be an ugly business .
Progress requires smart people to do nasty things , like cutting up bodies or electrocuting animals .
It 's just part of the price we pay for advancement .
6 The Piss Test
Say you find yourself in a public restroom and notice a man standing at the mirror taking an obsessive interest in combing his hair .
At the same time , an overexcited guy tries snuggling up to you in the adjacent urinal , getting as close as possible to share in your moment of dick - wielding intimacy .
On top of all that , you get the eerie feeling that someone is secretly staring at your gigglestick through a periscope .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Sound like paranoia ( or a David Lynch film ) ?
Wrong .
You 've been caught in a urination shyness sting .
Yes , that 's a real thing , done by actual scientists .
Though , clearly , it could be worse .
That guy at the mirror groping his coif is actually intently listening to your pee and trying to determine how fast it 's being jettisoned from your chubmarine .
The eager beaver next to you is fucking with you on purpose , diligently working to increase your level of discomfort .
And yes , there is someone inside the wall , monitoring your urine stream through the world 's filthiest viewmaster .
All in the name of science , of course .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Here 's the paper the three researchers published on their experiment - slash - Porky 's reenactment .
They wanted to know how an invasion of personal space would affect the speed and flow of someone 's urine stream .
Really , do we need to list all of the thousands of reasons that information could be important in an emergency ?
Their mind - blowing discovery ?
It takes a guy longer to pee when he 's creeped the fuck out .
Perhaps even more mind - blowing is the fact that the experiment was likely made possible by grant dollars , which means somebody read this proposal and decided to invest in it , presumably before going on to invent several Japanese game shows .
Manny : ‘ I did n’t kill or rape anyone . ’
Breaking his silence for the first time since he was suspended 50 games for testing positive for PEDs , Manny Ramirez told the Los Angeles Times that he vows to “ make it up ” to the Dodger fans by leading the team “ to another level ” upon his return .
He also dropped this little ditty in the interview :
“ I did n’t kill nobody , I did n’t rape nobody , so that ’s it , I ’m just going to come and play the game , ” Ramirez said .
You know what ?
I agree with him .
He did n’t kill or rape anybody and if he did take steroids , in the grand scheme of things when you really get down to the nuts and bolts of the issue , he only endangered himself .
But the problem is that he was so arrogant reaching this point that nobody has a problem chastising him to no end .
He flat out quit on the Red Sox ( not just the organization – but an entire team ) last year , only to be traded to the Dodgers and be made a hero .
Then , in spite of everything the L.A. organization and fan base did for him , he and his equally arrogant agent dragged the Dodgers through the mud in order to get a new contract even though no other club was bidding for his services .
In the end , Manny settled for a deal that was fair for both sides and then what did he do ?
Got himself suspended for 50 games , which could have drove the Dodgers into a tailspin until he got back .
He ’s lucky the Dodgers have n’t missed a beat on the field or else he would be getting absolutely lambasted on a daily basis .
And pushing all that to the side , there ’s also the little issue of him ( possibly ) cheating the game .
Manny was the poster child for sluggers to back in the steroid era , but he let baseball fans down and that ’s his biggest crime to date .
So no Manny , you did n’t kill anyone .
But because of what you did to get to this point , you deserve all the criticism that floats your way .
OTTAWA – The Royal Canadian Mint is being urged to examine its security procedures after a third - party review concluded that the disappearance of more than $ 15 million worth of gold from the Royal Canadian Mint does not appear to be the result of an accounting error .
The review is urging an " in - depth review of systems security and an assessment of potential inappropriate activity by both internal and / or external parties . "
Mint officials have already called in the Royal Canadian Mounted Police to assist in the investigation and today said they were cooperating " fully " with the police probe .
For months , officials at the mint have been searching for answers to reconcile their records with the actual physical stock of gold .
But the review , released this morning , only fuels further questions about where the " missing " stock of gold has gone though the Mint says it 's still not clear whether any gold is actually missing from the property or whether it 's just a paper mix - up .
That review , done by Deloitte and Touche , was to determine if the difference in gold was the result of an accounting or transaction recording error .
But in a statement today , the report concluded that " the unaccounted for difference in gold does not appear to relate to an accounting error in the reconciliation process , an accounting error in the physical stock count schedules , or an accounting error in the recordkeeping of transactions during the year . "
For the first time , the mint has publicly stated the value of the missing precious metal — $ 15.3 million — and said today that it intends to file a claim under its insurance policy to recoup the value .
The review also suggested a technical review of operations to identify areas where gold may have been lost through refining process .
And it urges an accounting review of prior records to reconcile the differences though it concedes such a review may be difficult due to " the passage of time , the availability of supporting documentation and the turnover of Mint staff .
In a statement , Bennett emphasized that " the Mint will aggressively continue its efforts both internally and with outside experts to determine the sources of the unreconciled difference . "
South Africa is currently hosting the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup , an international soccer tournament held every four years .
The Confederations Cup is regarded as a dress rehearsal for the 2010 FIFA World Cup , also hosted by South Africa - the first World Cup to be held in Africa .
Expectations are high as preparations , stadium construction and planning for both tournaments have recently picked up pace .
With soccer fever sweeping through the country , you 'll find here some recent scenes of South Africans enjoying football as both participants and fans .
( 28 photos total
On July 16 , 1969 Paul Calle was with the Apollo XI astronauts as they had breakfast and prepared for their historic journey to the Moon .
Calle was the only artist to document the activities of Astronauts , Armstrong , Aldrin and Collins as they Suited Up for the Apollo XI Mission .
His on - the - spot pen and ink sketches stand as an artistic impression of the final hours on Earth of three men as they journeyed into Space destined to make history for all mankind .
( Reader instructions : Read with tongue firmly in cheek . )
In the study of linguistics , one of the more interesting , insightful , and often humorous aspects of regional speech patterns are those colorful little colloquialisms known as adages , aphorisms , and idioms .
If you 've traveled the country , you 've no doubt heard someone use the phrase , " Pay through the nose , " or " You 're just talkin ' out of your ass , " or , so - and - so " shit a brick ! "
Well , I decided to do a little research into this phenomenon to see if there are any factual or anecdotal basis for these sayings .
And after traveling the country for several years , asking people to relate what they believe to be the origins of locally - used idioms , I discovered that in most cases there are indeed specific events related to particular sayings .
For example , " Pay through the nose , " as the legend goes , is attributed to a now extinct Inuit tribe of Alaska who after discovering the quaint pleasantry of rubbing noses , attempted to initiate other nose customs .
( Fortunately , perhaps , this one never really caught on . )
Seems " You 're just talkin ' out of your ass " dates back to 550 BC Mesopotamia and a local desert grifter named Ishmael who unwittingly became the world 's first ventriloquist when a skeptical onlooker exposed his Bathsheba the Talking Mule routine .
And " shit a brick , " as it turns out , is attributed to a very talented rooster once living in China who 'd lived most of its life in the " lap of luxury " due to possessing this remarkable ability -- only to be upstaged late in life by the discovery of a goose who could lay golden eggs .
( No need to tell you how that ended ! )
Indeed , these and countless other sayings are so embedded in our language patterns that most of us use them without even thinking , and with no idea what they actually mean .
When I was growing up in Pennsylvania during the 1960s , a common colloquialism was " nit- picker . "
You 'd often hear someone say , " Oh , do n't be such a nit - picker ! "
Well as it turns out , " nit - picker " is actually one of several historically documented and apparently semi-lucrative occupations during the Dark Ages when water was scarce and plumbing as yet unknown .
But as history confirms , dust blowers and crud scrapers were somewhat better paying jobs of the time .
What about the phrase , " Give me a hand . "
Where do suppose it came from ?
Well , if we can trust urban legend , this was the simple instruction that ultimately led to the parting of ways ( and limbs ) of Dr. Frankenstein and his wise - cracking and irrepressible anything - for - laugh lab assistant , Igor .
( Gotta visualize that one ! )
And certainly , we 've all heard the saying , " Take a long walk off a short pier . "
Well , as I discovered while visiting St. Augustine , this little idiom is part of the legacy of one " Savage Sam , " the only known sea-sick pirate of the Seven Seas , who because of his aversion to water , devised this version of Walk the Plank for all the scurvy ship captains he scourged dock - side .
" Hog heaven . " " Hind Sight . "
" Born with a silver spoon in his / her mouth . "
" A lick and a promise . "
They all have what would seem very logical and credible linguistic pedigrees .
One of my grandmother 's favorites was , " I 'll hit you so hard your nose will bleed buttermilk ! "
Most of my life I thought she 'd penned this little ditty herself only to find out that it 's actually Biblical in origin ; in the Philistine version of the David story , before David thought to use his sling , this was the taunt he'd hoped would discourage Goliath from swiftly cutting off his head .
How about " Nose to the grindstone ? " I still hear that one now and again .
In the mid-West , this saying is attributed to a miller named Johnson whose flour was once the " hands - down " favorite of bakers for hundreds of mile around until someone accidentally witnessed how Johnson got that special down - home taste .
As our language evolves and morphs , new phrases find their way into our idiomatic lexicon .
While some adages and aphorisms end - up as part of a regional linguistic package , others seem to float free - form around the country , turning up in the most unexpected places -- a nun once instructed me to " keep my pants on . "
( I did n't dare inform her of its origin ! )
But by far the most fascinating aspect of the current linguistic process are those sayings finding their way into our vocabulary via foreign languages .
But . . . you 'll just have to read my next Factoidz installment to find out more about those !
My Thoughts :
( OrganicJar ) New research has discovered that meditation may be an effective treatment of insomnia .
Results indicate that patients saw improvements in sleep quality , sleep latency , total sleep time , total wake time , wake after sleep onset , sleep efficiency , and depression improved in patients who used meditation .
According to principal investigator Ramadevi Gourineni , MD , director of the insomnia program at Northwestern Memorial Hospital in Evanston , Ill. , insomnia is believed to be a 24 - hour problem of hyperarousal , and elevated measures of arousals are seen throughout the day .
" Results of the study show that teaching deep relaxation techniques during the daytime can help improve sleep at night , " said Gourineni .
The study gathered data from 11 healthy subjects between the ages of 25 and 45 years with chronic primary insomnia .
Participants were divided into two intervention groups for two months : Kriya Yoga ( a form of meditation that is used to focus internalized attention and has been shown to reduce measures of arousal ) and health education .
Subjective measures of sleep and depression were collected at baseline and after the two - month period .
Both groups received sleep hygiene education ; members of the health education group also received information about health - related topics and how to improve health through exercise , nutrition , weight loss and stress management .
I ’m a big fan of meditation .
It ’s been one of the biggest challenges for me to do .
I have one of those minds that never turns off , I mean never !
I have dozens of journals , pages of ideas …as I ’m typing this , my mind is solving several things .
But I think that ’s what draws me to meditation , its challenging for me .
The technique I use to help turn my ‘ mind switch ’ to off , is to light a candle and star into the flame .
It ’s truly a simple technique that has me meditating for hours several times a week .
Keep in touch with me on Twitter or Facebook Source : sciencedaily.com
Free Realms tops 3 million users in seven weeks Sony Online Entertainment PC title goes from strength to strength
Matt Martin Friday 12th June 2009
Share this article Share
Companies in this article Sony Online Entertainment
Sony Online Entertainment 's Free Realms continues to go from strength to strength , with the announcement it has clocked up over three million users in just seven weeks .
The free - to - play MMO is aimed at a young audience and makes money through micro transactions via the sale of Station Cash game cards , available at retailers including Blockbuster , Best Buy and 7 - Eleven .
" SOE worked diligently over the past four years to ensure that Free Realms would take the online space by storm , " said John Smedley , president of Sony Online Entertainment .
" We are pleased to be able to provide such a vast , in - depth and , most importantly , fun world to an average of 500,000 new gamers per week . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Iranian riot police have fired tear gas to break up a new opposition rally in the centre of the capital Tehran , hours after a stern warning to protesters .
Some 1,000 people had gathered on Haft-e Tir Square despite the warning from Iran 's Revolutionary Guards against holding unapproved rallies .
Basij militiamen wielding clubs were brought in to reinforce the police .
The Guards , an elite armed force , vowed to crack down on new street protests over the presidential election results .
There are lots of people but they are scattered
Eyewitness ,
in e-mail to BBC Persian TV
How Iran eavesdrops on mobiles Jeremy Bowen : Splits widen On Friday Ayatollah Ali Khamenei banned protests , prompting street violence in which at least 10 people died .
Severe reporting restrictions placed on the BBC and other foreign media in Iran mean protest reports cannot be verified independently .
Clubs and tear gas Eyewitnesses said hundreds of riot police were used to drive the protesters from the square .
On Monday afternoon , a police helicopter could be seen circling above the centre of Tehran .
The clashes are getting bloodier every day
Behrooz , BBC News website reader in Tehran
Iranian views : tension rising Q&A : Election aftermath Some Basij militiamen , who are being used as street - level enforcers , stood in groups armed with clubs while others rode around on motorbikes .
BBC Persian TV received an e-mail from one person saying : " There are lots of people but they are scattered , and lots of police guards .
They are firing bullets in the air and using tear gas against the crowds . "
In side streets , young people set fire to rubbish skips in what they said was a protest but also an attempt to combat the tear gas .
Some claimed not to be scared by the large show of force and threats from the Revolutionary Guards .
The Guards have close ties to the country 's supreme leader .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
In a statement posted on their website , they said their troops would break up street protests and force protesters from the streets .
" Be prepared for a resolution and revolutionary confrontation with the Guards , Basij and other security forces and disciplinary forces , " they said .
" The Guards will firmly confront in a revolutionary way rioters and those who violate the law , " they added .
The Basij militia was involved in quelling earlier protests during more than a week of demonstrations against the re-election of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
In other developments on Monday : • Italy instructed its embassy in Tehran to provide humanitarian aid to protesters wounded during clashes •
The UK Foreign Office said it was evacuating the families of staff based in Iran " until the situation improves " ' No memorial service '
The fiance of Neda Agha - Soltan , the young woman whose violent death during clashes in Tehran on Saturday was recorded on video and uploaded to the internet , has described the events leading up to her shooting in an interview for BBC Persian TV .
The authorities are aware that everybody in Iran and throughout the whole world knows about her story
Caspian Makan
Fiance of Neda Agha-Soltan
Death video girl ' targeted by militia '
She had been sitting with her music teacher in a car , stuck in traffic , when she decided to get out because of the heat .
" She got out of the car for just for a few minutes [ and ] that 's when she was shot dead , " said Caspian Makan .
Mr Makan quoted eyewitnesses as saying she appeared to have been targeted deliberately by " paramilitaries in civilian clothing " .
He added that officials had prevented mourners holding a memorial service at a mosque on Monday .
" The authorities are aware that everybody in Iran and throughout the whole world knows about her story , " he told the BBC .
" They were afraid that lots of people could turn up . "
Election results show Mr Ahmadinejad won the 12 June election by a landslide , taking 63 % of the vote , almost double that of Mir Hossein Mousavi , his nearest rival .
Following complaints , the powerful Guardian Council , which oversees the electoral process , said it had found some evidence of voting irregularities but the number had " no effect on the result of the elections " , it insisted .
An independent British analysis of the disputed election results has found irregularities in the reported turnout , as well as " implausible " swings in the vote in favour of Mr Ahmadinejad .
Analysts from St Andrew's University and the Chatham House think - tank said votes in favour of Mr Ahmadinejad in a third of the provinces would have required an " unlikely scenario " of voting patterns .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( CNN ) -- Jenna Nielsen was 22 years old , 8 ½ months pregnant and looking forward to bringing her third child into the world when her life came to a violent and abrupt end on June 14 , 2007 .
Jenna Nielsen was driving her newspaper route when she was stabbed to death two years ago .
She was working her new job on a newspaper delivery route she 'd taken to help her young family make ends meet .
That 's when police say she was stabbed to death in front of a convenience store in Raleigh , North Carolina -- a crime that has police and family members still looking for answers .
Marking the two - year anniversary of his wife 's death , with no arrests and no named suspects announced by police , Tim Nielsen can only shake his head when he ponders who may have targeted his wife .
" I believe she was just at the wrong place at the wrong time , " said Nielsen , who has returned to his native Utah , where his family helps him raise his two children -- Schyler , 5 , and Kaiden , 2 .
" My wife had no enemies . "
Watch an update »
Police say that two years ago last Sunday , Nielsen arrived at the AmeriKing Food Mart about 3:30 a.m. to deliver papers .
She 'd parked and just finished loading the newspaper vending machine when she was attacked on the way back to her car .
Nielsen was stabbed in the neck .
Two of her car doors were left open and her purse and car keys were still inside , police said .
Nancy Grace Nancy
Grace heats up the cold cases
8 & 10 p.m. , HLN see full schedule »
Authorities will not publicly speculate on a motive .
But Jenna 's family believes the attack may have been an attempted sexual assault and that Jenna fought back .
Investigators say they have received thousands of tips and interviewed hundreds of people , but they still do n't have a clear picture of a suspect .
Laura Hourigan , spokeswoman for the Raleigh Police Department , said investigators remain confident the case can be solved .
" This case is actively being investigated still , " she said .
" But we have a few missing pieces and hope for the public 's help . "
Early in their investigation , the police released a composite sketch obtained from two witnesses who saw the attacker fleeing the scene of the crime .
But they have since backed away from the image , saying it was misleading people .
They describe Nielsen 's attacker as a short , slightly built man in his late teens or early 20s with black hair pulled back into a long ponytail .
He was wearing a dark sleeveless shirt and baggy blue jeans shorts , according to witnesses .
Shortly after Nielsen 's death , a knife was found by a homeless man not far from the scene of the crime .
Police wo n't comment on whether the knife might be the murder weapon .
There has been other evidence collected .
" They found DNA , but I can't say more than that , " Tim Nielsen said .
Other members of Nielsen 's family quote police as saying they have DNA evidence from the killer , but have not been able to match it with anyone they 've interviewed over the years .
The family has stayed active in keeping Nielsen 's case in the public eye .
They 've held " Vigils Against Violence " the last Sunday of every month and maintain justice4jenna.org , a Web site devoted to her memory and to the effort to track down her killer .
" It 's hard to believe that it has been two years since someone selfishly stole you from our family , " reads the site 's home page .
" There is n't a day that goes by that you and Ethen [ the name planned for her unborn child ] are not in our thoughts .
" Schyler and Kaiden are growing so fast .
They look like you , act like you and laugh like you -- for that we are able to see you each and every day through them .
Schyler asks about you often and helps Kaiden remember Mommy . "
The family also have been advocates for the so - called Unborn Victims of Violence Act , state legislation that would create a fetal homicide law in North Carolina .
Currently , state law does not consider a killing a double homicide when an expectant mother is slain .
Jenna Nielsen 's father , Kevin Blaine , takes every chance he can to plead for help from the public
" Help find the people that did this to her , " he said .
" The person who did this is still out there . "
The family is offering a $ 15,000 reward for the arrest and conviction of the individual responsible for Nielsen 's murder .
Anyone with any information on this crime is asked to call the Raleigh Police Department at ( 919 ) 227-6220 .
All About Murder and Homicide • Nancy Grace
An eight - year old Saudi Arabian girl who was married off by her father to a man in his 50s has had the union annulled , it was reported yesterday .
The case , which had generated local and international outrage , ended with an out - of - court settlement .
The child , who has not been named , had been told by a court last December that she would not be allowed to divorce her husband until she reached puberty .
The settlement , brokered by a new judge in Unaizah , Qassim province , was reached only after lengthy negotiations between the girl 's lawyer and the husband .
The previous judge had ruled for the second time earlier this month that the marriage was legal .
The father is said to have married the child to a friend to pay a financial debt .
It had been stipulated , however , that the groom could not have sex with her until she reached puberty .
The settlement was reached with the help of the governor of Qassim , Prince Faisal bin Bandar , who convinced the husband to back down , said the newspaper al - Hayat .
The husband agreed to forgo his original demand for repayment of the $ 8,000 dowry he gave for the girl .
In many Saudi child marriages , girls are given away to older men in return for dowries , or following the custom by which a father promises his daughters and sons in marriage while still children .
But the issue is complicated by different interpretations of sharia law and a lack of legal certainty .
No figures are available for the number of arranged marriages involving pre-adolescents in the kingdom , where the strictly conservative Wahhabi version of Sunni Islam holds sway and polygamy is common .
But human rights groups say they are aware of many such cases .
The shura council , an unelected body that advises the government , is considering setting a minimum age of 18 for marriage .
The debate on this issue is seen as part of a wider struggle between advocates of cautious reform and the conservative religious establishment .
After many months of development , I 'm very pleased to announce the release of Sublime Text 1.2 .
This is the most significant upgrade of Sublime Text since the initial release , and it 's free for all registered users .
If you have n't purchased a license yet , you can download a fully functional evaluation version .
New features in version 1.2 include a revised user interface , a project system , and support for TextMate format snippets , many of which are installed by default .
In addition to this , it 's more customisable , has an enhanced Python API , and improved facilities for day to day text editing .
Selecting a file in the project
Changelog Highlights
New project system
Updated user interface look and feel
Support for TextMate format snippets
Resizeable panes and panels in the GUI
Distraction free editing mode
Quick panel , to select between open buffers , file in the current directory , or files in the project .
Visible whitespace
Overwrite mode
Load and save files in various european encodings
New preferences menu
Swap lines command
Improved auto complete
Improved bracket matching
Improved auto pairing of brackets and quotes
Improved bookmark support
Close buttons per-tab by default
Minimap and scrollbars may be disabled in full screen mode
Assign names to buffers
API : Exposed auto complete functionality
API : Exposed findAll
API : Exposed quick panel
API : Exposed the input panel
Download it now , and try it out !
WASHINGTON , May 30 ( UPI ) -- Federal debt last year amounted to a record $ 545,668 per U.S. household -- a 12 - percent spike in just one year , government sources said .
The increase burdens each household with an additional $ 55,000 in national debt for just 2008 , USA Today reported Saturday .
Advertisement
The increase can be pinned on the explosion of federal borrowing during the recession and an aging population that is driving up the costs of Medicare and Social Security .
" We have a huge implicit mortgage on every household in America — except , unlike a real mortgage , it 's not backed up by a house , " said David Walker , former U.S. comptroller general , the government 's chief auditor .
The federal government assumed $ 6.8 trillion in new debt last year , pushing its total debt to a record $ 63.8 trillion , USA Today reported .
The enormous burden has increased awareness of the government 's financial challenges , U.S. Rep. Jim Cooper , D - Tenn. , said .
" More and more , people are worried about our fiscal future , " Cooper said .
I 've just come out of an interesting debate with Alan Rusbridger , the editor of the Guardian , Adam Freeman , the director of the Guardian 's commercial department , and Dan Burgess from the communications company Naked .
We were meant to be discussing the role advertising can play in " building a more sustainable future " .
Of course , what we were really talking about was the extent to which newspapers should restrict the advertisements they carry .
You 'll be able to watch the debate here on the Guardian 's website when the paper 's sustainability review is published next month .
But in the meantime , here 's what I think .
I believe that advertising is a pox on the planet .
It is one of the forces driving us towards destruction , as it creates needs that did not exist before and promotes consumption way beyond sustainable levels .
I believe that it is also socially damaging , turning ours into a more grasping , more atomised society , focused on material display rather than solidarity and community action .
I also recognise that it pays my wages .
More precisely , that it provides around three - quarters of newspapers ' income .
Without it , they would not exist : certainly not in their current form , almost certainly not at all .
For all their evident faults , newspapers perform a crucial democratic service : without professional reporting , it is impossible to make informed decisions .
Were it not for an industry I detest , I could not be a full - time writer .
The Guardian would not be an independent newspaper ; the media , even more than it is today , would be a rich man 's toy .
Here , it seems to me , are our choices .
We could :
1. Keep receiving income from adverts , sustaining the power and wealth of the corporations that place them .
2 . Rely on the beneficence of rich men and women to sponsor the newspapers , boosting the power of the proprietorial class .
3 . Go to the state .
I find all three options repulsive .
Newspapers sponsored by billionaire proprietors ( you have to be a billionaire to sustain one ) tend to be governed by the demands of that class .
Owners interfere far more often and more systematically in the content of papers than advertisers .
Their newspapers routinely represent the needs and desires of billionaires as if they were the needs and desires of everyone else , presenting a distorted picture of the world .
State sponsorship is just as hazardous , as anyone who has lived in a country whose government owns the papers knows .
It 's not as if the government is offering , anyway .
In any case , it looks as if we are stuck with the advertising model .
The Guardian 's journalism costs much more than the price readers pay for the paper .
Online articles – like this one – cost you nothing at all .
They are , in effect , wholly sponsored by advertising .
If we changed that , how many of you would pay ?
But what are the costs of living off the dream merchants ?
I have never been asked by the Guardian to tone down my attacks on corporations , nor have I come across any evidence that advertisers can influence editorial decisions on this paper ( if anyone has any , I would like to see it ) .
During our discussion , Rusbridger explained that he never tries to interfere in the advertising department 's decisions , and that this department never tries to sway his decisions .
During the Guardian 's shocking series on tax avoidance , for example , it exposed some of its own biggest advertisers , as well as the agency ( WPP ) which places about half of its ads .
It has lived to tell the tale .
So this is not what worries me .
I am much more concerned about the false picture of the world conveyed by advertisements the newspapers carry .
They generate behavioural norms , telling us , in effect , that the goods and services which are destroying the biosphere are acceptable , even beneficial .
I believe that their presence in the newspapers makes hypocrites of all those of us who write for them .
Our editorials urge people to reduce their impacts .
Our advertisements urge people to increase them .
When I have challenged newspaper editors on this issue , they tend to say two things : first that the readers are mostly grown - ups and should be treated as such .
It is patronising and offensive to free speech to decide on their behalf which adverts they should and should n't see .
They should be allowed to make their own decisions .
Secondly , dropping advertisements would be economic suicide , especially in the current climate , when the recession has cut total spending at the same time as advertisers are leaving print in favour of the internet .
But advertising is not neutral copy .
Its purpose is to influence the way people think and act .
It has a clear editorial line : encouraging people to increase their consumption .
In all other parts of our newspapers , we retain editorial control .
The Guardian does n't allow Richard Desmond to write its leaders .
The Telegraph does n't hand over several pages a day to the Labour party .
When it comes to advertising we wash our hands of it .
We say it should be left to the market and we cannot seek to influence people 's opinions .
We allow companies to make biased , unchallenged statements of opinion – as long as they pay .
But even the claim that we should leave people to make their own decisions is inconsistent and hypocritical .
Where are the ads for pornography in these papers ?
Where are the ads using violent or sexually explicit images ?
People working for these newspapers decide which advertisements are acceptable and which are not .
The Guardian , for example , took a major economic hit when in 2003 it decided not to carry ads for adult chat lines .
We are making decisions on our readers ' behalf and deciding that there are certain points of view they should n't be exposed to , or certain activities in which they should n't be encouraged to engage .
The decision to accept advertising by companies causing environmental damage is not an entirely passive one .
We have decided that it should pass through the filters which screen out other kinds of ads .
On the second point , I am not calling on the newspapers to stop taking advertising .
I can't , because I have n't found an acceptable alternative .
I have never been in doubt , uncomfortable as I find it , that advertising pays for my work here , and for everything else that goes into the paper .
It 's an unpleasant but apparently inescapable fact of life .
What I am asking is for the newspapers to refine their view of which advertisements are and are not acceptable .
Specifically , I am calling on them in the first instance to drop ads for cars which produce more than 150g of CO2 / km , and to drop direct advertising for flights , on the grounds that both these products cause unequivocal and unnecessary harm to the environment .
During the debate , I asked Adam Freeman whether he could find out how much revenue would be lost if the Guardian accepted this proposal .
What do you think ?
Are there alternatives ?
Is there something I have missed ?
What policy should the Guardian and other newspapers adopt ?
www.monbiot.com
It ’s been thrilling to finally release Bespin to the world .
There ’s nothing quite like seeing feedback start pouring in via IRC , blog comments , Twitter , and email within minutes of pushing “ Post ” on the first announcement blog entry .
I ’m very grateful to everyone who has taken some time to engage with us in any of the various media out there .
We ’ve also seen some interesting community efforts at extending Bespin ; check out our blog post on the Labs website for details .
Culling through everything , it ’s clear that a few aspects of the project are controversial .
I ’d like to address one of them : our choice of canvas as the rendering engine for the editor .
Bespin and Canvas
Bespin takes advantage of a relatively new feature of browsers to power its text editor : the < canvas > element .
Canvas gives developers something the intriguing ability to render arbitrary two - dimensional graphics in a web page ; it ’s basically an < img > element you can draw into with JavaScript commands .
The API looks something like this :
// all drawing performed via the context var ctx = document.getElementById(" canvasId " ).getContext ( " 2d " ) ; ctx.fillStyle = " black " ; // accepts same values as CSS " background " property ctx.fillRect(0 , 0 , 50 , 50 ) ; // draws a black 50x50 rectange in the canvas
Canvas is available in the currently released versions of Safari , Opera , Firefox , and Chrome ; it has been a part of the HTML 5 draft specification for a long time .
It is not available in Internet Explorer .
Bespin builds on this API to recreate a text editor from scratch .
That ’s right ; rather than use the native facilities of every modern operating system that give you word processing features for free , Bespin rolls them from scratch , including such basic constructs as a blinking cursor and text selection .
One of the the features we did n’t have to re-implement is text rendering ; the HTML 5 specification includes an API to render text on a canvas .
Unfortunately , this portion of the canvas API has only been implemented by Firefox , though it ’s already in WebKit nightly builds ( and thus will very likely be in a future version of Safari ) and Chromium nightlies ( from which Chrome versions are derived ) .
We expect Opera will soon as well .
But Does It Scale ?
We were n’t actually sure this would work when we set out to do it .
You would n’t think a JavaScript interpreter in a browser could render enough frames on a large , modern 32 - bit image display to make the experience anything close to what you get effortlessly in Notepad on Windows XP running on 10 - year - old hardware .
To be sure , for some users , the performance does indeed suck–we ’re looking into exactly why ( it appears that certain video drivers cause performance problems on Linux ; Google Chrome ’s multi- process architecture appears to slow down performance on that browser ) .
The interesting thing is that for large classes of users , performance is really , really good .
There ’s a lot to say about topic ; we ’ll touch on that more in a future blog post .
Why ?
The first time we demoed Bespin to someone who understand these implementation details , the reaction was “ Wow , you ’re crazy ! ” followed by “ That ’s really cool . ”
Pretty much everyone else I ’ve spoken with has the same first reaction ( the crazy bit ) but the follow - up is not always positive ( ranging from the aforementioned to “ WTF ! ? ” ) .
Surely there ’s a higher - level abstraction we could have built on ?
Something above pixel painting ?
Well , let ’s get one thing out of the way first - up : there may very well be a more effective way to do what we ’ve done than with canvas .
I ’m not saying this is the best way to do it ; I just want to explain why we did it .
Control , Control , We Must Have Control
One of our goals with Bespin is to be able to ( at some point in the future ) deliver a fantastically compelling user experience for editing code on the Web .
We do n’t want Bespin to be the editor you use when you ca n’t get to your desktop ; we want it to be your editor of choice in any context .
It turns out that ’s a tall order .
Some users like word - wrapping ; some do n’t .
Some users actually like column selection modes while other ( more sane ) users like line - oriented selection ( I kid , I kid ) .
Developers are notoriously finicky with their tools–especially their code editor–and we did n’t want to re-educate the world on how our editor worked ; we want to make Bespin adaptable to as wide an audience as we could .
We felt that if we built Bespin on something like < textarea > or the “ content editable ” feature of HTML , we ’d have a built - in set of limitations over which we ’d have very little or no control .
The Alternatives
To build on the last paragraph , we considered three different alternatives to canvas :
textarea contentEditable “ line blocks ”
The “ control ” argument above is one reason we dismissed textarea and contentEditable ; further , we ’ve seen a large number of other web editor implementations based on these approaches and based on playing with those and by the many horror stories floating around the Web from their authors , we were concerned that we could n’t overcome performance and compatibility problems , especially when editing large files .
“ Line blocks ” are a different story .
What if we had a bunch of < div > elements stacked vertically and treated each one as a rendering surface for a line of text in the document being edited ?
We played with that approach a bit but could n’t get as much performance out of it as we could with canvas , especially for wide files ( > 80 columns ) .
Compatibility
We ’ve taken some flak for claiming that Bespin is based on “ Open Web technologies ” but only supporting Firefox and WebKit nightly .
Earlier in this post , I explained the state of canvas support in the browsers and how we ’re hopeful that our canvas approach will work in future versions of Chrome , Safari , and Opera .
However , we have a plan in case browsers do n’t implement the proper text rendering APIs : bitmap font rendering .
By pre-rendering fonts into images , we can then render the images on the canvas .
There are a number of proof - of - concept implementations floating around that demonstrate this concept ( though unlike some , we would n’t render the fonts as vectors–there ’s no way it would perform to our needs ) .
What about Internet Explorer ?
It ’s hard to say what the future of canvas support is for IE ; it certainly is n’t coming in IE8 .
However , there are a number of projects that emulate canvas by mapping it to VML ( an abandoned IE proprietary rendering technology ) , Flash , and Silverlight .
So far , none of these bridges offers adequate performance for us to seriously considering supporting it .
We ’re aware of promising developments in this area and we ’ll experiment with IE support as these technologies evolve .
Mobile Support : iPhone , Android , Fennec , and More
We ’re also very excited to get Bespin working on mobile devices with fully - featured browsers .
The iPhone ’s browser – ” mobile Safari ” –does support canvas , but does not yet have the text rendering APIs .
We may implement the aforementioned bitmap font rendering just to get on the iPhone .
We are also looking at other mobile platforms , such as Android , Fennec , Palm , and so forth .
How cool would it be to change your code and redeploy it from the beach ?
Obviously , it will take some interface changes for Bespin to be usable on a mobile device .
We have some ideas here and we look forward to working with the community on developing the concepts further .
What do you think ?
What do you think of our use of canvas in Bespin ’s editor ?
Note : I realized the morning after that I had omitted some of what I meant to include in this post ; I ’ve retroactively renamed this post “ Part 1 ” and added a “ Part 2 ” .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
An 88 - year - old man reputed to be a violent racist has opened fire in front of crowds of people inside Washington DC's Holocaust museum , killing a guard .
The gunman , named by local officials as James von Brunn , was himself shot by police officers .
He is said to be seriously ill in hospital .
American media reports say the man is a white supremacist who has served time in prison for violent offences .
US President Barack Obama said he was " shocked and saddened " by the incident .
" This outrageous act reminds us that we must remain vigilant against anti-Semitism and prejudice in all its forms , " he said in a statement .
The security guard who was killed was named as Stephen Tyrone Johns Israel 's embassy in Washington also condemned the attack .
The dead security guard was named as Stephen Tyrone Johns , who had worked at the museum for six years and " died in the line of duty " , the museum said .
Joseph Persichini , assistant director in charge of the Washington FBI field office , said the shooting was being investigated as a possible hate crime or a case of domestic terrorism .
Soon after the shooting federal agents were dispatched to von Brunn 's home in Annapolis , Maryland , to check his computer .
Metropolitan Police Chief Kathy Lanier said the gunman appeared to have acted alone .
She said he had been " engaged by security guards immediately after entering " the museum .
James von Brunn served time in prison for a 1981 gun incident Earlier , police Sergeant David Schlosser said the gunman had walked into the building carrying " a long gun " and opened fire on a guard .
" My understanding is that two other security officers at the museum returned gunfire at the man that had entered the museum , " he said .
A law enforcement official quoted by AP said von Brunn 's vehicle had been found near the museum and was being tested for explosives .
Von Brunn has long been tied to extremist groups and served a prison sentence for taking a sawn - off shotgun , revolver and knife into Washington 's Federal Reserve in 1981 , when the board was meeting .
He has a racist , anti-Semitic website and has written a book about the " destruction of the White Race " .
' Screaming and ducking '
The museum was crowded with schoolchildren and tourists at the time of the attack but all escaped injury .
Some 1.7 million people visit the museum each year
One eyewitness , 22 - year - old Angela Andelson , told AFP news agency she heard a loud bang " like someone had dropped something " .
She said she saw a man with " a long - looking kind of gun " .
" I just ran in to one of the exhibits to try to take cover , " she said .
" I heard the first one .
When I turned and looked there were maybe two to four more shots that I heard .
" People were screaming and ducking down getting on the floor , getting under benches . "
The museum normally has a heavy security presence with guards positioned both inside and outside .
All visitors are required to pass through metal detectors at the entrance and bags are screened .
Thirty million people have visited the museum , located on the National Mall , since it opened in 1993 .
The museum has been threatened by anti-Semitic extremists before .
Are you in the area ?
Have you been affected by this incident , or have you seen or heard anything ?
Send your comments or pictures using the form below .
Name :
Email address :
Town and Country :
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments :
The BBC may edit your comments and cannot guarantee that all emails will be published .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Washington Post , citing two sources , reports that Sen. John Ensign , a rising star in his party and a potential 2012 presidential candidate ... uh , until now .... plans to publicly acknowledge an extramarital affair with a woman of unknown ( to us ) identity , very shortly .
Ensign , a member of the Senate GOP leadership , flew back to his native Las Vegas today in anticipation of the public announcement , sources said , missing a vote considered key to the Nevada tourist industry .
Two senior GOP political strategists , speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss the sensitive matter , said the announcement was imminent .
They declined to say with whom Ensign had the affair .
Not much more to say on this subject , other than the usual public sphere / private sphere , JFK - Fifi-patriarchal - Clarence - Thomas - hearings - erase - distinction - Clinton - Lewinsky - Republican - moralizing - Larry - Craig - gay - people - David - Vitter talking points , which are kind of tiring .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Surveillance grid will be allied with “ smart ” technology to create a behemoth of big brother management of our behavior and consumption
Paul Joseph Watson & Kurt Nimmo
Prison Planet.com
Monday , June 1 , 2009
The Obama administration ’s new Cybersecurity system will only make the Internet more vulnerable to attack , while creating the framework for a massively upgraded government surveillance grid that will control and regulate every aspect of our daily lives through the implementation of “ smart ” technology .
Obama ’s announcement of the new cybersecurity grid dovetails with a recently introduced Senate bill , the Cybersecurity Act of 2009 , that would hand the president the power to shut down the entire Internet in the event of a “ cybersecurity ” crisis .
“ The bill ’s draft states that “ the president may order a cybersecurity emergency and order the limitation or shutdown of Internet traffic ” and would give the government ongoing access to “ all relevant data concerning ( critical infrastructure ) networks without regard to any provision of law , regulation , rule , or policy restricting such access , ” reports Raw Story .
The legislation would allow the government to tap into any digital aspect of every citizen ’s information without a warrant .
Banking , business and medical records would be wide open to inspection , as well as personal instant message and e mail communications .
This is President Bush ’s warrantless wiretapping program on steroids , yet the reaction from the liberal left has been muted to say the least .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Furthermore , the reasoning behind the proposal is a farce , since cybersecurity will make the Internet even more vulnerable to attack .
According to Jennifer Granick , director of civil liberties at the Electronic Frontier Foundation , the program would “ basically establish a path for the bad guys to skip down . ”
One of the bill ’s authors , Democratic Sen. Jay Rockefeller of West Virginia , admitted that the bill was about more than just military or intelligence concerns .
“ It is a lot more than that .
It suddenly gets into the realm of traffic lights and rail networks and water and electricity , ” said Rockefeller .
Essentially , this is the framework within which every aspect of our lives will be managed and regulated by a gargantuan government bureaucracy designed to control and shape every aspect of our behavior through our dependence on technology .
This is what Nancy Pelosi was referring to when she visited China last week and let slip the fact that “ Every aspect of our lives must be subject to inventory ” in order to fight global warming .
Under the cybersecurity grid , our electricity consumption , our water consumption and every other basic utility that we rely upon will be subject to state regulation .
This is already being introduced through “ smart ” technology , manifesting in such things as fridges that are controlled by power companies and not the individual .
If you are deemed to have bypassed government - approved levels of consumption , your fridge will be automatically turned off remotely .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
“ A domestic refrigerator that can be turned on and off by the electricity supplier without the homeowner being aware is to go on trial , ” reported the Daily Mail in January .
“ Npower will distribute 300 ‘ smart fridges ’ free to homeowners throughout Britain within the next five weeks as part of the energy companies ’ efforts to tackle climate change . ”
“ At times of high demand , the National Grid will activate the switches in the fridges to achieve a balance in the power supply .
The development means that , for the first time , consumers will lose control over the use of electricity in their own homes , ” stated the report .
All British homes are also set to have “ smart ” electricity and gas meters installed by law by 2020 .
The meters would “ record energy use ” according to a Reuters report .
Likewise , water companies are preparing to force homeowners to install water meters so that water consumption can be accurately recorded and restricted in times of drought .
This is just the beginning of the imposition of a suffocating prison planet whereby our every action will not only be recorded by big brother but also subject to government approval and control .
The Cybersecurity grid will also be an upgrade of the pervasive snoop network that has already been operating under NSA auspices for decades .
During a speech last week on “ cybersecurity , ” Obama told a whopper .
He said the government ’s effort to protect us from cyber bad guys “ will not include monitoring private sector networks or Internet traffic .
We will preserve and protect the personal privacy and civil liberties that we cherish as Americans . ”
Is it possible Obama has never heard of Mark Klein , the retired AT&T communications technician who said years ago that the company shunted all Internet traffic — including traffic from peering links connecting to other Internet backbone providers — to semantic traffic analyzers , installed in a secret room inside the AT&T central office on Folsom Street in San Francisco ?
There are similar rooms in Seattle , San Jose , Los Angeles and San Diego , all sucking up internet data .
Klein explained that the multinational corporation is doing this at the behest of the NSA .
It is “ vacuum - cleaner surveillance ” approach that grabs everything .
“ Despite what we are hearing , and considering the public track record of [ the Bush ] administration , I simply do not believe their claims that the NSA ’s spying program is really limited to foreign communications or is otherwise consistent with the NSA ’s charter or with FISA [ the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ] , ” said Klein in 2006 .
After the NSA showed up in 2002 at AT&T ’s Folsom Street facility , Klein began connecting the dots .
“ You might recall there was a big blowup in the news about the Total Information Awareness [ TIA ] program , led by Adm . [ John ]
Poindexter , which caused the big upsetness in Congress , because what Poindexter was proposing to do was draw in databases from everywhere — and this was in The New York Times — draw in Internet data , bank records , travel records , everything into one big conglomeration which could be searchable by the government so they could find out everything about what anybody ’s doing at any time of day , ” Klein told PBS .
“ And all this would be done without any warrants .
This is how it was presented by Poindexter himself in The New York Times , and that caused a great upset , brouhaha , in Congress . ”
On January 16 , 2003 , Senator Russ Feingold introduced legislation to suspend the activity of the Total Information Awareness program pending a Congressional review of privacy issues involved .
In February 2003 , Congress passed legislation suspending activities of the IAO ( Information Awareness Office ) pending a Congressional report of the office ’s activities .
Congress acted after William Safire published an article in the New York Times claiming “ [ TIA ] has been given a $ 200 million budget to create computer dossiers on 300 million Americans ” ( see You Are a Suspect , November 14 , 2002 ) .
Of course , the program did n’t go away .
Legislators included a classified annex to the Defense Appropriations
Act that preserved funding for TIA ’s component technologies , if they were transferred to other government agencies .
TIA projects continued to be funded under classified annexes to Defense and Intelligence appropriation bills .
“ Total Information Awareness — the all - seeing terrorist spotting algorithm - meets - the - mother - of - all - databases that was ostensibly de-funded by Congress in 2003 , never actually died , and was largely rebuilt in secret by the NSA , according to the Wall Street Journal ’s Siobhan Gorman , ” Ryan Singel wrote for Wired on March 10 , 2008 .
“ There ’s been no real debate in Congress or in the press about whether the government should be allowed to track every Americans phone calls , emails and web browsing . ”
Jon Stokes , writing for Ars Technica , notes that TIA technology is nothing new .
“ TIA - like efforts are still going on ” Stokes wrote in 2005 , and “ the government has been trying to use new technology , like database tech and voice recognition , for domestic surveillance for a long time .
And when I say a long time , I mean well before the current administration came into office . ”
It really got a boost under Clinton in 1995 when the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act ( CALEA ) was passed .
“ CALEA mandated that the telcos aid wiretapping by installing remote wiretap ports onto their digital switches so that the switch traffic would be available for snooping by law enforcement . ”
In other words , Mark Klein had but scratched the surface .
Truman created the NSA in 1952 , supposedly to serve as “ America ’s ears ” abroad , but the agency has long served as a secret Stasi - like organization dedicated to snooping on Americans .
The NSA , writes Siobhan Gorman for the Wall Street Journal , “ and other intelligence agencies were found to be using their spy tools to monitor Americans for political purposes . ”
The NSA ’s predecessor , the Armed Forces Security Agency , launched Project SHAMROCK in 1945 .
It obtained copies of all telegraphic information exiting or entering the United States with the full cooperation of RCA , ITT and Western Union .
A sister project known as Project MINARET involved the creation of “ watch lists , ” by each of the intelligence agencies and the FBI , of those accused of “ subversive ” domestic activities .
The watch lists included such notables as Martin Luther King , Malcolm X , Jane Fonda , Joan Baez and Dr. Benjamin Spock , according to Patrick S. Poole , writing for Nexus Magazine in 1999 .
The FBI , the NSA , and other intelligence agencies were actively involved in creating the watch lists .
NSA has attempted to keep up on technology as the secretive agency continues to snoop on “ subversives ” and others the government considers miscreants .
In February , trade publications reported the agency is offering “ billions ” to any firm able to offer reliable eavesdropping on Skype IM and voice traffic .
Skype is particularity troublesome because it utilizes P2P networks , that is to say peer - top - peer ( no central server owned and operated by a telecom required ) .
The government and the corporate media may tell you they want to crack down on P2P — for instance , the vastly popular BitTorrent — because of copyright infringement , but a more practical reason is because the government has yet to figure out how to crack the file sharing protocol .
Skype and BitTorrent account for a large amount of traffic on the internet .
If you think Obama will roll back the government ’s massive and unconstitutional snoop program , think again .
On April 3 , the Obama Department of Justice filed a motion to dismiss one of the Electronic Frontier Foundation ’s landmark lawsuits against illegal spying by the NSA .
The DOJ demanded that the entire lawsuit be dismissed based on both the Bush administration ’s claim that a “ state secrets ” privilege bars any lawsuits against the executive branch for illegal spying , as well as a novel “ sovereign immunity ” claim that the Patriot Act bars lawsuits of any kind for illegal government surveillance ( see the EFF press release , Obama Administration Embraces Bush Position on Warrantless Wiretapping and Secrecy ) .
In March , Obama ’s coordinator for cybersecurity programs , Rod Beckstrom , a former Silicon Valley entrepreneur , quit because he opposed the role of the NSA in the so - called cybersecurity initiative .
Beckstrom said “ the threats to our democratic processes are significant if all top level government network security and monitoring are handled by ” the NSA .
“ Obama ’s moves drew praise from key lawmakers on Capitol Hill , who vowed to work with the president to implement new security measures as needed , ” CQPolitics reported shortly after his “ cybersecurity ” speech .
“ Obama said his cybersecurity adviser — who will be a member of both the National Security Staff and the National Economic Council staff — will head a new office within the White House . ”
“ We applaud President Obama for highlighting the extraordinarily serious issue of cybersecurity , ” Sens. Johns D. Rockefeller IV , D - W.V. , and Olympia J. Snowe , R- Maine , said in a joint statement .
“ No other president in American history has elevated this issue to that level and we think him for his leadership . ”
No other president so far has had the power to shut down the internet .
The Rockefeller - Snowe bill , S 778 , would grant Obama dictatorial power declare a so - called “ cyber emergency ” and pull the plug , or at least cripple networks deemed a threat .
The U.S. government is not seriously worried about Chinese hackers or mischievous kids in Latvia ( as Rockefeller cited as a danger ) but rather fear free and unfettered speech and activism on the part of its own citizens .
Obama ’s promise is merely an effort to string you along with a big fat lie .
He has absolutely no respect for you or the Bill of Rights .
This article was posted : Monday , June 1 , 2009 at 9:22 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Well , yesterday was quite a day .
As many of you may know , the James Randi Educational Foundation has a standing offer of $ 1 million to anyone who can prove that they have psychic or mediumistic abilities .
A few months ago the JREF asked if Chris French ( Goldsmith University ) and I would carry out an initial test of a medium named Patricia Putt .
We went back and forth about the protocol , and eventually settled on an experimental design .
Basically , Patricia would carry out readings for 10 strangers , and then all of the participants would be presented with all 10 readings and have to select the one that best described them .
To cut down on possible sensory cues , the strangers were not allowed to interact with Patricia , and asked to wear a graduation gown and facial mask .
Chris and his wonderful team ( Panka Juhasz , James Munroe , Fabio Tartarini and Suzanne Barbieri ) put in a huge amount of time sorting out the logistics of the experiment and making sure that it all ran smoothly on the day .
Chris and Panka in particular worked especially hard on the project and so deserve the credit for makng it happen .
Patricia was a joy to work with , and carried out the readings as promised .
I sat in the room with Patricia as she wrote her readings and sent the occasional twitter update .
None of the participants were able to correctly identify their reading , and so the results do not support Patricia ’s claim .
However , to her credit , she took it on the chin and said that she felt that the test had been a fair examination of her abilities .
More info about it all on Randi ’s site here .
Oh well .
Any thoughts ?
Advertisements
On MSNBC ’s Morning Joe today , host Joe Scarborough attack Jon Stewart for claiming that MSNBC crew sold themselves out by being sponsored by Starbucks , and pimping their coffee during their show .
Scarborough said that Stewart is the angriest guy that he has ever met .
He compared Stewart to Bill O’Reilly .
Scarborough also claimed that Stewart has a Napoleonic complex .
Here is the video from Media Matters :
Scarborough said , “ You know some people have said it is a Napoleonic complex .
I remember the first time I met he we shook hands , and he seriously was like gaah …
You know what ’s so funny is I have been on a lot of these shows , you know I go on Bill Mahr , and I have done it for years , and everybody is pretty polite and great , Bill Mahr great , Colbert great all of them people who do n’t agree with me . ”
Advertisements
He continued , “ Jon Stewart , and it is do crazy that this is a comedian and a funny , funny , funny guy , but Jon Stewart of the hundreds and hundreds of shows I have been on is the angriest person I have ever met , and I can never square this up with the guy I watch on tv .
He ’s just very angry , and it is kind of disappointing …
It is kind of like Bill O’Reilly , seriously , sometimes I ’d talk to Bill before , and it ’s like dude you ’re on top of the world , you sell a million of books .
You ’ve got millions of people watching .
You ’re the king of the cable world , relax , smile , enjoy it .
It is the same thing with Jon Stewart . ”
What they are upset about over at MSNBC is Stewart ’s mocking of Morning Joe’s
Starbucks product placement .
Here is the video :
Stewart was right to nail MSNBC for a selling out what is supposed to be news program to product placement and corporate sponsorship .
The fact that Scarborough had to turn this into something personal about Stewart is very revealing .
The NBC family is still upset over the beat down Stewart put on Jim Cramer , so they decided to make this personal .
I what I would like to hear is the suits at MSNBC defend treating their morning show as a place for product placement .
How long is it until The News with Brian Williams brought to you by Bud Light ?
This is another overt step in process of transforming news into entertainment .
I know NBC is hurting , but did they really need to sell out MSNBC ’s morning show ?
As you ’re probably aware - there ai n’t such thing as ‘ too much memory ’ .
It does n’t matter how much there is , it ’s never enough .
Even if we fit , it still pays off to use the smallest structures possible , as they ’re more cache friendly .
The more we can squeeze them ( without wasting too much time for depacking of course ) - the better .
Recently , I ’ve been optimizing some X360 code and one of main problems ( as usually with consoles ) were related to cache - usage .
There were some often used structures , that could probably be at least laid out more efficiently .
At first , I ’d examine them manually , but it quickly became too mundane .
I thought of writing a simple tool that ’d dump basic info about used types for me .
I already had experience with using DIA SDK ( MemTracer and some of my other projects , that I hope to finish one day , including reflection system ) , so it seemed easy enough - I could extract all the information I needed from PDB ( MSVC only , but that ’s fine for my situation ) .
After few hours I had my initial C++ commandline application .
It worked nice , I could either display layout of specified type or make it list top X most ‘ wasteful ’ structures .
However , as soon as I finished , I thought it would be more comfortable to use if I could analyze all the structures , sort them by size / padding , see their details ( ’ that should teach me to think about usage cases before actually starting to code , but I ’m not sure if I ’m not beyond salvation already ) .
It ’s rather trivial to use DIA from C# ( actually , in many aspects it ’s way cleaner than C++ version ) , so version 0.2 was actually even easier to code .
Meet Cruncher # ( stupid name , I know , but Sizer and Crinkler were already taken ) .
It ’s very simple , but works very well for my ( limited ) purposes .
Source code is available , so feel free to hack until it works for you .
Known bugs / limitations :
it gets a little confused when encountering unions / bitfields ,
it only cares about UDTs ( User Defined Types ) .
there ’s no information about vtable , base classes , etc .
I also briefly considered coding analyzer that would generate optimal class layout to minimize padding .
In the end , did n’t decide to bother .
Without knowing access patterns in many cases it could do more harm than good ( splitting variables that are always accessed together for example ) .
Besides , the problem itself would n’t be trivial , so not the best bang - for - the - buck ratio .
Final source code and executable can be downloaded here .
After starting the application , simply load PDB file ( Ctrl+O ) .
It ’ll display all the UDTs in left panel and details of selected type in the right one , should be pretty self - explanatory , sample screenshot above ( it ’s from version 0.1 b , later I added possibility of filtering symbols , it follows standard C# filter syntax , so for example to see everything related to namespace rde , type ‘ rde : : ’ ) .
PS .
Freakin’ Norwegian is going to cancel Warsaw - Stockholm connection in August :/.
Was fun while it lasted ( 700SEK for both way ticket ?
Yes , please ) .
[ Edit ]
Uploaded new , fixed version , thanks to hcpizzi for reporting a bug ( see comments for details ) .
Arseny Kapoulkine 2009-09-15 18:37:14
Remembered about this once again through Twitter link :)
Got a msdia90.dll , registered it - now it works !
I wonder if there ’s an official way to do it ( except installing MSVS 2008 … ) .
admin 2009-09-08 21:27:18
Yes , that ’s DIA .
If I remember correctly I used msdia90.dll from latest Microsoft ’s Debugging SDK .
C# tends to act weirdly sometimes …
Arseny Kapoulkine 2009-09-08 05:20:33
I ca n’t get it to work for some reason .
Once I load a PDB file , it throws an exception :
System.Runtime.InteropServices.COMException ( 0x80040154 ) : Failure while getting COM class object factory for component with CLSID { 4C41678E-887B-4365-A09E-925D28DB33C2} because of the following error : 80040154 .
??
CruncherSharp.CruncherSharp.loadPDBToolStripMenuItem_Click( Object sender , EventArgs e ) ??
c:!projects\rde\tools\CruncherSharp\CruncherSharp.cs:?????????° 35
??
System .
Windows .Forms.ToolStripItem.RaiseEvent( Object key , EventArgs e )
??
System .Windows.Forms.ToolStripMenuItem.OnClick( EventArgs e )
??
System .
Windows .Forms.ToolStripItem.HandleClick( EventArgs e )
??
System .
Windows .Forms.ToolStripItem.HandleMouseUp(MouseEventArgs e )
??
System .Windows.Forms.ToolStripItem.FireEventInteractive( EventArgs e , ToolStripItemEventType met )
??
System .Windows.Forms.ToolStripItem.FireEvent( EventArgs e , ToolStripItemEventType met )
?? System.Windows.Forms.ToolStrip.OnMouseUp(MouseEventArgs mea )
?? System.Windows.Forms.ToolStripDropDown.OnMouseUp(MouseEventArgs mea )
??
System .Windows.Forms.Control.WmMouseUp( Message& m , MouseButtons button , Int32 clicks )
??
System.Windows.Forms.Control.WndProc( Message& m)
?? System.Windows.Forms.ScrollableControl.WndProc( Message& m )
??
System .Windows.Forms.ToolStrip.WndProc( Message& m)
??
System .Windows.Forms.ToolStripDropDown.WndProc( Message& m )
?? System.Windows.Forms.Control.ControlNativeWindow.OnMessage( Message& m)
??
System .Windows.Forms.Control.ControlNativeWindow.WndProc( Message& m)
??
System .Windows.Forms.NativeWindow.Callback( IntPtr hWnd , Int32 msg , IntPtr wparam , IntPtr lparam )
( error message was in Russian originally ) .
I ’ve looked up the error and it ’s REGDB_E_CLASSNOTREG ( Class not registered ) .
My PDB files are from MSVC2005 , can it be a problem ?
Also maybe I need some external dependencies , like , new DIA runtime or something ?
Arseny Kapoulkine 2009-09-08 05:27:51
Installing VC2008 redist did not help ; downloading and registering ( via regsvr 32 ) msdia80.dll did not help either .
Aras Pranckevicius
2009-06-27 11:20:55
Nice !
SuperBar and SuperFoo ( screenshot ) for the win :)
hcpizzi 2009-06-30 15:52:13
Hi !
I just tried it .
This can be very useful !
really nice tool indeed .
I just discovered a little bug , though .
If a class inherits from a zero sized base , you get an incorrect padding measure .
A sample :
class Base
{
} ;
class Derived : public Base
{
char m FirstMember [ 1024 ] ;
char secondMember ;
} ;
And the output ( slightly reformatted ) :
Symbol : Derived
Size : 1025
Total padding : 1023 Members mFirstMember 0 1024
Base : Base 0 1
**** Padding 1 1023
secondMember 1024 1
Seems like it gets confused by the base having the same offset as the first member .
Just changing CompareOffsets to sort by size if the offsets are equal seems to solve the problem .
private static int CompareOffsets ( SymbolInfo x , SymbolInfo y )
{
return ( x.m_offset == y.m_offset ) ? ( ( x.m_size == y.m_size ) ?
0 : ( x.m_size < y.m_size ) ?
- 1 : 1 ) :
( x.m_offset < y.m_offset ) ?
- 1 : 1 ;
}
Hope this helps !
admin 2009-06-30 21:47:28
Yes , that ’s my laziness biting me in the ass again .
The problem is that I sort all the members by offset .
It ’s only needed for base classes , because member variables are in the correct order in PDB already .
I thought it could be a problem when mixing both ( bases / members ) , but my quick tests did n’t confirm it .
Anyway , I fixed it and uploaded a new version , thanks for reporting ( it now makes sure base classes go before member variables ) .
[ … ] yet , occasionally , something slips through .
So it ’s nice that somebody wrote a tool – Cruncher # – to just load your PDB and examine all your structures for unnecessary [… ]
admin 2010-03-29 20:21:34
@Jumpster : that ’s exactly right ( = layout conclusions ) .
With classes is exactly the same ( the only difference in C++ is that class members are private by default , generated code is identical ) .
About the optimal structure suggestion – it ’s probably a good idea , but problem is not trivial ( variation of knapsack , basically ) , so it ’s something I postponed until I have more free time .
Jumpster 2010-03-19 23:55:04
It took me a bit to envision what you are saying , but I get it now : Using your example ;
struct one {
byte byte_1 ; // 3 - bytes padding
int int_1 ;
byte byte_2 ;
byte byte_3 ;
byte byte_4 ; // 1 - byte padding
} ; // sizeof ( ) = 12
struct two {
byte byte_1 ;
byte byte_2 ;
byte byte_3 ;
byte byte_4 ;
int int_1 ; //
No padding
} ; // sizeof ( ) = 8 -> 33 % savings …
I ’m glad I stumbled upon your site .
In all my years of programming , I never realized the inefficiencies caused by my data structures .
Just a question tho , although I could check this myself - but if you already know the answer … :)
Anyway , since classes and structs are essentially the same , then is it safe to assume class structures have the same types of inefficiencies ?
I tend to place class definitions ( methods / member vars /etc ) in what I feel is a logical point , I assume that classes should be looked at too ?
Anyway , thanks for the info .
That was something I did n’t know .
Regards ,
Jumpster
Jumpster 2010-03-20 00:11:12
Perhaps a future revision to Cruncher # may offer a suggestion of a new structure format that minimizes the padding requirements ?
Just a suggestion , pretty cool program !
Me likey ,
Jumpster
admin 2010-03-17 08:58:37
You understand it correctly .
That ’s why I do n’t advocate using # pragma pack ( 1 ) ( this would force 1 - byte alignment and eliminate padding , the ‘ easy ’ way ) .
Instead we want to minimize ‘ holes ’ caused by inefficient alignment .
For example , if there ’s a byte , followed by int , followed by 3 bytes , it ’d be more effective to rearrange it so that 4 1 - byte member go first , then goes integer .
In real world cases it ’s usually impossible to eliminate them completely , but I ’ve been able to reduce size of important structures by ~ 10 - 15 % just by shuffling variables around .
Jumpster 2010-03-17 02:30:33
I realize I ’m a bit late here , but I ’m a bit confused …
I understand the reason for saving memory ( ie : reduce memory padding to save resources ) but I was under the impression that aligning structures to a native size ( 4 - bytes on 32 - bit systems / 8 - bytes on 64 - bit systems ) improves efficiency due to the memory / cache access improvements ?
Am I misunderstanding something here ?
Regards ,
Jumpster
" At least I mailed the keys back , " he said .
Like Mr Ford , he said he had to put his wife and children 's interests first rather than trying to continue to fight to survive .
I magine a dairy cow so small that you can not see it .
Now imagine when you milk the cow you get oil , not that white stuff we drink .
Now imagine there are trillions of these oil - secreting cows and they replicate every 24 hours or less .
As strange as it might sound , a scientist from the University of Manitoba believes it is possible to genetically manipulate microbes called diatoms so they produce oil in the same way cows produce milk .
Such an approach , he contends , could lessen our dependence on fossil fuels .
Along with colleagues from the Indian Institute of Science in Bangalore , Dr. Richard Gordon argues in a new paper , titled " Milking Diatoms for Sustainable Energy , " that diatoms – a type of algae found in oceans and lakes – could even be engineered to secrete gasoline directly .
Before you laugh this off as mad cow talk , consider that diatoms are thought by many scientists to be a major source of the conventional oil we pump out of the ground today .
These microscopic single - celled creatures float in water and convert the sun 's energy into lipids , which can represent more than 60 per cent of a diatom 's dried body mass .
The best guess is that diatoms – sharing both animal and plant traits – likely emerged on this planet 185 million years ago .
They would grow , reproduce , die and then sink to the bottom of the sea floor , eventually accumulating as layers of kilometre - thick muck .
Intense heat and pressure over time concentrated the lipids and began the chemical reactions that produced oil , which pooled in underground reservoirs .
Then humanity came along and figured out a way to tap that oil and , for better or worse , use it to fuel development of the society we have today .
Gordon 's approach would , theoretically , do in days what nature did over millions of years .
To be clear , the idea of using algae as a source for biofuel production is not new .
In fact , there are dozens of companies out there trying to perfect the process , not just in designing " algae farms " but also turning the microbes into usable fuel for cars , trucks and airplanes .
The idea has appeal because algae grow rapidly , do not use up fertile farmland , and are not a food like corn or soybeans .
It is also estimated that the oil yield from algae per acre is up to 31 times larger than the next best biofuel crop , palm plants .
( We know now that the mad rush to establish palm plantations in Indonesia for biofuel production has been an ecological disaster . )
But Gordon and his scientist colleagues have a problem with the current algae - to - fuel approach , in that it relies on the harvesting of algae as they rapidly reproduce .
The harvested algae are then dried – that is , killed – and put through a series of production processes .
" We do not harvest milk from cows by grinding them up and extracting the milk , " write the scientists .
" Instead , we let them secrete the milk at their own pace , and selectively breed cattle and alter their environment to maximize the rate of milk secretion ...
Perhaps we could do the same with diatoms . "
They go on to propose a way to alter the cells of diatoms , through genetic manipulation , to " actively secrete their own oil droplets . "
These engineered diatoms could then be bred in a type of solar panel designed to optimize conditions for photosynthesis and oil production .
As the diatoms gain mass by converting solar energy into oil , they will reach a stage where they automatically secrete oil droplets .
Those droplets would then rise to the top , making the oil fairly simple to collect .
It would be " very similar to the cream that rises to the top of mammalian milk that has not been homogenized , " according to the study , published this month in the journal Industrial & Engineering Chemistry Research .
Surprisingly , Gordon and his colleagues are not the only scientists giving serious thought to this approach .
The U.S. energy department 's Ames Laboratory and Iowa - based nanotechnology company Catilin Inc. are working together on a three - year project that aims to absorb the oil from live algae using a material that acts like a nano - sponge .
Scientists in the Netherlands proposed in 2004 a similar method of milking algae in the journal Trends in Biotechnology .
We know we 've milked much of the cheap oil from the earth .
Perhaps the time will come when milking oil from diatoms is less expensive than ripping apart the planet to find more liquid fossil fuels .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Tyler Hamilton 's Clean Break column appears Mondays .
Email him at thamilton@thestar.ca
Danger of Extreme Violence — a “ Tehran Tiananmen ”
( 13 June 2009 ) The international community should not recognize the results of Iran ’s 12 June 2009 presidential election , which gives all signs of having been manipulated by government authorities to produce a massive victory for incumbent Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , according to the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran .
The Campaign further recommended that the existing results be voided and new elections held in order to establish legitimacy .
As the Campaign reported earlier , the leading challenger to Ahmadinejad , Mir Hossein Moussavi , was informed by Iran ’s Interior Ministry at 23:00 on 12 June that tabulated results showed him to be victor , and he was asked to wait on celebrations until Sunday .
A few hours later , the Ministry inexplicably reversed itself declaring a massive victory for Ahmadinejad .
Iran ’s religious Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , ignoring turmoil in the Ministry and rising protests , announced the victory and declared the process finished .
“ The international community cannot accept such questionable election results , and should withhold recognition of these elections , “ stated Hadi Ghaemi , spokesperson for the Campaign .
“ All must help the authorities understand that there will be no social peace in Iran and no credibility for the government abroad , without a re-run to discover which candidate actually deserves to govern , ” he said .
At this time , Iran has been thrown into an unprecedented crisis of legitimacy .
Thousands of Iranian citizens expressing their outrage , shock , and humiliation are facing the extreme danger of lethal violence at the hands of police and security forces in Tehran and throughout Iran .
“ The stage has been set for a Tehran Tiananmen , in which massive violence will be unleashed in an attempt to intimidate the citizens from pursuing their dream of democracy , ” Ghaemi said , referring to the 1989 massacre of many hundreds of Chinese pro-democracy demonstrators .
The Campaign called upon all of Iran ’s partners in the international community to strongly denounce not only the election process , but the government ’s violent attempts to quash legitimate protests .
The Campaign believes that a government can neither serve the Iranian people at home nor represent them abroad under the cloud of suspicion that exists at the present time .
Only new elections , conducted with transparency , accountability , and with independent observers can rectify the situation .
The international community must do its responsible part to bring about this solution by withholding recognition of the 12 June results .
General Motors will be split in two – one part containing assets and one saddled with liabilities – after filing for bankruptcy protection
What has happened today ?
At about 1 pm UK time , General Motors , until last year the world 's largest carmaker , filed for Chapter 11 protection in a New York court .
With $ 176.4bn ( £ 107bn ) of liabilities and $ 91bn of assets globally at the end of last year , it is the world 's largest industrial bankruptcy , and the world 's third largest to date , after Lehman Brothers and the telecoms firm WorldCom .
What will this mean for GM ?
The car manufacturer will in effect secure a standstill arrangement under the protection of the courts .
This gives it breathing space from creditors , allowing it to focus on restructuring .
How will GM restructure itself ?
GM has opted for a fast - track version of Chapter 11 protection .
The company will split itself into a " good company " , holding most of its assets and a " bad company " lumbered with most of its liabilities , such as loss - making plants .
As part of the plan , GM is offloading its European business , including Vauxhall in the UK , although it will retain a 35 % stake in the business .
How long will this take ?
US government officials think GM could re-merge after this process within about three months .
While US companies can spend months or years under Chapter 11 , GM wants to exit as quickly as possible .
Consumers are put off buying cars from a company that they think may be unable to supply parts in the future or may disappear altogether .
Who will own the new GM ?
The US treasury will provide another $ 30bn to the new company in return for about 60 % of its equity .
The Canadian government will get 12 % of shares in return for lending $ 9.5 bn .
The United Auto Workers union will take 17.5 % in shares and bondholders have written off $ 27bn of loans for an initial 10 % stake .
What will the ' new GM ' look like ?
It will be a much slimmed - down version .
About one - third of its 61,000 workforce in the US will lose their jobs by the end of 2010 , on top of thousands of cuts made in the last year .
More than 10 factories in the US will close and its dealership network will be halved .
The new company will focus more on making smaller , more fuel - efficient vehicles , and will offload or cease production of its Hummer , Saab , Pontiac and Saturn brands .
What does this mean for Vauxhall in the UK ?
Not a great deal .
Vauxhall used to be part of General Motors Europe .
Last week , it was formally transferred to Opel in Germany , which is itself now no longer under the full ownership of GM in the US .
The fate of the 5,500 Vauxhall workers now rest on the new owners of Opel / Vauxhall , the Canadian car parts firm Magna , which is backed by Russian investors .
[ This list of the most commonly looked - up words at NYTimes.com is from 2009 .
We ’ve since published the lists for 2010 and 2011 — do n’t forget to check those out too .
— Josh ]
If The New York Times ever strikes you as an abstruse glut of antediluvian perorations , if the newspaper ’s profligacy of neologisms and shibboleths ever set off apoplectic paroxysms in you , if it all seems a bit recondite , here ’s a reason to be sanguine :
The Times has great data on the words that send readers in search of a dictionary .
As you may know , highlighting a word or passage on the Times website calls up a question mark that users can click for a definition and other reference material .
( Though the feature was recently improved , it remains a mild annoyance for myself and many others who nervously click and highlight text on webpages . )
Anyway , it turns out the Times tracks usage of that feature , and yesterday , deputy news editor Philip Corbett , who oversees the Times style manual , offered reporters a fascinating glimpse into the 50 most frequently looked - up words on nytimes.com in 2009 .
We obtained the memo and accompanying chart , which offer a nice lesson in how news sites can improve their journalism by studying user behavior .
All of the 25 - cent words I used in the lede of this post are on the list .
The most confusing to readers , with 7,645 look - ups through May 26 , is sui generis , the Latin term roughly meaning “ unique ” that ’s frequently used in legal contexts .
The most ironic word is laconic ( # 4 ) , which means “ concise . ”
The most curious is louche ( # 3 ) , which means “ dubious ” or “ shady ” and , as Corbett observes in his memo , inexplicably found its way into the paper 27 times over 5 months .
( A Nexis search reveals that the word is all over the arts pages , and Maureen Dowd is a repeat offender . )
Corbett also notes that some words , like pandemic ( # 24 ) , appear on the list merely because they are used so often .
Along those lines , feckless ( # 17 ) and fecklessness ( # 50 ) appear to be the favorite confounding words of Times opinion writers .
The most looked - up word per instance of usage is saturnine ( # 5 ) , which Dowd wielded to describe Dick Cheney ’s policy on torture .
This is mostly just interesting — quiz : how many of these words can you define ? — but it ’s also a reminder that news sites are sitting on a wealth of data , from popular search terms to click rates , that can help them adjust to reader preferences .
So are Times scribes being asked to rein in their vocabularies ?
That might be a Sisyphean ( # 37 ) task , but no , Corbett merely advised reporters to “ avoid the temptation to display our erudition at the reader ’s expense . ”
After the jump , I ’ve taken the original chart of 50 words , which was compiled by director of web analytics James Robinson , and run my own spreadsheet that also calculates look - ups per use .
Below that , Corbett ’s memo .
For comparison , here are the 25 most - frequently looked - up words on Dictionary.com over a few recent months .
There ’s no overlap .
And here ’s the portion of Corbett ’s memo concerning the list :
IF you try on a sweater in a department store dressing room , but choose not to buy it , a persistent sales clerk wo n’t pursue you into the street yelling , “ Hey , are you sure ? ”
Nor will you receive a call at your home the next day to check again if you want to complete the purchase .
But in the online world , visitors to Web stores who touch the goods but leave without buying may be subjected instantaneously to “ remarketing , ” in the form of nagging e-mail messages or phone calls .
A new Web service , called Abandonment Tracker Pro , is in beta testing and scheduled for formal release next month .
Developed by SeeWhy in Andover , Mass. , the service will alert a subscribing Web store when a visitor places an item in a shopping cart or begins an application and does not complete the final step .
What distinguishes Abandonment Tracker Pro from other services is its enabling of remarketing “ in real time , ” See Why says .
WEST LAFAYETTE , Ind . - A Purdue University study shows that introducing a new hybrid of the American chestnut tree would not only bring back the all - but - extinct species , but also put a dent in the amount of carbon in the Earth 's atmosphere .
Douglass Jacobs , an associate professor of forestry and natural resources , found that American chestnuts grow much faster and larger than other hardwood species , allowing them to sequester more carbon than other trees over the same period .
And since American chestnut trees are more often used for high - quality hardwood products such as furniture , they hold the carbon longer than wood used for paper or other low - grade materials .
" Maintaining or increasing forest cover has been identified as an important way to slow climate change , " said Jacobs , whose paper was published in the June issue of the journal Forest Ecology and Management .
" The American chestnut is an incredibly fast - growing tree .
Generally the faster a tree grows , the more carbon it is able to sequester .
And when these trees are harvested and processed , the carbon can be stored in the hardwood products for decades , maybe longer . "
At the beginning of the last century , the chestnut blight , caused by a fungus , rapidly spread throughout the American chestnut 's natural range , which extended from southern New England and New York southwest to Alabama .
About 50 years ago , the species was nearly gone .
New efforts to hybridize remaining American chestnuts with blight - resistant Chinese chestnuts have resulted in a species that is about 94 percent American chestnut with the protection found in the Chinese species .
Jacobs said those new trees could be ready to plant in the next decade , either in existing forests or former agricultural fields that are being returned to forested land .
" We 're really quite close to having a blight - resistant hybrid that can be reintroduced into eastern forests , " Jacobs said .
" But because American chestnut has been absent from our forests for so long now , we really do n't know much about the species at all . "
Jacobs studied four sites in southwestern Wisconsin that were unaffected by the blight because they are so far from the tree 's natural range .
He compared the American chestnut directly against black walnut and northern red oak at several different ages , and also cross-referenced his results to other studies using quaking aspen , red pine and white pine in the same region .
In each case the American chestnut grew faster , having as much as three times more aboveground biomass than other species at the same point of development .
American chestnut also sequestered more carbon than all the others .
The only exception was black walnut on one site , but the American chestnut absorbed more carbon on the other study sites .
" Each tree has about the same percentage of its biomass made up of carbon , but the fact that the American chestnut grows faster and larger means it stores more carbon in a shorter amount of time , " Jacobs said .
Jacobs said trees absorb about one - sixth of the carbon emitted globally each year .
Increasing the amount that can be absorbed annually could make a considerable difference in slowing climate change , he said .
" This is not the only answer , " Jacobs said .
" We need to rely less on fossil fuels and develop alternate forms of energy , but increasing the number of American chestnuts , which store more carbon , can help slow the release of carbon into the atmosphere . "
Carbon dioxide is considered a major greenhouse gas , responsible for rising global temperatures .
Jacobs said that since this study looked at aboveground carbon sequestration , future studies would seek to understand more about how forests that contain American chestnuts store carbon below the ground .
The Stry Foundation , Electric Power Research Institute , and Hardwood Tree Improvement and Regeneration Center funded the research .
###
PHOTO CAPTION :
Douglass Jacobs examines a young hybrid of the American chestnut .
He expects the trees could be reintroduced in the next decade .
( Purdue University file photo / Nicole Jacobs )
A publication quality photo is available at http://news. uns. purdue .
edu/ images / +2009 / jacobs - chestnut .
jpg
“ We ’re very clear that the vote on Monday electing yours truly as president pro tempore , electing Senator Skelos majority leader , should hold and will hold , ” Mr. Espada said Monday evening .
Adding to the confusion , Democrats chose Senator Sampson as the leader of their caucus , a move that was a concession to Mr. Monserrate , who had insisted on the ouster of Malcolm A. Smith as majority leader .
But because they no longer had the 32 votes needed to install Mr. Sampson as president of the Senate and majority leader , Democrats named Mr. Sampson “ caucus leader ” and left Mr. Smith as their titular leader .
“ Clearly , after what happened last week , we have to make some adjustments in how we operate , ” Mr. Smith said during the news conference held by Senate Democrats .
“ You can look at John Sampson as C.E.O. , ” he added , saying that Mr. Sampson would run the caucus ’s “ day - to - day business . ”
Pressed for details of the arrangement , Mr. Smith said , “ It is what it is . ”
It remained unclear when the Senate would return to work and take up key issues that await them , including mayoral control of New York City ’s schools and same - sex marriage .
Even if senators came back , it could be difficult to get much done .
The lieutenant governor breaks ties in the Senate , but that office was left vacant when Mr. Paterson ascended to the governorship last year amid Eliot Spitzer ’s prostitution scandal .
At the Democrats ’ news conference , Mr. Smith looked on impassively as Mr. Monserrate saluted his “ good friend John Sampson ” and hailed the leadership change .
“ I also want to send a message to the voters in my district , and the borough of Queens and downstate , in the neighborhoods that I grew up in throughout the city , ” Mr. Monserrate said .
“ The voters in my district sent this ex-Marine , this ex-beat cop , to come up here and shake things up , and I ’m not walking away from that . ”
The Oregon House and Senate have both approved a measure that would establish two marine reserves and begin the process of evaluating four other potential reserves .
HB - 3013A received overwhelming support by the state ’s legislature passing the House unanimously and the Senate by a vote of 24 - 3 .
Now the marine reserves ’ fate lies in the hands of Governor Ted Kulongoski . Â
The two pilot marine reserves established by HB - 3013A are at Redfish Rocks by Port Orford and Otter Rock near Depoe Bay .
Â
Research will be the focus of the two reserves , and there will be no fishing or mining within the boundaries .
Â HB - 3013A is supported by a groups with diverse interests such as fisherman , conservationists , and coastal communities .
Â Senator Betsy Johnson ( D - Scappoose ) explains :
This bill represents a pivotal turning point in the long and sometimes divisive debate over marine reserves .
Â
We now have the opportunity to move forward with a process that embodies transparency , community involvement , and good science .
Nick Furman , Executive Director of the Dungeness Crab Commission agrees :
Oregonâ€™s marine reserve debate has been long and often contentious .
The collaborative effort exemplified in HB - 3013A should be the model for future dialogue if we want the outcomes to truly represent the best interests of the many stakeholders involved .
Â
We look forward to working with the stateâ€™s fisheries managers as they take on the tasks outlined for them in this piece of legislation and , as responsible stewards of our territorial seas , offer our support as this process moves forward .
The new marine reserve system will be funded by damages from the shipwrecked New Carissa .
Â
It is hoped the new marine reserves , if approved by the governor , would help restore the fish population .
Â
It is expected Governor Kulongoski will sign this historic law , even though “ the reserve system included in House Bill 3013A is smaller than originally proposed by Kulongoski ” .
Â
The proposed marine reserves represent less than one percent of Oregon ’s coastline .
« previous post | next post »
Ever since Michael Jackson 's unexpected death yesterday , his music has been omnipresent .
The iTunes sales charts are overwhelmed by Michael Jackson songs : as of this afternoon , New York Magazine 's Vulture blog reports , Jackson appears on 41 songs in the iTunes Top 100 singles chart .
One of the top songs is " Wanna Be Startin ' Somethin ' , " the infectious opening song from the 1982 album Thriller .
The lyrics can be a bit befuddling ( " You 're a vegetable , you 're a vegetable … " ) , but there 's no denying the song 's catchiness , especially the chant at the end : " Ma ma se , ma ma sa , ma ma coo sa . "
The story behind these seemingly nonsensical syllables is a fascinating one , originating in the Cameroonian language Duala .
Duala is spoken in Douala , Cameroon 's largest city , which has long been a musical hotbed .
Since the 1960s , Cameroonian pop music has been dominated by a rhythmic style of dance music from Douala known as makossa .
The Duala word makossa is often glossed as " ( I ) dance " ( as in this article by Cameroonian linguist George Echu ) .
The entry for makossa in the Oxford English Dictionary further explains that makossa is " derivative of kosa ' to peel or remove the skin of ( a fruit or vegetable ) ' ; the name refers to the twisting and shaking movements of the dancer . "
Makossa hit the big time in 1973 , when Manu Dibango 's " Soul Makossa " became an international hit .
The song 's origins were hardly auspicious : Dibango originally wrote the song as the B - side to " Mouvement Ewondo , " a praise song or " hymn " for the Cameroonian football team on the occasion of the 1972 Tropics Cup , held in Cameroon 's capital Yaoundé .
Here is how Dibango describes coming up with the song in his autobiography , Three Kilos of Coffee :
On one side of the 45 I recorded the hymn ; on the other I recorded " Soul Makossa , " written using a traditional makossa rhythm with a little soul thrown in .
In my Douala neighborhood , at my parents ' house , I rehearsed this second piece .
The house had no air - conditioning , and the windows were wide open .
All the kids flocked around .
Hearing me rehearse , they fell over laughing .
Unbelievable — how on earth had I concocted that mishmash ?
Poor makossa really took a blow .
My father was astonished : " Ca n't you pronounce ' makossa ' like everyone else ?
You stutter : ' mamako mamasa . '
You think they 're going to accept that in Yaoundé ? "
The Cup organizing committee reacted the same way .
The march on side one they found " impeccable . "
But the other side …
" Really , Manu has gone nuts .
What possesses him to stutter like that ? "
" Mouvement Ewondo " was a flop , but " Soul Makossa " found its way to New York , where it turned into an underground hit .
After heavy rotation on New York 's popular black radio station WBLS , the obscure Cameroonian single became a hot commodity .
Since the original single was so hard to find , numerous cover versions filled the void ( such as this one from the Lafayette Afro Rock Band ) .
The acts covering Dibango 's song all imitated his stuttering syllables that playfully mangled the word makossa .
The song is credited with helping to kickstart New York 's nascent disco scene , and both the original and the countless cover versions traveled far and wide .
It clearly had an effect on young Michael Jackson as he was writing the songs for Thriller , since the breakdown at the end of " Wanna Be Startin ' Somethin ' " incorporates a variation of Dibango 's refrain , deleting a syllable and altering two others :
Dibango : ma ma ko , ma ma sa , ma ko ma ko sa
Jackson : ma ma se , ma ma sa , ma ma ku sa
Jackson apparently claimed his version was Swahili , but he eventually acknowledged his debt to Dibango and worked out a compensation arrangement in an out - of - court settlement .
In 2007 , when R&B singer Rihanna released the song " Do n't Stop The Music " sampling the line from " Wanna Be Startin ' Somethin ' , " Rihanna got Jackson 's permission but not Dibango's .
In response , Dibango sued both Rihanna and Jackson earlier this year , seeking 500,000 euros in damages .
I 'll leave you with " Soul Makossa , " " Wanna Be Startin ' Somethin , " and " Do n't Stop The Music " :
Permalink
By John McManus
BBC News
Groups who say they face discrimination within their religions because of their ranking in society are gathering for a conference in London on the theme of " untouchability " .
But is the caste system still used as means of excluding people within some religious groups in Britain ?
Caste consciousness is a feature of life for many Hindus and Sikhs The first world conference on " untouchability " aims to draw together the experiences of people from as far afield as Nigeria , Britain , and Japan .
Such " untouchability " or social exclusion , based on membership of certain groups , is a continuing problem for sections of the population worldwide , say the conference organisers .
One of the most well - known forms is the caste system which is practised in the Indian sub - continent , but activists claim similar ways of organising people into higher and lower groups in society can be found throughout the world .
Is caste an issue in the UK ?
They say that up to 250 million people are affected by the issue , and children of immigrants who settle in different parts of the world are not immune .
Reena Jaisiah is a 29 - year - old teacher and arts director from Coventry .
She was raised by parents from a Punjabi background who were not particularly religious , but were from the Dalit community , a group of people who are considered to be ritually unclean by Hindus .
Dalit discrimination
In India , Dalits are often forced to take the worst kinds of jobs , and can live their lives in poverty because of a system that gives religious sanction to discrimination .
Reena 's parents rejected the caste system , but did not tell her about her background - which led to questions from schoolmates and ultimately , bullying when they discovered that she was a Dalit .
She still refuses to take the change from my hand when I serve her
Reena Jaisiah
Read your comments " People with a strong religious feeling always want to know what caste you are " , she says .
" My parents encouraged me to conceal my background , but I felt inferior to children from other castes . "
Reena also encountered prejudice while at university and says she can still see the caste system at work today amongst Hindu schoolchildren , with pupils exhibiting a form of " caste consciousness " by treating others according to their perceived place in society .
The caste system explained The Indian government made caste discrimination unlawful in 1976 , though it is still practised in some areas .
So why is the problem continuing , and will any Indian reform affect British communities ?
Babu Gogineni is from the International Humanist and Ethical Association , one of the conference organisers .
He believes that political reform in India will not solve caste prejudice .
Reena Jaisiah has been questioned about her caste throughout her life " There are Dalit politicians in India , but nothing has changed .
The answer is to educate Dalits and empower them . "
Mr Gogineni says that Dalits also discriminate amongst themselves ; that there is in effect , a hierarchy even amongst the untouchables .
The National Secular Society however , does think that legislation can be used to tackle the problem in the UK .
The society 's Keith Porteous - Wood wants the government to include a clause in the Equality Bill which is currently going through parliament , which would be enacted if subsequent research indicated that discrimination was apparent .
But the Hindu Forum of Britain says caste does not exist in the UK .
They maintain that the only remnant of the system is a tendency for like - minded people to seek each other out for social or marriage purposes .
Reena Jaisiah , however , is in no doubt that her Dalit origins still cast a shadow over her life .
" I own a shop in Coventry and there is one customer - who is from the higher Brahmin caste - who keeps asking me what caste I am .
" She still refuses to take the change from my hand when I serve her . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Paul Blackburn spent 25 years in jail for a crime he did n't commit .
Now at 45 he 's still getting to grips with a world he last experienced as a teenager
Four years after his conviction was quashed , six years after he was released from prison on licence and a full 31 years since he was first arrested for a brutal crime which it is now abundantly clear he did not commit , Paul Blackburn has barely even begun to impose some sort of order on his life .
" It 's only been a few months now since I 've had my own house .
Before that I just flitted from place to place to place , " says Blackburn , now a lean , crop - haired 45 - year - old with greying stubble .
" I 've lived on sofas on floors , lived on the streets , lived in tents .
Anything , anywhere , just not to stand still .
" I could n't stand still .
I was too afraid .
Too afraid of what might happen if I stood still as I thought I would end up killing myself .
That was the biggest worry when I got out of prison , that there would be nobody left to fight , and I 'd just commit suicide , that it was the fight which was keeping me going .
" I still have nightmares .
I wake up and there 's a person - sized pool of sweat on the bedsheets . "
Blackburn was just 15 when , in 1978 , he was jailed for life for the attempted murder and sexual assault of a younger boy .
That he served a quarter of a century in jail – or rather being shuttled between 18 different jails – was due to his refusal to acknowledge any guilt .
He similarly declined the protection commonly given to sexual offenders , and so endured regular beatings .
In March 2003 , two years before the appeal court formally reversed his conviction , in the process labelling the two Cheshire police officers who led the case as perjurers , Blackburn was permitted to leave prison .
He was offered almost no support on how to re-enter a complex , baffling world he had last experienced as a teenager .
" I 'd been locked up since I was 15 years old .
I 'm now getting out at the age of 40 .
Never mind the movie , I was a 40 - year - old virgin .
It was scary shit for me .
And there was nobody there to help me .
My probation officer was decent in her way but she was embarrassed to speak to me about some things . "
Self - educated , charismatic and fiercely articulate , Blackburn has forged something of a post - prison role addressing academics and professional conferences about his experiences , and what can be learned from them .
But any initial impression of composed self - assuredness is deeply misleading .
Beset since he left jail by intermittent drug and alcohol abuse , an inability to form lasting relationships and what he calls " a serious , serious problem " of contemplating suicide , Blackburn 's ordeal moulded him into a mass of contradictions .
Inured by years of prison confrontation against any concern for his physical safety – " I can be in whatever nasty area of London at 4 am surrounded by drug addicts , crackheads and robbers , it holds no fear for me .
I 've just been living with them all for 25 years " – he finds visiting supermarkets utterly terrifying .
" It was a big Asda , I turned round and walked out again .
It 's all just too much for me .
Too much information , too much choice , too much going on . "
Similarly , while he is easy company , utterly open in discussing the emotional , even sexual , impact of his time in jail with someone he has met only a couple of hours before , Blackburn remains fundamentally a loner , whose friends and girlfriends are wearily used to waking up to find he has departed and is now hundreds of miles away , having driven restlessly through the night .
" For 25 years I pretty much lived totally within my own head , " he says .
" My emotions have been cut off completely pretty much my whole life .
To open up to another person and be open – I did n't know how to do it . "
This mental disquiet is not helped by the fact that , notwithstanding the appeal court ruling in May 2005 , there has been almost no official acknowledgement of the injustice he suffered .
He still awaits any significant sum in compensation , while neither the Home Office , which as late as 1996 refused him leave to appeal , nor Cheshire police have expressed regret .
" There has never been anything official , and there never , ever will be , " Blackburn says .
" So far we 've had one letter back from the [ Cheshire police ] which basically says : ' Tough shit , fuck off .
We 're admitting nothing and we never will . ' "
Such conduct is particularly galling given that the evidence which sent Blackburn to jail for his entire adolescence and young adulthood appears , in retrospect , so pitifully thin .
What has never been in dispute is that a terrible crime took place on 25 June 1978 .
A nine - year - old boy , fishing on waste ground by a canal in Warrington , Cheshire , was snatched by a knife - wielding teenager and led to a disused sewage works .
There , he was sexually assaulted , beaten , stabbed and left for dead under a wooden board weighed down with bricks .
He was found 28 hours later only after neighbours carrying out a last , frantic search heard muffled cries .
Police were under enormous pressure to find the culprit , and their attention was drawn to Blackburn for two reasons .
Firstly , as he freely admits , he was a " screwed - up young kid " from a violent , neglectful background , who was attending a reform school in nearby Newton - le - Willows after convictions for burglary and arson .
Also , on the weekend in question Blackburn was on home leave , staying only a few hundred metres from where the attack took place .
But aside from a few circumstantial details – for example two haircuts in quick succession which , prosecutors argued , were intended to disguise a resemblance to newspaper descriptions of the assailant – the entire case against Blackburn rested on a confession he hand - wrote on 21 July , after more than four hours of interrogation by two Cheshire detectives .
" It was real good cop , bad cop stuff .
All very obvious , but when you 're a kid it 's terrifying , " Blackburn says .
This was the fourth time he had been questioned over the case .
The only other person in the room was a warden from the reform school .
No lawyer was present , and Blackburn was never told he was entitled to one .
After finally breaking down under and " saying things I knew that they 'd want to hear " , Blackburn wrote a statement which was , he says , effectively dictated to him by the detectives .
" They even helped me spell the words I did n't know .
My writing was quite basic at the time . "
It later emerged that earlier in the investigation , Blackburn 's older brother and two other initial suspects had provided police with confessions , all of which were , like his , swiftly retracted .
At his trial the officers insisted the confession was freely offered and in Blackburn 's own words .
The police " did not tell the truth " , the three appeal judges concluded starkly in 2005 , noting expert testimony which questioned how a poorly educated 15 - year - old could have drafted a document littered with technical terms , all of them spelled correctly .
Glyn Maddocks , the solicitor who guided Blackburn 's appeal , says he had never previously seen a more " absolutely black and white case " , and is aghast no retrospective action was taken against the Cheshire detectives .
" They lied in court , and they should therefore have been prosecuted .
If they did it in that case , did they do it in other cases ? " he says .
Blackburn could have been released from jail more than a decade earlier , Maddocks adds , when DNA testing came into use .
However , almost all the physical evidence from the police investigation had been lost and there was insufficient DNA remaining for a proper comparison .
If there is one remotely hopeful message to be taken from the case , it is simply the fact that Blackburn is , however chaotically at times , still here , despite years of " prison officers telling me I was going to die in jail , and me believing them " .
His demise , he recalls , could have come either at his own hand or through the actions of a fellow prisoner .
" The day I walked into prison I become something different .
You 're not even a normal prisoner .
I 'm in prison for the attempted murder and sexual assault of a young child .
I 'm a nonce .
You 're a beast and an animal , and you 're treated as such . "
Abandoned by his family , Blackburn says he was " completely and utterly lost within the prison system for nigh on 15 years " , with a great deal of this time spent causing as much disruption as possible .
His eventual survival came from a combination of two factors : first , a creeping realisation that " no matter what happened , no matter what they said and no matter what they did , they 'd already lost … Because I did n't do it . "
He additionally credits the assistance of older , more educated prisoners , who both believed in his innocence and led him towards books .
" I suppose in the end , words were my salvation , because I found I could actually speak , I could actually write , I could actually put my thoughts down on paper .
And I did : I wrote and wrote and wrote and wrote and wrote .
" Just fighting the prison system tooth and nail , nose to nose , is fine , it 's great , but they can deal with that all day long .
What they can't deal with is people fucking thinking .
People who can organise .
That scares the fucking life out of them .
" And that 's essentially what I ended up doing .
I started thinking and learning for myself , finding out that I was n't this fucked - up little scumbag that they thought I was .
I was actually quite a nice guy .
And I was n't that stupid either .
I found out I could think for myself , I could do things for myself .
Essentially , I did start doing that .
I started fighting them on their own level . "
Despite having lived in the same part of Cornwall for much of his post - prison life , Blackburn has only just acquired his first possession too big to be stuffed into one of the three rucksacks he keeps ready for a quick move .
This new exception , a television set , feels like " a millstone around my neck " , he complains .
There is also Bonnie , a young collie pup chewing contentedly on a toy at his feet .
" I 've never been responsible for anything in my life , " Blackburn says , almost proudly .
MobMov.org
The drive - in - movie theater celebrated its 75th anniversary last year .
As the story goes , Richard Hollingshead Jr. experimented with the format in 1933 by showing movies in his driveway in Riverton , N.J .
He hung a bed sheet between two trees and placed a Kodak film projector on the roof of his car .
After a rise in popularity through the 1950s , interest in the drive - in theater steadily waned ( there are n’t any left in the New York metropolitan area ) .
But over the last few years a new style of drive - in has cropped up , aided in part by the increased use ( and the drop in price ) of digital projectors , and it ’s not too different from Hollingshead ’s early experiments .
They ’re called “ guerilla drive - ins , ” or mobile movies , because there is no permanent theater .
Organizers screen the movies on warehouse walls and in parking lots .
And screenings do n’t usually take place in the same location twice .
Viewers sign up for a service that e-mails them with the time and location a few days ahead of each screening .
The movies are generally free , and organizers accept donations to fund the few hundred dollars it takes to secure the location and projector .
MobMov.org
Bryan Kennedy , 28 , an iPhone developer in San Francisco , runs MobMov.org a site that lists more than 240 guerrilla drive - in chapters around the world .
He started MobMov in 2005 while a student at University of California , Berkeley .
Using a digital projector he had just bought for his home and an inexpensive FM transmitter to send the sound to a car ’s stereo , he showed “ The Graduate ” with no ambitions of grandeur .
“ It was very organic , ” he said .
“ There were three cars at the first show .
Then some people said I should come up with a name and a Web site .
And then random people started calling me about the next screening . ”
Eric Kurland was one of those random people .
“ He lived in L.A. and asked if I was set up to do chapters in different cities , ” Mr. Kennedy said .
All of a sudden , the Hollywood chapter of MobMov was born .
Today , Mr. Kennedy ’s site includes a tutorial on how enterprising people can start their own MobMov : how to set up an outdoor theater , what to look for in a digital projector , how to hook up a projector to a car , where to buy an FM transmitter , legal issues and more .
The roots of the guerrilla drive - in movement has been traced to Santa Cruz , Calif. , where Wes Modes started a collective to screen outdoor movies around 2001 .
A Times story from 2004 described a very renegade process with primitive equipment and little regard for the law .
In those early days , the Santa Cruz Guerrilla Drive - In trespassed on property — looking out for police — and did not secure rights to show the movies .
“ It was definitely an inspiration , ” Mr. Kennedy said .
“ It was the name — guerrilla drive - in — that really inspired this . ”
Mr. Kennedy went to one of the Santa Cruz Guerrilla Drive - Ins before starting MobMov .
“ It ’s really cool .
You know you sit on the grass and watch a movie outdoors , ” he said .
He also explained that what he wanted to create was a more authentic drive - in experience ( i.e. , watching movies from inside a car ) , though he had never been to one himself .
“ Drive -ins are interesting because it ’s a customizable experience , ” he explained .
“ You can bring your kid , who may spend the entire time crying in the back seat , but that ’s fine — you roll up your window .
Or you can roll down your windows and interact with the other people .
It ’s up to you . ”
Every MobMov screening has an intermission , during which audience members can interact , which Mr. Kennedy says is his favorite part of MobMov .
Last weekend , MobMov showed collection of short films from local filmmakers .
It was projected against the wall of a hangar on a decommissioned military base on San Francisco ’s Treasure Island to an audience of around 50 cars , Mr. Kennedy said .
This Saturday , he plans to show “ The Sting , ” the 1973 classic with Paul Newman and Robert Redford .
Mr. Kennedy said he expected to show a movie every other week — workload permitting — and has upgraded his equipment considerably since that first screening in 2005 .
But he still does n’t charge a fee .
He has tried to come up with a business plan to monetize the growth of the MobMov movement , but he said he has n’t figured out a way to accommodate profits with the good - natured vibe of the experience .
“ Nothing seems to fit , ” he said .
At least it does n’t cost much to put on .
“ My biggest expenses are the movie - licensing fees , ” he said .
“ And I rent a car to run the projector .
I live in the city so I do n’t have a car . ”
Luxury goods are needlessly expensive .
By needlessly , I mean that the price is not related to performance .
The price is related to scarcity , brand and storytelling .
Luxury goods are organized waste .
They say , " I can afford to spend money without regard for intrinsic value . "
That does n't mean they are senseless expenditures .
Sending a signal is valuable if that signal is important to you .
Premium goods , on the other hand , are expensive variants of commodity goods .
Pay more , get more .
Figure skates made from kangaroo hide , for example , are premium .
The spectators do n't know what they 're made out of , but some skaters believe they get better performance .
They 're happy to pay more because they believe they get more .
A $ 20,000 gown is not a premium product .
It 's not better made , it wo n't hold up longer , it 's not waterproof or foldable .
It 's just artificially scarce .
A custom - made suit , on the other hand , might be worth the money , especially if you 're Wilt Chamberlain .
Plenty of brands are in trouble right now because they 're not sure which one they represent .
What do Johnny Depp , Garfield , Paris Hilton and roast pork have in common ?
In China , the answer is that a new government - mandated internet filter rates some pictures of all four of them as bad for your moral health .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Beijing has ordered all personal computers sold in China from 1 July to be preinstalled with the Green Dam software , which it says is designed to block pornographic and violent images , and which critics fear will be used to extend censorship .
But a trial of the program , which is available online for free download ( www.skycn.com/soft/46657.html), suggested its filters may be of limited use to worried parents .
When the software is installed , and an image scanner activated , it blocks even harmless images of a film poster for cartoon cat Garfield , dishes of flesh - color cooked pork and on one search engine a close - up of film star Johnny Depp 's face .
With the image filter off , even though searches with words like " nude " are blocked , a hunt for adult websites throws up links to soft and hardcore pornography sites including one with a video of full penetrative sex playing on its front page .
Green Dam has not detailed how it scans images for obscene content , but computer experts have said it likely uses color and form recognition to zoom in on potential expanses of naked flesh .
Programme settings allow users to chose how tightly they want images scanned .
When too much skin is detected , Green Dam closes all Internet browsers with no warning , sometimes flashing up a notice that the viewer is looking at " harmful " content .
But the interpretation of obscene is apparently generous enough to include the orange hue of Garfield 's fur and , on the highest security settings , prevent viewers clicking through to any illustrated story on one English language news website .
A programme to scan written content appears less sensitive , with a string of explicit words typed into a word document triggering no response , although some users have complained in online forums of shut - downs similar to those of web browsers .
The software also allows users to choose what they want to filter for , and besides adult websites and violence , categories include " gay " and " illegal activities . "
Gay and health activists fear the blanket ban on " gay content , " in a country where homosexuality is not criminalized , could damage projects including sexual health and Aids education .
And government critics worry the " illegal activities " section will cover political and social activities Beijing objects to , tightening access to non-approved information , already filtered by censors and a firewall .
Another setting allows Green Dam to take regular snapshots of a user 's screen and store them for up to two weeks - ostensibly so parents can monitor computer use by minors .
But it could also potentially leave security officials a track of computer use by a suspected dissident , or be a gift to fraudsters hunting online bank details and private information .
Researchers in the US have already said they are concerned Green Dam leaves users vulnerable to malicious sites that might steal personal data or install code on the personal computer .
Western governments and trade groups have also asked China to reconsider , based on concerns ranging from cyber- security and performance of the software to internet freedoms .
" People say the software is not very stable and has many technological problems , " said Joerg Wuttke , the president of the European Union Chamber of Commerce in China , which has dubbed the introduction of Green Dam " hasty . "
China 's foreign ministry today declined to respond to criticisms of the software .
PRINCETON , N.J. , June 11 ( UPI ) -- Nearly 40 percent of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents have an unfavorable opinion of the GOP , a Gallup poll indicates .
The USA Today / Gallup poll released Thursday found that on the Democratic side , just 7 percent of Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents have an unfavorable opinion their party .
Advertisement
The poll , conducted May 29 - 31 , indicates the top - of - the - mind images of the Republican Party among Republicans are more negative than are the images of the Democratic Party among Democrats .
Among all Americans , the poll shows a 19 - point advantage for the Democratic Party over the Republican Party when it comes to the two parties ' respective favorable images .
" Although it is generally well known that the Republican Party has an image problem today ( after all , the Democrats have control of the White House and both houses of Congress ) , these findings reinforce the depth of that problem by pointing out the degree to which Republicans themselves have a lower opinion of their party than Democrats do of their party , " Gallup said in its analysis .
The telephone survey of 1,015 national adults has a maximum margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3 percentage points .
Fernando Toranzo Fern�ndez aprovecha el parecido que tiene con el vecino de Homero Simpson ; su lema de campa�a es ' primerillo San Luis , primerillo t� '
Ciudad de M�xico | Mi�rcoles 13 de mayo de 2009
NTX | El Universal
13:26
Abstract
This paper denes a parallel logic programming language called Guarded Horn Clauses ( GHC ) , introducing the ideas that went into the design of the language .
It also points out that GHC can be viewed as a process description language in which input and output can be described naturally by treating the outside world as a process .
Relationship between GHC and logic programming in the original , strict sense is also discussed .
Some familiarity with GHC and / or other parallel logic programming languages will be helpful in reading this paper , though it is not indispensable .
A recent study has found that the fall of an item ’s popularity mirrors its rise to popularity , so that items that become popular faster also die out faster , which is demonstrated by name trends .
Image caption : Berger and Le Mens. © 2009 PNAS .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
" Why is everybody suddenly wearing those new sandals and listening to that new band ?
It 's so trendy ! "
A recent study has investigated this sentiment in order to understand why some cultural products and styles die out faster than others .
According to the results , the quicker a cultural item rockets to popularity , the quicker it dies .
This pattern occurs because people believe that items that are adopted quickly will become fads , leading them to avoid these items , thus causing these items to die out .
In their study , Jonah Berger from the University of Pennsylvania and Gaël Le Mens from Stanford University and Pompeu Fabra University in Barcelona have investigated why things become unpopular , and have found some surprisingly counterintuitive results .
Their study is published in a recent issue of Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
“ While it is easy to see products , ideas , or behaviors catch on in popular culture , less in known about why such things become unpopular , ” Berger told PhysOrg.com .
“ We show how social dynamics drive cultural change , and examine the reciprocal interplay between individual decisions and collective outcomes .
Aggregate changes in popularity shape individual choice , which in turn drives aggregate popularity . ”
To investigate how cultural tastes change over time , Berger and Le Mens analyzed thousands of baby names from the past 100 years in France and the US .
( Because there is less of an influence of technology or advertising on name choice , baby names provide a way to study how adoption depends on primarily internal factors . )
The researchers found a consistent symmetry in the rise and fall of individual names ; in other words , the longer it took for a name to become popular , the longer it took for the name to fade out of popularity , and thus the more staying power it had compared to names that quickly rose and fell .
The effect was robust , occurring in both countries and across various time windows .
To find additional support for this relationship , the researchers also interviewed expecting parents on how likely they would be to give their children certain names .
Afterwards , participants rated their perception of how trendy each name was .
The results showed that parents viewed names that had experienced sharper recent increases in usage as fads , and avoided these names in accordance with this concern .
As the scientists explain , these findings suggest that beliefs about the evolution of popularity may be self - fulfilling .
There is no mathematical necessity that forces cultural items ( such as names ) that sharply increase in popularity to die out faster , but people ’s beliefs have the ability to create this reality , since people do n’t want to be seen as following the herd .
This effect is an example of how psychological processes shape culture , in addition to the more widely known reciprocal dynamic , that culture can shape thought processes .
Besides baby names , the symmetry between popularity rise and fall can carry over to other cultural items .
For example , the scientists noted that similar outcomes have been observed in the music industry , where new artists who shoot to the top of the charts right away also fall quickly , and so have lower overall sales than those who rise more slowly .
While this finding seems counterintuitive , since a quick rise in popularity would seem like a good thing , it shows that a backlash to perceived fads should be taken into account .
As the researchers explain , people who want to ensure the persistence and success of particular items should seek to popularize the items at a slow but steady pace .
“ Managers often want their products to catch on quickly , and conventional wisdom would say that products which catch on quickly should be more likely to succeed , ” Berger said .
“ Our results , however , show that the exact opposite can occur .
Fast adoption can hurt success .
We think these findings extend to a broad range of areas where choices signal identity .
People often join social movements , choose products , or wear styles because of what it communicates about them to others , and in these domains of life , adoption speed should influence cultural success . ”
More information : Jonah Berger and Gaël Le Mens .
“ How adoption speed affects the abandonment of cultural tastes . ”
PNAS , 8146-8150 , May 19 , 2009 , vol. 106 , no. 20 .
Copyright 2009 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
Explore further Adolescents with unpopular names more prone to committing crime
Panicked Roma communities in Hungary are forming self - defence groups after a spate of attacks on their settlements claimed five lives in 10 months .
The murders have led police to double the size of a task force investigating anti-Roma crimes and police sources believe the same group may be responsible for attacks using rifles and home - made explosives .
Far - right groups have denied any links to the attacks , but emphasise the need to fight " Gypsy crime " .
" We 're getting organised , " says Gyula Borsi , a Roma leader in Tiszalök , north - east Hungary , where the latest victim was buried last week .
" We have no other choice .
We wo n't permit our members to carry weapons of any sort , " he said , " no guns , no axes . "
The new Roma civil defence groups will patrol until dawn in groups of six in the streets of the cigány - telepek - the Gypsy ghettoes - where the Roma of eastern Europe are usually found .
Ninety per cent of Roma interviewed in Hungary in a recent EU survey said discrimination due to ethnic origin was widespread , followed by 83 % in the Czech Republic and 81 % in Slovakia .
The report , by the EU Agency for Fundamental Rights , found " high levels of discrimination and victimisation among the Roma in the seven member states surveyed " .
The figures for Hungary are particularly alarming , because until now , the country had claimed to have one of the more enlightened pro-Roma policies in the region .
There are elected local minority councils , a system of scholarships for secondary and higher education , and carefully calibrated funds for schools to try to ensure classes have no more than 25 % minority pupils .
In the Czech Republic , 500 activists of the far - right Workers Party attacked a Roma settlement in Litvinov , north of Prague last November , with machetes , pitchforks and Molotov cocktails .
Three hundred Roma , also armed , gathered to defend their community .
At least seven riot police and seven demonstrators were injured in running battles .
In Slovakia last month , the minority rights ombudsman called for an investigation after a video was broadcast showing policemen forcing Roma boys to strip and slap each others ' faces , in the eastern city of Kosice .
In Hungary , the latest victim of the attacks on the Roma , 54 - year - old Jeno Koka was buried in Tiszalök on Wednesday , with all the honour and pageant that a poor , marginalised community can muster .
Hundreds of mourners came from miles around .
" A storm has descended on us , " Sandor Gaal , the Protestant bishop of eastern Hungary , told the assembled crowd .
As a Gypsy band played , many onlookers wept .
" Everyone in the community , regardless of ethnic background , condemns this murder , " said Sandor Gomzem mayor of Tiszalök .
" Many people are afraid that recent tension between the majority and minority will increase . "
Tiszalök recently came third in a national league for offences per head of the population .
At 20 % , unemployment is double the national average .
Factories are closing , or cutting their workforces , as a result of the recession .
According to liberal commentators , Gypsies have now replaced Jews as the main butt of middle - class hostility in eastern Europe .
Jobbik , a far - right party hostile to the Roma , won only 2 % in the last elections , but now expects to easily break the 5 % threshold and enter parliament in the next .
Its party website states : " The phenomenon of Gypsy crime is a unique form of delinquency which is different from the crimes of the majority in nature and force . "
" What we 're saying is that there is a problem in Hungary that has been swept under the carpet for quite a while , " says Zoltan Fuzessy , a spokesman on foreign relations for the party .
" Jobbik is basically just trying to open a discussion about it . "
A paramilitary off - shoot of Jobbik , the Hungarian Guard , was formed in 2007 , as a " uniformed self - defence group " .
I have n't been in a relationship in 14 years .
I almost would n't know where to begin .
I 've been out of relationships now as long as I was ever in them .
You just wake up one day and you 're used to being alone .
But I 'm OK with that .
I have my dogs .
I remember my first crush .
The third grade , a girl named Candy .
I never really spoke to her .
I liked the rush of writing her notes and having them passed to her more than actually talking to her .
I did n't have any front teeth , so I could n't speak too clearly .
I was confident on the field , if I had a ball under my arm .
But with girls ?
No way .
One of the first girls I went out with was called Leah .
I was about 15 .
She was really nice , but I was n't used to talking to girls .
After taking her out , I was at her house and she says : " Do n't you even want to see my tits ? " and lifts up her shirt .
I stood there petrified .
I did n't know what to say to her .
All I knew is I wanted to see them again , but she threw me out .
I was n't forward enough .
It was not a good beginning .
My grandmother has been the most important woman in my life .
I lost her about four months ago , at 99 .
She was incredibly well read , two books a week her entire life .
She taught me the importance of being a gentleman , and how that will carry you a long way .
She told me these things a million times , but maybe I did n't listen hard enough .
My brother Joe was just as fond of her .
He called her four times a day his whole life .
Joe died in my arms , but she still carried on speaking to him , via her Ouija board .
I married as a young man to Debra [ Feuer ] .
She was a dancer , and I married the first good - looking girl I thought I 'd ever have a chance with .
I made it clear that I did n't want to marry an actress , so as soon as her manager started pushing her that way , I was out of the door .
I 'm an old - school guy .
Relationships are about trust , and if you do n't have that you 've got nothing .
Long - distance relationships and young people with movie jobs ... well , the temptations are there and you have to have some kind of character to be able to deal with them .
There 's definitely something called a casting couch .
I did it the old - fashioned way : I went to acting school and broke my ass , studied hard .
But if you take a girl from the Midwest with a pretty face , and instead of inviting them in for an audition in the morning , the directors invite them for dinner at night ?
That 's not going to wash in my house .
I can recall with certain women , we'd go out , I 'd park the car on Sunset , and by the time I 'd got to the kerb there 'd be three or four producers handing them cards .
That kind of thing makes me act a bit like Attila the Hun .
There 's ways you get a job , and ways you get a job .
When I married Carré [ Otis ] that was all over the public eye .
Her agent used a lot of our drama to try and further her career .
Allegations were made [ about domestic abuse ] that were absolutely not true .
Until recently , I have not even denied them .
But the way I looked at the time , what was the use defending myself ?
I was looking at going to prison because I would n't plead guilty to hurting her .
You do the crime , you do the time , but if you did n't do it , the last thing you 're going to do is plead guilty .
That hurt my soul and it hurt my pride .
It was a secret kind of hurt .
A humiliation .
We were both damaged goods .
Monogamy ?
I can't wait .
I do n't practise it , because I have n't met the one I 'd practise it with , but I believe in it absolutely .
I 'd join that club in a heartbeat .
• The Wrestler is out on DVD now
Who qualifies for the public health services in Norway ?
Anyone who has permission to live and work in Norway has complete access to the full range of health services that are available , regardless of how long one has lived here or whether or not one has paid any taxes .
When I first got here , it took a month before all of my paperwork was in order and I had my first work visa .
From that point on , I was in the system .
How does it work ?
Do I get to choose my own doctor ?
Shortly after moving to a new municipality ( kommune ) , it is mandatory that one registers with the Folkeregister , or Public Registry .
Shortly thereafter , you will receive a letter with instructions on how to choose your GP ( fastlege ) , with a list of who is available .
You can also choose a doctor in a neighboring municipality , if you wish to do so .
You are encouraged to do this online , which goes a lot faster .
Each GP has a quota of how many patients they have on their lists ; I think the limit is something like 1,100 .
If your chosen doctor 's list is full , you can still get on it , if you used that doctor previously , then moved away and have now moved back within 3 years .
You can change GPs up to 2 times in any calendar year .
You can't always get a same - day appointment with your GP , but if you call their office before 9 AM you are guaranteed to see the on - call physician .
To be guaranteed to see your GP , for a referral or checkup or similar , you need to get the appointment in advance .
Is it free ?
Really ?
Well , no .
It is n't .
Every year , each person receives a deductible card ( egenandelskort ) and a deductible which is set by Parliament for each year .
This year the deductible was 1780 kroner , or about $ 278 .
Any time you see your GP the cost starts at 130 kroner , or roughly $ 20 .
A specialist costs 280 kroner , or about $ 44 .
All of these costs go against your deductible , as do certain prescriptions for chronic conditions , something called a blåresept or blue prescription ( due to the color of the paper it 's printed on ) .
Transport to and from specialists and / or hospitals is also counted towards your deductible .
This includes use of your own car to drive to a neighboring town for treatment as well as bus tickets , and in some cases , taxis .
After you 've met your deductible for the year you can apply for something called a free card ( frikort ) .
Anything you pay over and above your deductible until you get your free card gets refunded rather quickly .
This includes transportation costs .
I tend to qualify for a free card by May .
If you have an emergency , you first go to the emergency room ( legevakt ) .
In most cases , you can be treated and released , which costs the same 130 kroner during the day , and 220 kroner ( $ 35 ) at night or on the weekends .
As I recall , you have to pay this cost whether or not you are admitted to the hospital .
However , that is the only cost associated with admission to the hospital in an emergency situation .
My husband has been admitted twice now , both in emergency situations , and not had to pay anything apart from the emergency room consultation .
I am not sure how this works in the case of life - or - death situations , such as serious accidents or heart attacks .
In one instance , he underwent a long series of tests , including CAT scans and x-rays , and spent the night in the hospital .
The cost ?
220 kroner plus I had to pay to park the darned car .
For outpatient and day surgeries , the cost is 355 kroner ( $ 56 ) .
I had to have two recently ; one was an outpatient procedure to remove a benign skin tumor from my forehead , and was done with a local anaesthetic in an operating room .
( It was a tricofolliculoma , for any docs / Latin nerds out there . )
The second was a D&C , to finish off a miscarriage that had started and was taking too much time to resolve itself .
For that , I received full anaesthetic and was in the hospital for half a day ; I was able to decide myself when I wanted to leave and also received transportation home via taxi ; I live about 60 kilometers from the hospital .
The taxi cost me an additional 125 kroner ( $ 20 ) but since I was long over my deductible , I get the costs of both surgeries and all transportation refunded .
In some cases , treatments come with their own co-pays outside of the usual levels .
The example I 'm most familiar with is fertility treatments .
These have a lifetime cost limit of 19,500 kroner or about $ 2,900 .
This covers 3 attempts at IVF .
15,000 kroner of this go to the medicines ; they cost about 9,000 kroner per attempt so you pay for the first attempt and half of the second .
The remaining 4,500 is paid to the clinic for the actual treatments and covers the medicines the day of treatment , all labwork , and embryo storage for 5 years ( after which point they become non-viable , and are destroyed ) .
What about those long waiting times ?
Waiting times depend on the urgency of the problem .
My father - in - law has a pacemaker and when he needed that , of course he did n't have to wait to have it put in .
If you have cancer , or any other situation that requires urgent treatment , you get it .
If you need a knee replacement , or something similar that can wait a bit , you will wait but generally not longer than 6 months .
You also have a right to up to 1 year 's paid sick leave , if you are unable to perform your job duties , so it 's not like you will be forced to work with a bad knee slowing you down in the meantime .
There are other , more serious situations that unfortunately have a longer waiting time .
Psychiatric services , including counseling and rehab , have about a year 's waiting time .
The government is working hard to shorten these , but there is also a shortage of qualified providers in this area .
An example from my experience : I visited my GP to ask for a referral to a specialist , since despite our best efforts , I had n't conceived after more than a year .
The wait to see the GP was about two weeks , and the wait for the specialist about a month .
When several months ' treatment with the specialist had yet to achieve any results , we asked to be referred to the public IVF clinic .
We received an answer from them that there was a 4 month wait , then one week later , we had our first appointment .
So results may vary .
Another example from experience : the aforementioned tumor .
I had to wait 3 weeks to get the biopsy , then waited about a month for the results because of Easter holidays and a long backlog .
After the results showed that I needed to get the tumor removed , I waited 2 more weeks for the surgery appointment .
What about prescriptions ?
I spend 60 kroner a month on metformin to manage my PCOS ; that 's about $ 10 .
My husband takes pills for high blood pressure ; they cost about $ 15 for 3 months ' worth .
The few other common prescriptions I 've had ( antibiotics , painkillers , cough meds ) have been similarly reasonable in price .
I can't say much about other meds at this point .
My metformin was recently switched from one manufacturer to another , who apparently had a lower price .
One thing I will note , however , is that all of my prescriptions are manufactured in Europe , which is reassuring given the recent scandals involving Chinese - manufactured generic pharmaceuticals .
It all sounds so perfect !
What are some problems that still exist ?
Hospital capacity is a real problem at all levels : regular hospitals , rehabilitation ( physical and drug - related ) , and nursing homes all lack beds .
Some of the bigger hospitals struggle with " corridor patients " in especially busy times , such as flu outbreaks .
Another problem is similar to one that is common in the USA .
There is a shortage of GP doctors , which is worse in the countryside such as where I live .
There is so much more money to be made as a specialist in Oslo or Bergen .
Wrap it up , already !
Ok then .
My experiences with the public health system in Norway have been nothing but positive .
No worrying about whether some essential item is covered or not , or whether I can afford to treat some problem or other .
That said , it 's not entirely problem - free , on the large scale .
And I do n't think that the Norwegian model would be very workable in the United States , which has roughly 100 times the population of Norway .
That does n't mean that I do n't believe that some sort of socialized system can be implemented there , and I hope , for the sake of my family and friends still Stateside , that something can be implemented soon .
EDIT : I changed the title to " Single - Payer " from " Socialized " .
By : Sane Dhlamini Updated 2 hours 2 minutes ago
Business Leadership South Africa CEO
Busisiwe Mavuso said on Wednesday that uncertainty around the Section 25 of the Constitution relating to land expropriation without compensation is the reason why the country is failing to attract foreign investment .
Mavuso was speaking during a webinar organised by Freedom Under Law themed “ Expropriation without compensation and post - lockdown South Africa : Turning a disaster into an opportunity ” . →
You do n't need to shampoo daily .
And the " no poo " movement suggests you do n't do it at all .
But if not washing your hair sounds flat - out gross , and yet you want to avoid some iffy chemicals , there are many all - natural shampoos .
Image
Shampooing can be complicated .
First , there are the convoluted instructions : Lather , rinse , repeat .
It does n't say anything about stopping .
And now there 's a movement afoot , called the " no poo " movement , advocating no shampooing whatsoever .
Shampoo is indeed a modern invention , as the no-poo'ers attest , developed roughly around the end of the 19th century .
And few of us need to be shampooing every day , dermatologists say .
That said , the necessity for shampoo varies from person to person , depending on your hair type and what you put in to your hair each day .
Forgoing shampooing completely , if that concept even appeals to you , ultimately could be rough on your hair and rougher on your social interactions .
Clean history
The English word shampoo originated in India about 300 years ago and , at first , entailed a head massage with some fragrant oil .
The practice likely dates back centuries before that .
Shampooing in the modern sense , though , with water to produce a soapy lather , is only about 100 years old .
Prior to this , it is not as if all humans were just filthy .
Shampooing , whatever it was called , involved adding a dry substance to the hair , such as a vegetable starch or wood ash , to absorb excess oil .
Rainwater collected with wood ash , actually , provides a silky feel similar to modern conditioners .
The hair does get dirty .
We secrete an oil called sebum to protect the protein structure of the hair , so that it does n't splinter .
But that same oil , unfortunately , tends to collect dirt and scalp flakes .
With the dawn of modern chemistry , scientists developed surfactants to remove dirt efficiently while leaving a soft feel .
Cosmetic companies salivated , and a million - dollar industry was born .
The poo in shampoo
The no - poo 'ers raise a few valid concerns .
Some shampoos , often the cheaper ones , contain potentially harmful chemicals that can be absorbed through the skin .
These include sodium lauryl sulfate , sodium laureth sulfate , propylene or butylene glycol , isopropyl alcohol and coal tar .
Human studies are n't conclusive ; most doctors and health agencies view these as generally safe .
But animal studies suggest that , if you absorb enough , they ultimately might destroy your skin or other organs in some uncertain cancerous , cell - membrane - eating , DNA - unraveling kind of way , despite leaving you with luscious hair .
A common homemade alternative to shampoo is baking soda with a conditioning vinegar rinse .
This is fine , but you 'll smell like pickles .
There 's really no good alternative other than to dilute the egg , vinegar , lemon or whatever other ingredient you might find in online recipes , or else smell like food .
Many people will find that their hair does n't feel or smell as good as it did when they used commercial products , but this is a social issue , not a health issue .
Natural alternatives
Fortunately , these days , there are so many all - natural shampoos that there 's no reason to go poo-less .
If you find them expensive , you can take the standard dermatologist 's advice to wash just a few times a week .
Straight hair needs more washing in general than curly hair ; and you might feel the need to shampoo every other day or more if you get sweaty each day or swim in a pool .
Not washing your hair wo n't harm you ; the oil needs to stop building up after a few days once your body realized it does n't need to generate any more .
It 's the no-poo 'er reverse stance that modern shampoos are overtly harmful that 's a bit overboard .
You'd be making sacrifices with little reward other than the satisfaction of saving some money or saying no to the cosmetic industry .
Christopher Wanjek is the author of the books " Bad Medicine " and " Food At Work . "
His column , Bad Medicine , appears each Tuesday on LiveScience .
SAN ANTONIO ( AP ) —
A strip club in Texas that hired a 14 - year - old as an exotic dancer says it was swindled and is suing the seventh - grader and her parents .
The girl allegedly exposed her breasts while working at Cheetah Club in Corpus Christi , a violation of state law .
Alan Yaffe , the club 's attorney , said the club did n't know the girl was a minor and disputed the alleged sequence of events that led the teenager to work there in the first place .
" She came ( into the club ) with 6 - inch stiletto heels and a miniskirt and looked just like a model from a Miss America 's contest , " Yaffe said .
Authorities say Leslie Campbell , 48 , kidnapped the girl in San Antonio in March , took her to Corpus Christi and sexually assaulted her over the course of a week .
He then allegedly gave her a false identification and forced her to strip at the club .
Yaffe called the story bogus , and the club is suing Campbell , the girl and her parents for unspecified damage in a lawsuit filed last week .
It also wants a judge to declare that the club did n't intend to hire a minor .
" There was no real kidnapping , " Yaffe told the San Antonio Express - News .
" We 're the victims here , sir .
My clients are the victims . "
Campbell was in a Nueces County jail on charges of aggravated sexual assault and aggravated kidnapping .
It was not immediately clear Saturday if he had an attorney .
Police also arrested Jeffery Shawn Martinez , a manager at the club , on charges of employment harmful to a minor and sexual performance of a child .
He was released on bail .
Martinez 's attorney , Fred Jimenez , said his client is not guilty .
Jimenez said the girl looked " very mature . "
Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission Sgt. John Mann scoffed at that characterization .
" I 've seen this young lady 's picture , and I assure you she is a 14 - year - old seventh - grader , " Mann said .
" I personally think any reasonable and prudent person could tell you that is an underage girl . "
Authorities say the girl eventually escaped from Campbell and has been reunited with her parents in San Antonio .
Yaffe said the club has also sued Corpus Christi Police Chief Mike Walsh because Walsh issues permits for sexually oriented businesses in the city .
Mark Taylor & Brian Rawling Mixing / Production
Recording By Sue Sillitoe
It was the best - selling single of 1998 and signalled a radical change of musical direction for Cher — complete with bizarre vocal processing .
Yet , surprisingly , it was produced in a small studio in West London .
Sue Sillitoe relates the astonishing tale of ' Believe ' .
For most of last year , it looked as though Celine Dion 's track ' My Heart Will Go On ' was going to be the best - selling single of 1998 — but this accolade was snatched from the Canadian Queen of AOR at the 11th hour by another female vocalist who not only launched a successful challenge for the title , but did so with a song that was massively different from anything she had ever done before .
For those of you who 've been stuck on a radio - less desert island for the last two months , the single in question is Cher 's dance hit , ' Believe ' , which spent seven weeks at the top of the UK charts and — at the time of going to press — had already achieved sales of 1.5 million and rising .
What 's less well - known is that it was produced by two London - based producers Mark Taylor and Brian Rawling , in their own studio .
Together , Mark and Brian run Metro Productions , a production and publishing company which operates from Dreamhouse , a three - studio complex in Kingston , Surrey .
According to Mark , despite the track 's mainstream commercial success , the story behind the creation of ' Believe ' is a strange one .
As released , the single incorporates the work of six different songwriters , two producers and executive producer Rob Dickins ( the erstwhile chairman of Warner Brothers , who has now left the company for pastures new ) .
Mark , whose previous production credits include Gina G and Danni Minogue , says the fact that the single happened at all is down to a series of lucky breaks , which began when Metro 's songwriters were asked by Rob Dickins to submit a song for possible inclusion on Cher 's new album .
He explains : " Thanks to the work we had done with Gina and Danni for Warners , we had a good relationship with Rob , and that 's why we got the opportunity to work with Cher .
Rob asked us to write a song and we came up with the song ' Dov'é L'Amore ' [ now a track on Cher 's new album , also entitled Believe ] .
Initially , he wanted Junior Vasquez to produce it , which we were delighted about , because it was quite a coup to have the song accepted in the first place . "
' Dov'é L'Amore ' was duly sent over to Vasquez in New York , but when he sent back his version , it was rejected by Rob , who decided instead to give the production of the track to Taylor and Rawling as well .
" It was one of those scenarios where lucky breaks , chance and other people 's bad luck come into play , " says Mark .
" We were only meant to do one song , but in the end we were responsible for the bulk of the Believe album — six tracks in total including ' Believe ' itself .
Vasquez did another and producer Todd Terry did three . "
The starting point for ' Believe ' was a song by Brian Higgins , Matt Gray , Stuart McLennen and Tim Powell , which had been knocking around the Warner offices in demo form for months .
" Everyone loved the chorus but not the rest of the song , " says Mark .
" As we were already writing other songs for Cher , Rob asked us if we could sort it out .
Two of our writers , Steve Torch and Paul Barry , got involved and eventually came up with a complete song that Rob and Cher were happy with . "
Mark says Torch and Barry were given a DAT with a programmed demo in a firmly eurobeat style , which they were n't too keen on , so they sat down with guitars and began to rewrite it .
In the end , they kept only the chorus , which went through some minor chord changes but basically remained intact .
" The lyrics for the chorus were already there , but our guys added the lyrics , melody and chords for the verses and middle eight , then put the whole thing back together again .
We sent it over to Rob Dickins and he highlighted a few changes .
Then Cher heard it and she liked it straight away . "
Once the demo version was agreed , Mark and Brian took over for the actual production , working at Dreamhouse , which has Mackie consoles in every room .
Mark says , " We knew the rough direction to take , because Rob had said he wanted to make a Cher dance record .
The hard part was trying to make one that would n't alienate Cher 's existing fans .
We could n't afford to have anyone say ' I hate this because it 's dance ' — then we would have turned off loads of people who are used to hearing Cher do rock ballads and MOR songs .
I think we can safely say we succeeded in maintaining the balance , because kids on their own will buy a certain type of record , and adults on their own will buy another .
The only way you can achieve sales of 1.5 million is to appeal to both camps .
Getting that right was the most difficult part — and was the reason why I ended up doing the track twice ! "
Mark got halfway through the first version before consigning it to the bin without having played it to anyone else .
" It was just too hardcore dance — it was n't happening , " he says .
" I scrapped it and started again , because I realised it needed a sound that was unusual , but not in a typical dance record sort of way .
This was tricky , because dance music is very specific .
To get what I was after I had to think about each sound very carefully , so that the sound itself was dance - based but not obviously so .
" It was really a question of finding , say , a kick drum that did n't sound like a typical TR909 dance kick drum — and instead , using something that had the right sound but was n't so clichéd .
I ended up using all kinds of sounds mixed together .
The drums are all samples , but samples that have been mutated , EQ'd and compressed .
The kick drums in particular were heavily compressed to give them a weird , pumping , smacky sound . "
Mark believes one does n't need expensive technology in order to make a hit record , and adds that ' Believe ' exemplifies this philosophy .
" Do n't forget I was only using a Mackie desk , and the rest of the equipment involved was the sort of thing any Sound On Sound reader could aspire to .
Having a really expensive piece of kit does n't mean you 'll make hit records .
My view is that the end result is what matters — not how you get there . "
With this attitude , it 's not so surprising that Mark used nothing fancier than Cubase VST on a Mac G3 to assemble the entire track , including the vocals ( although these were initially recorded to Tascam DA88s — see later ) .
The G3 contains a Korg 1212 I/O card , but in fact a stand - alone Soundscape converter unit provides the main audio interfacing with the rest of the Metro kit , particularly their DA88s ( via TDIF ) .
" The sampler was an Akai S3000 , and for other sounds we used several of our synths , including the Clavia Nord Rack , Oberheim Matrix 1000 — for the white - noise wind effect at the very beginning of the track — and the Moog Progidy for some sub -bass .
A lot of the time I was just fiddling around to see what came out !
The samples were a combination of sample CDs and ones I 've collected myself over the years .
As I 've said , I wanted the samples to sound different , so that the track did n't sound like any old dance hit .
We did this by using the EQ in the Akai sampler , from our little ART Tube EQ and on the desk to really crunch things up , and compressing and squashing sounds to give them an unusual edge .
The great thing about the S3000 is that you can put four different samples on each note in a keygroup — so for the kick drum , for example , I used four different kick samples from my own collection playing together .
One was just a noise , one was a splat , one had all the bottom end and so on .
By mixing everything together I was able to create something unique . "
Cher 's vocals were recorded onto three Tascam DA88s with a Neumann U67 , at her suggestion , as she had just finished a recording with George Martin using that mic and was particularly pleased with the results .
From the DA88 , the vocals were loaded straight into Cubase VST on the Mac , and nearly everything else was then done on the computer 's hard disk .
Mark : " There 's also some guitar in the chorus , which we ran through a Sessionette amp miked with an AKG C414 .
Then we put it through a Zoom to add tremolo and severely EQ'd it to make it sound a bit odd .
For the piano we used an Emu Vintage Keys sound which I really like .
It 's based on a Yamaha CP80 electric piano which we slightly modified to make it cut through the track better .
Then we compressed it quite hard to give it a definite ringing sound .
We also added lots of delay using a Roland SDE330 , which sounds really spacious and adds ambience without cluttering the track — although the really obvious delay on the vocal phrase ' after love , after love ' at the very beginning was n't done using that — we just sampled that phrase and repeated it with the S3000's internal filter on it , so that it fades in very dull and brightens up . "
Mark explains that the main synth pad remained the same throughout the recording of the track , and was the only element that survived from his first version .
" It 's a very distinctive , core part of the record — the song hinges on it .
I combined two sounds to get that — one from my old Roland Juno 106 and another from the Korg TR - Rack .
There is something about the way the pad and melody work together that gives the whole track a sort of hanging feeling .
When I started putting the song together for the second time , I had the pad running , and I rebuilt the drums to make the pad and the drums sound like they were driving everything along .
Then I added the other instrumentation — the guitar and the piano . "
STOP PRESS !
Historical Footnote Cher 's ' Believe ' ( December 1998 ) was the first commercial recording to feature the audible side - effects of Antares Auto‑Tune software used as a deliberate creative effect .
The ( now ) highly recognisable tonal mangling occurs when the pitch correction speed is set too fast for the audio that it is processing and it became one of the most over - used production effects of the following years .
In February 1999 , when this Sound On Sound article was published , the producers of this recording were apparently so keen to maintain their ' trade secret ' process that they were willing to attribute the effect to the ( then ) recently - released Digitech Talker vocoder pedal .
As most people are now all ‑too familiar with the ' Cher effect ' , as it has become known , we have maintained the article in its original form as an interesting historical footnote .
Matt Bell
Everyone who hears ' Believe ' immediately comments on the vocals , which are unusual , to say the least .
Mark says that for him , this was the most nerve - racking part of the project , because he was n't sure what Cher would say when she heard what he 'd done to her voice .
For those who 've been wondering , yes — it 's basically down to vocoding and filtering ( for more on vocoders and the theory behind them , see the ' Power Vocoding ' workshop in SOS January 1994 ) .
Mark :
" It all began with a Korg VC10 , which is a very rare , very groovy - looking analogue vocoder from the ' 70s , with a built - in synth , a little keyboard and a microphone stuck on top " , he enthuses .
" You must mention this , because SOS readers will love it — and I know , because I 've been reading the mag for years !
" Anyway , the Korg VC10 looks bizarre , but it 's great to use if you want to get vocoder effects up and running straight away .
You just play the keyboard to provide a vocoder carrier signal , sing into the microphone to produce the modulator signal , and off you go .
The only drawback is the synth — you can't do anything to change the sound , so the effects you can produce are rather limited .
" I played around with the vocals and realised that the vocoder effect could work , but not with the Korg — the results just were n't clear enough .
So instead , I used a Digitech Talker — a reasonably new piece of kit that looks like an old guitar foot pedal , which I suspect is what it was originally designed for [ see review in SOS April 1998 ] .
You plug your mic straight into it , and it gives you a vocoder - like effect , but with clarity ; it almost sounds like you 've got the original voice coming out the other end .
I used a tone from the Nord Rack as a carrier signal and sequenced the notes the Nord was playing from Cubase to follow Cher 's vocal melody .
That gave the vocals that ' stepped ' quality that you can hear prominently throughout the track — but only when I shifted the Nord 's notes back a bit .
For some reason , if you track the vocal melody exactly , with the same notes and timing , you hardly get any audible vocoded effect .
But I was messing about with the Nord melody sequence in Cubase and shifted all the notes back a fraction with respect to the vocal .
Then you really started to hear it , although even then it was a bit hit - and - miss — I had to experiment with the timing of each of the notes in the Nord melody sequence to get the best effect .
You could n't hear an effect on all the vocals by any means — and on others it made the words completely impossible to understand !
" In the end , we only used vocoded sections where they had the most striking effect and did n't make the lyrics unintelligible .
To do that , I had to keep the vocoded bits very short .
So for example , when Cher sang ' Do you believe in life after love ? ' , I think I only cut the processed vocals into the phrase on just the syllables ' belie‑ ' from ' believe ' and ' lo‑ ' from ' love ' — but that was enough to make the whole phrase sound really arresting .
I made sure throughout that the last word of each vocal phrase was unprocessed , because again , I found it sounded too bubbly and hard to understand when it was vocoded . "
Mark spent time alone in the studio painstakingly processing Cher 's vocals in this way , and by the following morning , he was convinced he did n't have the nerve to play her what he 'd done .
" It was a bit radical , " he laughs .
" Basically , it was the destruction of her voice , so I was really nervous about playing it to her !
In the end , I just thought it sounded so good , I had to at least let her hear it — so I hit Play .
She was fantastic — she just said ' it sounds great ! ' , so the effect stayed .
I was amazed by her reaction , and so excited , because I knew it was good . "
Although the vocoder effect was Mark 's idea , the other obvious vocal effect in ' Believe ' is the ' telephoney ' quality of Cher 's vocal throughout .
This idea came from the lady herself — she 'd identified something similar on a Roachford record and asked Mark if he could reproduce it .
He explains , " Roachford uses a restricted bandwidth , and filters the vocals heavily so that the top and bottom ends are wound off and the whole vocal is slightly distorted .
It took a while to work out exactly what it was that Cher liked about this particular Roachford song , but in the end we realised it was the ' telephoney ' sound .
I used the filter section on my Drawmer DS404 gate on the vocal before it went into the Talker to get that effect . "
' Believe ' took approximately 10 days to record .
Once it was completed , Mark ran a monitor mix onto DAT and sent it to Rob Dickins for clearance .
To Mark 's surprise , Rob was so pleased with the sound that the monitor mix basically became the final version , with only the most minor of tweaks .
" The vocals were much too loud , because I was trying to clear the track , " he laughs .
" But apart from that , it worked fine , and everyone was really happy with it .
It just goes to show that you do n't need to spend days mixing in order to get a hit .
With ' Believe ' , I was adjusting things as I went along and running everything live on the computer , which meant I could save just about everything , apart from the effects and EQ hooked up to the desk .
All the level changes in the mix were already recorded in the sequencer , so the finished mix just kind of grew in an organic way as we worked on the track . "
The single was mastered at Townhouse , although very little was actually changed at this stage .
" It was very straightforward , " says Mark .
" Just the fades and the odd dB of cut and boost here and there — standard mastering stuff . "
Looking back , Mark says the most satisfying part of the project was getting to know Cher who spent six weeks at the studio working on the album .
" The first day was incredibly nerve - racking , " he admits .
" I thought she might think our setup was a bit small , and that she would turn out to be a bit ' Hollywood ' .
But she was really great and easy to get on with .
These days , artists like Cher are used to working with producers who have their own studios — and these are not necessarily big , just well equipped . "
With such a massive hit to their credit , it 's not surprising that the eight - man team at Metro is now in great demand .
They are currently finishing a Gypsy Kings album ( which was started after the group guested on the ' Dov'é L'Amore ' track ) , and other high - profile projects are in the pipeline , such as the first single from Gary Barlow 's new solo album , and the next Tamperer release .
Whether they will continue their relationship with Cher , however , remains to be seen .
" She 's said she wants to work with us again , but you know how record company politics can be , " says Mark .
" I hope it does happen , because it was a great project and one we all thoroughly enjoyed .
We certainly never expected the single to do so well — let alone seven weeks at number one .
But when I listen to it now I can see why it worked .
It 's a great song with a fantastic chorus , and the weird vocoder effect on the vocals makes it special . "
Update : Go to Amazon coupon codes for April 2011 for an updated list of coupons
Amazon keeps growing their grocery deals list .
This month it is longer than ever !
As usual I post them verified and sorted by the amount so it is more convenient to pick those with the best value .
Most coupons below expire June 30 , 2009 .
There is a slight change to the format this month .
The discount in parenthesis is what you will get if you use Amazon Subscribe & Save program .
I kept the list sorting based on the discount without the use of the program since I myself am not a member .
If you like these Amazon coupons , I also recommend you to check out these Amazon discount codes .
The best part is that these codes do n’t have an expiration date !
Amazon coupon codes for June 2009
Introduction
In the article , “ Practical threaded programming with Python ” , I demonstrated a simple and effective pattern for implementing threaded programming in Python .
One downside of this approach , though , is that it wo n’t always speed up your application , because the GIL ( global interpreter lock ) effectively limits threads to one core .
If you need to use all of the cores on your machine , then typically you will need to fork processes , to increase speed .
Dealing with a flock of processes can be a challenge , because if communication between processes is needed , it can often get complicated to coordinate all of the calls .
Fortunately , as of version 2.6 , Python includes a module called “ multiprocessing ” to help you deal with processes .
The API of the processing module has some similarities to the way the threading API works , but there are also few differences to keep in mind .
One of the main differences is that processes have subtle underlying behavior that a high - level API will never be able to completely abstract away .
You can read more about this in the official documentation for the multiprocessing module ( see resources on the right ) .
Quick introduction to forking
There are some very distinct differences between how concurrency works with processes and threads .
You can read more about these differences by reading the threading article I wrote for developerWorks ( see resources on the right ) .
When a process forks , the operating system creates a new child process with a new process ID , duplicating the state of the parent process ( memory , environment variables , and more ) .
To start out , before we get to actually using the processing module , take a look at a very basic fork in Python .
fork.py
#!/usr/bin/env python " " " A basic fork in action " " " import os def myfork ( ) : childpid = os.fork ( ) if childpid == 0 : print " Child Process : PID # %s " % os.getpid ( ) else : print " Parent Process : PID # %s " % os.getpid( ) if _name == " __main " : my_fork ( )
Show more
Show more icon
Now take a look at the output :
mac % python fork.py Parent Process : PID # 5285 Child Process : PID # 5286
Show more
Show more icon
In the next example , enhance the original fork code and set an environmental variable that will then get copied into the child process .
Here is the code :
Example 1 . A fork in Python
#!/usr/bin/env python " " " A fork that demonstrates a copied environment " " " import os from os import environ def myfork ( ) : environ [ ' FOO ' ] = " baz " print " FOO environmental variable set to : %s " % environ ' FOO ' environ [ ' FOO ' ] = " bar " print " FOO environmental variable changed to : %s " % environ ' FOO ' childpid = os.fork ( ) if childpid == 0 : print " Child Process : PID # %s " % os.getpid ( ) print " Child FOO environmental variable == %s " % environ ' FOO ' else : print " Parent Process : PID # %s " % os.getpid ( ) print " Parent FOO environmental variable == %s " % environ ' FOO ' if _name == " __main " : my_fork ( )
Show more
Show more icon
Here is what that the output looks like :
mac % python env_fork .
py FOO environmental variable set to : baz FOO environmental variable changed to : bar Parent Process : PID # 5333 Parent FOO environmental variable == bar Child Process : PID # 5334 Child FOO environmental variable == bar Show more Show more icon
In the output , you can see that the “ changed ” environmental variable FOO stuck with the child processes , as well as the parent process .
You could test this example even further by changing the environmental variable in the parent process again , and you would observe that the child is now completely separate , with a life of its own .
Note that the subprocess module can also be used to fork processes , albeit in a less sophisticated way than the multiprocessing module .
Introduction to multiprocessing
Now that you have some of the basics out of the way with forking in Python , look at a simple example of how it works with the higher - level multiprocessing library .
In this example , a fork still occurs , but much of the boilerplate work gets handled for us .
Example 2 . Simple multiprocessing
#!/usr /bin/env python from multiprocessing import Process import os import time def sleeper ( name , seconds ) : print ' starting child process with id : ' , os.getpid ( ) print ' parent process : ' , os.getppid ( ) print ' sleeping for %s ' % seconds time.sleep ( seconds ) print " Done sleeping " if name == ' main ' : print " in parent process ( id %s ) " % os.getpid( ) p = Process ( target=sleeper , args = ( ' bob ' , 5 ) ) p.start ( ) print " in parent process after child process start " print " parent process about to join child process " p.join ( ) print " in parent process after child process join " print " parent process exiting with id " , os.getpid ( ) print " The parent 's parent process : " , os.getppid ( )
Show more
Show more icon
If you look at the output , you get this :
mac % python simple .py in parent process ( id 5245 ) in parent process after child process start parent process about to join child process starting child process with id : 5246 parent process : 5245 sleeping for 5
Done sleeping in parent process after child process join parent process exiting with id 5245
The parent 's parent process : 5231 Show more Show more icon
You can see that the main process forks a child process that then sleeps for five seconds .
The dispatch of the child process occurs when p.start ( ) gets called .
This basic program flows scales up into a bigger program , as you will observe in the next section .
Building an asynchronous Net-SNMP engine
Up until now , you have n’t built anything too useful .
This next example solves a real - world problem by making the Python bindings for Net - SNMP asynchronous .
By default , Net - SNMP will block on every call with Python .
Using the multiprocessing library makes converting the Net - SNMP library into fully asynchronous operation relatively simple .
Before getting started , you need to check that you have a few things installed in order to use both the multiprocessing library with Python 2.6 and the Net - SNMP bindings :
Download Python 2.6 and compile it for your operating system : Python 2.6 Download
Adjust your shell path so that Python 2.6 launches when you type python .
For example , if you compile Python to live in /usr / local / bin / , you will need to prepend your $ PATH variable to make sure it comes before an older version of Python .
Download and install setuptools : Setuptools Download Net -SNMP and configure it with the “ –with - python - modules ” flag , in addition to any other flags your Operating System needs ( see the appropriate README file ) .
./configure --with-python-modules
What compiling Net -SNMP looks like :
‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑
Net ‑SNMP configuration summary : ‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑‑
SNMP Versions Supported : 1 2c 3 Net‑SNMP Version : 5.4.2.1 Building for : darwin9 Network transport support : Callback Unix TCP UDP SNMPv3 Security Modules : usm Agent MIB code : default_modules => snmpv3mibs mibII ucd_snmp notification notification ‑log‑mib target agent_mibs agentx disman / event disman / schedule utilities Embedded Perl support : enabled SNMP
Perl modules : building ‑‑ embeddable SNMP Python modules : building for / usr / local / bin / / python Authentication support : MD5 SHA1 Encryption support : DES AES ] ]
Show more
Show more icon
Look at the code in the following module , and then you will run it .
Example 3 . Multiprocess wrapper for Net-SNMP
#!/usr/bin/env python2.6 " " " This is a multiprocessing wrapper for Net‑SNMP .
This makes a synchronous API asynchronous by combining it with Python2.6 " " " import netsnmp from multiprocessing import Process , Queue , currentprocess class HostRecord ( ) : " " " This creates a host record " " " def init ( self , hostname = None , query = None ) : self.hostname = hostname self. query = query class SnmpSession ( ) : " " " A SNMP Session " " " def init ( self , oid = " sysDescr " , Version = 2 , DestHost = " localhost " , Community = " public " , Verbose = True , ) : self . oid = oid self .
Version = Version self .
DestHost = DestHost self .
Community = Community self .
Verbose = Verbose self.var = netsnmp.Varbind ( oid , 0 ) self.hostrec = HostRecord ( ) self.hostrec.hostname = self .
DestHost def query ( self ) : " " " Creates SNMP query Fills out a Host Object and returns result " " " try : result = netsnmp.snmpget(self.var , Version = self .
Version , DestHost = self .
DestHost , Community = self .
Community ) self.hostrec.query = result except Exception , err : if self .
Verbose : print err self.hostrec.query =
None finally : return self .
hostrec def makequery ( host ) : " " " This does the actual snmp query This is a bit fancy as it accepts both instances of SnmpSession and host / ip addresses .
This allows a user to customize mass queries with subsets of different hostnames and community strings " " " if isinstance ( host , SnmpSession ) : return host.query ( ) else : s = SnmpSession ( DestHost=host ) return s.query ( )
# Function run by worker processes def worker ( input , output ) : for func in iter ( input.get , ' STOP ' ) : result = makequery ( func ) output.put ( result ) def main ( ) : " " " Runs everything " " " #clients hosts = " localhost " , " localhost " NUMBEROF_PROCESSES = len( hosts ) # Create queues task_queue = Queue ( ) done_queue = Queue ( ) # submit tasks for host in hosts : task_queue.put ( host )
# Start worker processes for i in range ( NUMBER_OF_PROCESSES ) : Process ( target=worker , args =( task_queue , done_queue ) ) . start ( )
# Get and print results print ' Unordered results : ' for i in range ( len ( hosts ) ) : print ' \t ' , done_queue.get ( ) . query
# Tell child processes to stop for i in range ( NUMBER_OF_PROCESSES ) : task_queue.put ( ' STOP ') print " Stopping Process # %s " % i if __name == " __main " : main ( )
Show more
Show more icon
There are two classes , a HostRecord class and an SnmpSession class .
The SnmpSession class contains a method that actually performs a query using the SNMP library , Net - SNMP .
Because that call will block normally , you then import the multiprocessing library and run it using Process .
Additionally , pass in a task_queue and a done_queue , which serve as a way to synchronize and protect data coming into the process pool and out of the process pool .
If you are familiar with threading , you will notice this is very similar to what you would do in a threading API .
Pay special attention to the hosts list , in the section #clients in the main function .
Notice that you could potentially run asynchronous SNMP queries to 50 or 100 hosts , or more , depending on the hardware you are running on .
The NUMBER_OF_PROCESSES variable is set rather simply by just taking the number of hosts in the hosts list .
Finally , the last two sections grab the results from the queue as they are processed , and then put a “ STOP ” message into the queue that singles the processes they can die .
If you run the code on a OS X machine that has Net - SNMP listening , you get the following non-blocking output :
mac % time python multisnmp.py Unordered results : (' Darwin mac.local 9.6.0 Darwin Kernel Version 9.6.0 : Mon Nov 24 17:37:00 PST 2008 ; root : xnu‑1228.9.59~1/RELEASE_I386 i386 ' , ) ( ' Darwin mac.local 9.6.0 Darwin Kernel Version 9.6.0 : Mon Nov 24 17:37:00 PST 2008 ; root : xnu‑1228.9.59~1/RELEASE_I386 i386 ' , ) Stopping Process # 0 Stopping Process # 1 python multisnmp.py 0.18s user 0.08s system 107 % cpu 0.236 total Show more Show more icon
Configuring OS X’s SNMPD
If you want configure OS X ‘s SNMP Daemon for testing for this article , you will need to do the following .
First , rewrite the configuration file by using these three commands on the shell :
$ sudo cp /etc/snmp/snmpd.conf
/etc/snmp/snmpd.conf.bak.testing $ sudo echo " rocommunity public " >
/etc/snmp/snmpd.conf
$ sudo snmpd Show more
Show more icon
This effectively backs up your configuration , makes a new configuration , and then restarts snmpd .
The steps are similar on many UNIX platforms , except for step 3 , which involves restarting snmpd , or sending it a HUP .
If you want OS X to permanently run snmpd upon startup , you can edit this plist file to look like this :
/ System/ Library / LaunchDaemons/org.net-snmp.snmpd.plist
<?xml version = " 1.0 " encoding = " UTF ‑8 " ?>
<!
DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC " ‑// Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN " " http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList‑1.0.dtd " > plist version = " 1.0 " > < dict > < key > Disabled </ key > < false /> < key > KeepAlive</key > < true /> < key >
Label</key > < string>org.net‑snmp.snmpd</string > < key > OnDemand </ key > < false /> < key > Program</ key > < string>/usr/sbin/snmpd</string >
< key > ProgramArguments </ key > < array > < string > snmpd</string > < string >‑f</string > </ array > < key > RunAtLoad</key > < true /> < key > ServiceIPC </key > < false /> </dict > </ plist >
Show more
Show more icon
If you want to test this out on a slew of machines you have sitting around , you could easily modify it by replacing the hosts line with something like this :
hosts = [ " 192.168.1.100 " , SnmpSession ( DestHost= " example.com " , Community =" mysecret " ) , " example.net " , " example.org " ]
Show more
Show more icon
The worker function that runs the job will take both host names that are strings , and full SnmpSession objects .
Conclusion
As useful as the multiprocessing library is , you should take special note of the following items mentioned in the official documentation :
Avoid shared state ; it is often a good idea to explicitly join processes you create ; try to avoid terminating processes with shared state ; and finally make sure that all items in a queue have been removed before you join or a deadlock could occur .
There is a much more detailed list of best practices in the official documentation , and it is recommended that you read the programming resources guide in the resources on the right .
With those warnings out of the way , it is fair to say that multiprocessing is a very powerful new addition to the Python programming language .
While the limitation of the GIL with threading was once thought to be a weakness , Python has more than made up for it by including an extremely powerful and flexible multiprocessing library .
Thanks to David Goodger for doing a technical review of this article .
By Joe Conason - June 18 , 2009
Campaigning to build the widest possible consensus for reform of the nation 's health care system , Barack Obama told the delegates of the American Medical Association ( AMA ) that he wants their support , too .
Persuasive and always polite , the president did not mention the embarrassing truth about his hosts -- namely , that the AMA has undermined universal care with mindless zeal for more than 70 years .
The real question is not what the AMA will support or whether the attitudes of the AMA have changed , but why anyone would still heed its policy prescriptions .
Very few national organizations have been so wrong for so long about the matters most salient to its own members .
The AMA 's sad history dates back to the Depression of the 1930s , when progressive doctors sought to organize themselves into the first health cooperatives , or health maintenance organizations , so that they could provide care to working families under a group plan .
Seeing a threat to its own power , the AMA , in a blatant antitrust violation , prohibited members from working for those early health maintenance organizations .
During the decades that followed , the AMA dedicated millions of dollars to stopping universal health care in the United States , even as other developed nations were establishing a variety of successful systems that covered every citizen while holding down costs .
This was an obsession that the organization shared with political forces on the far right .
When President Harry Truman proposed a national health plan in 1948 , the AMA unleashed a red - baiting fury .
In The Culture of the Cold War , Stephen J. Whitfield recalls how the AMA vowed to " resist the enslavement of the medical profession , " warning that Truman was attempting to impose " a monstrosity of Bolshevik bureaucracy " on America .
In pamphlets issued to fight the Truman plan , AMA publicists included a phony quote from Lenin proclaiming " socialized medicine is the keystone to the arch of the Socialist State . "
The same pamphlets smeared supporters of Truman 's " compulsory health insurance " plan by connecting them to the Communist Party .
Having killed Truman 's bill , the AMA continued to amass enormous amounts of money for what historians say was the most massive special - interest campaign in American history from the beginning of the republic to that time .
Among the darkest episodes was its opposition to free government - sponsored distribution of the Salk polio vaccine , which the AMA and its extremist allies regarded as yet another step toward socialism .
That plan , too , was killed , depriving millions of children and adults of critical care during a national epidemic , in an act that amounted to a lobbying violation of the Hippocratic oath .
When John F. Kennedy began to work toward a national health system in 1962 , the AMA again mounted a costly and clever opposition campaign , whose estimated cost reached $ 50 million -- a lot of money in those days .
It was a stealth effort , known as Operation Coffee Cup , that relied on doctors ' wives to spread a propaganda message , taped by Ronald Reagan , among their friends and neighbors .
As always , the rhetoric was hot .
National health insurance would destroy " the sacred relationship between doctor and patient , " and even " the sanctity of human personality . "
Doctors would be " regimented and made subordinate to the bureaucrat , and the people forced by law to accept such medical care as could be provided by a politically appointed bureaucrat . "
The AMA finally met defeat in 1965 , when President Lyndon Johnson and a bipartisan coalition in Congress succeeded in passing Medicare .
By then , public support for national health insurance had swelled , leading to a massive repudiation of right - wing ideology and the Republican Party in the 1964 election .
Indeed , many Republicans realized that their party 's adherence to the AMA 's rigid opposition had led to their catastrophic electoral failure .
That lesson was lost on the AMA , whose delegates soon elected a daffy far - right doctor employed by oil billionaire H. L. Hunt as their president , with a mandate to wage total war against Medicare .
The organization has continued to fight reform even until now , helping to kill plans proposed by every Democratic president .
The AMA is like a company union that pretends to represent employees while always protecting the interest of the boss .
The result is that American doctors find themselves at the mercy of corporate insurance bureaucrats -- and that most of them no longer belong to the once - venerable organization that purports to speak for them .
If the AMA truly supports reform this time , as its leaders have announced , then it must abandon its historic subservience to corporate medicine .
These physicians are long overdue to heal themselves .
Sick Around America
WRITTEN , PRODUCED & DIRECTED BY
Jon Palfreman
Pres. BARACK OBAMA : So let there be no doubt , health care reform cannot wait , it must not wait , and it will not wait another year !
ANNOUNCER : Tonight on FRONTLINE , as the federal government begins to grapple with health care reform , FRONTLINE travels the country to investigate our broken health care system .
We meet Americans whose medical bills have driven them into bankruptcy -
PAUL STEPHENS :
So she said , " Well , you 're uninsured ? " I said , " Yes , I am . "
She said , " Well , how 're you going to pay the bill ? "
I said , " You know , that 's a real good question . "
ANNOUNCER : - and people who can't afford the treatment they need -
PATRICIA CAMPBELL :
There is n't any country in the developed world where you would have to put off major surgery because you could n't pay for it .
ANNOUNCER : - and others who are losing insurance coverage just when they need it most -
JENNIFER THOMPSON :
Three days later , I received a letter telling me that they were rescinding my coverage .
The total amount came to in excess of $ 160,000 .
ANNOUNCER : - and some who completely fall through the cracks in the system .
Dr. AMYLYN CRAWFORD : Nikki did n't die from lupus , Nikki died secondary to the complications of a failing health care system .
Prof. KAREN POLLITZ , Georgetown University :
It 's designed to cut out on you right when you need it most .
It 's like having an airbag in your car that 's made out of tissue paper .
You know , I 'm so glad that it 's there , but if I ever get in a crash , it 's not going to protect me .
ANNOUNCER : Tonight , what it 's like to be Sick Around America .
NARRATOR : Seattle , Washington , February , 2008 .
Melinda Williams , four months pregnant , wakes up in the middle of the night .
MELINDA WILLIAMS : I just knew that something was wrong , and so I flipped on the light and I found that I was laying in a pool of blood .
And I woke up Mark , and we just - we just held each other and sobbed .
We were sure we had lost the pregnancy .
NARRATOR : She 's rushed to Swedish Hospital in Seattle , where specialists do everything possible to save her baby .
Her pregnancy is stabilized , but Melinda is in and out of the hospital for the next few months .
And then at 27 weeks , her water breaks .
MELINDA WILLIAMS :
And we thought , OK , we 're just going to go in and we 're going to give birth to a baby , you know , barely halfway through our pregnancy .
NARRATOR : After a month in the hospital confined to bed , her baby , Rees , was delivered by C - section , still nine weeks premature and requiring state - of - the - art medical care .
MARK WILLIAMS : He was just wired up from head to foot .
He had wires over every part of his body monitoring his vital signs , and a huge respirator over his face .
He had a feeding tube down into his stomach .
And he just looked like a piece of electrical equipment rather than a little baby .
And he was so tiny .
He was , you know , not even four pounds .
NARRATOR : The fact that Rees survived is a testament to the quality of American health care .
But what about the cost ?
MELINDA WILLIAMS :
We got some statements while we were still in the hospital , but more bills started to come I think after we got home , when Rees was still in the hospital .
And you know , the numbers were terrifying .
I mean , if you - you can imagine that 24 - hour intensive care , including Rees was on a respirator .
He had phototherapy .
They had specialists .
They had neonatologists .
MARK WILLIAMS : Three thousand dollars , nine hundred dollars , nine hundred dollars .
We 've got two inches of bills , and I would say it 's probably somewhere between half a million dollars -
MELINDA WILLIAMS : That 's what I think , too .
MARK WILLIAMS : - and a million dollars .
We have not even added it up , but it could be close to a million dollars .
NARRATOR : Fortunately , someone else paid the bills .
The medical costs for this million - dollar baby were paid by one of the world 's most successful corporations , Microsoft , headquartered here in their campus in Redmond , Washington .
About 160 million Americans , like Mark Murray , get private health insurance through their employer , and by law they cannot be rejected or charged more just for being sick .
But not many companies are as generous as Microsoft , where employees pay nothing for their coverage .
[ www.pbs.org:
Who 's covered and how ]
LISA BRUMMEL , Human Resources , Microsoft Corp. : Really , you can say we have end - to - end support for just about every medical issue that you might face during your lifetime .
And that 's important to us because we really run the gamut of people who are just out of college , all the way through to people who are , you know , well into and toward their retirement ages .
So we really have to cover the whole spectrum .
And we find that the investment in health care keeps that entire population healthier , coming to work more often , more alert , more productive .
NARRATOR : But with health care costs rising twice as fast as inflation , such generous coverage can no longer be counted on .
And in the current economic climate , even employees like Mark Murray can be vulnerable .
In January 2009 , Microsoft staff learned that 5,000 of them would lose their jobs and the company 's legendary health coverage and all it implies .
Murray was not one them .
MARK MURRAY : How do people do this if they do n't have health insurance ?
I mean we- we were incredibly lucky .
I really believe that if it was n't for the support that we got through our health insurance that we would n't have , you know , a baby boy right now .
NARRATOR : Microsoft is , in effect , pooling the risks of any major medical costs among its 55,000 employees , many of who are young and healthy .
But outside the Microsoft campus , things can be very different , especially for smaller businesses .
Drew Altman heads Kaiser Family Foundation , one of America 's top health policy think tanks .
In addition to studying insurance , they have to find it for their 120 employees , like any other smaller business .
They faced a real challenge when one of their staff also had a million - dollar pregnancy .
DREW ALTMAN , Ph.D. , Pres. & CEO , Kaiser Family Foundation :
We offer our employees two choices of plans .
One is a very high - end PPO and the other one is an HMO - with a name that sounds a little like ours .
And so last year , we had an employee who happened to have a couple of very expensive premature babies , and the cost was in the millions of dollars .
And I came in one day to learn that our premiums from the PPO had increased by 78 percent .
We asked for justification .
Under California law , we 're not entitled to any information whatsoever .
So there we were , the most expert organization in the land on health insurance , helpless .
What did we do ?
We did what the hardware store would do or the pizza place or the dry cleaner , the only thing we could do , we switched insurers .
NARRATOR : But even with problems like that , people who get insurance through work are fortunate .
One of the harshest realities of employer - provided health insurance is that when you leave your job or are laid off , you lose your health coverage .
And with four - and - a - half million jobs lost since the recession began , it can happen to anyone .
Five years ago , Paul Stephens was living comfortably , working as a manager for a Houston - based telecommunications company .
He owned this large house .
He had comprehensive group health coverage .
Then in 2005 , when he was 58 years old , Paul Stephens was laid off .
PAUL STEPHENS :
The company dumped 600 hourly employees and one manager - me .
So I left my job , or was downsized , 1st of April of 2005 .
NARRATOR : Under the federal COBRA law , people like Paul Stephens can continue their health insurance usually for 18 months , provided they pay the entire premium .
PAUL STEPHENS : I elected not to take it because the premiums were , like , $ 750 a month , which is , you know , pretty hefty when you consider you 've got a mortgage payment and everything else going on at that time .
NARRATOR : COBRA premiums are so expensive that 90 percent of those eligible do n't use that option .
Paul Stephens says he felt sure he would soon find another job with health benefits .
But after a few months of failure , he set out to get insurance in the private individual market .
Unlike employee - based health care , in this market , the insurance companies do n't have to cover you .
In fact , they take steps to avoid anyone who 's already sick , a practice called medical underwriting .
Prof. KAREN POLLITZ :
And that means that the insurer will ask you to fill out a lengthy form , answering a lot of questions about how healthy you are now and how healthy you 've been in the past , and when 's the last time you went to the doctor and when 's the last time you took a prescription .
And you have to sign a little form that says the insurer has access to any and all medical records ever developed , ever kept about you .
And they will study up on those and decide .
If you are a good enough risk , they 'll sell you health insurance .
And if they think you 're going to cost money , generate more losses , they might turn you down .
NARRATOR : And according to Georgetown University professor Karen Pollitz , it 's not only serious conditions like diabetes and heart disease that can get you rejected .
Prof. KAREN POLLITZ : You might be surprised .
People are turned down because they have hay fever , because they have acne .
People are turned down if they 're 20 pounds overweight .
Bedwetting , I mean , ear infections in kids , things that are really common little ailments can get you into trouble when you are trying to buy an underwritten policy .
NARRATOR : As for Paul Stephens , he had a history of diabetes , so he was turned down flat in the individual market .
He then turned to Texas 's high - risk pool , the insurer of last resort .
But this required Stephens to wait 18 months , and the premiums were still expensive .
PAUL STEPHENS : I believe the premiums were $ 600 a month with a- it was either $ 5,000 or $ 10,000 deductible .
So I 'm going , " Whoa , I ca n't afford this , either . "
NARRATOR : Then , unemployed and uninsured , Paul Stephens had a heart attack and was rushed to a cardiovascular center in Houston .
PAUL STEPHENS : I had four arteries blocked .
And I told them , " I do n't want to be , you know , go into open heart surgery because that 's going to cost a big pile of money .
And here comes this woman in , in a pair of high heels , dressed to the nines , carrying a clipboard , and she goes , " Mr. Stephens ? " and I go , " Yes . "
And she said , " You did n't give us any insurance information when you checked in . "
And I said , " Well , I do n't have any to give . "
So she said , " Well , you 're uninsured ? "
And I said , " Yes , I am . "
She said , " Well , how 're you going to pay the bill ? "
I said , " You know , that 's a real good question . "
NARRATOR : Paul Stephens was treated and his life saved , but the bills came to over $ 200,000 .
After struggling to pay for a few months , he sold his house and almost all his possessions and declared bankruptcy .
Too rich to qualify for Medicaid , too young for Medicare , Paul Stephens moved to Indiana to live in his mother 's house .
A Harvard Law School study estimates about 700,000 Americans go bankrupt each year partly because of medical bills .
No other developed country 's health care system lets that happen .
PAUL STEPHENS : Thankfully , this house was here .
It was my mother's .
And otherwise , I 'd be living under a bridge somewhere , quite frankly .
So I was able to come and I was able to pick up a few jobs that I could make a few dollars at .
NARRATOR : Paul Stephens 's plan now : wait to grow old enough for Medicare .
PAUL STEPHENS : I'm 63 .
I 've got two more years and Medicare can kick in .
And then I can go and get some extensive health care , perhaps , or whatever .
So I 'm really rolling the dice until I 'm 65 , at this point , and gambling that I 'm going to make it .
NARRATOR : As millions lose their company - sponsored health insurance , many Americans will find themselves in this individual market .
In any given three - year period , one in four Americans will spend some time here , transitioning between jobs .
And if you 've ever been sick , it 's a challenging place to be , even if you 're the CEO of an insurance company .
GEORGE HALVORSON , Chmn. & CEO , Kaiser Foundation Health Plan : I personally am uninsurable .
I could n't get insurance .
I could not get insurance .
I 've had heart surgery , and so I am completely uninsurable in the private market .
So it 's important that I keep my job .
NARRATOR : Karen Ignagni , who heads the health insurance industry lobbying group , has the same dilemma .
KAREN IGNAGNI , Pres. & CEO , America 's Health Ins .
Plans : I have n't tried to buy individual health insurance in D.C. , but it may be very hard because I have a serious condition with respect to asthma .
I may have to wait 12 months for coverage , number one , or I may find that I 'm out of the system altogether .
NARRATOR : Medical underwriting in the private market spares no one .
It enables the insurance companies to avoid the sick and select the healthy .
That may be a good business model , but it 's hard for people with any history of illness .
Often , they are forced to seek jobs just for the health benefits .
Twenty - three year old Matt Johnson works at Menards , a regional home improvement store near Minneapolis .
But this was n't his first choice of job .
A gifted student , Matt recently graduated from Concordia College and had his heart set on a career in industrial chemistry .
But in his final year of college , he had a health crisis .
MATT JOHNSON : About a month into my final semester , I started getting sick .
In three weeks , I lost about 21 pounds , so a pound a day .
NARRATOR : Matt was diagnosed with severe ulcerative colitis .
To save his life , doctors put him on a regimen of powerful and very expensive drugs .
As a full - time student , Matt was still covered by his parents ' family plan .
But weeks after he graduated , Matt lost that insurance and faced monthly drug bills of nearly $ 1,000 and costly physician visits .
So he tried to find individual coverage .
MATT JOHNSON : We looked at some of the individual health insurance policies , but most of them were either astronomically expensive or did not cover pre-existing conditions .
NARRATOR : Matt realized he needed a job with good health insurance immediately , so he put his career dreams on hold and went to work for Menards .
Its comprehensive health plan covers everything and costs
Matt only about $ 200 a month .
Matt has found life - saving health care by temporarily trading in his dreams .
But for now , he 's locked in his job .
And even this job , which six months ago looked secure , seems less so in a global recession .
Prof. KAREN POLLITZ :
There are people who stay in jobs .
We still have job lock .
There are people who stay in marriages - a friend of mine called that " slob lock " - [ laughs ] because they just can't afford to divorce their health insurance .
They just can't afford to .
I think people do make kind of heroic changes in their lives , take a job or keep a job that they do n't want , decisions about getting married , decisions about retiring , driven by health insurance .
That 's- that 's got to be a drag on our whole - our whole society , at some point .
[ www.pbs.org: Watch this program on line ]
NARRATOR : Sometimes people simply have to leave a job and look for insurance on their own .
For healthy Americans with no pre-existing medical conditions , there are many new products to choose from , so - called consumer - directed health plans , cheap enough for anyone on a tight budget .
But there are trade - offs , as Patricia Campbell of San Diego found out .
Three years ago , Campbell left her well - paid job in the L.A. television industry , which carried full health benefits .
She moved to San Diego to care for her mother with Alzheimer's .
Campbell found an individual policy with monthly premiums of only $ 248 .
PATRICIA CAMPBELL : I got the insurance because I had to be there for my mother .
You know , I mean , I just would not want to put her in a home .
I just would n't do it .
So it just seemed like a good option at the time , even though the deductible was a completely ridiculous $ 7,500 , you know ?
NARRATOR : Campbell 's plan not only had an annual $ 7,500 deductible , on top of that , she would have to pay 40 percent of any hospital bills .
Then in September 2007 , she got appendicitis and went in for surgery .
While her insurance saved her from the full costs of the operation , she was left with a $ 6,000 bill , which for now she 's paying off with credit cards .
Several months later , she got some more bad news .
Doctors found a cataract in her left eye that needed surgery .
But she 's decided to forego the operation until she 's paid off what she owes for her appendectomy .
PATRICIA CAMPBELL : I 'm having to make a decision between , you know , the procedure and the reality of my finances , of budget .
It does cause problems .
I get nervous driving at night because , basically , you know , one eye is not so good .
I 'm grateful that I had the insurance for when I had my appendectomy .
But there is n't any country in the developed world where you would have to put off major surgery because you could n't pay for it .
[ www.pbs.org: Advice for the consumer ]
NARRATOR : Unlike the comprehensive coverage of many large employers , consumer - directed health plans are loaded with caveats - high deductibles , co-insurance , co-payments .
Some do n't cover drugs and some have caps that limit what can be spent even in a catastrophe .
Prof. KAREN POLLITZ : Some people have come into the system and bought coverage that 's junk .
As many as 25 million Americans may be underinsured .
They may be out there with policies that really wo n't take care of them if they get very sick , that will still leave them bankrupt and without access to health care .
NARRATOR : The individual insurance market is a tough place to be if you 've been ill or if you can't afford comprehensive coverage .
But even for people who can afford good coverage in this market , that does n't mean their troubles are over .
Jennifer Thompson is a realtor from Palm Desert .
Until 2004 , she got insurance through her husband , Reed .
After he died of cancer , she continued coverage through the COBRA option for three years , and then when that was exhausted , sought insurance in the individual market .
In 2007 , she says , she had a full physical and then filled out a form with an agent over the phone for an individual policy with Blue Cross of California .
JENNIFER THOMPSON :
It was at that time that I mentioned to him that I had been diagnosed and treated for breast cancer back in 1996 .
And at that point , he explained to me that that did n't matter because this particular policy required only a 10 - year health history , and as that had all taken place prior to the 10 years , that we did not need to mention it .
NARRATOR : Thompson got a letter from Blue Cross accepting her .
It read -
JENNIFER THOMPSON : " Congratulations .
You have been approved for coverage with Blue Cross of California , the most recognizable name in health coverage .
The immediate value of your coverage is peace of mind . "
NARRATOR : But soon after signing up , Thompson faced a new crisis .
JENNIFER THOMPSON : I happened to be diagnosed within a month of changing companies with some further cancer which required surgery .
I was hospitalized for six days for the surgery and arrived home just before Christmas .
And it was three days later that I received a letter from Blue Cross telling me that they were rescinding my policy retroactively back to the very beginning and would cover me for none of the procedures which I 'd needed to have done .
NARRATOR : And then the medical bills started to arrive .
JENNIFER THOMPSON :
The total amount came to in excess of $ 160,000 .
Your head spins .
You do n't know what to do .
You really and truly - I did n't know what to do .
I had no clue how to begin to tackle this problem that I had - landed firmly in my lap .
Did n't know what to do .
NARRATOR : So why did Blue Cross rescind her policy ?
JENNIFER THOMPSON :
They told me that I had failed to disclose that I had been bleeding prior to changing from one insurance company to another .
I had indeed had a very minute amount of spotting , which I had mentioned to the doctor when I went for my annual physical .
And all of my tests - my pap smear was clear , my cancer test , blood work was clear , everything was clear .
And that is the basis of this whole debacle .
NARRATOR : WellPoint , which owns Blue Cross , Thompson 's insurer , says they can't discuss cases like hers because they 're in litigation .
Sam Nussbaum is their chief medical officer .
SAMUEL NUSSBAUM , M.D. , Exec. VP & Chief Medical Officer , WellPoint : I believe that people should get care for their cancer .
I believe people should get care for their heart disease .
But I do n't believe people should misrepresent , if that was the situation , on an application what was n't true .
NARRATOR : We reminded him that Blue Cross did n't check her records until after she filed a claim for medical expenses .
SAMUEL NUSSBAUM : Yeah , and I - and I can't speak to that circumstance .
But what I can speak to is , first , no one , no one ever likes to see a situation like this .
People are buying health security .
NARRATOR : Bruce Bodaken is CEO of Blue Shield of California , a separate insurance company .
It also practices rescission .
BRUCE BODAKEN , Chmn. , Pres. & CEO , Blue Shield of CA :
We do n't focus on this .
This is a- is - is not a big part of what we do .
It 's a tiny part of what we do , but let 's stop it altogether .
NARRATOR : So we asked , if you think the insurance industry should stop rescission , why does n't Blue Shield just stop ?
BRUCE BODAKEN :
The system that we 're playing in now is a voluntary system , and so people come in and out of that system when they need coverage .
So right now , we do take an effort of looking at their health status .
We do n't think that 's the right way to go .
We wish we could change it .
We wish , as a single company , we could simply stop doing that .
But if we did it as a single company , we 'd go out of business .
NARRATOR : Much of what we know about rescission has surfaced thanks to the reporting of L.A. Times reporter Lisa Girion .
Insurance companies say the basic justification for rescission is to protect them against fraud .
LISA GIRION , Los Angeles Times : Fraud means that an individual knew something , was aware of something , and did n't put it down .
They were trying to put one over on the insurance company .
But that is not what typically is happening in these rescission cases that I uncovered .
It would be something where individuals would fill out an application and the question would be , " Do you have a mental illness ? "
And they would say , " No , I 'm not mentally ill . "
And the thing that they get rescinded for is being on Prozac for six months after their father 's death 10 years ago .
You know , a brief period of grieving did n't seem to be , you know , the answer to the question , " Are you mentally ill ? "
NARRATOR : Most insurers practice rescission .
It turned out that Jennifer Thompson 's insurer , Blue Cross , has an entire department dedicated to investigating people who had filed substantial medical claims .
Girion 's reporting revealed that another California insurer , Health Net , took it even further .
LISA GIRION : What some people described as a smoking gun was the discovery through litigation that Health Net had actually paid bonuses to their employee who was in charge of rescissions , based in part on how many rescissions she carried out in a given year .
And in some years , it was how many rescissions she carried out , and in other years , it was how much money those rescissions allowed the company to avoid paying .
NARRATOR : Girion 's articles caused something of a PR disaster for the California health insurance industry .
They triggered state regulators to go after the big players .
And recently , several insurers , including Health Net , Blue Cross , and Blue Shield have agreed to a major settlement reversing thousands of rescissions and reinstating policyholders , while not admitting any fault .
But the practice , which affects at least 1 in 100 policy holders in the individual market , continues across the country .
As for Jennifer Thompson , she 's now pretty much uninsurable in the private market in California , but she 's hoping she 'll be reinstated by Blue Cross soon .
JENNIFER THOMPSON : Sitting in the United States without health insurance at my age is just a very , very scary place to be .
And really , based on that , I have had to make a decision and I have decided I 'm going to return back to New Zealand for a year or two until such time as I get some sort of resolution with this or perhaps until I am of an age when I can get coverage with Medicare .
Prof. KAREN POLLITZ , Georgetown University : I mean , it 's kind of an irony .
We buy health insurance in case we get sick , but health insurance is profitable when it covers people who do n't make claims .
Insurers lose money when people make claims .
In fact , those are referred to as losses .
And you can get a lot of pushback if you make claims for insurance .
NARRATOR : Pollitz and other experts argue that a fairer system would be to require companies cover everyone , just as Microsoft covers all its employees and just as other developed countries do for all their citizens , what insurers call " guaranteed issue . "
That 's just what many states tried in the '90s .
But they ran into a big problem .
Given the choice , many Americans wo n't sign up for insurance .
They 'll behave like this man , Chaim Benamor .
He 's a self - employed Baltimore renovator and he avoided buying insurance until he absolutely needed it .
CHAIM BENAMOR : Well , I never had health insurance , you know , because I was young and healthy and I did n't feel like I needed it , so , you know - never been sick , never been in a hospital .
NARRATOR : Then , aged 51 , returning from a trip to Israel , he had a heart attack .
CHAIM BENAMOR : And when I got to the hospital , they did all this examination , and when they put the dye through the heart arteries , they saw that I had a 95 percent blockage .
And they put the stents and put me on medication for a long time , for the rest of my life , I think .
You know , I got home from the hospital and I said , " I 've got to get insurance . "
This is the Plavix , 75 milligram .
That keeps me alive .
NARRATOR : But he found that no insurance company wanted to take him .
CHAIM BENAMOR : I 'll have to get it with my credit card .
NARRATOR : It 's not hard to see why .
He 'd need heart medicines for life , costing at least $ 300 a month , plus he was at high risk for another heart attack .
Benamor is an insurance executive 's nightmare .
GEORGE HALVORSON , Chmn. & CEO , Kaiser Foundation Health Plan :
You get incredible selection in the individual market .
People wait until they have cancer before they enroll .
They wait until they 're pregnant before they enroll .
So if you only wait until they are very sick before they enroll , the cost of premium has to be very high .
I mean , literally , if the 1 percent of the population , or 35 percent of the costs , are the only people who enroll , then the monthly premium to break even is $ 10,000 .
So it 's very expensive .
NARRATOR : Premiums soared in states with guaranteed issue .
So in the end , most states , including Maryland , dropped it .
Now only five still do it - New York , New Jersey , Maine , Vermont and Massachusetts .
SAMUEL NUSSBAUM , M.D. , Exec. VP & Chief Medical Officer , WellPoint : Let 's look at those states that have said everyone who comes needs to be insured .
And there are five states that have what 's termed " guarantee issue . "
And if we look at the average premium for those states in the individual market , that premium is three times higher on average , maybe $ 600 $ 700 in some cases , versus a premium where the insurance market has allowed medical underwriting .
[ www.pbs.org: Read Dr. Nussbaum's Interview ]
NARRATOR : But other developed countries guarantee coverage for everyone .
We asked Karen Ignagni why it can't work here .
KAREN IGNAGNI , Pres. & CEO , America 's Health Ins .
Plans :
Well , it would work if we did what other countries do , which is to have a mandate that everybody participate .
And if everybody 's in , then it 's quite reasonable to ask our industry to do guaranteed issue , to get everybody in .
So the answer to your question is we can , and the public here will have to agree to do what the public in other countries have done , which is a consensus that everybody should be in .
NARRATOR : That 's what other developed countries do , they make insurers cover everyone and they make all citizens buy insurance , and the poor are subsidized .
But America still has a complicated patchwork of private insurance for individuals and employees and public programs like Medicare and Medicaid .
And sometimes , people fall through the cracks in the system .
Take the story of Nikki White .
It 's a story about lupus , a very serious chronic autoimmune disease , which if left untreated , can be fatal .
When she was 21 , Monique White , known as Nikki , learned she had lupus .
After leaving the University of Texas , where she 'd studied psychology , she found she was no longer covered by her parents ' health insurance , and so Nikki found jobs that carried health benefits , working stints at a local book shop in Austin and a hospital trauma unit .
But in 2001 , her lupus worsened and she moved back home to Bristol , Tennessee , to live with her parents , abandoning her dream of becoming a doctor .
She had no health insurance and her parents say they could n't afford the rapidly escalating medical costs .
Her primary care physician was Dr. Amylyn Crawford .
Dr. AMYLYN CRAWFORD : I think one of the great things as being a physician is finding a patient or an individual who is invested in understanding their disease , their disease process , and really wanting to take control and be responsible for their own health .
And Nikki was absolutely one of those individuals .
She had hopes and dreams but just was unfortunate to have lupus .
NARRATOR : Dr. Crawford told us that most lupus patients can be treated .
Dr. AMYLYN CRAWFORD : Ideally , her symptoms could be controlled , her lupus could be controlled , and she could go on to do some of the things that she or we would all expect that someone her age would be able to do .
NARRATOR : But it did n't work out that way .
Outside the employer - based system , Nikki was uninsurable and she could n't afford the costly medicines and regular visits to specialists vital for treating lupus .
In 2003 , Nikki secured coverage with TennCare , Tennessee 's Medicaid plan for the poor and disabled .
But in 2005 , following state budget cuts , Nikki was told she was no longer qualified and her benefits would end .
Over the next few months , sick and scared , Nikki appealed her case in letters describing her desperate situation , but she got nowhere .
Her condition worsened .
In November 2005 , with pancreatitis and failing kidneys , she was rushed to the emergency room of Bristol Regional Medical Center .
Over the next 10 weeks , she underwent 26 operations to remove dead tissue from her internal organs , racking up nearly $ 900,000 in medical bills she could n't possibly pay .
Then she learned that she could get a private insurance policy under a federal law that mandated a continuation of the coverage she 'd received from Medicaid .
But the new policy was expensive and had a high deductible .
She took it anyway and was flown to Duke University Hospital for further surgery .
But her lupus was too advanced , and in May 2006 , Nikki died .
Ironically , eight days later , TennCare sent a letter .
There 'd been a mistake .
They should not have told Nikki she 'd been thrown off Medicaid after all .
Dr. AMYLYN CRAWFORD : I 'm not afraid to say it .
I believe in my heart that if Nikki had not lost her insurance , she would be alive today .
I find it highly ironic that a society that denied her health care , then all of a sudden spent hundreds of thousands of dollars for her to be in the intensive care unit and to undergo all of these treatments and all of these interventions that still failed to be able to heal her and let her have the life that she really needed .
Nikki did n't die from lupus .
Nikki died secondary to the complications of a failing health care system .
NARRATOR : According to a study by the National Academy of Sciences , around 20,000 Americans die each year because they can't get the health care they need .
We asked Karen Ignagni if that was acceptable to the health insurance industry .
KAREN IGNAGNI : No .
It 's a tragedy .
We 've been at the front of the line , one of the first organizations two years ago to propose a strategy to get all Americans covered .
It ca n't stand .
It 's the wrong thing .
And from a perspective of productivity , social policy , and what is the right thing to do , we need to prioritize health care reform and we need to do it urgently .
NARRATOR : These days , the insurance industry is talking a lot about change .
They say if every American is required to buy insurance , they 'll agree to cover everyone and that then the cost of health insurance will come down .
Dale and Alison Abrams live in Great Barrington , Massachusetts , with their kids , Quinn and Eliza .
Like many Americans , they had long struggled to afford health insurance .
Both were self - employed , she as a grant administrator , he as a realtor .
Their combined annual income was just over $ 63,000 .
Then in 2006 , when they heard that the state of Massachusetts was launching a major new health care reform program , they were hopeful .
DALE ABRAMS :
The prospect of having a state - run health care program definitely gave us hope and optimism that we would be able to get into a better situation because previously , we'd been scrambling with multiple jobs where we were self - employed and trying to make ends meet and paying all of it ourselves .
And so the prospect of getting help there was something we greatly hoped for .
NARRATOR : The new plan required insurers to provide health care policies to all Massachusetts residents .
And in turn , everyone was mandated to buy approved comprehensive insurance or pay a fine , about $ 1,000 this year .
Poor people were subsidized and cut -rate consumer plans were not allowed .
The plan has been in effect now for nearly three years .
JUDY ANN BIGBY , M.D. , Secy. of Health & Human Services , MA : It 's going really well .
We now estimate that we cover about 97.4 percent of people in Massachusetts , so we clearly have the lowest rate of uninsureds in the United States .
And since health care reform , we estimate that about 400,000 - plus people are newly insured .
NARRATOR : But it did n't solve the problem for families like the Abramses because even though they were now guaranteed insurance , they say they still could n't afford it .
DALE ABRAMS : Through the state , you could purchase private insurance , but the rates were still astronomical .
I mean , they were , you know , like any private insurance , $ 800 for a family up to $ 1,700 .
And you know , the plans that we would - we finally went with was about $ 1,100 to $ 1,200 a month , which was really , really difficult because that was , you know , three times our food budget and almost half - you know , twice our mortgage .
And it was just crazy .
NARRATOR : Massachusetts has a sliding scale of subsidies for people earning up to three times the poverty level .
For a family of four in 2006 , that was a little more than $ 60,000 .
So by that standard , the Abramses were just over the limit .
We asked Health Secretary Bigby if they had created an impossible situation for families like this .
JUDY ANN BIGBY : Somebody earning over $ 63,000 a year would be deemed to have enough income to afford the lowest priced product that is available through the Connector if they have to buy it on their own .
NARRATOR : But the State of Massachusetts ' official health care Web site , the Connector , says different .
It says a family earning $ 63,000 should have to spend no more than a $ 352 monthly premium .
But no such policy exists .
The cheapest policy for a family like the Abramses costs over $ 800 a month .
So eventually , Alison was forced to find a job with employee benefits .
DALE ABRAMS :
We definitely made decisions in the last couple years to find a job that that at least one of us had health care at least partially covered by the employer .
ROBERT LASZEWSKI , Health Care Industry Consultant :
So you go to a family making $ 65,000 a year and you say , " You are mandated to buy health insurance .
And by the way , it 's going to cost you $ 8,000 for your family . "
Well , that - well , you just solved the guarantee issue problem because now you 've got everybody in the pool , except that you do n't have everybody in the pool because as Massachusetts found , they had to back off on the mandate because you can't force a family to pay that .
[ www.pbs.org: More on the Mass. plan ]
NARRATOR : The Massachusetts experiment has revealed a basic truth , that changing health care is not just about covering everyone , it 's also about controlling medical costs .
Massachusetts has among the highest medical costs in the country and insurance premiums there have been rising at about 10 percent a year .
According to Dr. Tom Delbanco , professor of medicine and primary care at Harvard Medical School , a leader in patient - centered care , all the major stakeholders in the health care system are responsible for the runaway costs .
TOM DELBANCO , M.D. , Harvard Medical School : Some of the doctors I think make too much money .
Some of the institutions make too much money .
Some of the pharmaceutical companies bring in too many dollars .
Some of the insurance industry for sure makes too much money .
I think a lot of doctors are angry about them .
And in the end , it adds up to an awful lot of money .
NARRATOR : Other developed countries bar health insurance companies from making profits on basic care and cap their administrative costs .
Prof. UWE REINHARDT , Princeton University : Our payment system is so administratively complex - every patient knows that , just the claims processing - that we spend about 24 percent of every health care dollar goes to administration .
In other countries , like Canada , it would be less than half that .
And in Taiwan , for example , it 's much , much less .
So administration , because we seem to prefer this mishmash of private insurance plans that are simply unwieldy , eats a huge chunk .
If we could cut administrative costs in half , we would have more than enough money to cover all the uninsured .
ROBERT LASZEWSKI :
If you really want to contain health care costs , well , what 's a health care cost ?
It 's a doctor 's fee .
It 's a hospital charge .
It 's just exactly how many services the consumer gets .
I mean , that 's the heart of the cost of health care .
And yeah , you can talk about our administrative costs are too high , and they are , but fundamentally , where are our costs ?
And if you want to contain those costs , then you have to contain doctor costs and you have to contain hospital costs .
NARRATOR : Many developed governments do this by setting prices for all doctor , lab and hospital fees and requiring evidence of effectiveness before paying for new medical technologies .
DREW ALTMAN , Ph.D. , Kaiser Family Foundation :
The principal driver behind the rates of increase that we see in our country in health care costs are the advances in medical technology .
So in some European countries , they 've developed mechanisms to make judgments about which medical technologies actually bring new benefits for people and which ones just would bring new profits for whoever made them .
We do n't really have a way to do that in our country .
NARRATOR : President Obama has made reducing costs a centerpiece of his health care reform plan .
Pres. BARACK OBAMA : By a wide margin , the biggest threat to our nation 's balance sheet is the skyrocketing cost of health care .
It 's not even close .
That 's why we cannot delay this discussion any longer .
NARRATOR : On March 6th , he invited all the stakeholders to a health care summit at the White House .
Pres. BARACK OBAMA : So it 's not going to be easy , and there are going to be false starts and setbacks and mistakes along the way .
But I 'm confident if we come together and work together , we will finally achieve what generations of Americans have fought for and fulfill the promise of health care in our time .
SUMMIT PARTICIPANT : Speaking on behalf of over 100,000 family doctors , we 're ready to do our part .
NARRATOR : The doctors and hospitals were there -
SUMMIT PARTICIPANT : - that we need to expand coverage in this country to everyone -
SUMMIT PARTICIPANT : I 'm honored to be here representing small business -
NARRATOR : - along with consumers and business groups -
SUMMIT PARTICIPANT : - key role in this debate -
SUMMIT PARTICIPANT :
We want to work with you .
We want to work with the members of Congress on a bipartisan basis here -
NARRATOR : - and of course , the insurance industry .
All said they are now committed to reform .
SUMMIT PARTICIPANT : - you have our commitment to play , to contribute and to help pass health care reform this year .
Pres. BARACK OBAMA : Good .
Thank you , Karen .
That 's good news .
That 's America 's health insurance plans .
JEFFREY KANG , M.D. , Chief Medical Officer , CIGNA Corp. :
In part , I think everyone now understands it 's not sustainable , right ?
From an insurance perspective , it 's not sustainable .
From a business or economic perspective , it 's not sustainable .
Obviously , from the consumers ' perspective , it 's not sustainable .
And I actually think the doctors and the hospitals understand that it 's not sustainable .
So I think we 're at a confluence of forces that people are really willing to work together to - for a solution .
Pres. BARACK OBAMA : Imagine the pride when we go back to our constituencies next year and say , " You know what ?
We finally got something done on health care . "
That 's something that 's worth fighting for , and I hope all of you fight for it .
DREW ALTMAN :
This is the next big opportunity for health reform since that great debate about the Clinton health reform in the early '90s .
And the question is again , pointedly , whether we will blow the opportunity again this time or we will actually get it all done or get something significant done .
NARRATOR : Given the cast of characters , forging a deal wo n't be easy .
ROBERT LASZEWSKI :
We have a $ 2.2 trillion health care system full of vested interests , stakeholders and lobbyists .
And you know , I have yet to meet a doctor who thinks he should take less .
Every doctor I meet says he 's underpaid .
I 've yet to meet a hospital executive who thinks he can operate - he or she can operate on less .
I have yet to meet a patient who 's willing to sacrifice care .
Every patient I 've ever met in the United States equates quality care with access to whatever they want .
I have n't met anybody that 's willing to take less .
And until we 're willing to have that conversation , we 're just sort of nibbling around the edges .
TOM DELBANCO , M.D. , Harvard Medical School :
Other nations have said , " We are going to cover our citizenry and we 're going to work backwards from that . "
We should make a moral decision that all our citizenry has health care , and then after that , we 'll have to get downright dirty , roll up our sleeves , figure out how to do it , but say that it 's a given that we will do it .
Then we may be able to come up with a system that 's better than what we have now and is certainly much more equitable .
MELINDA WILLIAMS : Our hope would be that by the time Rees is an adult and out in the world on his own that he wo n't even have to choose a job based on the kind of health care he can receive , that our country will have finally kind of gotten it together and realized that this is a crisis and that people need to be covered for a health crises .
Our hope is that Rees and all the other children who are babies right now , when they 're adults , the situation will have finally been resolved and that , you know , we 'll have a health care system that works for everybody and not just the people who are lucky enough to have a great job .
Sick Around America
WRITTEN , PRODUCED & DIRECTED BY
Jon Palfreman
CO - PRODUCER
Kate McMahon
DIRECTOR OF PHOTOGRAPHY
Mark Rublee
EDITOR
Jon Neuburger
ORIGINAL MUSIC
Cal Scott
NARRATED BY
Will Lyman
ASSOCIATE PRODUCER
Samantha Grant
ONLINE EDITOR
Michael H. Amundson
SOUND MIX
Christopher D. Anderson
TRANSCRIBERS
Johanna Kovitz
Karen Weitzel
SPECIAL THANKS
Gail and Tony Deal
Jane Zhang
Kevin Sack
Vanessa Fuhrmans
William Shernoff
Donna Partin
Kathy Gaona
Karen Larson
Swedish Medical Center , Seattle
National Federation of Independent Business
Oregonians for Health Security
Menards , Inc .
Physicians for a National Health Program
California Nurses Association
Oregon Health Sciences University
Families USA
AARP
Neighborhood Health Centers of Seattle
Macalester College
Washington State Ferries
Oregonians for Health Security
ARCHIVAL MATERIAL
Asbury Park Press
Atlanta Business Chronicle
Inland Empire Business Journal
Seattle Times
The Oregonian
Los Angeles Times
CMSP
ABC News Videosource
CNN
FOR FRONTLINE
DIRECTOR OF BROADCAST
Tim Mangini
POST PRODUCTION
DIRECTOR
Chris Fournelle
ON AIR PROMOTION
PRODUCER
Missy Frederick
AVID EDITORS
Jim Ferguson
John MacGibbon
Michael H. Amundson
Chad Ervin
ASSISTANT EDITORS
Mark Dugas
Tyrra Turner
POST PRODUCTION
ASSISTANT
Megan McGough
SERIES MUSIC
Mason Daring
Martin Brody
SENIOR PUBLICIST
Diane Buxton
PUBLICIST
Alissa Rooney
OUTREACH MANAGER
Sandy St. Louis
INTERACTIVE MARKETER
Jessica Smith
PROMOTION DESIGNER
Peter Lyons
PROMOTION ASSISTANT
Beth Lowell
SECRETARY
Christopher Kelleher
PRODUCTION SECRETARY
Carla Borras
COMPLIANCE MANAGER
Lisa Palone
LEGAL
Eric Brass
Jay Fialkov
Janice Flood
Scott Kardel
CONTRACTS MANAGER
Lisa Sullivan
UNIT MANAGER
Mary Sullivan
BUSINESS MANAGER
Tobee Phipps
WEBSITE DESIGNER
Maya Carmel
WEBSITE ASSOCIATE DEVELOPER
Bill Rockwood
WEBSITE RESEARCH ASSISTANTS
Gretchen Gavett
David Kieley
WEBSITE PRODUCER
Richard Parr
WEBSITE COORDINATING
PRODUCER
Sarah Moughty
DIRECTOR OF NEW MEDIA
AND TECHNOLOGY
Sam Bailey
COORDINATING PRODUCER
Robin Parmelee
STORY EDITOR
Catherine Wright
SENIOR PRODUCER
SPECIAL PROJECTS
Sharon Tiller
SENIOR EDITOR
Ken Dornstein
EDITORIAL DIRECTOR
Marrie Campbell
SERIES MANAGER
Jim Bracciale
SENIOR PRODUCER
Raney Aronson - Rath
EXECUTIVE EDITOR
Louis Wiley Jr.
EXECUTIVE PRODUCER
SPECIAL PROJECTS
Michael Sullivan
EXECUTIVE PRODUCER
David Fanning
A FRONTLINE co-production with the Palfreman Film Group
© 2009
WGBH EDUCATIONAL FOUNDATION
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
FRONTLINE is a production of WGBH Boston , which is solely responsible for its content .
ANNOUNCER : This report continues at our Web site , where you can watch the full program again on line , read the interviews with industry insiders and policy experts , explore a consumer section on how to navigate the world of private health insurance and where to get help , examine the successes and shortcomings of one state 's attempt at universal coverage , and then join the discussion at PBS.org .
Next time on FRONTLINE -
- You 're talking about the center of legitimate power .
ANNOUNCER : - an invisible world -
- I 've spent of tens of millions of dollars bribing government officials -
ANNOUNCER : - international bribery -
- What happens with black money is people steal it because they can .
ANNOUNCER : - and international scandal .
- So we 're talking about billions .
- Yes .
ANNOUNCER : Lowell Bergman investigates .
- You 're busy poking around .
It 's got nothing to do with you .
You should mind your own business .
ANNOUNCER : Black Money .
To order FRONTLINE 's Sick Around America on DVD , visit Shoppbs.org , or call 1-800 - PLAY - PBS . [ $ 24.99 & s/ h ]
FRONTLINE is made possible by contributions to your PBS station from viewers like you .
Thank you .
With major funding from the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation , committed to building a more just , verdant and peaceful world .
And additional funding from the Park Foundation .
Additional funding for this program is provided by the Colorado Health Foundation , the Colorado Trust , the Commonwealth Fund .
And by Disney Nature Films Presents Earth , in movie theaters this Earth Day , Wednesday , April 22nd .
Swiss scientist - adventurer and pilot Bertrand Piccard gestures as he unveils the ' Solar Impulse ' airplane during a ceremony on June 26 , 2009 in Duebendorf near Zurich .
Piccard 's solar - powered plane and the Solar Impulse team are aiming to demonstrate that reliance on renewable energy is not a pipedream .
Round - the - world balloooning pioneer Bertrand Piccard unveiled his solar - powered aircraft in Switzerland on Friday , ready for another trend - setting circumnavigation of the globe powered solely by the sun .
The wasp - shaped prototype of Solar Impulse , with the wingspan of a jumbo jet , was rolled out before some 800 guests at an airfield near Zurich after six years of development .
Ten years after Piccard and Briton Brian Jones achieved the first non-stop flight around the globe in the Orbiter balloon , the Solar Impulse team are aiming to demonstrate that reliance on renewable energy is not a pipedream .
" If an aircraft is able to fly day and night without fuel , propelled solely by solar energy , let no one come and claim that it is impossible to do the same thing for motor vehicles , heating and air conditioning systems and computers , " Piccard said .
Although computer simulations have been tried out , the prototype HB - SIA will make its maiden test flight by the end of this year .
Its mission is to test the feasibility of a complete flight sequence through two days and one night , propelled only by solar energy , and pave the say for a second aircraft 's bid to fly around the world in five stages in 2012 .
The Swiss adventurer -- who is again joined by Jones -- said the idea emerged after that 19 day hot air balloon trip , when Orbiter was partly kept aloft by fuel canisters even if the wind ensured its progress eastwards .
" That historic success could have turned sour because of the lack of fuel , " Piccard said at the Dubendorf airfield .
" That 's why we took the decision to to attempt a trip around the world without relying on fossil fuels , " he explained .
The seemingly flimsy carbon fibre concentrate of new technology has a 63.4 metre wingspan but weighs little more than a medium sized car .
Some 12,000 solar cells spread over its slender wings are meant to keep it aloft , fuelling four tiny ten horsepower electric motors and 400 kilogrammes of batteries that are , unusually , meant to keep it going overnight .
Wedged in the narrow cockpit , the lone pilot will also be helped to fly Solar Impulse by some novel control technology .
" Those are the wings of hope .
They are immense , as is the challenge we have to meet in climate protection , " said Swiss Transport , Energy and Environment Minister Moritz Leunberger .
( c ) 2009 AFP
Explore further Sun-Powered Aircraft To Support Sustainable Development
Progressive Conservatives today elected Niagara - area MPP
Tim Hudak as their new leader , charting a new right - wing course for a party that has struggled while moored in the political centre for the past seven years .
In a third - ballot victory at the PC convention in Markham , Hudak , 41 , bested MPP Frank Klees , 58 , ( Newmarket - Aurora ) , winning 5,606 of 10,250 electoral votes cast in 107 ridings in the preferential - ballot contest .
The married father of a toddler won by securing the second - choice votes of also - ran MPPs Christine Elliott , 54 , ( Whitby - Oshawa ) and Randy Hillier , 51 , ( Lanark - Frontenac - Lennox and Addington ) .
He will lead the Tories to battle against Premier Dalton McGuinty Liberals in the 2011 election .
Heir apparent to former premier Mike Harris , who governed Ontario from 1995 until 2002 , Hudak plans to steer the party back to the right following politically unsuccessful forays to the centre by former premier Ernie Eves , leader from 2002 to 2004 , and John Tory , who led from 2004 until his surprise defeat in a March 5 by - election in Haliburton .
Hudak , front - runner throughout the campaign , led on all three ballots in the contest , which ended up being something of an " Anybody But Klees " vote .
After the second ballot at the party 's convention this afternoon in Markham , Hudak had secured 4,128 of 10,332 electoral votes .
Klees , a social conservative who was backed by a coalition of evangelical Christians , anti-abortion activists , and new Canadians , sat in a second with 3,299 electoral votes and Elliott was third with 2,903 .
Senior Elliott campaign sources had told the Star that her supporters would break " two to one for Hudak . "
Elliott herself remained publicly neutral after dropping out .
" There are two good candidates left in the race , " she said as she exited the convention room floor with her husband Finance Minister Jim Flaherty at her side .
" Of course , you always want to win but I am happy with how the campaign went and the race we ran , " said Elliott , who put on a brave face .
On the first ballot , announced around 11 a.m. , Hudak — the heir apparent to former premier Mike Harris in whose cabinet he served -- finished with 3,511 of 10,348 electoral votes cast from 107 ridings .
Klees had 3,093 and Elliott had 2,728 .
Prior to the voting last Sunday and Thursday , Hillier , who received just 1,013 electoral votes , had instructed his supporters to make Hudak their second choice in the preferential - ballot election .
" I 'm happy with my showing , " said Hillier , who largely defined the policy debate during the campaign with his passionate libertarian views .
" I voted for Tim as my second choice , " he said .
The leadership of the party opened up after former party chief John Tory unexpectedly lost a March 5 by - election in Haliburton .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
In a stirring address to the convention , Tory , who is mulling a 2010 bid against Mayor David Miller for the Toronto mayoralty , urged the party to come together after a divisive several years .
Some 25,429 of 43,000 eligible Tories voted in the contest across Ontario .
Read more about :
Noam Chomsky
Linguist , Activist , Author
Hosts : Said & Dari
Aired : Wednesday 6.17.09 - 10:00 - 11:00 PM
Listen to the archived program ...
Your browser does not support the audio element .
Noam Chomsky is an American linguist , philosopher , cognitive scientist , political activist , author , and lecturer .
He is an Institute Professor and professor emeritus of linguistics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Chomsky is well known in the academic and scientific community as one of the fathers of modern linguistics .
Since the 1960s , he has become known more widely as a political dissident , an anarchist , and a libertarian socialist intellectual .
Chomsky joined the staff of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) in 1955 and in 1961 was appointed full professor in the Department of Modern Languages and Linguistics ( now the Department of Linguistics and Philosophy ) .
As of 2009 , Chomsky has taught at MIT continuously for 54 years .
In 1967 , Chomsky became one of the leading opponents of the Vietnam War with the publication of his essay , The Responsibility of Intellectuals , in The New York Review of Books .
This was followed by his 1969 book , American Power and the New Mandarins , a collection of essays which established him at the forefront of American dissent .
His far - reaching criticisms of US foreign policy and the legitimacy of US power have made him a controversial figure : largely shunned by the mainstream media in the United States , he is frequently sought out for his views by publications and news outlets worldwide .
Visit Noam Chomsky 's website .
WASHINGTON -- Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner heads to Beijing this weekend to urge Chinese leaders to fundamentally alter the export - oriented economy that has created years of trans -Pacific trade tensions .
In meetings with Chinese President Hu Jintao and Premier Wen Jiabao , Mr. Geithner is expected to reiterate U.S. support -- and gratitude -- for the giant stimulus package that China has implemented to combat the global recession .
But ...
CAFE and restaurant patrons could soon be eating in silence , after a proposal by Australia 's largest record labels to increase the cost of background music by up to 2000 times .
The push to raise the cost of playing recorded music could also make gym membership more expensive unless fitness classes use artists excluded by Australian copyright laws , including Elvis Presley and Beethoven .
The bid by the Phonographic Performance Company of Australia , which represents more than 750 record companies , follows a decision by the Copyright Tribunal to approve an increase of 15 times the music costs for the nightclub industry , which was recently endorsed by the Federal Court of Australia .
The Australasian Performing Right Association , which collects licensing fees on behalf of composers and artists , has launched a separate action for a tenfold increase in the fees paid by nightclubs for recorded music .
Buoyed by the nightclub ruling , the PPCA is now targeting eateries .
It wants to increase licensing fees in a 120 - seat restaurant to $ 19,344 a year  up from $ 125 .
Small cafes would be slugged with a 4729 per cent yearly increase from $ 124 to $ 5860 .
The Ambassador now does full critical hits on headshots , instead of mini crits
The Dead Ringer now fully drains the cloak meter , even if the Spy leaves cloak early
Fixed
Spy disguise menu not being visible in HUD minimal mode
Server log improvements :
Added " player_extinguish " event for servers to log when a Pyro extinguishes flame with the airburst
Fixed kill descriptions for Force - A - Nature & Sandman , so server logs can distinguish them
Identified feign deaths in the events sent to server logs
Fixed server crash related to the Jarate
Updates to Team Fortress 2 have been released .
The updates will be applied automatically when your Steam client is restarted .
The specific changes include :
The Magna deal was announced in the early hours of Saturday Germany has agreed a deal with Magna International , a Canadian car parts maker , to take over Opel , part of the European wing of US carmaker GM .
Talks in Berlin continued into early Saturday before Germany 's finance minister announced the rescue deal .
The German government is expected to provide an immediate loan facility of 1.5 bn euros ( $ 2.1bn , £ 1.3bn ) .
The Magna deal should protect Opel if GM files for bankruptcy protection in the US on Monday , as is expected .
The Canadian company has said it will put more than 500 m euros ( $ 700 m ; £ 435 m ) into Opel , which employs more than 25,000 people in Germany .
Significant numbers of workers are also spread around Spain , Belgium , Poland and the UK , where Opel cars are branded as Vauxhall for British customers .
Magna 's bid was backed by Russia 's state - run bank Sberbank and Russian magnate Oleg Deripaska 's truck firm Gaz .
The consortium hopes to see GM expand its reach into the Russian market .
Opel ring - fenced German Finance Minister Peer Steinbrueck told journalists outside the chancellery shortly after 0200 local time on Saturday that a deal had been agreed .
MAGNA'S BID FOR GM EUROPE Canadian - Austrian car parts group Plans 2,500 job cuts in Germany Pledges to inject between 500 m and 700 m euros into Opel 10 % of the new company would be owned by Opel employees ; GM would keep a 35 % stake in the company Bid in connection with Russia 's state - run Sberbank and Oleg Deripaska 's truck firm Gaz
Opel 's survival still at stake Profile : Car parts maker Magna " A solution has been found to keep Opel running , " said Mr Steinbrueck , after six hours of talks between German politicians , US government officials and executives from General Motors and Magna .
Mr Steinbrueck said that although it was impossible to exclude all risk , the deal agreed would safeguard Opel 's sites in Germany and preserve " the highest possible numbers of jobs " there .
Before the announcement of the deal , Magna said it planned to cut 2,500 jobs in Germany , about 10 % of Opel 's workforce in that country .
Italy 's Fiat , a former potential bidder , had said it would cut 10,000 jobs .
GM operations in Europe will now be placed under the care of a trustee to shield them from the parent company 's filing for bankruptcy protection in the US .
The BBC's Steve Rosenberg , in Berlin , says the Germans wanted to ringfence Opel from the mother company and this has been achieved .
It is a key breakthrough , our correspondent adds , and quite surprising considering that a few hours before the situation had looked quite hopeless , with Fiat walking away from the bid and Magna appearing to get cold feet .
Magna 's plans Details of the final deal with Magna have not yet been released , but the terms of the agreement are thought to involve GM keeping a 35 % stake in the company , while 10 % would be owned by Opel employees .
See GM production centres in Europe
Enlarge Map
UK Business Secretary Lord Mandelson said Magna had given a " clear commitment " to continuing production of cars in the UK .
But , he said , it was likely that change lay ahead , as there was " excess capacity " in GM 's operations in Europe .
On Friday , a court in Sweden granted Saab , GM 's other European business , an extension to its protection from creditors .
The Swedish carmaker first sought protection in February .
It now has until 20 August to line up a new owner and to restructure its business .
Saab is being sold off by GM separately .
GM ' lifeline '
In the US , General Motors executives on Friday successfully agreed a major cost - saving deal with workers in an effort to pave the way for a major restructuring of its US - based business .
Magna has received Berlin 's approval to take over Opel from GM Three - quarters of all United Auto Workers ( UAW ) union members voted to accept a freeze on pay and an end to bonuses - cutting labour costs by up to $ 2bn a year , the union said .
It also agreed to cut health benefits to retired employees .
Instead of the company funding health care costs for former workers , the union health trust will do so .
The union will take an ownership stake in return for absolving GM of its responsibilities .
UAW also agreed not to strike until 2015 in a bid to shore up the company and save jobs .
Despite the concessions , 21,000 jobs are expected to be lost and several plants will be closed in the US .
" We 've given a lifeline to GM until they can rebound , " said Ron Gettelfinger , UAW president .
By 1 June , ownership of the US based business is expected to be shared between the US government ( 72.5 % ) , the union 's health trust ( 17.5 % ) and GM 's former creditors .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Jon Donnison
BBC News , Washington
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A 72 - year - old great - grandmother in Texas has threatened to sue police after an officer " tased " her with an electronic stun gun .
Kathryn Winkfein was pulled over for speeding while doing her weekly shopping in Austin , Texas .
The officer shocked her with the taser gun after she resisted arrest and became argumentative .
CCTV footage showed her screaming with pain on the ground but police say that she was not seriously injured .
Mrs Winkfein was stopped by a police officer for speeding in her white pick - up truck .
Grainy police video footage shows the officer shove her and point the taser gun at her as she refuses to go quietly .
She dares the officer to shoot her , he opens fire .
As Mrs Winkfein writhes on the ground , the officer threatens to shoot again .
Taser guns fire 50,000 volts .
They are widely used by police in the United States and are categorised as non-lethal weapons .
Trivia
The film was very controversial when it was released .
Though fictional , it was based on an actual case .
Some critics felt that too many facts from the real - life case were distorted , or left out .
See more
Advertisements
Airplanes and jets have become part of everyday life since the first flight more than a century ago .
Solar aviation , on the other hand , is finally nearing perfection after decades of exploration .
The first functional solar cells were introduced in 1954 – 2 decades later , in 1974 , the first solar powered airplane made its virgin flight .
The small - scale model was the first of many attempts to power aircraft with the sun …
Sunrise I
Developed by RJ Boucher of Astro Flight in California , Sunrise I made the first solar - powered flight on Nov. 4 , 1974 .
The model plane , with a wingspan of nearly 10 m , weighed 12.25 and flew for 20 minutes .
Sunrise I made other flights , lasting 3 to 4 hours , before becoming severely damaged during a windstorm later that winter .
Sunrise II
Astro Flight did n’t give up on the potential of solar aviation .
Sunrise II made its first flight in September of the following year , 1975 .
This time , more efficient solar cells were used – boosting the power output by 150 watts – and the weight of the plane was decreased by more than 2 kg .
Unfortunately , Sunrise II also met an untimely ending after damage due to a control system failure .
Solaris
At the same time , but across the world in Europe , Helmut Bruss and Fred Militky were working on their own solar airplane models .
Bruss ’s aircraft was not successful ; the solar cells continued to overheat , but Militky ’s design flew for 150 seconds between 3 different test flights in the summer of 1976 .
Solar One
Not long after the first unmanned solar planes hit the air , attempts were made to create a manned aircraft operating on solar power .
Fred To and David Williams were the first to successfully fly a piloted solar airplane , taking off in Hampshire in December , 1978 .
The plane used Ni-cd batteries to store energy and was a costly project to complete .
Solar Riser
In April , 1979 , Larry Mauro launched his solar powered aircraft , the Solar Riser , in California .
The Solar Riser was based on the design of Mauro ’s Easy Riser glider and could remain powered about 5 minutes after a 3 hour charge – just enough time to reach a great altitude for gliding .
This plane also used Ni-cd batteries .
Gossamer Penguin
The Gossamer Penguin was the first aircraft to fly on purely solar power , using the same cells from the original Sunrise and Sunrise II models .
The plane successfully flew nearly 2 miles in August , 1980 and was based on the Dupont - sponsored Gossamer Albatross – the first human powered aircraft to cross the English Channel .
The Penguin ’s downfall was its inability to fly at high altitudes .
It also required an extremely light pilot to stay in the air .
Solar Challenger
An updated version of the Penguin , the Solar Challenger was also sponsored by Dupont and designed by MacCready but with much more powerful solar cells .
The Challenger made its flight from Paris to England in less than 5.5 hours on July 7 , 1981 .
Solair I
Also during the early 1980 ’s , Solair I was designed by German Gunter Rother based on a modified standard airplane design .
A battery was integrated into the design to boost climbing power , but the plane flew a total of 5 hours and 41 minutes on solar power alone .
Sunseeker
Eric Raymond began plans for his solar airplane , Sunseeker , in 1986 and the aircraft was first tested as a solar glider in 1989 .
In 1990 , Sunseeker flew across the US but used battery power to make its ascent before flying on solar energy .
After several modifications , new wings , and a stronger motor , Sunseeker II is now the only manned solar aircraft in continuous operation and is currently preparing for flights across Europe .
Pathfinder Plus
NASA ’s Pathfinder , designed by the same company that created the Penguin and Challenger above , was originally built in the early 1980 ’s but sat in storage before a series of test flights in 1993 and 1994 .
The Pathfinder set a new altitude record for solar aviation in 1995 , reaching over 50,000 feet .
In 1998 , longer wings were added to the unmanned solar plane and the aircraft was renamed the Pathfinder Plus .
Pathfinder Plus beat previous altitude records when it reached nearly 97,000 feet in 2001 .
Solair 2
Solair 2 is the second version of Gunter Rolchet ’s solar plane of the early 1980’s .
Solair 2 used Sanyo battery cells and 1100 watts of solar energy to maintain an optimum flight speed of about 50 km / hour .
The 6 m long airplane was built in 1996 , but was n’t tested until 1998 .
Helios
Another NASA prototype , the unmanned Helios solar plane had big plans for the future – including a nonstop 40 - hour endurance test flight .
Unfortunately , the aircraft crashed during a series of practice runs in 2003 .
The plane was destroyed , along with the experimental fuel cell designed to keep the Helios flying through the nights .
Two years before the accident , the Helios broke the altitude record for solar aviation by reaching 96,863 feet .
Zephyr
Designed by UK based QinetiQ , the amazing solar powered Zephyr continues to break solar aviation records .
In August , 2008 , the unmanned aircraft flew for 3.5 days straight – 83 hours and 37 minutes – beating its own record of 54 hours from the previous year .
The high - endurance solar plane is lightweight enough to be launched by hand but is expected to be strong enough to carry up to 1000 lbs during flight .
Solar Impulse
Bertrand Piccard ’s solar aircraft design – the Solar Impulse – aims to be the first solar powered plane to fly around the world .
Currently , the Solar Impulse can only support a single pilot but a 2 - seat version of the plane is planned when battery technology will allow a lighter design .
Test flights are proposed for this year , with plans for a worldwide trip consisting of 5 legs to accommodate the physical limitations of the pilots .
Sunship
Solar Flight operator and designer of the solar powered Sunseeker pictured above , Eric Raymond , has his own plans for a manned solar aircraft to circumnavigate the globe .
The Sunship is an airship , similar to the Zeppelin design , and is proposed to be as small and lightweight as possible but still with the ability to cross the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans .
The airship will be designed to hold up to 3 passengers at low altitudes , a single pilot at higher limits .
As of now , the Sunship is still a concept for solar aviation ’s future .
The design of the car has come a long way over the years .
Who knew that when the first Model T came off the assembly line that we would one day have hybrids and solar powered cars ?
While we have the engineers to thank for actually making these cars a reality , there is an unsung hero who we should also thank .
That hero is the concept car artists who have the imagination to think of such unique and inspiring vehicles .
If you have never had the luxury of making it to car show , you should check it out some time .
It is at these major car shows that car manufactures show off many of their new ideas in car design .
At these events you can see a number of wild concept cars up close in personal .
For those of you who ca n’t make it to a car show though , we have compiled photos and renderings of 20 concept cars .
Some of these cars are really out there !
Check them out and let us know what you think in the comments below .
Which one is your favorite ?
It was horrible So much water ...
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Our three year fight to keep DuPage County 's Election Commission from shredding OUR election records , simply because they feel like it ...
Jean Kaczmarek Byon 5/21/2009 , 2:52 pm PT
Guest blogged by Jean Kaczmarek , co-chair , Illinois Ballot Integrity Project / DuPage Chapter
On Tuesday , Illinois Ballot Integrity Project ( IBIP ) / DuPage Chapter celebrated a crucial legislative victory , which will finally force the DuPage County Election Commission to comply with the law before shredding OUR election records .
HB 4051 passed unanimously [ PDF ] in the Illinois Senate 57 - 0 , finally ending a three - year power struggle regarding the Election Commission 's destruction of OUR public records .
Last month , the bill also passed unanimously [ PDF ] in the Illinois House 117- 0 .
Illinois Governor Pat Quinn is expected to sign the bill into law shortly .
This short , but significant one - page bill , sponsored by IL Rep. Paul Froehlich ( D - 56th ) , amends the Illinois Election Code to specify that the destruction of OUR election - related public records must follow the procedures mandated by the Local Records Act .
The bill also amends the Local Records
Act to specifically include that local election authorities must comply with the provisions of the Act when disposing OUR public records .
HB4051 's provisions have just one county board in mind : the inveterate scofflaws of the DuPage County Election Commission ...
* * *
This legislation is necessary overkill .
The Local Records
Act , enacted in 1985 , simply and clearly mandated all government entities within the state to comply with certain procedures prior to destroying OUR public records .
The DuPage County Election Commission argued that the Illinois Election Code allowed them to destroy OUR public records , and that the Code superseded the Local Records Act .
In over two decades , the Election Commission never complied with the Act .
Meanwhile , other election boards across the state saw no ambiguity and had been regularly complying with the Local Records
Act for years , including the Cook County and Chicago election boards .
The more - than - three - year odyssey , leading to the necessity of the new bill , began in January 2006 when IBIP / DuPage had learned at a board meeting that OUR records were about to be destroyed .
One of our members suggested we contact the Illinois State Archives to find out if the Election Commission was following proper procedure .
We discovered that the Election Commission had never filed for a disposal certificate since the Local Records
Act had been enacted requiring such a certificate .
Unless the Election Commission had a very large storage room somewhere , capable of secretly storing 20 + years of records , they were in violation of the law .
Multiple payments Accurate Document Destruction , Inc. , suggested that OUR public records were very likely being destroyed .
Destroying OUR records in Illinois , without complying with the Local Records Act , is a Class 4 felony .
Further , we had strong reason to believe that the Election Commission was destroying OUR election materials prematurely because of contradictory Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) responses .
In November 2004 , Bev Harris of BlackBoxVoting.org , had FOIAed all jurisdictions nationwide for certain election materials the night of the general election .
DuPage County Election Commission Executive Director Robert T. Saar did not respond to the FOIA .
Per our request , Harris requested Saar to respond to her original FOIA several months later .
Saar finally responded to Harris in March 2005 , " ... we no longer have the poll tapes being requested there , which are retained statutorily for 60 days following an election . "
Harris would later refer to DuPage County as one of the two " worst places to vote in America , " tied with the notorious Riverside County , CA ( as The BRAD BLOG has been documenting for years ) .
Federal and state election codes mandate that OUR records from a federal election be retained for a minimum of 22 months ;
Saar 's response to Harris was just five months after the election .
In addition , Harris had presented the FOIA on Election Night --- well within Saar 's personal " 60 - day deadline " for preserving records .
Payments to Accurate Document Destruction for disposal of large quantities of materials in January 2005 , correlate with Saar 's response to Harris .
If what Saar stated was true , he and the Election Commission were in violation of federal and state election codes and the Local Records Act .
My IBIP / DuPage co-chair , Melisa Urda and I followed up with our own FOIA request several months later .
This time , Saar responded that OUR poll tapes / results slips were " sealed " and " exempt from disclosure . "
It still remains a mystery as to which one of Saar 's stories , if either of them , is true .
Learning six months later that the Election Commission had never complied with the Local Records
Act prompted us to alert the Illinois Attorney General 's office , who forwarded our complaint to DuPage County State 's Attorney Joe Birkett , self - dubbed as the " Corruption Buster " .
We also paid a courtesy call to the media .
Within several months , the Chicago Tribune published a solid piece [ PDF ] which concluded with a quote from Saar claiming : " A lot of people are mixing apples and oranges ... We do n't have to get clearance .
The law is very clear about what we can do there .
There 's no clearance that we have to get from anbody . "
The article must have shaken up the State 's Attorney 's office because they immediately asked to meet with us .
Asst. State 's Attorney Nancy Wolfe informed us that the Election Commission was not guilty of wrongdoing , as they were only required to follow the Election Code , not the Local Records Act , or even the federal law , in order to destroy OUR records .
I asked if their office , or an independent third party , had determined whether or not OUR November 2004 election records still existed .
The answer was no , they had n't bothered to make that determination .
I asked if OUR public records , those unrelated to an election , which therefore would not fall under the so - called " perimeters " of the Election Code , had been destroyed .
There was no answer .
* * *
We regrouped .
In June of 2006 , I requested the Local Records Commission of Illinois to seek an opinion from Illinois Attorney Lisa Madigan .
The Records Commission was absolutely certain that the DuPage County Election Commission needed to comply with the Local Records Act , and appreciated that we were dealing with cruel and unusual circumstances .
Formality was necessary to ensure compliance with the law .
Also that month , I sent a letter to DuPage Chief Judge Ann Jorgensen with copies of letters from the Illinois State Archives and Local Records Commission of Illinois regarding the destruction ; she acknowledged short and sweet .
I hoped that Jorgensen would serve as an insurance policy to protect OUR records .
I was wrong .
The Election Commission defiantly revved up the shredder , more payments were made to Accurate Document Destruction .
I must have called 50 law firms and agencies that summer seeking pro bono legal assistance , all to no avail .
Most people have at least one fear --- heights , elevators , snakes , spiders , etc .
Mine is courtrooms .
I have nightmares of being chewed out by a cranky old judge .
Filing pro se was out of the question .
Besides , I knew that I 'd be up against a team of taxpayer - paid attorneys well - versed in the hideously burdensome Illinois Election Code , with maybe a Diebold attorney or two thrown into the mix --- all determined to keep OUR electoral process anything but open .
Adding insult to injury , Melisa and I learned that huge plastic bins , picked up for destruction , were , until the fall of 2006 , stored at United Express Systems in Aurora .
This warehouse was owned by Brad Westrom , brother of the former chairman of the Election Commission , Dean Westrom .
Brad and Dean 's sister , Jan Westrom , was the warehouse 's general manager .
OUR public records , which had been denied to citizens in 2005 , had been in the custody of the chairman 's brother and sister .
Those who follow issues of election integrity understand the sanctity of chain of custody .
Several years earlier , the Hired Truck Scandal , involving the use of hired , private vehicles to do government work , had rocked Democratic Cook County .
When the Westrom warehouse issue in Republican DuPage County was brought to the attention of the authorities and the media ... crickets chirped .
In August , I drove to Springfield on a 101 - degree day to deliver a public statement to the Local Records Commission of Illinois , to request that they alert authorities that the DuPage County Election Commission appeared to be in violation of the law .
Letterhead of a state agency has far more impact than a letter from a few , patriotic suburban moms .
The Records Commission complied with my request .
Alerting the Illinois Attorney General 's office did n't even require a stamp ; a staff member hand - delivered it across the street .
The DuPage State 's Attorney 's office was also alerted .
On Sept. 1 , 2006 , the date before the end of 22 - month minimum preservation period for records pertaining to the 2004 general election , Melisa and I presented a cease and desist notice to the Election Commission and sent copies to authorities .
We demanded that the destruction stop immediately pending the opinion by the AG 's office .
This was purely an exercise in futility ; we could almost hear the distant Accurate Document Destruction trucks " mobile document shredding units " en route to the Westrom family 's warehouse .
The DuPage County Election Commission understood something I did n't --- laws which are never enforced can be easily dismissed .
It took a lot more to spook them than notification to authorities .
The September 12 , 2006 minutes of the Election Commission 's board meeting read , " Legal counsel discussed the complaint that the Commission has destroyed records illegally .
Legal Counsel recommends that the Commission continue on course ... "
Stay the course they did .
From the time we first alerted authorities in 2006 , to the end of 2007 , the Election Commission paid Accurate Document Destruction to dispose of 198 96 - gallon toters of material .
The Election Commission has refused to disclose the nature of the contents of these toters .
Chances are good that you 're not tossing out pizza boxes when hiring a professional shredder .
Finally , on December 26 , 2007 , IBIP / DuPage Chapter received a belated Christmas gift .
Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan published her opinion [ PDF ] that the DuPage County Election Commission must comply with the Local Records
Act for the procedure of destroying OUR public records .
Madigan 's opinion infuriated the Election Commission .
" The election commission did nothing wrong from a legal standpoint , " DuPage State 's Attorney Joe " The Corruption Buster " Birkett told the Daily Herald .
" In my opinion , it 's case closed . "
Saar stated in a public appearance that he strongly disagreed with Madigan 's opinion , but that the Election Commission would not destroy more of OUR records until the matter was settled either in court or by legislation .
Good as the AG 's opinion was , it still was n't legally binding .
* * *
Rep . Paul Froehlich had been closely following our battles with the Election Commission and offered support .
The Illinois Election Code can only be amended every other year .
2009 was the year to create a law which essentially says : ' No means no !'
It is fitting to ' honor ' our election director by calling HB4051 " The Robert T. Saar Act . "
Through it all , the Election Commission board members kept their appointments .
The Election Commission 's executive staff kept their positions and received annual raises .
This July , Saar is set to become the president of the International Association of Clerks , Recorders , Election Officials & Treasurers ( IACREOT ) .
From this saga and numerous other alleged wrongdoings ( check the latest ... ) , I 'm convinced it would take the jaws of life to pry these guys out of there .
Ironically enough , the Election Commission 's large seal still hangs prominently in its office which reads : " Assuring the Consent of the Governed " .
Despite Tuesday 's milestone , there 's still much work to be done to protect OUR public records .
OUR future public records may be preserved , yet we still do n't have access to them .
Melisa and I jealously monitored the post-election audits conducted by citizens in Ohio which revealed fraud in that state during the 2004 Presidential Election .
Such an audit would never be allowed in DuPage County .
In addition to the November 2004 poll tapes , we 'd like to find out why voter registration fell 84,000 between the primary and general elections in 2004 , at a time when voter registration was breaking records nationwide .
We 'd like to know who had access to the voting machines , software and tabulation room for the November 2004 election , knowing the long , cozy friendships between the Diebold distributor , Fidlar & Co. , and the Election Commission .
Bottomline , we 'd like to find out why the Election Commission arrogantly chose to err on the side of imprudence , hellbent on destroying OUR public records .
After all , we can not be expected to trust the results of an election , if we cannot trust the process .
We had repeatedly requested that the Election Commission allow a hands - on , comprehensive inventory of OUR public records by the Illinois State Archives .
Thanks to former Gov. Rod Blagojevich , suddenly , ethics are cool in Illinois .
We 've caught a tailwind .
The Election Commission succumbed to the inventory ... sort of ... pressured by DuPage County Board Chairman Bob Schillerstrom who plans to run for governor .
A field rep was invited to the warehouse for just one day last March .
The inventory remains incomplete .
Until we see the report , we 'll never know what 's left of OUR records .
But you can bet , we 'll keep trying to find out ...
This article is from the July / August 2009 issue of Dollars & Sense : Real World Economics available at http://www.dollarsandsense.org
This article is from the July / August 2009 issue of Dollars & Sense magazine .
Economy in Numbers
The Real Unemployment Rate Hits a 68 - Year High
Comparing the Bureau of Labor Statistics ’ “ U - 3 ” and “ U - 6 ” rates .
By John Miller
Although you have to dig into the statistics to know it , unemployment in the United States is now worse than at any time since the end of the Great Depression .
From December 2007 , when the recession began , to May of this year , 6.0 million U.S. workers lost their jobs .
The big three U.S. automakers are closing plants and letting white - collar workers go too .
Chrysler , the worst off of the three , will lay off one - quarter of its workforce even if it survives .
Heavy equipment manufacturer Caterpillar and giant banking conglomerate Citigroup have both laid off thousands of workers .
Alcoa , the aluminum maker , has let workers go .
Computer maker Dell and express shipper DHL have both canned many of their workers .
Circuit City , the leading electronics retailer , went out of business , costing its 40,000 workers their jobs .
Lawyers in large national firms are getting the ax .
Even on Sesame Street , workers are losing their jobs .
The official unemployment rate hit 9.4 % in May — already as high as the peak unemployment rates in all but the 1982 recession , the worst since World War II .
And topping the 1982 recession ’s peak rate of 10.8 % is now distinctly possible .
The current downturn has pushed up unemployment rates by more than any previous postwar recession ( see Table 1 ) .
Source : Table A - 1 , Bureau of Labor Statistics , U.S. Labor Department , www.bls.gov.
The comprehensive U - 6 unemployment rate adjusts the official rate by adding marginally attached workers and workers forced to work part time for economic reasons to the officially unemployed .
To find the U - 6 rate the BLS takes that higher unemployment count and divides it by the official civilian labor force plus the number of marginally attached workers .
( No adjustment is necessary for forced part - time workers since they are already counted in the official labor force as employed workers . )
Calculating the Real Unemployment Rate
The BLS calculates the official unemployment rate , U - 3 , as the number of unemployed as a percentage of the civilian labor force .
The civilian labor force consists of employed workers plus the officially unemployed , those without jobs who are available to work and have looked for a job in the last 4 weeks .
Applying the data found in Table 2 yields an official unemployment rate of 9.1 % , or a seasonally adjusted rate 9.4 % for April 2009 .
Accounting for the large number of marginally attached workers and those working part - time for economic reasons raises the count of unemployed to 24.0 million workers for May 2009 .
Those numbers push up the U - 6 unemployment rate to 15.9 % or a seasonally adjusted rate of 16.4 % .
Some groups of workers are already facing official unemployment rates in the double digits .
As of May , unemployment rates for black , Hispanic , and teenage workers were already 14.9 % , 12.7 % and 22.7 % , respectively .
Workers without a high - school diploma confronted a 15.5 % unemployment rate , while the unemployment rate for workers with just a high - school degree was 10.0 % .
Nearly one in five ( 19.2 % ) construction workers were unemployed .
In Michigan , the hardest hit state , unemployment was at 12.9 % in April .
Unemployment rates in seven other states were at double - digit levels as well .
As bad as they are , these figures dramatically understate the true extent of unemployment .
First , they exclude anyone without a job who is ready to work but has not actively looked for a job in the previous four weeks .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics classifies such workers as “ marginally attached to the labor force ” so long as they have looked for work within the last year .
Marginally attached workers include so - called discouraged workers who have given up looking for job - related reasons , plus others who have given up for reasons such as school and family responsibilities , ill health , or transportation problems .
Second , the official unemployment rate leaves out part - time workers looking for full - time work : part - time workers are “ employed ” even if they work as little as one hour a week .
The vast majority of people working part time involuntarily have had their hours cut due to slack or unfavorable business conditions .
The rest are working part time because they could only find part - time work .
To its credit , the BLS has developed alternative unemployment measures that go a long way toward correcting the shortcomings of the official rate .
The broadest alternative measure , called “ U - 6 , ” counts as unemployed “ marginally attached workers ” as well as those employed “ part time for economic reasons . ”
When those adjustments are taken into account for May 2009 , the unemployment rate soars to 16.4 % .
That is the highest rate since the BLS began calculating the U - 6 rate in 1994 .
While not exactly comparable , it is also higher than the BLS ’s earlier and yet broader adjusted unemployment rate called the U - 7 .
The BLS began calculating the U - 7 rate in 1976 but discontinued it in 1994 in favor of the U - 6 rate .
In the 1982 recession the U - 7 reached 15.3 % , its highest level .
In fact , no bout of unemployment since the last year of the Great Depression in 1941 would have produced an adjusted unemployment rate as high as today’s .
Why is the real unemployment rate so much higher than the official , or U - 3 , rate ?
First , forced part - time work has reached its highest level ever , going all the way back to 1956 and including the 1982 recession .
In May 2009 , 8.8 million workers were forced to work part time for economic reasons .
Forced part - timers are concentrated in retail , food services , and construction ; about a quarter of them are young workers between 16 and 24 .
The number of discouraged workers is high today as well .
In May , the BLS counted 2.2 million “ marginally attached ” workers .
That matches the highest number since 1994 , when the agency introduced this measure .
With the economy in the throes of a catastrophic downturn , unemployment , no matter how it ’s measured , will rise dramatically and impose yet more devastating costs on society and on those without a job or unable to find full - time work .
John Miller teaches economics at Wheaton College and is a member of the Dollars & Sense collective .
Sources : U.S. Dept. of Labor , “ The Unemployment Rate and Beyond : Alternative Measures of Labor Underutilization , ” Issues in Labor Statistics , June 2008 ; John E. Bregger and Steven E. Haugen , “ BLS introduces new range of alternative unemployment measures , ” Monthly Labor Review , October 1995 .
Did you find this article useful ?
Please consider supporting our work by donating or subscribing .
News Items in This Edition :
Potential new drugs : 970 million and still counting
Successful initial safety tests for genetically - modified rice that fights allergy
Brittle table salt can stretch like taffy in the nanoworld
Once - a - month pill for both fleas and ticks for Fido and Fluffy
Other " - caines " often replace Novocaine in the dentist 's office
ARTICLE #1 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Potential new drugs : 970 million and still counting
Journal of the American Chemical Society
Like astronomers counting stars in the familiar universe of outer space , chemists in Switzerland are reporting the latest results of a survey of chemical space -- the so - called chemical universe where tomorrow 's miracle drugs may reside .
The scientists conclude , based on this phase of the ongoing count , that there are 970 million chemicals suitable for study as new drugs .
Scheduled for the July 1 issue of the Journal of the American Chemical Society , the study represents the largest publicly available database of virtual molecules ever reported , the researchers say .
Jean - Louis Reymond and Lorenz Blum point out that the rules of chemical bonding allow simple elements such as carbon , hydrogen , oxygen , nitrogen and fluorine to potentially form millions of different molecules .
This so - called " chemical universe " or " chemical space " has an enormous potential for drug discovery , particularly for identifying so - called " small molecules " -- made of 10 to 50 atoms .
Most of today 's medicines consist of these small molecules .
Until now , however , scientists had not attempted a comprehensive analysis of the molecules that populate chemical space .
In the report , Reymond and Blum describe development of a new searchable database , GDB - 13 , that scientists can use in the quest for new drugs .
It consists of all molecules containing up to 13 atoms of carbon , nitrogen , oxygen , sulfur , and chlorine under rules that define chemical stability and synthetic feasibility .
The researchers identified more than 970 million possible structures , the vast majority of which have never been produced in the lab .
Some of these molecules could lead to the design and production of new drugs for fighting disease , they say .
ARTICLE #1 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
" 970 Million Druglike Small Molecules for Virtual Screening in the Chemical Universe Database GDB - 13 "
DOWNLOAD FULL TEXT ARTICLE : http://pubs.
acs. org / stoken / presspac / presspac / full / 10 . 1021 / ja902302h
CONTACT :
Jean - Luis Reymond , Ph.D .
Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry
University of Berne
Berne , Switzerland
Phone : 41 31 631 43 25
Fax : 41 31 631 80 57
Email : jean-louis.reymond@ioc.unibe.ch
ARTICLE #2 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Successful initial safety tests for genetically - modified rice that fights allergy
Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry
In a first - of - its - kind advance toward the next generation of genetically modified foods -- intended to improve consumers ' health -- researchers in Japan are reporting that a new transgenic rice designed to fight a common pollen allergy appears safe in animal studies .
Their report is in the current issue of ACS ' Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry , a bi-weekly publication .
Fumio Takaiwa and colleagues note that the first generation of genetically - modified crops was designed to help keep crops weed and insect free .
The next generation of transgenic crops is being developed to directly benefit human health .
This includes veggies and grains that produce higher levels of nutrients , such as vitamins and minerals , or even medicines and vaccines .
Like the first generation of transgenic foods , however , researchers are anxiously trying to determine whether foods produced from these " biopharmaceutical " crops will be safe for humans and the environment .
The scientists describe development of a transgenic rice plant that has been genetically - engineered to fight allergies to Japanese cedar pollen , a growing public health problem in Japan that affects about 20 percent of the population .
In laboratory studies , the researchers fed a steamed version of the transgenic rice and a non-transgenic version to a group of monkeys everyday for 26 weeks .
At the end of the study period , the test animals did not show any health problems , in an initial demonstration that the allergy - fighting rice may be safe for consumption , the researchers say .
ARTICLE #2 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
" 26 - Week Oral Safety Study in macaques for Transgenic Rice Containing major Human T - Cell Epitope Peptides from Japanese Cedar Pollen Allergens "
DOWNLOAD FULL TEXT ARTICLE : http://pubs.
acs. org / stoken / presspac / presspac / full / 10 . 1021 / jf900371u
CONTACT :
Fumio Takaiwa , Ph.D .
Transgenic Crop Research and Development Center
National Institute for Agrobiological Sciences
Tsukuba , Ibaraki
Japan
Phone : 81-29-838-8373
Email : takaiwa@nisa.affrc.go.jp
ARTICLE #3 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Brittle table salt can stretch like taffy in the nanoworld
Nano Letters
Researchers in New Mexico are reporting the surprise discovery that common table salt -- so brittle that it crushes easily between a thumb and forefinger -- becomes a super plastic in the weird environs of the nanoworld .
The super - elastic salt can stretch like taffy to twice its original length without breaking .
The discovery could lead to new insights into the role of salt in a wide variety of situations ranging from helping clouds to form to triggering asthmatic attacks in people , they say .
Their study is in the current issue of ACS ' Nano Letters , a monthly journal .
Nathan Moore and colleagues note in the new study that researchers have known for years that metals like gold , lead and aluminum can be pulled into nanowires 1/50,000th the width of a human hair .
Like other materials of such tiny dimensions , their properties change .
Materials that conduct electricity poorly , for instance , become good conductors and materials that break easily develop new strength .
That 's why nanomaterials may form the basis of futuristic technologies that spawn new industries .
But until now , no one expected to create nanowires from crystals of common table salt , or sodium chloride , which crumbles so easily .
The scientists made the unusual discovery while studying how water coats salt crystals using a microscope specially designed to observe mechanical and adhesive forces .
They detected an unusual attractive force between the diamond tip of the microscope and the salt surface .
After a series of tests , the researchers showed that the force encountered may have been caused by the presence of salt nanowires .
In a similar test , they were able to capture images of salt nanowires being formed and stretched .
The finding is " a striking and unexpected example of how material properties can change when viewed at the nanoscale , " the article states .
ARTICLE #3 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
" Superplastic Nanowires Pulled from the Surface of Common Salt "
Click here to view video .
DOWNLOAD FULL TEXT ARTICLE : http://pubs.
acs. org / stoken / presspac / presspac / full / 10 .
1021 / nl9004805
CONTACT :
Nathan Moore , Ph.D .
Surface and Interface Sciences
Sandia National Laboratories
Albuquerque , New Mexico 87185
Phone : 505-844-0278
Email : nwmoore@sandia.gov
ARTICLE #4 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Once - a - month pill for both fleas and ticks in Fido and Fluffy
Journal of Medicinal Chemistry
Scientists in New Jersey are describing discovery and successful tests of the first once - a - month pill for controlling both fleas and ticks in domestic dogs and cats .
Their study is in the current issue of ACS ' Journal of the Medicinal Chemistry , a bi-weekly publication .
Peter Meinke and colleagues at Merck Research Laboratories note the need for better ways of controlling fleas and ticks , driven in part by increases in pet ownership .
Estimates suggest that there were 71 million pet dogs and 81 million pet cats in the United States alone in 2007 -- up from 61 million and 70 million in 2001 .
Although many powders , sprays and other topical agents are on the market , many pet owners prefer the convenience of pills .
Products given orally can reach more parts of an animal 's body , do not wash off in rain or bath water , and do n't transfer from pets to people .
At least one existing pill fights fleas in pets , but does not appear effective for ticks .
In tests on fleas and ticks in dogs and cats , a single dose of the new pill was 100 percent effective in protecting against both fleas and ticks for a month .
There were no signs of toxic effects on the animals .
Scientists obtained the flea and tick fighter from a substance first found in a fungus that " has the potential to usher in a new era in the treatment of ecoparasitic [ ticks and fleas , for instance ] infestations in companion animals . "
ARTICLE #4 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
" Discovery of the Development Candidate N- tert - Butyl Nodulisporamide : A Safe and Efficacious Once Monthly Oral Agent for the Control of Fleas and Ticks on Companion Animals "
DOWNLOAD FULL TEXT ARTICLE : http://pubs.
acs. org / stoken / presspac / presspac / full / 10 .
1021 / jm801334v
CONTACT :
Peter Meinke , Ph.D .
Merck Research Laboratories
Rahway , New Jersey
Phone : 732-594-3966
Fax : 732-594-9556
Email : peter_meinke@merck.com
ARTICLE #5 EMBARGOED FOR 9 A.M. , EASTERN TIME , June 29 , 2009
Other " - caines " often replace Novocaine in the dentist 's office
Chemical & Engineering News
Novocaine ?
Not necessarily .
The widespread belief that dentists rely on Novocaine to make those office visits almost painless needs some updating , according to an article scheduled for the June 29 issue of Chemical & Engineering News , ACS ' weekly newsmagazine .
In fact , patients are more likely to get any of several other anesthetics than the century - old standby Novocaine , which once reigned as the archetypal dental anesthetic .
C&EN senior editor Elizabeth Wilson notes that Novocaine , also known as procaine , has become a catchall term for a variety of dental anesthetics widely used today .
These substances include less - familiar names like benzocaine , lidocaine , articaine , and mepivacaine .
Like Novocaine , all are non-addictive relatives of the original , naturally occurring local anesthetic cocaine , which is found in coca leaves .
None of the newer local anesthetics are perfect , leading scientists to seek better medications that are faster - acting , more effective , and safer .
Wilson 's article describes not only this ongoing quest , but also research to determine exactly how dental anesthetics work in the body .
ARTICLE #5 EMBARGOED FOR 9 A.M. , EASTERN TIME , June 29 , 2009
" Dental anesthetics "
This story will be available on June 29 at http://pubs. acs. org / cen / science / 87 / 8726sci3 . html
FOR ADVANCE INFORMATION , CONTACT :
Michael Bernstein
ACS News Service
Phone : 202-872-6042
Fax : 202-872-4370
Email : m_bernstein@acs.org
Journalists ' Resources
Save the Date : ACS August National Meeting
Join more than 11,000 scientists expected to gather in Washington , D. C. , Aug. 16 - 20 for one of the year 's largest and most important scientific conferences .
The 238th National Meeting of the American Chemical Society will feature 8,000 reports on new discoveries about chemistry , medicine , health , food , fuels , the environment and other topics .
For advance complimentary news media registration : https:/ / www. xpressreg . net / register / acsf089 / media / start .
asp .
Green Chemistry conference on sustainability now under way
Jean - Michel Cousteau , noted explorer , film - producer and environmentalist , and Len Sauers , Ph.D. , Vice President of Global Sustainability for The Procter & Gamble Company , are the featured keynote speakers at the upcoming 13th annual Green Chemistry & Engineering Conference in June in College Park , Md . The focus of this year 's conference , June 23 - 25 at the Marriott Inn and Conference Center , is on progress made toward research objectives identified in the National Academy of Sciences ' 2006 report , " Sustainability in the Chemical Industry : Grand Challenges and Research Needs . "
Sauers will address the convention on June 24 , Cousteau on June 25 .
For more information on the conference , please visit www.gcande.org.
Writing on Green Chemistry ?
Here is a treasure trove of some of the most significant scientific research articles published in 2008 .
http://pubs. acs. org / stoken / presspac / presspac / full / 10 . 1021 / op900082k
Press releases , briefings , and more from ACS ' March National Meeting
www.eurekalert.org/acsmeet.php.
http://www. ustream .
tv/ channel / acslive .
Must - reads from C&EN : Chemistry featured in the comics
We now have evidence that chemistry has a foothold in popular culture :
It appeared in the popular newspaper comic strip , " Mark Trail . "
In the episode , polluters have illegally dumped waste into a ravine .
An outdoorsman and environmentalist , Trail is closing in on the perpetrators .
" I 'll check the samples I got , and then notify the proper authorities , " Trail declares , after discovering that something seems environmentally wrong in Lost Forest , a fictitious nature preserve featured in the strip .
He ultimately tracks down the offenders and confronts them .
For a copy of this item , send an e-mail to m_bernstein@acs.org .
ACS pressroom blog
The American Chemical Society 's Office of Public Affairs ( OPA ) has created a new pressroom blog to highlight prominent research from ACS ' 34 journals .
Bytesize Science blog
Educators and kids , put on your thinking caps :
The American Chemical Society has a blog for Bytesize Science , a science podcast for kids of all ages .
ACS satellite pressroom : Daily news blasts on Twitter
The American Chemical Society 's Office of Public Affairs ( OPA ) new satellite press room has quickly become one of the most popular science news sites on Twitter .
To receive press room updates , create a free account at https :/ / twitter .
com/ signup .
Then visit http://twitter.
com/ ACSpressroom and click the ' join ' button beneath the press room logo .
ACS Press Releases
General science press releases on a variety of chemistry - related topics .
General Chemistry Glossary
http://antoine.
frostburg .
edu/ chem / senese / 101/ glossary .
shtml
New CAS
Web site on everyday chemicals
Whether you want to learn more about caffeine , benzoyl peroxide ( acne treatment ) , sodium chloride ( table salt ) , or some other familiar chemical , CAS Common Chemistry can help .
The new Web site provides non-chemists and others with useful information about everyday chemicals by searching either a chemical name or a corresponding CAS Registry Number .
The site currently contains approximately 7,800 chemicals of general interest as well as all 118 elements from the periodic table , providing alternative names , molecular structures , a Wikipedia link , and other information .
From Chemical Abstracts Service ( CAS )
CAS Science Connections is a series of articles that showcases the value of CAS databases in light of important general - interest science and technology news .
Ranging in topics from fruit flies to Nobel Prize winners , the CAS - Science Connections series points to the CAS databases for a more complete understanding of the latest news .
Podcasts
Global Challenges / Chemistry Solutions
Do n't miss this special series of ACS podcasts on some of the 21st Century 's most daunting challenges , and how cutting - edge research in chemistry matters in the quest for solutions .
Subscribe to Global Challenges using iTunes or listen and access other resources at the ACS web site www.acs.org/GlobalChallenges.
Bytesize Science , a new podcast for young listeners
Bytesize Science is a science podcast for kids of all ages that aims to entertain as much as it educates , with new video podcasts and some episodes available in Spanish .
Subscribe to Bytesize Science using iTunes .
No iTunes ?
No problem .
Listen to the latest episodes of BytesizeScience in your web browser .
Science Elements : ACS Science News Podcast
The ACS Office of Public Affairs is podcasting PressPac contents in order to make cutting - edge scientific discoveries from ACS journals available to a broad public audience at no charge .
Subscribe to Science Elements using iTunes .
Listen to the latest episodes of Science Elements in your web browser .
SciFinder® Podcasts
Interested in healthful plant phytochemicals , nanotechnology , or green chemistry ?
Check out the SciFinder series of podcasts , which explore a vast array of current interest topics and new discoveries in the 21st century .
The SciFinder podcasts are available in English , Chinese , Japanese , and Portuguese .
###
Editor 's Note : The PressPac will take a Fourth of July holiday next week .
Please watch for our next edition will be on July 8 .
PressPac information is intended for your personal use in news gathering and reporting and should not be distributed to others .
Anyone using advance PressPac information for stocks or securities dealing may be guilty of insider trading under the federal Securities Exchange Act of 1934 .
The American Chemical Society is a nonprofit organization chartered by the U.S. Congress .
With more than 154,000 members , ACS is the world 's largest scientific society and a global leader in providing access to chemistry - related research through its multiple databases , peer - reviewed journals and scientific conferences .
Its main offices are in Washington , D.C. , and Columbus , Ohio .
Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu today called for the creation of a limited Palestinian state for the first time , saying it would have to be disarmed .
Netanyahu made the call during a major policy speech about his Mideast peacemaking intentions .
" In any peace agreement , the territory under Palestinian control must be disarmed , with solid security guarantees for Israel , " he said .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" If we get this guarantee for demilitarization and necessary security arrangements for Israel , and if the Palestinians recognize Israel as the state of the Jewish people , we will be willing in a real peace agreement to reach a solution of a demilitarized Palestinian state alongside the Jewish state , " he said .
Up to now Netanyahu has resisted endorsing the creation of a Palestinian state as part of a Mideast peace settlement , drawing intense pressure from the administration of President Barack Obama .
Netanyahu also said the Palestinians must recognize Israel as a Jewish state , and he declared that the solution of the Palestinian refugee problem must be " outside Israel . "
Palestinians claim that refugees from the 1948 - 49 war that followed Israel 's creation and their millions of descendants have the right to reclaim their original homes .
" I call on you , our Palestinian neighbors , and to the leadership of the Palestinian Authority : Let us begin peace negotiations immediately , without preconditions , " he said .
" Israel is committed to international agreements and expects all the other parties to fulfill their obligations as well . "
Netanyahu also called for Arab leaders to meet him and contribute to Palestinian economic development .
Fitness guru Jack LaLanne knows push - ups .
During his 30 - plus years on television , he regularly demonstrated the proper push - up technique and wowed us with feats of strength like finger - tip push - ups and one - armed push - ups .
Video
Mr. LaLanne , 93 , still does push - ups during his daily 90 - minute workout .
“ I hate it , ” he said of working out .
“ But I like the results .
Exercise is something you ’ve got to do the rest of your life . ”
I was fortunate to speak with Mr. LaLanne for my Well column in this week ’s Science Times , which explores why the push - up remains an enduring symbol of fitness .
The article also explains why your ability to do a push - up is linked to how well you age .
Here ’s a calculator to tell you how many push - ups you should be doing if you are in good shape .
Read the full column here , and be sure to check out our new Well video segment , “ Drop and Give Me Twenty ! , ” above .
How ’s your push - up performance ?
Post your comments here .
From Pacman Levels to RSS Feeds
From mathematical tattoos to blogger ones , here are 13 types of tattoos that will give you new ideas if you ever want one .
There are even tattoos of classic video games with a whole Pacman level and some body modifications from serious gamers !
Nerdy tattoos may become the new cool tattoos .
Click through the cluster below for new ideas !
Implications - Geek culture is cooler and more widespread than ever before .
This is largely thanks to the fact that the Internet has become the foremost dominant force in pop culture , and with that realization has come mainstream acceptance of all things nerdy .
From gaming - inspired ink to Web 2.0 bodily decorations , this is one trend that is only growing in popularity .
May 20 , 2009 -- People with Down syndrome hold the key to a new generation of cancer drugs , researchers say .
Solid tumors are very rare in people with Down syndrome .
Why ?
The answer almost certainly lies among the 231 extra genes they inherit with their extra copy of chromosome 21 .
Narrowing the search for the anti-cancer gene is another observation : People with Down syndrome rarely get diseases linked to the overgrowth of blood vessels .
Might the anti-cancer effect of Down syndrome be linked to something that blocks the growth of new blood vessels ?
To find out , Sandra Ryeom , PhD , and colleagues at Children 's Hospital Boston designed a clever series of experiments .
One of the genes on chromosome 21 encodes a protein that blocks a factor needed for blood vessel growth .
They found that this protein , DSCR1 , is overproduced in people with Down syndrome .
It 's also overproduced in about the same amounts in a mouse model of Down syndrome .
Might the extra protein really affect blood vessel growth ?
When Ryeom and colleagues looked at tumors grown from Down syndrome stem cells , they saw that these cancer cells had fewer blood vessels than cancers grown from normal stem cells .
Further experiments confirmed that DSCR1 inhibited angiogenesis , or blood vessel growth .
Given that people with Down syndrome have 231 extra genes , it 's improbable that DSCR1 is the only one with anti-cancer effects .
And Ryeom and colleagues found evidence that another chromosome 21 gene , Dyrk1A , contributes to the anti-angiogenesis effect .
" I think there may be four or five genes on chromosome 21 that are necessary for angiogenesis suppression , " Ryeom says in a news release .
" It is , perhaps , inspiring that the Down syndrome population provides us with new insight into mechanisms that regulate cancer growth and , by so doing , identifies potential targets for tumor prevention and therapy , " Ryeom and colleagues conclude .
The findings appear in the early online edition of the journal Nature .
Enjoy a collection of some of the dumbest tweets in the history of Twitter .
This takes stupid to a whole new level .
They are pretty hilarious though so without further ado , let 's get going !
1. Baracco Barner
" If baracco barnre is our president , why is he getting involved with Russia , scary "
Hooly shit , where do I even begin ?...
BARACCO BARNER !?
2. Atlanta Backwards
" Atlanta spelled backwards is Atlanta "
I 'm losing faith in humanity .
How can you post this when it 's right there !?
Atlanta - Atnalta * facepalm *
3. Muhammad Ali the terrorist ?
Today 's youth ...
How can you not know who Muhammad Ali was ?!
4 . Bad score on blood test
" I took a blood test today and made a B +.
Any tips so that I can get an A next time "
My head is starting to hurt ...
That 's not how blood types work !
5. Florida not in the US
" ca n't wait to get out of the United States in 10 days ..
Florida here i come "
So ....
You think Florida is another country ?
6 . Socks for hands
" I swear someone needs to invent socks for our hands , my hands are always cold :/ "
There is such an invention ...
Gloves !
GLOVES ! GLOVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES !!!
7 . When I close my eyes I can't see
" Idk if it 's just me but ....
Sometimes when I close my eyes I can't see shit . "
No shit Sherlock !
TEHRAN , Iran ( CNN ) --
Iran 's ruling system is " going to the slaughterhouse " because of the national outrage over last week 's fraudulent presidential election , the Facebook page of Iran 's top opposition presidential candidate quoted him Saturday as saying .
Mir Hossein Moussavi , center , is surrounded by supporters in Tehran , Iran , on Thursday .
The post , attributed to Mir Hossein Moussavi , reasserted his call for a new election to be overseen by an independent council .
The authenticity of the message could not be established .
It was posted in Farsi and translated by CNN .
The post was responding to Iran 's supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , who said in a sermon on Friday that President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad got more than 24 million votes -- nearly double the number Moussavi received .
" Eleven million votes difference ?
Sometimes there 's a margin of 100,000 , 200,000 , or 1 million maximum .
Then one can doubt maybe there has been some rigging or manipulation or irregularities .
But there 's a difference of 11 million votes .
How can vote rigging happen ? " he asked .
Khamenei 's statement confirms a massive manipulation of the vote , according to the Facebook post attributed to Moussavi .
" If the huge volume of vote - rigging -- which has set aflame people 's trust in Iran 's ruling system -- is going to be used as proof for the lack of rigging , then the system is going to the slaughterhouse , " the post stated .
" It will also prove the incompatibility of Islam and democracy . "
By reaffirming Ahmadinejad 's victory , Khamenei and other Iranian authorities " are taking responsibility for what happened , " the Moussavi post said .
The statement said a new election " is an absolute right and should be conducted by an independent council " because the Guardian Council -- Iran 's election authority -- " has shown it 's not an unbiased body . "
Early Sunday ( late Saturday ET ) , a statement attributed to Moussavi and posted on his Facebook page said , " Today you are the media , it is your duty to report and keep the hope alive . "
In an earlier post on Facebook , Moussavi was quoted as saying he is preparing himself for " martyrdom " and called on his supporters to " protest " and " not go to work . "
Journalist Badi Badiozamani contributed to this report .
All About Ayatollah Ali Khamenei • Mahmoud Ahmadinejad • Mir Hossein Moussavi
The law exempting Tennessee from federal gun regulations , while having little immediate effect , may have broader implications down the road .
It comes as part of a states ’- rights movement that tries to test the limits of federal power .
The Tennessee bill is nearly identical to one signed into law in Montana and similar to ones under consideration in other states .
Since Montana ’s law does not take effect until Oct. 1 , the one in Tennessee , which takes effect July 1 , could become the first test case in the courts .
“ The purpose of this bill is to let people know we have state sovereignty and the federal government has no business telling us what to do , ” State Senator Mae Beavers , a Mount Juliet Republican who sponsored the bill , said in an interview .
The new laws in Tennessee , coming soon after the recent shooting in a church in Kansas of a doctor who performed late - term abortions , and the shooting of a guard at the Holocaust museum in Washington , have prompted intense comment on local Web sites like www.commercialappeal.com, www.knoxnews.com and www.tennessean.com.
Brian Malte , director of state legislation for the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence , said Tennessee already had among the least restrictive gun laws in the country .
Still , Mr. Malte said , the flurry of pro-gun bills was highly unusual and reflected a push by the gun lobby in a state with a newly sympathetic legislature , of which both houses are now controlled by Republicans .
Gun-rights advocates say expanded rights are needed so that law - abiding citizens can protect themselves in more situations .
The new Tennessee laws also include measures that will allow permit holders to carry guns in bars and restaurants , if they are not drinking alcohol , and to carry a loaded rifle or shotgun in their vehicles if the ammunition is in the magazine but not in the chamber , although it can be in the chamber for purposes of self - defense .
Jewish World Review Advancement of technology is a wake - up call for humanity By Rabbi Yonason Goldson
A previous century sage 's lesson is magnified exponentially by the phenomenon of the Internet .
The message is one well worth internalizing
http://www.JewishWorldReview.com |
Imagine you 're on a family vacation half way around the world .
You turn a corner and behold  your own life - size portrait beams back at you from a local storefront .
Impossible ?
Danielle Smith does n't think so anymore .
It was n't Ms. Smith herself but an old college friend who spotted the Missouri resident and her family adorning a shop window as he was driving through the streets of Prague .
The picture , sent out to friends by the Smith family on their holiday greeting cards , had found its way via the Internet to the front of a trendy grocery store in the Czech Republic .
The friend snapped a few pictures and sent them to Ms. Smith , leaving her scratching her head .
" This story does n't frighten me , " she said , " but the potential frightens me . "
In truth , the story should n't come as much of a surprise at all .
With increasing frequency we hear stories of pictures surfacing on the Internet for all to see  often causing consternation or profound embarrassment , sometimes destroying marriages , careers , and reputations .
In a world nearly bereft of personal privacy , where cameras hide in every cellphone and on every street corner , only the terminally naive imagine that any action can go completely unnoticed .
An office party , a late night ramble , a weekend in Fort Lauderdale over spring break a dozen years ago  any of these fleeting and forgotten episodes could easily come back to haunt us tomorrow , reminding us of a momentary lapse of good judgment in the most public and irretrievable way .
A WORLD GROWN SMALLER
Ironically , although the technology is relatively new , the identical lesson was taught nearly a century ago by the last great sage of European Jewy , Rabbi Yisroel Meir Kagan , in whose time two new devices began to gain popularity throughout western society : the telephone and the motion picture .
Always observing the world around him through the lens of Jewish philosophy , Rabbi Kagan pondered what the technological innovations of his day could teach the modern Jew about his place and purpose in the world .
He concluded that these novelties might provide concrete examples of Torah principles for a humanity growing ever more desensitized to the presence of spirituality in the lives .
Before the invention of the telephone , most people depended upon hand delivered letters if they sought contact with people or places far from home .
Slow and unreliable , the inefficiency of communication made the world a much larger place , with news of friends , family , and distant communities lagging days , weeks , or even months behind actual events .
Conversely , the effect of one 's own actions beyond the limits of one 's village or neighborhood seemed insignificant .
Similarly , before the invention of motion pictures , the moments of our lives seemed particularly transient .
The actions of one instant disappeared from consciousness the next , forgotten by others and often by us as well .
Only acts that left something enduring behind seemed to have permanence : the building of a barn , the planting of a field , the birthing of a calf .
But day - to - day existence left no mark upon the physical world and , consequently , no mark upon people 's hearts and minds .
And then all that changed .
Almost overnight people and communities across Europe became connected to one another .
More gradually , but even more dramatically , the preservation of moving images wove itself into the fabric of the human psyche .
The world contracted , collective memory expanded , and society began to think and act in ways never before imagined .
WAKE -UP CALL
Rabbi Kagan interpreted these inventions as a wake - up call .
According to Torah philosophy , we live not in isolation but intimately connected to the Creator who dwells at the heart of the universe .
Our actions do not pass out of existence from moment to moment but are preserved for all eternity .
And so , just as the world was slipping over the brink of moral oblivion under the influence of nihilism and secular " enlightenment , " Rabbi Kagan saw the telephone and the motion picture as gifts from the Master of the World , providing compelling paradigms of how our actions truly matter , how they can be perceived across the world and preserved for generations .
The phenomenon of the Internet magnifies Rabbi Kagan 's lesson exponentially .
After posting the story of the photo , Danielle Smith has had some 200,000 hits on her family Website .
Today , news and images travel with nearly unlimited speed and circulation .
A single picture can become a cause celebre literally overnight  bringing with it inspiration or humiliation , comic irony or personal devastation .
So too our actions .
One small deed may send out ripples like a stone cast into still waters , traveling to the farthest reaches of the farthest shore , unrecognized for what it has wrought but no less relevant for its unseen origins .
Nothing we do is meaningless , no action of ours goes unnoticed , and everything is recorded for the final day of reckoning we must all face when we reach the end of our lives , which we will look back on the accumulated moments of our existence .
If we take Rabbi Kagan 's lesson to heart , rather than burning with the shame of opportunities lost we will exult in the awesome potential we have achieved .
JewishWorldReview.com regularly publishes uplifting articles .
Sign up for the daily JWR update .
It 's free .
Just click here .
Comment by clicking here .
JWR contributor Rabbi Yonason Goldson teaches at Block Yeshiva High School in St. Louis , MO , where he also writes and lectures .
Visit him at http://torahideals.wordpress.com .
© 2009 , Rabbi Yonason Goldson
Fun Script , also known as F - Script , is a command - line based interactive Cocoa shell .
The open source F - Script offers a new way to create and interact with Cocoa objects using a simple scripting language and a Smalltalk - like development environment .
Recently , the F - Script shell went beta , providing a new way to interactively build Cocoa .
Moving from Objective - C to F - Script
F - Script , for all its Cocoa support , uses syntax that 's similar to but not the same as Objective - C .
The assignment operator is := and not =. Instead of delineating strings with @ " " , F - Script uses single quotes .
Object / message pairs do not appear in square brackets ; they 're just listed one after another .
Statements are separated by a period , not a semicolon .
This " almost - but - not - quite " approach is pervasive .
On the one hand , everything seems really familiar but coding according to your normal Objective - C habits is bound to trip you up unless you internalize the F - Script way of doing things , an internalization that I was personally unable to achieve to any degree of reliable recall .
A language overview entitled Learn F - Script in 20 Minutes lays out the Objective - C/F - Script differences , showing you how to transform familiar Cocoa - style calls into F - Script ones .
That 's not to say that everything transforms without error .
I ended up crashing F - Script over and over again when trying to perform selectors , a feature that 's not entirely stable .
For the curious , the @selector ( ) syntax of Objective - C transforms into a selector name prefixed with the pound ( # ) sign in F - Script .
Here 's a block object , which uses square brackets to delineate its statements .
To run such blocks , use the value method to evaluate the code .
This block causes the system object to beep :
beepScript := [ sys beep ] .
beepScript value .
For target - action pairs , you 'd pass the block as the target and the #value selector as the action .
Using F - Script to do stuff
The biggest problem with F - Script is that you need to go in having a really good idea of how you 'd do something in Cocoa .
Before you even start building your code , you sort of have to already have figured it out .
That 's because the calls remain as literal in F - Script as in Cocoa : all the little numeric fussy adjustments you 'd normally make in Xcode remain in F - Script without a simplifying set of classes to do all the basic tasks you 'd imagine that a system like this could provide .
Consider typical Cocoa code that creates an NSWindow , orders it out , gives it a title and starts populating it with sub-views .
This could n't get any more standard in its approach and yet I was really hoping for lightweight window and dialog features that would simplify the job for me .
> foo := ' hello world ' > foo ' hello world ' > foo length 11 > foo uppercaseString ' HELLO WORLD ' > foo uppercaseString has Prefix : ' HELL ' true
Yes , you retain all the control and style of the original Cocoa classes but you also inherit the Cocoa bookkeeping that comes along with creating these classes .
You have to build exact extents and frames for each object and consider how each one is placed on - screen .
So you win in terms of the interactive nature of F - Script but you do n't move past the fussy little details that come along with Cocoa .
Aromatherapy Diffusers
Scented candles are a great way to bring wonderful fragrance to a room , but they are not always the ideal choice .
Candles cannot be left burning unattended , can pose a danger to pets and children , and can pose a fire hazard .
Many office buildings , hotels , and nursing homes do not allow them .
If you want to add scent to a room , you can only use candles for a limited time .
When you leave the room , you need to extinguish your candle .
This means that when you return to the room , your favorite fragrance will not be there to greet you .
You will need to relight the scented candle to enjoy the fragrance again .
In situations where candles are just not possible , aromatherapy diffusers are a wonderful alternative .
Aromatherapy reed diffusers include oil , diffuser reeds , and a decorative jar or glass .
These diffusers are simple to use .
Simply place the diffuser reeds in the oil and once the reeds are coated well with the oil , simply turn them upside down in the glass or jar , so that the coated part of the reed is exposed to the air .
The reeds will diffuse scent through an entire room for months .
You can periodically re-coat the reeds for a more prominent fragrance .
Once the oil evaporates , you can replace the oil and reeds .
There are many advantages to aromatherapy reed diffusers :
Despite the fact that tasing a full - grown man borders on excessive , a Texas cop found it necessary to tase a 72 - year - old woman because she was yelling at him .
And the slightly horrific , slightly hilarious farce was all caught on camera .
Advertisement
The Travis County cop says that he had to pull out the Taser last week because she would n't sign her ticket and then started to act violent .
Sadly , his commanding officer backed him up .
Now look here , piggies : I 'd be tempted to tase the woman too for getting out of line when you may or may not be trying to do your job .
But seriously , you could toss her in a cop car with one arm tied behind your back if you wanted to .
And using a leopard - print taser does n't count .
Just because it looks feminine does n't mean it packs any less of a punch .
Advertisement
Also , thank god the cop cam had video AND audio , because the dialogue from 40 seconds and on made me laugh .
Multiple times ( yes , I 'm going to hell ) .
The best part — the cop actually expected her to put her arms behind her back after being tased .
Aaron Sorkin could n't have written that better .
[ Shiny Objects via Obscure Store ]
Zebrafish are often used to investigate biological processes A natural bleach produced by the body appears to play a key role in marshalling the immune system to fight off infection and heal wounds .
US scientists , working on zebrafish , which have similar genes to humans , found a burst of hydrogen peroxide is released following a tissue injury .
This seems to be the signal for white blood cells to converge at the site of damage and begin the healing process .
The Nature study may help explain conditions such as asthma .
Asthma , obstruction in the lungs and some inflammatory gut diseases have all been linked to high levels of white blood cells .
Although zebrafish would at first appear to have nothing in common with humans , they do have similar genes and are widely used to investigate biological processes .
This study could provide new insight on immune function and the causes of various inflammatory diseases in humans
Dr Leslie Knapp
University of Cambridge
The researchers , from Harvard Medical School , inserted into the fish a gene that glows in the presence of hydrogen peroxide .
They discovered that when the tail fins of these fish were injured , a burst of hydrogen peroxide was released from the wound and into the surrounding tissue .
Teams of white blood cells appeared to respond to this chemical signal , arriving at the site of the wound to begin the healing process .
When the researchers blocked the ability to produce hydrogen peroxide , white blood cells failed to respond to the injury .
Mysterious signal Researcher Professor Timothy Mitchison said : " We 've known for quite some time that when the body is wounded , white blood cells show up , and it 's really a spectacular piece of biology because these cells detect the wound at some distance .
" But we have n't known what they 're responding to .
We do know something about what summons white blood cells to areas that are chronically inflamed , but in the case of an isolated physical wound , we have n't really known what the signal is . "
In the human body , hydrogen peroxide is produced primarily in three places - the lung , gut and thyroid gland .
Professor Mitchison said : " Perhaps in conditions like asthma , the lung epithelia is producing too much hydrogen peroxide because it 's chronically irritated , which , if our findings translate to humans , would explain inappropriate levels of white blood cells .
" This is certainly a question worth pursuing . "
Dr Leslie Knapp , of the University of Cambridge , said : " Although hydrogen peroxide is routinely used for wound cleaning and prevention of infection , some laboratory - based studies suggest that hydrogen peroxide can have a negative effect on the healing process by interfering with the activities of cells that form connective tissue .
" This new study , involving a living organism , could provide new insight on immune function and the causes of various inflammatory diseases in humans . "
Dr Elaine Vickers , of the charity Asthma UK , said hydrogen peroxide levels did appear to be higher in the lungs of people with asthma , but it was not clear why .
" We welcome any research that increases our understanding of the role that hydrogen peroxide plays in the body .
" This could shed light on the causes of asthma symptoms and potentially lead to new avenues for creating future asthma treatments . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
BRUSSELS ( Reuters ) -
Top mobile telephone suppliers have agreed to back an EU - wide harmonization of phone chargers , the European Commission said on Monday , hailing the pact as good news for consumers and the environment .
European Industry Commissioner Guenter Verheugen shows a mobile phone charger at a news conference in Brussels June 29 , 2009 .
Top mobile telephone suppliers have agreed to back an EU - wide harmonisation of phone chargers , the European Commission said on Monday , hailing the pact as good news for consumers and the environment .
REUTERS / Thierry Roge
The agreement by Nokia , Sony Ericsson and other industry majors will mean phones compatible with standard charging devices are available in Europe from next year , said the EU executive , which has pushed for such a deal .
“ People will not have to throw away their charger whenever they buy a new phone , ” said EU Industry Commissioner Guenter Verheugen , estimating that unwanted phone accessories accounted for thousands of tons of waste in Europe each year .
The Commission said the agreement would involve the creation of an EU norm , and that the new generation of mobile phones would use a standard micro-USB socket to ensure compatibility .
There are an estimated 400 million mobile phones in Europe , with 185 million bought each year .
The chargers will be usable only for data - enabled phones , which have more capability than just standard calls and SMS texts .
Data - enabled phones are expected to account for almost half of all new mobile handset purchases in 2010 .
The Commission hopes that as people discard their old handsets , within three to four years all data - enabled phones in Europe will be using standardized chargers .
New data - enabled phones will come with a standardized charger but after an unspecified time the two items will be sold separately , industry group DigitalEurope said .
The director of DigitalEurope , Bridget Cosgrave , said the price of such chargers had not yet been determined .
Motorola , Apple , LG , NEC , Qualcomm , Research in Motion , Samsung and Texas Instruments have also signed the agreement , the Commission said .
The 10 companies involved control 90 percent of the European market .
The standardized chargers will be compatible only with European phones , but Verheugen said he hoped other countries would follow Europe ’s lead .
“ We ’re assuming this new European initiative will have a knock - on effect globally and manufacturers wo n’t just be doing this on the European market , ” Verheugen said .
A group of U.S. senators plans to discuss possible issues with handset exclusivity deals this week , and they 've asked the Federal Communications Commission to also examine the practice .
On Monday , four members of the Commerce Subcommittee on Communications , Technology and the Internet sent a letter to the FCC expressing their concern around agreements , like the one between Apple and AT&T , that allow an operator to exclusively sell a phone for a period of time .
Based on a request that a group of rural operators sent asking the FCC to examine the practice , the senators say they wonder if the exclusive agreements restrict customer choice of handsets depending on the user 's geographic location , limit a consumer 's ability to use certain technologies like multimedia messaging services and tethering , inhibit the ability of smaller operators to compete and discourage innovation in the handset market .
Senators John Kerry , a Democrat from Massachusetts ; Roger Wicker , a Republican from Mississippi ; Byron Dorgan , a Democrat from North Dakota ; and Amy Klobuchar , a Democrat from Minnesota , signed the letter .
It 's a hot issue in the mobile market particularly since the emergence of the popular iPhone .
AT&T has clearly benefited from its two - year exclusive deal for the iPhone .
In the first quarter , AT&T signed up 1.6 million iPhone customers , presumably some of whom migrated from other operators .
Other new hot phones have also been tied to a particular operator .
Verizon exclusively sells the first touch - screen BlackBerry , the Storm , and Sprint got the newest Palm , the Pre .
Small operators , which often offer services in rural areas where the large operators do n't have coverage , say that such deals put them and their customers at a disadvantage .
" Exclusive handset contracts divide wireless customers into ' have 's ' and ' have not 's ' with many customers in rural areas having no option to subscribe to the services of the large , national carriers , thus denying these customers access to the most desirable and advanced handsets that are only available through exclusive arrangements with the national carriers , " wrote U.S. Cellular , in support of the request for rule - making filed by Rural Cellular Association .
" Turning rural consumers into second class customers by blocking their access to smartphones and other innovative handsets is not consistent with the purposes and policies of the Act , " the operator wrote , referring to the Telecommunications Act .
The rural operators say that the deals could challenge their ability to continue to serve rural customers .
" Handset exclusivity arrangements threaten the ability of Tier
II and Tier III wireless carriers and new entrants to compete effectively with nationwide carriers , thereby jeopardizing their ability to continue providing service in remote areas not adequately served by the nationwide carriers , " RCA wrote .
But the nationwide operators argue that the FCC does n't have the right to regulate such deals , and some say that the exclusive agreements benefit end -users .
" In the absence of exclusivity agreements , wireless carriers would have less incentive to develop and promote innovative handsets , because other providers would have immediate access to the handsets without having made any investment in research and design , " Verizon wrote in its comments to the RCA request .
The operator cites its competitor 's deal with Apple .
" Verizon points to Apple 's iPhone as an example of how technological innovation can become widespread throughout the wireless industry , even though the iPhone itself is subject to an exclusivity arrangement .
Other vendors are designing their own iPhone - like devices , enabling service providers to compete with the iPhone on price , brand loyalty , and network differences .
This provides more choices to consumers , " Verizon argues .
The Commerce Committee expects to hold a hearing on the issue on Wednesday .
Because I want to see what this whole jail thing is all about , here 's Miley Cyrus ' in Miami today proving there should be a law ag ...
Scientists in the UK and Finland have shown that white phosphorus , a highly reactive and potentially toxic form of the element , can be stabilised in air indefinitely when imprisoned inside a self - assembling molecular cage .
The discovery could allow for safer storage of the material and other hazardous substances and potentially may be useful for soaking up harmful chemicals in the environment , say the researchers .
Last year , a team led by Jonathan Nitschke at the University of Cambridge , UK , developed a molecular cage from iron ions held together by organic linkers , and demonstrated it could encapsulate small hydrophobic molecules .
Now , Nitschke and colleagues have discovered that white phosphorus molecules , which are hydrophobic , neatly match the size and shape of the cage ’s cavity .
Interestingly , the contained phosphorus does not spontaneously combust in air as it would under normal conditions .
What ’s more , the phosphorus is not permanently trapped but can be released by flooding it out with benzene .
’ It was a bit of a leap of faith to try phosphorus and it just worked , ’ says Nitschke .
’ Phosphorus has been known to be a very nasty customer for many hundreds of years and so we ’ve caged this ancient demon in a way that its behaviour is fundamentally changed , ’ he adds .
Similar container molecules have been developed previously and the chemistry involved is relatively simple , explains Mike Ward , who works on container molecules at the University of Sheffield .
’ But it would never have occurred to me to react one of these container molecules with phosphorus , ’ he says .
’ I thought it would eat it for breakfast but all that happens is that the phosphorus molecule obediently sits inside the cage and becomes completely stable .
So having the idea was very , very clever . ’
The molecular cage self - assembles in water from simple organic subcomponents and iron ( II ) ions .
Because both the cage and phosphorous molecules are tetrahedral ( pyramidal ) in shape and of similar size they compliment each other almost perfectly .
The phosphorus is stabilised because when it usually reacts with oxygen it gains volume .
’ But there is not enough space inside the cage for it to oxidise so it is constricted within the space of the cage , ’ says Nitschke .
Environmental Action
Apart from demonstrating the proof of principal that such a volatile molecule can be stabilised indefinitely and reversibly , the team suggest their work could have potential environmental applications .
’ It may be a way to get rid of phosphorus where you do n’t want it , such as left over phosphorus in a warzone , ’ suggests Nitschke .
However , Ward is doubtful that this will be useful for large scale environmental problems .
’ If it ’s an environmental issue you ’re not talking milligrams here , you ’re talking tonnes , ’ says Ward .
’ I doubt that it ’s going to have a bulk application on an environmental scale because the molecule involved would be too expensive and difficult to synthesise on that scale . ’
But co-author of the paper Kari Rissanen from the University of Jyvaskyla , Finland , holds hope for an environmental application .
’ Maybe in the future it will be possible .
What we postulated is that it might be possible with this kind of idea but of course in this case the container molecule is too small for bigger business . ’
Ward is , however , optimistic that this kind of chemistry may enable highly selective drug targeting .
’ You ’d only need a few milligrams so that ’s an entirely feasible future development , ’ he adds .
James Urquhart
Interesting ?
Spread the word using the ’ tools ’ menu on the left .
The misuse of antibiotics around the world is increasing due , in part , to diagnostic uncertainty and patient expectations .
One of the most common causes of antibiotic use in the United States , as well as other industrialized nations , is lower respiratory tract infections ( LRTIs ) .
Unfortunately , LRTIs are , for the most part , unresponsive to antibiotics .
The inappropriate use of such antibiotics , therefore , increases medical costs , increases the risk for side effects and drug interactions , and — most importantly — increases the risk for the development of antimicrobial resistance .
In the past few years , many health care agencies and organizations have promoted programs to reduce the use of unnecessary antibiotics .
These programs have included everything from prescriber training to patient education to additional diagnostic testing , and only a few programs have seen moderate success in reducing the use of unnecessary antibiotics .
A new study in the British Medical Journal ( BMJ ) evaluated yet another approach to promoting judicious antibiotic use and concluded that the most effective method of decreasing antibiotic use is a combination of diagnostic testing and enhanced physician - patient communication .
The BMJ study evaluated 413 patients with suspected LRTIs among 40 general practitioners in the Netherlands .
Practitioners used a C - reactive protein ( CRP ) point of care test and enhanced communications techniques , alone and in combination .
This assessment of a disease or diagnostic approach versus a patient - centered approach is similar to other studies conducted , and observed that antibiotics were prescribed significantly less often in the CRP test group versus the no test group ( 31 % versus 53 % ) .
Similarly , antibiotics were prescribed significantly less often in the enhanced communication group ( 27 % ) compared with the group that practiced traditional communication techniques ( 54 % ) .
The practitioners who used a combination of CRP testing and enhanced communication skills prescribed antibiotics the least .
These interventions did not affect patients ’ recovery or satisfaction with care received .
The thoughtful and appropriate use of antibiotics is vital for reducing the global crisis of antibiotic resistance .
Patient demands and lack of prescriber training and education contribute to the over -use and misuse of antibiotics for conditions for which they are ineffective .
The current study is just one in a long line of similar appraisals that promote patient - centered approaches , including education and communication , as important factors in reducing unnecessary antibiotic use .
While nearly every health care professional acknowledges the general need to use antibiotics appropriately , most do not view it as a problem they can fix themselves and most have not altered their own prescribing habits , even in light of the increasing concern of antibiotic resistance .
While the authors of the current study are doing their part to increase awareness of appropriate antibiotic use , it is a little disheartening that physicians need a randomized , controlled clinical trial and a peer - reviewed journal article to encourage them to communicate with their patients .
References
Briel M , Langewitz W , Tschudi P , Young J , Hugenschmidt C , Bucher HC .
Communication training and antibiotic use in acute respiratory tract infections .
A cluster randomised controlled trial in general practice .
Swiss Med Wkly .
Apr 15 2006;136(15-16):241-247 .
Cals , J. , Butler , C. , Hopstaken , R. , Hood , K. , & Dinant , G. ( 2009 ) .
Effect of point of care testing for C reactive protein and training in communication skills on antibiotic use in lower respiratory tract infections : cluster randomised trial BMJ , 338 ( may05 1 ) DOI : 10.1136/bmj.b1374
Cals JW , Hopstaken RM , Butler CC , Hood K , Severens JL , Dinant GJ .
Improving management of patients with acute cough by C - reactive protein point of care testing and communication training ( IMPAC3T ) : study protocol of a cluster randomised controlled trial .
BMC Fam Pract .
2007 ; 8:15 .
DOI : 10.1186/1471-2296-8-15
Francis NA , Hood K , Simpson S , Wood F , Nuttall J , Butler CC .
The effect of using an interactive booklet on childhood respiratory tract infections in consultations : study protocol for a cluster randomised controlled trial in primary care .
BMC Fam Pract .
2008 ; 9:23 .
DOI : 10.1186/1471-2296-9-23
Spurling GK , Del Mar CB , Dooley L , Foxlee R. Delayed antibiotics for respiratory infections .
Cochrane Database Syst Rev. 2007 ( 3 ) : CD004417 .
DOI : 10.1002/14651858.CD004417.pub3
The spores arrived from Kenya on dried , infected leaves ensconced in layers of envelopes .
Working inside a bio-secure greenhouse outfitted with motion detectors and surveillance cameras , government scientists at the Cereal Disease Laboratory in St. Paul , Minn. , suspended the fungal spores in a light mineral oil and sprayed them onto thousands of healthy wheat plants .
After two weeks , the stalks were covered with deadly reddish blisters characteristic of the scourge known as Ug99 .
Nearly all the plants were goners .
Crop scientists fear the Ug99 fungus could wipe out more than 80 % of worldwide wheat crops as it spreads from eastern Africa .
It has already jumped the Red Sea and traveled as far as Iran .
Experts say it is poised to enter the breadbasket of northern India and Pakistan , and the wind will inevitably carry it to Russia , China and even North America -- if it does n’t hitch a ride with people first .
Advertisement
“ It ’s a time bomb , ” said Jim Peterson , a professor of wheat breeding and genetics at Oregon State University in Corvallis .
“ It moves in the air , it can move in clothing on an airplane .
We know it ’s going to be here .
It ’s a matter of how long it ’s going to take . ”
Though most Americans have never heard of it , Ug99 -- a type of fungus called stem rust because it produces reddish - brown flakes on plant stalks -- is the No. 1 threat to the world ’s most widely grown crop .
The International Maize and Wheat Improvement Center in Mexico estimates that 19 % of the world ’s wheat , which provides food for 1 billion people in Asia and Africa , is in imminent danger .
American plant breeders say $ 10 billion worth of wheat would be destroyed if the fungus suddenly made its way to U.S. fields .
Fear that the fungus will cause widespread damage has caused short - term price spikes on world wheat markets .
Famine has been averted thus far , but experts say it ’s only a matter of time .
Advertisement
“ A significant humanitarian crisis is inevitable , ” said Rick Ward , the coordinator of the Durable Rust Resistance in Wheat project at Cornell University in Ithaca , N.Y .
The solution is to develop new wheat varieties that are immune to Ug99 .
That ’s much easier said than done .
After several years of feverish work , scientists have identified a mere half - dozen genes that are immediately useful for protecting wheat from Ug99 .
Incorporating them into crops using conventional breeding techniques is a nine - to 12 - year process that has only just begun .
And that process will have to be repeated for each of the thousands of wheat varieties that is specially adapted to a particular region and climate .
“ All the seed needs to change in the next few years , ” said Ronnie Coffman , a plant breeder who heads the Durable Rust Resistance in Wheat project .
“ It ’s really an enormous undertaking . ”
Advertisement
Ancient adversary
Farmers have been battling stem rust for as long as they have grown wheat .
The fungus ’ ancestors infected wild grasses for millions of years before people began cultivating them for food , said Jorge Dubcovsky , professor of genetics and plant breeding at UC Davis .
“ The pathogen keeps mutating and evolving , ” he said .
“ It ’s one of our biblical pests .
This is not a small enemy . ”
When a spore lands on a green wheat plant , it forms a pustule that invades the outer layers of the stalk .
The pustule hijacks the plant ’s water and nutrients and diverts them to produce new rust spores instead of grain .
Within two weeks of an initial attack , there can be millions of pustules in a 2.5 - acre patch of land .
Advertisement
Wheat plants that can recognize a specific chemical produced by stem rust can mount a defense against the fungus .
But the rust is able to mutate , evade the plant ’s immune system and resume its spread .
Stem rust destroyed more than 20 % of U.S. wheat crops several times between 1917 and 1935 , and losses reached nearly 9 % twice in the 1950s .
The last major outbreak , in 1962 , destroyed 5.2 % of the U.S. crop , according to Peterson , who chairs the National Wheat Improvement Committee .
The fungus was kept at bay for years by breeders who slowly and methodically incorporated different combinations of six major stem rust resistance genes into various varieties of wheat .
The breeders thought it unlikely that the rust could overcome clusters of those genes at the same time .
After several outbreak - free decades , it seemed that stem rust had been defeated for good .
Scientists switched to other topics , and the hunt for new resistance genes practically slowed to a crawl .
Advertisement
A new strain of stem rust was identified on a wheat farm in Uganda in 1999 .
“ It did n’t draw a lot of attention , frankly , ” said Marty Carson , research leader at the Cereal Disease Laboratory , part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture .
“ There ’s very little wheat grown in Uganda . ”
East Africa is a natural hot spot for stem rust .
Weather conditions allow farmers to grow wheat year - round , so rust spores can always find a susceptible host .
Some of the wheat is grown as high as 7,000 feet above sea level , where intense solar radiation helps the fungus mutate .
The highlands are also home to barberry bushes , the only plant on which stem rust is known to reproduce through sexual recombination .
That genetic shuffling provides a golden opportunity for the fungus to evolve into a deadly strain .
Advertisement
Within a few years , Ug99 -- named for the country and year it was identified -- had devastated farms in neighboring Kenya , where much of the wheat is grown on large - scale farms that have so far been able to absorb the blow .
Then it moved north to Ethiopia , Sudan and Yemen , putting more small farms at risk .
Those that can afford it are trying to make do with fungicides , but that ’s too cumbersome and expensive to be a long - term solution , Ward said .
To make matters worse , the fungus is becoming more virulent as it spreads .
Scientists discovered a Ug99 variant in 2006 that can defeat Sr24 , a resistance gene that protects Great Plains wheat .
Last year , another variant was found with immunity to Sr36 , a gene that safeguards Eastern wheat .
Should those variants make their way to U.S. fields any time soon , scientists would be hard - pressed to protect American wheat crops .
Advertisement
A laborious task
Now the pressure is on to develop new wheat varieties that are impervious to Ug99 .
Hundreds of varieties will need to be upgraded in the U.S. alone .
“ You ca n’t just breed it into one or two major varieties and expect to solve the problem , ” Peterson said .
“ You have to reinvent this wheel at almost a local level . ”
The first step is to identify Ug99 resistance genes by finding wheat plants that can withstand the deadly fungus .
Advertisement
Roughly 16,000 wheat varieties and other plants have been tested in the cereal disease lab over the last four years .
The tests were conducted between Dec. 1 and the end of February , when the Minnesota weather is so frigid that escaping spores would quickly perish , Carson said .
These and similar efforts at a research station in Kenya have turned up only a handful of promising resistance genes , which crop breeders such as Brett Carver at Oklahoma State University in Stillwater are trying to import into vulnerable strains of wheat .
Each year , Carver crosses hundreds of plants in a greenhouse to produce as many as 50,000 candidate strains .
Over the next four years , those are winnowed down , and the most promising 2,000 are planted in the field .
Only the hardiest strains are replanted each year , until the 12 - year process results in a single new variety with dozens of valuable traits , such as the ability to withstand drought and make fluffy bread .
Advertisement
The oldest of the plants Carver bred for Ug99 resistance are only 3 years old , but one of the strains has been planted in the field already in case the fungus hitches a quick ride to the U.S. on an airplane or in a shipping container .
“ In the absence of stem rust , it would not be the highest - yielding wheat , ” he said .
“ In the presence of stem rust , it would be the only thing that would survive . ”
--
karen.kaplan@latimes.com
Professor Ingeborg M. Rocker of Rocker - Lange Architects and students at the Graduate School of Design at Harvard University , USA , have used a robot to build an undulating double - wall structure .
The robot arm was programmed to place 4,100 wooden bricks to create complex double - curvature walls .
The project , called On the Bri(n ) ck , was a collaboration between the school 's computer - aided design and computer - aided construction departments .
The wall is on show at the school until 30 June .
Here 's some text from Rocker - Lange Architects :
--
" On the Bri - n - k "
Professor Ingeborg M. Rocker , Rocker - Lange Architects - developed with students at the GSD , Harvard University a robotic built wall
May 2009 , Boston
The exhibition currently shown at the Graduate School of Design , Harvard University , presents a digitally generated and fabricated wall consisting of wooden bricks .
The Project is the outcome of a synthesis of computer generated design and computer aided construction research at the GSD under the guidance of Professor Ingeborg M. Rocker .
The aim of the project was to produce a 1:1 scale wall using the GSD ’s Robotic facilites .
Going beyond the model scale , and working with the Robotic arm set up new design challenges which were tightly linked to the construction techniques , material constraints , and structural limitations encountered in full scale building modus .
Using a modular unit of the masonry brick the team developed a systematic aggregation creating a wall consisting out of 4100 bricks .
The wall ’s double layered running bond varies from a straight line to a maximum undulation , which creates an inhabitable space .
The emerging space and pattern is the resultant of a set of principles ( algorithms ) applied to a simple rectangular brick module , taking into account its material and technical parameters .
The scale , precision , and vast number of units of the final design scheme necessitated an automated process based on script and robotic construction .
Materials , adhesives , work flow optimization , and production techniques were among the many considerations that had to be researched and tested prior to and during each stage of the process .
Ultimately the design manifests the performative potential of bricks , expressed through the wall ’s curvature and porosity as it affects the acoustic and visual qualities of the wall - space created .
Using digital technology these affects were pushed to a new extreme .
Inspired and advised by Professor Rocker the project became realized through the enthusiastic work by student team leaders , Jeff LaBoskey , Teresa McWalters , Misato Odanaka , Benjamin Franceschi , and the Students of the March1 , 1st year .
The teams work was made possible through the coding by Jessica Rosenkrantz , Jesse Louis - Rosenberg and Christian J. Lange , Rocker - Lange Architects .
The studio design by Mathew Swaidan and Jeff LaBoskey served as an initial inspiration for the wall ’s scheme .
Overall the project hopes to highlight the potential of digital fabrication techniques and the role these have in the education of architects .
The Pit
Harvard University
Graduate School of Design
48 Quincy Street
Cambridge , MA 02138 , USA
The first problem is that far from being preprogrammed with a series of hardwired mental modules , as the E.P. types assert , our brains are fluid and plastic .
We ’re learning that evolution can be a more rapid process than we thought .
It does n’t take hundreds of thousands of years to produce genetic alterations .
Moreover , we ’ve evolved to adapt to diverse environments .
Different circumstances can selectively activate different genetic potentials .
Individual behavior can vary wildly from one context to another .
An arrogant bully on the playground may be meek in math class .
People have kaleidoscopic thinking styles and use different cognitive strategies to solve the same sorts of problems .
Evolutionary psychology leaves the impression that human nature was carved a hundred thousand years ago , and then history sort of stopped ....
David Brooks takes on evolutionary psychology and gets it sort of right
The brain is flexible - it's more than sum of the selective pressures we 've experienced over the course of human evolution ; like a universal Turing Machine , once human intelligence and consciousness reached a certain point , it became capable of functions that were n't specifically selected for .
However , our brains are products of an evolutionary history , they exhibit signs of that evolutionary history , and selection pressures operating 10,000 and 100,000 and 1 million years ago left features that may not be perfectly suited to today 's world .
Sexual selection surely played some role , and , although our minds are pliable , we 're shaped more by nature than many of us would like to think .
Here 's what Brooks should have said : 1 ) Evolutionary psychology is rife with untested and untestable hypotheses .
If you want to speculate about how sexual selection or pre-historic life in the African wilderness shaped the human brain , fine , but you do n't know whether you 're right ( and it 's not science ) until you start putting your ideas to the test .
Evolutionary psychologists are too frequently satisfied with simply cooking up possible evolutionary scenarios .
We really do n't know whether any of them are true , and in some cases , we can probably never know .
2 ) Evolutionary psychology is excessively adaptationist : every feature has to be explained by selection , and yet we know that 's not true .
Evolution is more than natural and sexual selection .
Sometimes you have design compromises - one trait turns out a certain way as a side effect of selection for another trait .
And sometimes things just happen .
Evolution is about more than adaptation , but evolutionary psychologists love to explain everything in terms of adaptation .
The mind is not a blank state : it 's a biological phenomenon , and no deep understanding of anything in biology is possible without taking into account evolution .
But without the rigor of the scientific method , evolutionary psychology easily degenrates into a parlor game .
According to Digitimes , Acer is planning a late October release for a 15 - inch notebook , complete with a glasses - free 3D display that can convert 2D movies into 3D ones .
Advertisement
The story says the notebook would be the first of its kind , and goes onto speculate that it would come equipped with Windows 7 .
All announcements would wait until the release of Win 7 , which has led to speculation that the 3D notebook would come out towards the end of October .
[ Digitimes via Slashdot ]
Following the liberalisation of drug laws in the US state of Massachusetts , Ed Pilkington visits Boston and hears from those who have benefited
Support The Guardian
The Guardian is editorially independent .
And we want to keep our journalism open and accessible to all .
But we increasingly need our readers to fund our work .
See our latest Data & Charts
We fulfill our research agenda through the preparation of working papers , research notes , and major reports , and by convening occasional conferences and symposia to extend and deepen our understanding of particular topics .
Pandemic Expected to Shrink 2020 Remodeling Spending in Majority of Top Metros Expenditures for home improvements are expected to decline in most metros this year .
Read More
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Lord Mandelson has said an e-mail in which he described Gordon Brown as " self - conscious " and " angry " was not intended to be hostile .
The business secretary said the e-mail , written in January 2008 - months before he returned to cabinet - had been " misrepresented " by the Mail on Sunday .
He told the BBC it had simply said the PM had to " be what he is " and not have some " artificial persona " glued to him .
At the same time , Lord Mandelson warned rebel Labour MPs to back Mr Brown .
Asked repeatedly about the e-mail on BBC One 's Andrew Marr Show , he said : " I 'm not going to comment on every stray Chinese whisper , rumour or old e-mail that other people want to make a mountain out of a molehill of . "
Not a pop star
He said the content and context had been " completely misrepresented " .
" It was not hostile to or about the prime minister , " he said .
" What it said is that the prime minister needs to be what he is , be what he stands for and believes in and the values he has - and not listen to people who are trying to glue some artificial persona onto him . "
He added : " The prime minister is a politician , not a pop star .
He concentrates on getting his policies right , not being a showman .
I think Gordon Brown has now achieved the impossible he has made the cabinet even more dysfunctional and divided than it was before
William Hague
Shadow foreign secretary The Mail on Sunday and Sunday Times published extracts from the e-mail , sent to former Labour spin doctor Derek Draper .
The Sunday Times said they were part of a wider e-mail debate about a book called the Political Brain , by US psychology professor Drew Western , which looked at which qualities made politicians successful .
The paper reported that Lord Mandelson had written that Mr Brown was " not as comfortable in his own skin " as his predecessor , Tony Blair .
He wrote that Mr Brown should " be himself " , adding : " This is not a substitute for policy formulation and taking well - prepared , well - ordered decisions . "
' Not so angry '
He said Mr Brown was " a self - conscious person , physically and emotionally " but said it would improve when he won public approval : " Then he will visibly relax .
He will be enjoying himself .
Not so angry . "
It comes at the end of a bitter week for the prime minister , in which Labour was heavily defeated in local elections , six cabinet ministers left the government and his leadership has come under attack .
Ed and I talked on the phone yesterday and laughed out loud about this stupid fabrication
Lord Mandelson James Purnell 's surprise resignation as work and pensions secretary on Thursday came with a call for Mr Brown to " stand aside to give our party a fighting chance of winning " .
Caroline Flint quit as Europe minister complaining she had been used as " window dressing " .
But shadow foreign secretary William Hague told the BBC it appeared the reshuffle had left the cabinet " even more dysfunctional and divided than it was before " .
Lord Mandelson dismissed newspaper stories that he had clashed with Ed Balls , the schools secretary who had been widely expected to become chancellor in the reshuffle - in the end Alistair Darling remained in the job .
It had been reported that Mr Balls blamed Lord Mandelson for blocking his move to the chancellorship .
But the business secretary said : " Ed and I talked on the phone yesterday and laughed out loud about this stupid fabrication .
It is complete artifice and it is mischievous artifice . "
He also said it was not true to suggest Hazel Blears , who quit as communities secretary on the eve of the local elections , did not like Gordon Brown 's style of leadership .
" On the day she resigned , she rang me , told me why she was leaving the government .
She did not criticise the prime minister and she did not express those sentiments , in her letter or in public or since . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
ONS stands for Official Nintendo Seal , the esteemed honor that Nintendo bestows its retail products .
This is of course slightly downgraded from the previous honor , the Official Nintendo Seal of Quality .
The new version is a refreshing , almost stupid disclosure of the product 's lack of quality .
It 's like telling consumers , " If we felt right about describing this as good , we would . "
The Official Nintendo Seal , because " Look , guy .
I 'm going through a real messy divorce , and every morning I come to work to this huge pile of kids games .
I do n't really have time to try them all out .
Maybe my wife 's new teenage boyfriend does , " does n't fit on a sticker .
Classic gamers know that even back when its games legally had quality , a lot of suck got through Nintendo 's quality filters .
Now , with all oversights on suck lifted , may God help your Nintendo .
Bad video games are stealing money from the stupid faster than Amazing Sea Monkeys and magic candy bar salesmen combined .
The actual numbers would astonish you , so instead here are two others : 12 , seventy - umpleen * .
* Novelty economic figures .
In this installment of the ONS awards , I 'm focusing entirely on the Nintendo DS .
In a recent television campaign , glamorous celebrities are depicted enjoying quirky , fun games .
Sexy BeyoncÃ© giggling at Rhythm Heaven ?
When is the media going to show an accurate representation of the Nintendo DS ?
Where are the " normal " women with bad skin , healthy hips and gills struggling through a game based on the monster truck , Bigfoot , with their cloven pig hands ?
Take back the night !
In the ONS Awards , each game will receive one to five Official Nintendo Seals in the categories of Graphics , Fun and Challenge .
Many of these games were reverse engineered from market research based on how many copies they would sell to people who do n't give a fuck if they 're good or not , so the Graphics , Fun and Challenge will all be of poor quality .
But remember , the Official Nintendo Seal never said anything about quality .
So a high number of Official Nintendo Seals only means MORE not -quality .
If you need an example , picture you 're in a sack race .
The sun in shining , the air is filled with laughter , and you score one ONS for winning the sack race , or five ONS 's if you stay in one place and masturbate into your bag .
Advertisement
5 Grey 's Anatomy Writers often say that there are no bad ideas during brainstorming .
Grey 's
Anatomy likes to extend that policy through the entire writing process until the actors are actually performing a scene about a doctor fucking a ghost or giving someone a feces transplant .
Those , by the way , are real plot points .
Women turn into lesbians , doctors were lizard doctors the whole time ... you know , this could be a really good game !
Graphics :
Like the show , the game centers around boning people in a hospital .
The dreamy men and nutbar slut - women are CGI 'ed as realistically as possible which might have been a mistake .
It ends up creepy .
It feels like you wandered onto a crime scene where a talented but insane man made a lifesize Grey 's Anatomy cast out of mannequins to watch him kill teen runaways .
Hold on , let me try to sum this all up in case the re-release , Grey 's Anatomy : Platinum Edition , wants a box quote : " Sexy ...
You 'll feel like you 're interacting with a murderer 's mannequins !
"
Fun :
All I needed was 30 seconds to realize this was the Game of the Year .
My , no bullshit , first challenge was to coerce Patrick Dempsey into sex .
It gave me a choice between " Play Hard to Get " and " Be Flirtatious . "
So I picked " Be Flirtatious , " put together a three - piece puzzle of Ellen Pompeo using my knowledge of where chins and eyes go on human faces , and did it .
My next goal in the game is to trace a circle to get Meredith to kiss Patrick Dempsey .
I 'm good at video games , so I do .
Long and hard .
And now Patrick Dempsey is giving me some speech about starting a relationship with me .
He can't keep chasing me like this !
What is this I 'm feeling ?
Oooh , my inner woman is so going to town on herself .
God , just look at me !
I feel like a celebrity judge at a Phil Collins dicks - in - the - mouth world record attempt !
Challenge : I have a new pity if not respect for women and the depressing materials they 're given to jerk off with .
Writers often say that there are no bad ideas during brainstorming .
Grey 's
Anatomy likes to extend that policy through the entire writing process until the actors are actually performing a scene about a doctor fucking a ghost or giving someone a feces transplant .
Those , by the way , are real plot points .
Women turn into lesbians , doctors were lizard doctors the whole time ... you know , this could be a really good game !
Like the show , the game centers around boning people in a hospital .
The dreamy men and nutbar slut - women are CGI 'ed as realistically as possible which might have been a mistake .
It ends up creepy .
It feels like you wandered onto a crime scene where a talented but insane man made a lifesize Grey 's Anatomy cast out of mannequins to watch him kill teen runaways .
Hold on , let me try to sum this all up in case the re-release , Grey 's Anatomy : Platinum Edition , wants a box quote : " Sexy ...
You 'll feel like you 're interacting with a murderer 's mannequins !
" All I needed was 30 seconds to realize this was the Game of the Year .
My , no bullshit , first challenge was to coerce Patrick Dempsey into sex .
It gave me a choice between " Play Hard to Get " and " Be Flirtatious . "
So I picked " Be Flirtatious , " put together a three - piece puzzle of Ellen Pompeo using my knowledge of where chins and eyes go on human faces , and did it .
My next goal in the game is to trace a circle to get Meredith to kiss Patrick Dempsey .
I 'm good at video games , so I do .
Long and hard .
And now Patrick Dempsey is giving me some speech about starting a relationship with me .
He can't keep chasing me like this !
What is this I 'm feeling ?
Oooh , my inner woman is so going to town on herself .
God , just look at me !
I feel like a celebrity judge at a Phil Collins dicks - in - the - mouth world record attempt !
I have a new pity if not respect for women and the depressing materials they 're given to jerk off with .
4 Curling DS
I would n't be so insulting as to say that curling is the worst sport ever invented , but a gold medal in this event is so meaningless that if you send one in to Cash4 Gold , they return it with a rejection letter .
You play curling by shoving a stone down the ice while two people with brooms sweep in front of it .
This video game simulation is painstakingly faithful to the proud tradition of cur - where am I ?
I fell asleep typing .
Graphics :
With these competent graphics , you can certainly tell you 're curling .
But given the nature of curling , that 's like giving perfect eyesight to someone watching themselves starve to death over the course of many lifetimes .
Bad graphics would have been more humane in this case .
Fun : Surprise : this is n't fun .
But it 's a sport known for the sheer spectacle of its boring pointlessness , so what did we expect ?
It would be ... impossible ... to make it fun , right ?
Well , let me tell you another story about the impossible .
One day a group of yogurt executives decided to market a yogurt that makes you shit .
Poop yogurt , for your generation .
These yogurt men called themselves Yo- Plus and they needed a graphic designer that could draw a logo that visually said both " taking a shit " and " delicious . "
You might as well design a logo that travels back in time to invent leprechauns and buy stock in George Foreman Grills .
It 's a task that 's fucking impossible flying on a luck dragon .
People do n't want to hear about poop while they eat creamy , lumpy dairy food !
But that genius graphic designer somehow did it .
He or she drew some bubbles churning in a naked woman 's belly that said bowel loosening and fruit flavor all at the same time , and in a world where that can be achieved , some dickhead should have been able to program at least one fleeting moment of fun into a game about curling .
Challenge :
There are some who appreciate the challenge of curling .
They are broomed people who throw themselves into the delicate war that rages between low friction and shoves !
Are you one ?
Well , these unique winter sports fans all have one thing in common : they were born to a mother who competed in mercury eating contests during her first through fourth trimesters .
So please consult with your local genetic research lab before attempting this game or any other wildly retarded activity .
I would n't be so insulting as to say that curling is the worst sport ever invented , but a gold medal in this event is so meaningless that if you send one in to Cash4 Gold , they return it with a rejection letter .
You play curling by shoving a stone down the ice while two people with brooms sweep in front of it .
This video game simulation is painstakingly faithful to the proud tradition of cur - where am I ?
I fell asleep typing .
With these competent graphics , you can certainly tell you 're curling .
But given the nature of curling , that 's like giving perfect eyesight to someone watching themselves starve to death over the course of many lifetimes .
Bad graphics would have been more humane in this case .
Surprise : this is n't fun .
But it 's a sport known for the sheer spectacle of its boring pointlessness , so what did we expect ?
It would be ... impossible ... to make it fun , right ?
Well , let me tell you another story about the impossible .
One day a group of yogurt executives decided to market a yogurt that makes you shit .
Poop yogurt , for your generation .
These yogurt men called themselves Yo- Plus and they needed a graphic designer that could draw a logo that visually said both " taking a shit " and " delicious .
"
You might as well design a logo that travels back in time to invent leprechauns and buy stock in George Foreman Grills .
It 's a task that 's fucking impossible flying on a luck dragon .
People do n't want to hear about poop while they eat creamy , lumpy dairy food !
But that genius graphic designer somehow did it .
He or she drew some bubbles churning in a naked woman 's belly that said bowel loosening and fruit flavor all at the same time , and in a world where that can be achieved , some dickhead should have been able to program at least one fleeting moment of fun into a game about curling .
There are some who appreciate the challenge of curling .
They are broomed people who throw themselves into the delicate war that rages between low friction and shoves !
Are you one ?
Well , these unique winter sports fans all have one thing in common : they were born to a mother who competed in mercury eating contests during her first through fourth trimesters .
So please consult with your local genetic research lab before attempting this game or any other wildly retarded activity .
3 Dreamer : Puppy Trainer
For many years , it was my job to review terrible games .
Which means that I am one of the few people alive with the experience necessary to observe this :
This derivative game brings nothing new to the taking - care - of - puppies genre .
Graphics :
Like the game itself , the graphics in Dreamer : Puppy Trainer seem to have been a long and painful undertaking .
You play a girl working in a kennel , and every tiny detail of her horrible work day is forced upon the player .
You watch your avatar slowly fall apart as she paints fences , brushes dogs , orders shampoo ... and some poor asshole had to draw it all .
You can feel , taste the misery .
The artist somehow took all the soul crushing sadness of his own life and put it into a game about cute puppies , which is an artistic triumph any way you look at it .
Fun : I have to be honest , the idea of taking care of a puppy on a Nintendo is both kinds of gay .
But at least in most puppy games it 's YOUR puppy .
You can feel whatever love or attachment your own sense of patheticalness will allow .
In Dreamer : Puppy Trainer , you do n't even get that .
You 're hosing down some rich bitch 's puppy , rubbing it for hours with your stylus , and when you leave to finish your mopping , you 'll never see it again .
How long will it be before you forget its face ?
Does it think of you ?
They should call this Dreamer : Shitty March Toward Death .
Challenge : I took this game out to make sure it was n't some kind of prank , and in the time it took to inspect it for the Official Nintendo Seal , my DS had managed to lodge five sleeping pills in its cartridge port .
I think it 's trying to kill itself .
For many years , it was my job to review terrible games .
Which means that I am one of the few people alive with the experience necessary to observe this :
This derivative game brings nothing new to the taking - care - of - puppies genre .
Like the game itself , the graphics in Dreamer : Puppy Trainer seem to have been a long and painful undertaking .
You play a girl working in a kennel , and every tiny detail of her horrible work day is forced upon the player .
You watch your avatar slowly fall apart as she paints fences , brushes dogs , orders shampoo ... and some poor asshole had to draw it all .
You can feel , taste the misery .
The artist somehow took all the soul crushing sadness of his own life and put it into a game about cute puppies , which is an artistic triumph any way you look at it .
I have to be honest , the idea of taking care of a puppy on a Nintendo is both kinds of gay .
But at least in most puppy games it 's YOUR puppy .
You can feel whatever love or attachment your own sense of patheticalness will allow .
In Dreamer : Puppy Trainer , you do n't even get that .
You 're hosing down some rich bitch 's puppy , rubbing it for hours with your stylus , and when you leave to finish your mopping , you 'll never see it again .
How long will it be before you forget its face ?
Does it think of you ?
They should call this Dreamer : Shitty March Toward Death .
I took this game out to make sure it was n't some kind of prank , and in the time it took to inspect it for the Official Nintendo Seal , my DS had managed to lodge five sleeping pills in its cartridge port .
I think it 's trying to kill itself .
2 Rafa Nadal Tennis
Not being a big tennis fan , I think Rafa Nadal is the blue Jedi with tentacles on his head .
This means I 'm very disappointed with the totally ordinary nature of this human - on - human tennis video game .
Graphics :
The graphics started as 3D renderings , then got optimized to fit on a 1980s calculator .
Then they were shrunk down and asked to move around and play tennis .
It looks like an archaeologist unearthed a cache of sarcastically bad wood carvings from an ancient latrine .
It 's possible that this game is a historical preservation of caveman art centered around a tennis theme .
Fun : Aside from Rafa himself , there are no real tennis players in the game .
Maybe as a joke , they invented a few .
Fanny Howker , Ivana Zaichenko , all your favorite made up names are there !
As for how it plays ... trying to control Rafa or any of the money - saving imaginary athletes is frustrating at best .
You play through a complicated series of drags and pokes of the stylus .
For example , in order to get tennis star , Horsehop Pantso , to return a serve : run by sliding the stylus , re-angle it to select the power of the return shot , tap quickly to apply spin , then spell your favorite color in Esperanto .
The control scheme is ambitious and , as you can imagine , a massive failure by all the apathetic and incompetent people involved .
So you 're left with something that probably would n't have worked anyway , failing in every direction at once .
It 's like trying to play tennis via a French interpreter and Robocop .
Your opponent serves the ball !
You quickly tell the interpreter to return the serve .
He puts this into a tube and messengers it over to Robocop .
Robocop swoops his head around as he reads the foreign writing and says , " Translating orders from French ... Orders Received !
Robocop engaging tennis ball ! "
Too late , Robocop and Interpreter ... we 're down 14 billion to love , which is tennis for zero .
Challenge : Unreviewed Sorry , I took a short time away from this article to work on the Act 2 of my Robocop and Interpreter pilot .
But it 's hard to come up with any believable conflict , since the only thing that can beat them is tennis , and Robocop killed that in Act 1 .
Maybe you can help .
Send in your ideas for Robocop and Interpreter today !
Not being a big tennis fan , I think Rafa Nadal is the blue Jedi with tentacles on his head .
This means I 'm very disappointed with the totally ordinary nature of this human - on - human tennis video game .
The graphics started as 3D renderings , then got optimized to fit on a 1980s calculator .
Then they were shrunk down and asked to move around and play tennis .
It looks like an archaeologist unearthed a cache of sarcastically bad wood carvings from an ancient latrine .
It 's possible that this game is a historical preservation of caveman art centered around a tennis theme .
Aside from Rafa himself , there are no real tennis players in the game .
Maybe as a joke , they invented a few .
Fanny Howker , Ivana Zaichenko , all your favorite made up names are there !
As for how it plays ... trying to control Rafa or any of the money - saving imaginary athletes is frustrating at best .
You play through a complicated series of drags and pokes of the stylus .
For example , in order to get tennis star , Horsehop Pantso , to return a serve : run by sliding the stylus , re-angle it to select the power of the return shot , tap quickly to apply spin , then spell your favorite color in Esperanto .
The control scheme is ambitious and , as you can imagine , a massive failure by all the apathetic and incompetent people involved .
So you 're left with something that probably would n't have worked anyway , failing in every direction at once .
It 's like trying to play tennis via a French interpreter and Robocop .
Your opponent serves the ball !
You quickly tell the interpreter to return the serve .
He puts this into a tube and messengers it over to Robocop .
Robocop swoops his head around as he reads the foreign writing and says , " Translating orders from French ... Orders Received !
Robocop engaging tennis ball ! "
Too late , Robocop and Interpreter ... we 're down 14 billion to love , which is tennis for zero .
Unreviewed Sorry , I took a short time away from this article to work on the Act 2 of my Robocop and Interpreter pilot .
But it 's hard to come up with any believable conflict , since the only thing that can beat them is tennis , and Robocop killed that in Act 1 .
Maybe you can help .
Send in your ideas for Robocop and Interpreter today !
Ian Member
Posts : 17 Karma : 34 Join Date : Feb 2009 Device : Kindle
Amazon has banned my account - my Kindle is now a ( partial ) brick .
Hi all -
I have been a loyal Amazon.com customer for many years , but today , I received an email stating that I have been banned from the site and my account has been closed , because I apparently have an extraordinary rate of requesting refunds due to a variety of factors .
This is patently not true : I have only returned items that were defective , in complete accordance with their policies .
I was not trying to game the system , I was not trying to get things for free - I just wanted products that worked properly , and if they did n't , they went back .
There was no warning ; in fact , when I asked a question about the lightness of my Kindle 's e-ink , a cs rep said " no problem , I 'll send you a new one " -- and even after I told him " do n't bother if it 's going to be the same , mine is OK " -- he sent a new one anyway .
I have certainly kept thousands of dollars worth of items purchased from Amazon and planned to be a lifelong customer .
The ban from the main site is bad ( and inexplicable ) enough , but ...
I have now discovered that I cannot manage my Kindle2 account ( I can't log into Amazon ) or purchase any new content .
In effect , I now have a $ 359 brick , not covered under any warranty , not able to be used the way it was meant to be , not able to be returned ( not that I even want to , I just want to keep reading ! )
I called customer service several times today ; the supervisors there explained that I cannot use the Kindle store but " I can get content onto the machine different ways . "
I have emailed the proper address , but I 'm not hopeful of a positive solution .
I know you all do n't know me from Adam , but I 'm a good guy and did n't deserve this at all -- and no , I 'm not going to bash Amazon here -- instead , I 'm just going to tell y'all I 'm going to make every call and write every ( professional ) email I can to get this situation resolved .
But please let this be a lesson to all of us - when you buy a Kindle , you are really buying a service -
- and that service can be turned off at a whim .
Not cool at all .
Amazon , do you have any people who monitor these forums ?
As I 've stated , I 'm a loyal customer and would like to believe this is an error or some inadvertent mistake .
Will you make it right ?
Please help .
- Ian
This arrived in my email tonight from Bill Livingston .
It is hot off the press , date June 11th .
I believe WUWT readers will be some of the first to see this .
– Anthony
Guest Essay by :
W. Livingston , National Solar Observatory , 950 N. Cherry Ave , Tucson AZ 85718 ;
M. Penn , National Solar Observatory , Tucson AZ
Physical conditions in the infrared at 1.5 microns , including maximum magnetic field strength and temperature , have been observed spectroscopically in 1391 sunspots 1990 to 2009 ( 1 ) .
We emphasize the quantitative difference between our IR sunspot measurements and the visible light results from most solar magnetographs employed world - wide .
The latter are compromised by scattered light and measure flux , not field strength .
A lower limit of ~ 1800 Gauss is required to form spot umbra .
The umbral maximum field strength has declined over the above interval , perhaps because spots have on average diminished in size .
The present condition of solar activity minimum has more spotless days than since the 1910s ( 2 ) .
The Cheshire Cat behavior is related to magnetic surface fields often appearing without accompanying dark spots .
Sunspots recently are behaving like a Cheshire Cat : the smile is there ( magnetic fields ) but the body is missing ( no dark markings ) .
We are unsure about past cycles but at present sunspots , with their usual umbrae and penumbrae , are failing to materialize .
For hundreds of years the Sun has shown an approximately periodic 11 - year alteration in its activity where the number of sunspots increases and then decreases .
Sunspots are dark regions on the solar disk with magnetic field strengths greater than 1500 - 1800 Gauss .
The last sunspot maximum occurred in 2001 .
Magnetically active sunspots at that time ( Figure 1A ) produced powerful flares , caused large geomagnetic disturbances , and disrupted some space - based technology .
At present , presumably leaving a deep solar minimum , nothing more than tiny spots , or “ pores ” , have been seen for some time ( again
Figure 1B ) .
In the current solar minimum the number of spotless days has not been equaled since 1914 ( 2 ) , see Figure 2 .
Some look at this figure and feel reassured ; this has
happened before .
Others sense abnormality .
Why is a lack of sunspot activity interesting ?
During a period from 1645 to 1715 the Sun entered an extended period of low activity known as the Maunder Minimum .
For a time equivalent to several sunspot cycles the Sun displayed few sunspots .
Models of the Sun ’s irradiance suggest that the solar energy input to the Earth decreased during that epoch , and that this lull in solar activity may explain the low temperatures recorded in Europe during the Little Ice Age ( 3 ) .
In 1990 , working with S. Solanki , we began exploratory measurements at the McMath - Pierce telescope of the infrared magnetic field strength , temperature , and brightness in dark sunspot umbrae .
These observations use the most sensitive probe of sunspot magnetic fields : Zeeman splitting of the infrared spectral line of Fe I at 1565 nm .
This splitting yields total field strength not flux ( see below ) .
Because the splitting is always complete in sunspot umbrae the measurement is independent of atmospheric blurring , or seeing ( providing the line is visible ) .
Temperature was deduced from the depth of nearby molecular OH lines .
Higher temperature meant brighter continuum intensity and weaker OH .
Starting in 2000 this work became systematic , where each spot was measured only once at the darkest position in its umbra .
The resulting data set of 1391 observations represents the longest time - sequence of total field strengths in sunspots .
Figure 3 is a plot of these observations .
We believe most of the scatter is real ; the errors are likely to be in intensity and not field strength .
Sky transparency and image quality , or seeing , are of course somewhat variable and this affects intensity .
Data with obvious clouds were discarded .
Two conclusions : 1 ) there is not a unique relation between sunspot brightness and magnetic field and 2 ) the lower limit to the magnetic field to produce a dark marking is around 1500 - 1800 Gauss .
This lower limit is uncertain because of noise in intensity ( brightness ) signals .
It was also found that the magnetic field strengths in umbrae were on average decreasing with time independent of the sunspot cycle .
Or it may be that spots are simply getting smaller ( 4 ) .
OH has practically disappeared today .
A simple linear extrapolation of our magnetic data suggests that sunspots might largely vanish by 2015 , assuming the 1800 Gauss lower limit , see Figure 4 .
The brightness and magnetic fields of large sunspots had earlier been discovered to change in - sync with the solar cycle as seen by ground - based telescopes ( 5 ) .
Automated solar magnetographs ( e.g. Mt Wilson , Kitt Peak , SOHO ) measure surface magnetic flux using spectral polarization signals from the Zeeman effect .
Flux measurements are subject to scattered light ; the fields they deduce in sunspot umbrae are much less , often by a factor of two , than the field strength given by the Fe 1564 nm splitting ( 6 ) .
The latter does not involve polarization sensing .
Magnetograph instruments , however , are in wide use both in space and ground - based –with a time span going back over 50 years .
They do record non-sunspot magnetic flux ( which the simple non-polarized Fe 1564 nm splitting cannot do ) and have detected the onset of the next solar cycle active regions .
This deduction is based on the expected high solar latitude hemispheric magnetic polarity reversal , the “ Hale cycle ” .
Yet all new cycle number 24 spots that we have observed have been tiny “ pores ” without penumbrae ( e.g. Figure 1 ) .
Nearly all of these features are seen only on magnetograms and are difficult or impossible to see on white - light images .
Thus the analogy to the Cheshire Cat [ Roberts , 2009 ] .
Physical explanations of this deep minimum are at present speculative .
Modelers invoke flux transport , meridional flows , and other subsurface mechanisms .
Whether this diminished vigor in sunspots is indicative of another Maunder Minimum , remains to be seen .
We should mention , too , that the solar wind is reported to be in a lower energy state than found since space measurements began nearly 40 years ago ( 7 ) .
Will the Cheshire Cat Effect persist ?
References :
1. Penn , M.J. and Livingston , W. , Temporal Changes in Sunspot Umbral Magnetic
Fields and Temperatures , Astrophys .
Jour. , 649 , L45 - L48 , ( 2006 ) .
2. Janssens , J. , Spotless days website , ( 2009 )
http://users.telenet.be/j.janssens/Spotless/Spotless.html
3. Lean , J. , A. Skumanich , and O. White , Estimating the Sun ’s Radiative Output
During the Maunder Minimum , Geophys .
Res. Lett. , 19 ( 15 ) , 1591 –1594 ( 1992 ) .
4. Schad , T.A. , and Penn , M.J. ( 2008 ) , Solar Cycle Dependence of Umbral
Magneto - Induced Line Broadening , EOS Trans .
AGU 89 ( 23 ) , Jt. Assem .
Suppl .
Abstract
SP41B -06 ( 2008 ) .
5. Albregtsen , F. and Maltby , P. , Solar Cycle Variation of Sunspot Intensity , Solar
Physics , 71 , 269-283 ( 1981 ) .
6. Private communication from J. Harvey , ( 2009 ) .
7. Fisk , L.A. , and Zhao , L. , The Heliospheric Magnetic Field and the Solar Wind
During the Solar Cycle , in Universal Heliophysical Processes , Proceedings of the
International Astronomical Union , IAU Symposium , Volume 257 , pp 109 - 120 ( 2009 ) .
Acknowledgement :
Roberts , Harry , Sydney Observatory , private communication re .
Cheshire Cat ( 2009 ) .
A PDF version of this essay is available here : Livingston-Penn_sunspots4
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
" President " Mahmoud Ahmadinejad – and the quotation marks are becoming ever more appropriate in Iran today – is in real trouble .
There are now three separate official inquiries into his supposed election victory and the violence which followed , while conservative Iranian MPs fought each other with their fists at a private meeting behind the assembly chamber , after Ahmadinejad 's members objected to an official 's reference to the " dignity " with which the opposition leader , Mirhossein Mousavi , answered parliamentary questions .
Those close to the man who still believes he is the President of Iran say that he is himself deeply troubled – even traumatised – by the massive demonstrations against him across the country .
Tens of thousands of Mousavi supporters marched in black through the streets of central Tehran yesterday evening , in an emotional demonstration of mourning – the second in two days – for the post- election dead .
In a city symbolised by its brutal traffic and decibel records , they walked in total silence for three miles , holding banners and posters lamenting the killings in Azadi Square and Tehran University and in other Iranian cities .
And they had no doubts about the political – and physical – risks they were taking .
A chemical engineer walking at the centre of the huge black trail thought for several seconds when I asked him what happens next .
" Nobody knows but we think of this all the time , " he at last replied .
" We can not stop now .
If we stop now , they will eat us .
The best is for the United Nations or some international organisations to monitor another election . "
Upon such illusions is disaster built .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
But the same man 's wife had a humour that almost belonged to the vast black crowd yesterday .
She was a commercial lawyer but had studied psychology .
" If we let go now , we are going to face someone like Pinochet – and our dictators here are not even up - to - date dictators , " she told me without a trace of a smile .
" My psychological training is very useful .
Ahmadinejad has a classic psychosis problem .
He lies a lot and he 's hallucinatory and the problem is , he thinks he 's related to someone up there ! "
And here , the lady pointed upwards in the general direction of heaven .
But no jokes about religion .
These marchers were chanting the Muslim " salavat " prayer , giving greetings to the Prophet Mohamed and his family .
And just as well .
For this morning , the Supreme Leader , Ali Khamenei , is to lead Friday prayers at Tehran University – the same campus upon which seven young men were shot dead by pro-Ahmadinejad Basiji militiamen on Sunday night – and Mousavi is promising to bring his own supporters , wearing black arm - bands of mourning for the dead , to demonstrate their loyalty to Khamenei himself .
Ahmadinejad 's acolytes have been claiming that the opposition is trying to overthrow the Islamic Republic as well as Khamenei , a dangerous slander in any revolution here but a particularly incendiary one today .
The opposition suspects that Khamenei will try to restore order by telling Mousavi and his people that they have been allowed their massive demonstrations and that , despite " unfortunate incidents " – that wonderful autocratic cliché has actually just been used by parliament Speaker Ali Larijani – this was a generous and democratic act by the government .
But , Khamenei is expected to say , enough is enough .
Any groups disturbing the peace this weekend will be regarded as counter - revolutionaries and dealt with " according to the law " ( a favourite Khamenei expression ) .
If so , Mousavi and his advisers – they include former president Mohammad Khatami as well as Mousavi 's election ally , Mehdi Karroubi – will have to behave with immense sensitivity if they are not to be trapped into silence by such a warning .
Their problem is almost intractable .
If they continue the protest marches , they can be accused of breaking the law – and the waning strength of the marches no longer brings the people of Tehran on to their balconies and rooftops – but if they bring the protests to an end , the Basiji and the cops become kings of the street .
Indeed , the arrest of the Islamic Republic 's first foreign minister , Ibrahim Yazdi – he was taken , quite literally , from the bed of his Tehran hospital where he is suffering from prostate cancer – shows just how high the level of suspicion is amid the heights of the Islamic Republic .
No one has managed to suggest a sane reason why a man who worked alongside the founder of the Islamic regime , Ayatollah Khomeini himself , should suddenly disappear before our eyes .
Yazdi had urged Iranians to boycott the presidential poll four years ago – the election that brought Ahmadinejad to power – but was urging all Iranians to vote last week .
If anyone needed proof of the government 's state of indecision , they had only to look at yesterday 's Tehran newspapers .
Suddenly , the mass demonstrations were acknowledged in full .
A whole front page of photographs showed Wednesday afternoon 's Mousavi rally .
Ahmadinejad had said at the weekend that his opponents were mere " layers of dust " – an unwise as well as a childish remark – but across one photograph , demonstrators can be seen carrying a banner which reads : " The layers of dust are making history . "
Other papers showed Iran 's top six football stars playing South Korea in Seoul with Mousavi 's campaign green ribbons tried to their wrists .
They complied with instructions to take them off for the second half of the match – which was broadcast live across Iran and which turned out to be a draw .
Even Mousavi 's website is no longer blocked .
We may ask what all this means .
But so does all of Iran .
It was clear , however , even before the right - wing MPs turned to fisticuffs , that the authorities simply did not know how to handle this unprecedented revolt – not revolution – by so many millions of Iranians .
With a more intelligent , thoughtful , less arrogant man in power , it might be possible to look for a political compromise , perhaps some tinkering with the constitution to create a vice - presidency ( not that Mousavi would accept it ) or even recreate the post of prime minister which was held by Mousavi himself during the 1980 - 88 Iran - Iraq war .
But who wants to work with Ahmadinejad ?
His efforts to improve the lot of the millions of Iranian poor – their existence , of course , is a blight upon the moral reputation of any republic which controls so much oil wealth – have been genuine and well received .
His meretricious doubts about the Jewish Holocaust , his foolish rhetoric about Israel , his constant comparison of the Iranian election to a football match , are of no interest to them .
But Mousavi can scarcely work with such an unpredictable , unstable figure .
Ahmadinejad 's colleagues have been claiming that the vandalisation of property , including the destruction of computers at Tehran University – an act with absolutely no intelligent explanation – was committed by " traitors " , but the government 's own investigative committee is now saying that plain - clothed agents were involved .
It all leaves " President " Mahmoud Ahmadinejad a very lonely man .
Day 6 of Iran crisis
* In an attempt to defuse calls for a rerun , Iran 's Governing Council promised to listen to the candidates " express their ideas " about the election .
It also said it was examining 646 complaints .
* Meanwhile , it was clear where President Ahmadinejad wanted to place the blame for the crisis .
He told his cabinet that the vote 's legitimacy was being questioned because it was a " challenge to the West 's democracy . "
* Also focusing on foreign elements , the Intelligence Ministry said that it had uncovered proof of a bomb plot backed by American elements .
The bombs were apparently supposed to go off in polling stations on election day .
* Iranian television showed former president Hashemi Rafsanjani 's daughter , Faezeh Hashemi , rallying protesters .
Hardliners accused her and her brother , Mahdi , of treason .
The two were later barred from leaving Iran .
* In an echo of Twitter 's decision to cancel planned maintenance to help protesters , YouTube broke from its usual policy of barring violent videos so that Iranians could " capture their experiences for the world to see " .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Obama administration plans to call for the U.S. Office of Thrift Supervision to close as part of its overhaul of financial regulation , which would also include the elimination of the federal thrift charter for banks .
The plan would require large , interconnected firms to draft a “ credible plan ” for how they would be unwound if they ran into severe trouble , a senior administration official told reporters on a conference call on Tuesday .
The official said the proposal would also call for the creation of a financial oversight council that would be led by the Treasury Department , and would make the Federal Reserve the consolidated supervisor of large financial holding companies .
The administration has been discussing how best to tighten bank and market regulation in response to the worst global financial crisis in generations .
President Barack Obama will formally unveil the proposals on Wednesday .
The official said on the call that the proposal would ensure strong oversight of financial firms through higher capital standards and tougher scrutiny of their actions because of the risks they could pose to the financial system .
It would also require the registration of hedge funds and other pools of capital , would seek more regulation of money market mutual funds , and would require securitizers to keep 5 percent of risk in securitizations .
Further , the plan would require standardized , over - the counter derivatives to be centrally cleared and would establish an independent consumer financial safety agency , the official said .
• Three more cats found skinned on owners ' lawns this week • Authorities fear killer could move on to human targets
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
A reward has been offered for the arrest of serial cat murderer thought to have killed at least 25 pets near Miami .
Three cats were found skinned and gutted on their owners ' lawns this week , in the latest in a string of attacks over the last month in Miami - Dade county .
Authorities warned residents to keep their cats indoors at night , but police said they were no closer to catching the culprit .
Experts fear that the perpetrator may move on to murdering humans .
" This man is getting bolder and bolder .
The cat that was found this morning was skinned from the waist down , and that takes longer and longer .
It is very frustrating and it is heart - wrenching , " Dee Chess , founder of Friends Forever animal rescue told the Miami Herald .
The latest victim belonged to a Palmetto Bay resident , John Wellons .
According to police , his pet 's stomach had been sliced from front to rear .
Its skinned corpse was found in Wellons ' garden .
He last saw his cat alive on Monday at 7 pm , police said .
On Tuesday morning it was lying dead in his yard .
According to residents , the cats ' bodies have been left like trophies on their owners ' gardens since early May .
" Anyone capable of mutilating a cat , let alone 18 cats , is certainly capable of hurting people , " Jennifer Hobgood , the Florida director of the Humane Society , told CBS4 News last week as she announced a $ 2,500 ( £ 1,560 ) reward for information leading to an arrest and conviction .
The reward was increased to $ 3,500 ( £ 2,185 ) by Crime Stoppers .
Tax - deductible donations are being invited to increase the reward amount .
The killings have caused panic among local pet owners , and the Cat Network rescue organisation has offered cat traps to help residents look after strays .
People were urged to keep outside lights on or connected to a motion detector .
Cindy Hewitt , of the Humane Society , told the Herald bereaved pet owners were hampering the investigation by removing the bodies from their lawns before calling the police .
" I can appreciate the emotion behind that , but police need to examine the crime scene , " she said .
" It 's just as important with an animal murder as with a human .
If you find an animal that may be a victim , do n't touch it . "
Detective Bobby Williams , of Miami - Dade police , appealed for help , saying : " However small the information might be , it might be something we can use in the investigation . "
A Medical Emergency
A case in the Tanzanian city of Moshi late last year reveals how suddenly a seemingly normal labor can turn into an emergency in which every second counts .
Hawa Khalidi , 36 , who had five normal births , gave birth to her sixth child a few hours before dawn on Nov. 19 at a health center staffed only by nurses in one of the poorer sections of the city .
Then she began to hemorrhage , and by daybreak she was dead .
An autopsy found that Mrs. Khalidi bled to death because the nurse who delivered her baby failed to perform one basic task , essential to prevent deadly bleeding : removing the placenta after she gave birth .
Normally , pulling on the umbilical cord will extract the placenta .
But the autopsy revealed that the cord broke off .
The nurse apparently did not know how to reach into the womb to remove the placenta .
She sent Mrs. Khalidi to a hospital , but by then Mrs. Khalidi had lost so much blood that doctors could not save her .
In an interview , Mrs. Khalidi ’s husband said nurses at the clinic had scolded her because she was too poor to bring her own “ delivery kit ” containing gloves , clamps and other supplies .
Some maternity wards are so crowded that women sleep two or three to a bed , or lie on the floor , along with their newborns .
Although the government has promised to build more clinics and to put one within three miles of every village , it cannot even fully staff the clinics it already has .
Health workers  overworked , underpaid and sometimes poorly trained  often become demoralized and resigned to the high death rates .
Women lack education and information about birth control , and some become pregnant too young to give birth safely .
Husbands and in - laws may decide where a woman gives birth and insist that she stay at home to save money .
Malnutrition , stunted growth , malaria and other infections , anemia and closely spaced pregnancies all add to the risks .
In rural areas , many women use traditional birth attendants instead of going to the hospital .
The attendants usually have no formal training in medicine or midwifery .
Many doctors blame them for high rates of maternal death and complications , saying they let labor go on for too long , cannot treat complications and fail to recognize emergencies that demand hospital care .
But many women are loyal to them .
For one thing , the price is right .
Around Berega , they charge about $ 2 per birth .
A normal birth at the hospital costs about $ 6 , an emergency Caesarean $ 15 .
Dr. Jeffrey Wilkinson , an obstetrician from Duke University who is working at the Kilimanjaro Christian Medical Center in Moshi , pointed out that other African countries , like Niger , had even higher maternal death rates .
Despite the many obstacles in Tanzania , “ there is hope here , ” he said .
The ghost of Milton Friedman rides through the halls of government and the Fed these days , exhorting his legions of supporters ( Bernanke , Summers , Geithner , et al ) toward a final thrust into solvency and economic turnaround .
Today , President Obama is a Friedmanite , but what will he become once the Friedman vision fails , as it must ?
In that short paragraph , I offend many “ allies ” of free markets , because for so long his supporters viewed the late Professor Friedman as the preeminent champion of free markets .
In truth , he championed conservatism over free markets .
Whenever he found a need to choose between the two , he chose conservatism in all its gory…er , glory .
I do not mean to suggest that nothing that Friedman ever said spoke to the ideal of free markets .
To the contrary , much of what he wrote sounded very free market , and from his microeconomic view it was exactly that .
But within his macroeconomic view , freedom disappeared almost entirely .
Nowhere is this more true than in his monetary theory .
Friedman , more than any other economist of the 20th century , resurrected monetarist economics .
His arch-rival , Harvard 's John Kenneth Galbraith of wage and price control fame in the 1940s , correctly pointed out repeatedly that the theories Friedman relied upon uniformly led to ultimate disaster , historically speaking .
As part of my research for my upcoming novel about the financial crisis and its root causes , I re-read ( after many years ) Galbraith 's book on money , simply entitled , Money : Whence It Came , Where It Went ( Houghton Mifflin Company , Boston , 1975 ) .
The ascendance of monetarism over fiscalism in the 1980s and 1990s supposedly “ defeated ” the Galbraithian impulse , and few now pay any attention to the late Harvard man 's dictums .
They will soon rue the day they made that choice .
While he wrote the book in the mid-1970s , his analysis will speak to eager ears in 2010 and beyond .
Galbraith is a statist , beyond dispute , who leaned toward liberalism but who thought of himself as neither liberal nor conservative .
Instead , he and his supporters thought ( and continue today to think ) of him as a pragmatist .
Make no mistake … the policy currently pursued by the Fed and the Obama administration ( initiated first by the Bush administration ) to restore liquidity to the banking system derives directly from the ideas of Professor Friedman .
Now comes Galbraith 's son , one James K. Galbraith , holder of the Lloyd M. Bentsen Jr. Chair in Government / Business Relations at the LBJ School of Public Affairs , University of Texas at Austin , and senior scholar with the Levy Economics Institute .
In the great tradition of his father , Galbraith wrote a largely ignored article which appeared in Washington Monthly in their March / April 2009 edition .
Entitled “ No Return to Normal , ” Galbraith wrote eloquently in some detail about the current approach , explaining quite clearly why all the bank liquidity in the world will not likely get the economy moving again , because it all really depends upon the consumers , and they 're in savings mode , not spending mode .
Read now from the Book of Galbraith :
The oddest thing about the Geithner program is its failure to act as though the financial crisis is a true crisis — an integrated , long - term economic threat — rather than merely a couple of related but temporary problems , one in banking and the other in jobs .
In banking , the dominant metaphor is of plumbing : there is a blockage to be cleared .
Take a plunger to the toxic assets , it is said , and credit conditions will return to normal .
This , then , will make the recession essentially normal , validating the stimulus package .
Solve these two problems , and the crisis will end .
That ’s the thinking .
But the plumbing metaphor is misleading .
Credit is not a flow .
It is not something that can be forced downstream by clearing a pipe .
Credit is a contract .
It requires a borrower as well as a lender , a customer as well as a bank .
And the borrower must meet two conditions .
One is creditworthiness , meaning a secure income and , usually , a house with equity in it .
Asset prices therefore matter .
With a chronic oversupply of houses , prices fall , collateral disappears , and even if borrowers are willing they can’t qualify for loans .
The other requirement is a willingness to borrow , motivated by what Keynes called the “ animal spirits ” of entrepreneurial enthusiasm .
In a slump , such optimism is scarce .
Even if people have collateral , they want the security of cash .
And it is precisely because they want cash that they will not deplete their reserves by plunking down a payment on a new car .
Say what you want about both Galbraiths ( and I could say plenty ) but give them their due .
The son carries on the father 's tradition .
However misguided his economic prescriptions were , Galbraith the Elder 's analysis cannot be ignored .
He often skipped key pieces of history in his analysis ( thus leading him routinely astray ) but few doubt that Galbraith attempted to learn from history .
His books and other writings routinely spanned and summarized that history and at times displayed significant insight .
Now comes Galbraith the Younger sounding exactly like his father .
His analysis that the current Fed / Government approach must fail rings true .
Few writers on this website doubt it .
Unfortunately , we must also recognize the reality that Austrian economics has not yet gained traction among the powerful .
When the failure of the current policy finally becomes evident to all inside and outside Washington , where will the cogniscoti likely turn their attention for guidance ?
To the Austrians ?
If only wishing made it so !
No , they 'll likely turn to James K. Galbraith instead , because of his pedigree .
Rothbard and Mises never gained the level of respect that Galbraith the Elder did , not because of their scholarly analysis ( which blows the doors off Galbraith , Friedman , Samuelson , and everyone else of the 20th century ) , but because no one listened to them then …and likely wo n't listen now .
No , they 'll turn instead to pedigree …to Galbraith the Younger ( or perhaps I should call him Galbraith II ) .
So what can we expect from Galbraith II ?
Nothing short of : massive ( even by today 's standards ) government spending and intervention , gigantic increases in Social Security and Medicare benefits , wage and price controls , and quite likely , war .
Galbraith II waxes eloquently over the recovery of the American economy during World War II , and though he does not say so in his article ( he focuses on energy and climate change for ecomomic stimulation instead ) , you can almost feel him hoping and praying for a similar world war in our near future .
He wants massive re-regulation of banking and finance .
He wants the government to spend money like there is no tomorrow , because in his view there is no tomorrow without it .
And what of the massive amount of debt all this spending must generate ?
Read his own words :
The chorus of deficit hawks and entitlement reformers are certain to regard this program with horror .
What about the deficit ?
What about the debt ?
These questions are unavoidable , so let ’s answer them .
First , the deficit and the public debt of the U.S. government can , should , must , and will increase in this crisis .
They will increase whether the government acts or not .
The choice is between an active program , running up debt while creating jobs and rebuilding America , or a passive program , running up debt because revenues collapse , because the population has to be maintained on the dole , and because the Treasury wishes , for no constructive reason , to rescue the big bankers and make them whole .
One thing Galbraith II forgot to mention is where the money will come from to pay the interest on all this new debt .
Already , national debt interest equals roughly 50 % of all income taxes collected each year .
Under Galbraith 's plan , we will soon be borrowing money to pay the interest , thereby guaranteeing the collapse of the financial system which Galbraith already acknowledges must happen .
This apparently minor oversight leads to a gigantic oversight which he expresses as follows :
Second , so long as the economy is placed on a path to recovery , even a massive increase in public debt poses no risk that the U.S. government will find itself in the sort of situation known to Argentines and Indonesians .
Why not ?
Because the rest of the world recognizes that the United States performs certain indispensable functions , including acting as the lynchpin of collective security and a principal source of new science and technology .
So long as we meet those responsibilities , the rest of the world is likely to want to hold our debts .
Third , in the debt deflation , liquidity trap , and global crisis we are in , there is no risk of even a massive program generating inflation or higher long - term interest rates .
That much is obvious from current financial conditions : interest rates on long - maturity Treasury bonds are amazingly low .
Those rates also tell you that the markets are not worried about financing Social Security or Medicare .
They are more worried , as I am , that the larger economic outlook will remain very bleak for a long time .
Hear that , everyone ?
The threat of inflation is over !
All that money poured into the system , and all the petrodollars , eurodollars , and asian dollars sitting out there will not come back to haunt us !
So spaketh Galbraith .
So the political leaders will eventually believe , once their current approach fails .
God help us all .
New features * in Amiga Forever 8 " R3 " :
Accurate and reconfigurable onscreen keyboards , with multi- touch support and custom mapping and shortcut options
New fullscreen experience : change floppy disks , pause , resume , save , etc. with the mouse , keyboard or game controller without having to switch back to window mode
Rewritten and expanded game controller , keyboard and player shortcut customization dialogs ( under Tools / Options / Input ) , with new layout and features for both shared and custom profiles
Direct support for additional types of game controllers
Hard disk imaging ( convert disks to images and vice versa ) and support for direct - attached disks ( to more easily share media between Classic Amiga and emulation systems )
Amiga - like pervasive drag - and - drop support : media files , screenshots , audio files , and documentation files can be added to a title , and vice versa
Setup Wizard helps set up common configuration and privacy options
Integrated Changelog feature ( in Help / About and Updates Available dialogs )
Discord status updates
Player and RP9 Toolbox support .uae import and conversion
New Developer menu options
Support for multiple - monitor and high - DPI features introduced in Windows 10 versions 1709 , 1809 and 1903
When 8 - bit systems are enabled ( e.g. PET / CBM and C64 systems ) : virtual mouse option ( move text cursor with mouse )
Numerous other new features and refinements ( performance , clipboard , title editor , AROS updates , Build Image , enhanced File Explorer integration , new Facebook Graph API , etc. )
Release Announcement , R2 Update , Detailed Changelog
Previously introduced in Amiga Forever 7 :
New playlists , with ability to add custom content folders and to change the location of built - in Amiga Files
Option to autostart PC into favorite Amiga configuration ( or CBM 8 - bit , if C64 Forever is installed too )
Titles can be run from Windows File Explorer without opening the main Amiga Forever player , adding to previous playerless preview and editing capabilities
Enhanced PowerPC emulation features
General and title - specific game controller personalization , including support for Xbox , X - Arcade and I - PAC controllers , virtual buttons and arbitrary keyboard layouts
Additional input features : left - handed support , configurable autofire ( also with separate fire ) and merging of multiple game controllers and keyboard layouts into single emulated hardware
All systems support " Type Clipboard " and automatic Unicode - aware mapping of typed and pasted text , also when the PC and emulated Amiga keyboard layouts do not match
New and improved media features : pervasive RDB disk support , shared drives , deployable large disk images , etc .
Massively improved authoring and playback capabilities , as part of a project that reached more than 500,000 lines of code ( not counting open source modules , in which we are active contributors as well )
Update checks are now over HTTPS ( TLS ) and are combined with digital signature verifications for enhanced integrity , confidentiality and security
Improved security sandbox
Numerous other new features and refinements ( performance , audio , WHDLoad and AROS updates , Rescan , Build Image , dynamic warning triangles , new Facebook Graph API , visualization of RP9 manifest changes , etc. )
Release Announcement
Previously introduced in Amiga Forever 2016 :
New user interface with gorgeous high - DPI display features ( " retina " / 4 K density and beyond , multi-monitor )
Ability to merge Amiga and 8 - bit CBM content in single player ( if both Amiga Forever and C64 Forever are installed )
PowerPC emulation support , including 1 + GB of RAM , PCI bridge , preset devices with native OS 4.1 FE driver support , and more
A wealth of new content configuration and authoring features ( right - click a title and select Edit )
Enhanced Amiga serial port , MIDI and printer support
New Amiga devices for storage , graphics , sound and networking
New Shared folder to exchange data between different Amiga configurations and the host system
New AROS , ROMs and more
Release Announcement
Previously introduced in Amiga Forever 2014 :
Previously introduced in Amiga Forever 2012 :
Title Editor ( create and edit any configuration , for playback on the local system or elsewhere )
Improved player interface with access to RP9 extra content , enhanced image preview , multiple web links ( including external content sites ) , audio files , etc .
New playback window controls to configure and display the status of each input port
Support for new systems , including AROS and Walker prototype
New MIDI , fullscreen scaling , mouse and other settings in Tools / Options
Player is now based on new , faster RetroPlatform 3.0 code base
The Plus Edition ISO image is now a DVD instead of a CD
The Premium Edition ( now on 3 DVDs ) features an exclusive Dave Haynie interview video both as standard DVD video and HD - quality Windows Media file
The Gallery section features a new RJ Mical interview
More ...
Previously introduced in Amiga Forever 2011 :
Multiple snapshots ( saved states ) per game
Faster loading times ( up to 10 + times faster than Amiga Forever 2010 on a system with 512 MB RAM )
More than 100 usability improvements for a more refined and productive experience
New user interface features to more easily swap disks , insert blank disks , grab screens , apply existing screenshots , etc .
Enhanced integrated Workbench 1.3 and 3.X environments ( new configuration settings , easy printing , etc. )
New preset Amiga configurations , including CDTV and CD³² ( seamlessly work with RP9 files , ISO / BIN / CUE images , and physical CD media )
Extended RP9 format to support CD images ( CDTV and CD³² content ) , embedded configuration tags and third - party editors
Enhanced RetroPlatform
Library ( to recognize and configure games , etc. ) with live updates
Enhanced Export to Device functionality to save games to SD card , etc .
Now Playing data for use by Skype , Messenger , Twitter and similar plugins
New Gallery content
New system ROMs ( e.g. some versions that were unique to the Amiga 600 and Amiga 3000 )
Vastly improved , multithreaded content caching ( no more " Building cache " or " Please wait " messages )
Officially tested to comply with " Compatible with Windows 7 " requirements , with full support for Windows Vista and Windows 7 , both x86 and x64 ( possibly still the first and only Windows software with custom - shaped glass - enabled skin )
More ...
Additional new and improved features that were already included in part in Amiga Forever 2009 :
All included games and demoscene productions are now in RP9 format ( uses less disk space and makes it very easy to add or remove files )
RP9 Toolbox to scan for and import / export content
Seamless , one - click integration of AmiKit and AmigaSYS Amiga OS add - ons lets you experience a broader variety of perspectives
New system ROMs ( e.g. 0.7 Kickstart required to run the software used by Andy Warhol in the 1985 Launch of Amiga demo , Amiga 1000 , A590 and A4091 boot ROMs , etc. )
Improved documentation and help ( new Tip of The Day balloon , new documentation in Windows Help format )
Emphasis on usability : interface and settings are improved , but remain consistent with the previous 2009 version and with C64 Forever ( also see Tips for Upgraders )
Content more than quadrupled ( disk images are now compressed in the new RP9 format , and also used directly by the installer )
New " Amiga Forever Game Pack I " ( more than 50 games )
More than 100 beautiful demoscene productions
New Gallery items : original Tripos article , " top secret " Amiga - Atari documents , and much more
New system HDFs : complete Amiga OS 1.3 , 2.1 and 3.1 installations with only a minimum of add - ons ( e.g. Y2 K fixes , RTG update for 3.1 ) , but otherwise identical to the original ( including file attributes as intended by Commodore , which were lost in later distributions )
New ADFs ( 1.3 Extras , complete 3.1 install set , etc. )
Preinstalled WHDLoad " kickemu " support
New KX
Light , bootable from CD and with HD installation option ( now featuring live updates ) and extended hardware support
Additional details about the player for Windows , which was also greatly improved in the new 2009 version :
Revolutionary new and intuitive player interface for Windows , for easy selection and playback of games and other content
Professional skin design with familiar " media player " interface
Buttons and other visual controls provide intuitive access to content and emulation features ( pause , resume , disk change , reboot , joystick vs. keyboard selection , window size selection , full screen , Amiga screen capture , etc . )
The new Amiga Forever player makes it possible to double - click or drag - and - drop downloaded disk images ( e.g. RP9 , ADF , ADZ , etc. ) to play them , using heuristic content analysis to preset a suitable Amiga hardware configuration
The player has built - in support for dual screens ( can use secondary display for fullscreen Amiga ) and multiple emulation sessions
Rather than closing an emulation session , it is possible to save its state , for example to resume a game at a later time ( the session is up and running again in an instant )
It is also possible to undo the changes from the last session and revert to a previous saved state
Full undo of RP9 , ADF , ADZ , HDF and HDZ disk writes ( disk changes may be committed or discarded when exiting the emulation )
Windowed mode visualizes games and demoscene productions as they were meant to be displayed , without large unused overscan areas
Helpful visualization of additional details ( Amiga mouse options , device status with green / red read / write LEDs , context - specific help tips , Tip of the Day balloons , etc. )
Integrated video playback ( requires MPEG - 2 support by the operating system , otherwise the Amiga Forever videos can be read by any DVD player )
* May indicate Plus Edition and Premium Edition Features .
The Express Edition and Value Edition may be limited to configurations that use certain 1.x ROMs , and include fewer games and demoscene productions out of the box .
Gallery items and KX Light support are included only in the Plus and Premium Edition .
Video content is included only in the Premium Edition .
Features describing the " player " refer to the Windows version .
Plus Edition and Premium Edition Amiga content is also usable on other platforms , with additional software ( both included and available for download elsewhere ) .
Linux Hard Disk Format Command
Q. I ’ve installed a new 250 GB SATA hard disk on our office CentOS Linux server .
How do I format a hard disk under Linux operating system from a shell prompt ?
A.. There are total 4 steps involved for hard disk upgrade and installation procedure :
ADVERTISEMENTS
Step # 1 : Partition the new disk using fdisk command
Following command will list all detected hard disks :
# fdisk -l | grep ' ^ Disk '
Output :
Disk / dev/sda : 251.0 GB , 251000193024 bytes Disk / dev/sdb : 251.0 GB , 251000193024 bytes
A device name refers to the entire hard disk .
For more information see Linux partition naming convention and IDE drive mappings .
To partition the disk – / dev/sdb , enter :
# fdisk / dev/sdb
The basic fdisk commands you need are :
m – print help
– print help p – print the partition table
– print the partition table n – create a new partition
– create a new partition d – delete a partition
– delete a partition q – quit without saving changes
– quit without saving changes w – write the new partition table and exit
Step #2 : Format the new disk using mkfs.ext3 command
To format Linux partitions using ext2fs on the new disk :
# mkfs.ext3 /dev/sdb1
Step #3 : Mount the new disk using mount command
First create a mount point / disk1 and use mount command to mount / dev/sdb1 , enter :
# mkdir /disk1
# mount / dev/sdb1 / disk1
# df -H
Step #4 : Update /etc / fstab file
Open /etc / fstab file , enter :
# vi /etc/fstab
Append as follows :
/dev/sdb1 /disk1 ext3 defaults 1 2
Save and close the file .
Task : Label the partition
You can label the partition using e2label .
For example , if you want to label the new partition / backup , enter
# e2label /dev/sdb1 / backup
You can use label name insted of partition name to mount disk using / etc / fstab :
LABEL= / backup / disk1 ext3 defaults 1 2
Word that someone in Ottawa was listening was enough to spark the exodus of thousands of protesters from the Gardiner Expressway early this morning .
By midnight people began heading down the Spadina ramp and returning to the south lawn of Queen 's Park , where the rally began earlier Sunday before protesters stormed the Gardiner .
" I 'll be here all night , " said Santhira Kumar , 40 , as he walked onto the grass shortly before 1 a.m. , with a Tamil Tiger flag hoisted over his shoulder .
Many of the Tamils who earlier clogged the Gardiner seemed to have gone home but between 200 and 300 remained at Queen 's Park .
However , Parithra Sritharan , 17 , said many , such as her father , merely went home for warmer clothing as the protest lengthened from a sunny afternoon to a windy night .
" We are planning on staying all night , " she said from within a winter hat strapped under her chin .
" People who came early , they came with shorts . "
As she stood with her older brother Mayuram , 20 , she added some people might have gone home for the night , but " they 're going to come back in the morning for sure . "
Toronto Police Chief Bill Blair said the protesters decided to leave the expressway following input from leaders of the protest and assurances political leaders would deal with their concerns .
" We received some help from some community members and some of our political leaders to bring an end to this , " Blair said outside 52 Division early this morning .
He did not want to be specific but there was earlier word that someone from opposition leader Michael Ignatieff 's office had responded , claiming a statement would be made Monday .
" The protests are going to continue and we 're anticipating having to deal with this in the days and weeks to come , " Blair said .
He described the protest on the expressway as being in a " very dangerous location , " which made it " difficult to manage a crowd . "
" It was the first we ever had a protest go in that direction ( onto the Gardiner Expressway ) , " Blair said .
" I was very concerned if we started to move that crowd down the ramp and if there was any kind of a stampede and people began to fall we could have had a tragedy there and even loss of life . "
Blair said " it was a big mistake ( for the demonstrators ) to go up there , " adding he was " pleased they heard our message . "
The Gardiner Expressway has reopened in both directions .
Many Tamils were aware they were trying the patience of both police and Toronto 's drivers .
Some cared and some did not .
Rita and Raj Thiruchelvan , both 46 , were also planning on spending the night and said so shortly before the subway closed at 1:30 a.m .
They have lost touch with their cousin , who is a Catholic nun in Sri Lanka .
" We want the attention from the government and from the people , too , " Rita said .
" It 's not easy to stay in the roads . "
Baskar Pathmanathan , 32 , understood Toronto 's possible annoyance , but did not see what else the Tamil community could do .
He said his wife 's uncle died from government shelling .
" Everything that 's happened here today , the Gardiner , is out of sheer desperation , " he said .
" We ca n't go home and sleep . "
Up until 2 a.m .
Tamils continued to walk into Queen 's Park and the police presence was still strong .
The Gardiner Expressway came to a standstill for almost five hours when 2,000 Tamil protesters stormed onto the highway and ramps , blocking all lanes Sunday night .
Chief Blair said the protest was unlawful .
" What they are doing right now is clearly unlawful and unsafe , " he said , while the protest was still ongoing .
He added there were women and children at the front of the protesting group and that the highway guardrails are n't very high .
During the protest on the Gardiner , he said more police officers were being brought in and day shift officers remained on duty to address the situation .
They were trying to peacefully remove the protesters through negotiation .
Tempers frayed as the protest dragged late into the night .
Two men and a woman were arrested and charged with assaulting a peace officer and mischief interfering with property .
Protest spokesperson Siva Vimal said leaders decided to end their protest after speaking with the office of Liberal Leader Michael Ignatieff and receiving assurances he would take up their cause at caucus .
" Why we have come to this point is that for months now the community has been protesting peacefully , and there has been a serious inaction on the Canadian government 's part , " Vimal said earlier .
" They have not done everything that they can to pressure the government of Sri Lanka to accept international calls for a ceasefire . "
Shyanthy Thezarajh , 24 , another spokesperson for the Tamil protesters , said she is hoping for diplomatic sanctions against Sri Lanka and a stronger statement at the UN .
" There 's been a massive impact on each and every individual here .
And they 're pretty much trying to get the media to understand what 's going on in the hopes that the issue would come to the world stage and some kind of meaningful solution will be achieved for Sri Lanka right now , " she said during the protest .
" Hopefully , once people start realizing what exactly happened to trigger all these emotions , I 'm hoping as a community ( Canadians ) will all stand together , " she added .
Hundreds of people , young and old , sat cross-legged with babies in strollers on the highway around her .
Meanwhile , another few thousand protesters gathered on University and College and in front of the American consulate .
The dramatic moves , following several protests in recent weeks in both Ottawa and Toronto , came after news that an all - night artillery barrage in Sri Lanka 's war zone killed more than 370 people and forced thousands to flee to makeshift shelters along the beach .
Police were caught off guard as the demonstration swelled .
Later in the evening as some protesters walked down off the Gardiner additional ones arrived .
Meanwhile , 52 Division station became a command post surrounded on all sides by double - parked police cruisers from across the city .
Police officers were bused to the Gardiner .
Police had been monitoring several groups of demonstrators who had joined up on Spadina Ave. as they headed south at about 6:30 p.m .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
The closure of the Gardiner caused traffic gridlock on all downtown streets .
Once the marchers hit the Lakeshore hundreds of people began running up the ramp to the westbound Gardiner .
Marchers held flags , banners and placards demanding a stop to the violence in their homeland .
Police closed ramps to the expressway from Jarvis to Spadina Ave .
Traffic backed up in both directions from the Don Valley Parkway to the east and as far as the Humber River in the west end .
A group of demonstrators had crossed over the centre concrete median spreading themselves out across all lanes .
Mounted officers were brought to the scene as police surrounded the group and patrol officers from divisions across the city were also brought in .
" A wake - up call this morning was that we lost 4,000 people , " said protester Arthty Ragupathy , 15 , noting the casualty number many at the protest are using although official reports say about 400 civilians were killed .
However , media are not allowed into the war zone so it is difficult to substantiate the exact number .
" My grandmother overnight was actually killed , " Ragupathy said , grabbing a friend 's hand for support .
While many Tamil Canadians awoke to the news this morning , Ragupathy sat up through the night with her family , listening to the names of the dead listed on a Tamil radio station .
Her grandmother , who is nearly 80 , had left Jaffna and relocated to the no-fire zone , where she was supposed to be safe .
Her name was announced around 1 or 2 a.m. Sunday .
" They 're trying to get rid of the whole Tamil race , " she said , her big brown eyes moist .
People turned off their car engines and stood in the roadway , some taking pictures with cameras or cellphones .
" I was on my way to visit friends and go see a movie , " said Matthew Sacks .
" It 's unfortunate it has to come to this but I guess it 's not the end of the world . "
Stephany Anton Arogana , 16 , a protester , said , " It 's hard for us students to focus at school .
Our teachers are teaching us something and our minds are somewhere else . "
She said they have protested every way possible and the Canadian government has not effectively intervened .
" We did not get our voices heard .
We hope this helps .
We 're getting to a point where our people are decreasing in numbers . "
A motorist was disappointed by the disruption .
" This is not good .
I 'm on my way to see my mother for Mother 's Day and I guess I 'm going to be late , " said Erin Edwards .
Edwards and many motorists left their cars and walked toward the crowd and watched the spectacle unfold behind police lines .
" I get the point of their problems but I do n't get this , " Edwards added .
At about 7:30 p.m. police began getting motorists to back up their cars and down the closest ramp .
Anita , a spokesperson for the Tamil protesters who was on the scene , said the protest was peaceful .
" We 're all just on the floor sitting down .
We 're here trying to stop the genocide . "
Protesters also blocked off a downtown intersection near the Ontario legislature .
Police from the surrounding regions sent in officers to help the Toronto force .
Tamil Canadians and their supporters have been holding protests for several months to demonstrate against violence in Sri Lanka .
They began Sunday by holding a moving protest on University Avenue across from the U.S. consulate and then moved south to take over the highway .
With files from The Canadian Press
Read more about :
