Russia Wants to Launch Armageddon - Style Mission to Deflect Asteroid
The head of Russia 's space agency says such a mission would save lives , but U.S. astronomers strongly differ
Mineral foundation - make - up often advertised as being a natural alternative to other applications - contains many of the same chemicals as liquid and powder options , consumer group Choice says .
Choice tested 14 mineral foundations and found 10 contained bismuth oxychloride , which is a by - product of lead , tin and copper refining .
There were 21 cases of skin irritation and 11 cases of eye irritation during the trial , its report says .
" Mineral foundations are enjoying their 15 minutes of fame right now - despite having been around since the 1970s - and are marketed as being better for the skin than regular foundations , " Choice spokeswoman Elise Davidson said in a statement on Thursday .
" But really , they 're just an alternative to liquid or powder foundation , with most of the mineral foundations containing the same sort of ingredients as any other make - up base .
I travel a lot with my job .
Because of my extensive traveling I spend a lot of time ironing my clothing .
I have to meet with a lot of people and attend a lot of meetings with clients .
My career requires me to be professionally dressed and I can't go into a meeting with wrinkles in my clothes .
This means that I spend a lot of my mornings leaned over hotel ironing boards .
I have often wished there was an easier way of getting the wrinkles out that would n't cost me so much time and energy .
One day I saw an advertisement on TV about a product called Steam Buddy .
It is a small device that steams the wrinkles right out of your clothing .
I decided to give it a try , but I did n’t really expect too much because it seemed too good to be true .
I ordered the steam buddy and it arrived shortly thereafter .
I had to go out of town on a business trip two days after it arrived , I took it with me on my trip so that I could give it a try .
Watch the Steam Buddy Commercial video
During my trip I woke up a little early just in case the Steam Buddy did n’t work .
That way I would still have enough time to iron my clothing and make it to my meeting on time .
I followed the very simple instructions and began using my new Steam Buddy .
I was very surprised to see that it worked in real life exactly as it was advertised to work .
It took the wrinkles right out of my clothes and I had plenty of time to spare before my meeting .
I have n’t held an iron in my hand since purchasing the Steam Buddy .
I would recommend it to anyone that does n’t like to iron , it definitely cuts out the need for an iron .
>> Click Here for the Best Price on the Steam Buddy
Brain Injuries in Bergen , Hudson , & Passaic Counties
Compensation for Brain Injuries in Englewood
Many lawyers will accept personal injury cases , confident that they can get negotiate even a relatively small offer from insurers , and take a portion of the compensation .
But how many attorneys have over 25 years of experience in personal injury law ?
And how many have handled the complexities of serious and catastrophic injuries , including head , brain and traumatic brain injuries ( TBIs ) ?
At the Englewood , New Jersey , law office of Alan M. Liebowitz , Esq. , LLC , firm founder and lawyer Alan Liebowitz has practiced personal injury law since entering law in 1989 .
Since then he has handled hundreds of personal injury cases , including brain injury cases , resulting from a broad range of accident types , including auto accidents , construction site and workplace accidents , animal attacks , slip and fall accidents on dangerous property , and much more .
Have you or a loved experienced a brain or head injury in a car accident , in a premises liability accident or other accident ?
We can help .
Call ( 201 ) 340-9338 for experienced representation .
Investigating Your Brain Injury Claim & Building Your Case
When you are injured , we conduct a detailed investigation of your case and build your case .
This process will likely involve : Taking pictures of the accident scene
Talking to witnesses
Securing the services of experts , including investigators and accident reconstructionists
Working with treating physicians and expert medical witnesses
Creating a settlement brochure
Our methods have resulted in cumulative many millions of dollars recovered for accident victims , including brain , head and neck injuries .
For a no-charge discussion of your injury law questions , and for experienced representation , contact the firm .
Advocating for Your Rights
If you or a loved one has suffered a concussion or a brain or head injury , our experienced Bergen County attorney at the law office of Alan M. Liebowitz , Esq. , LLC .
We offer free initial consultations , return calls immediately , are available 24 hours a day , represent Spanish - speaking clients and are conveniently located .
A man who admitted being a member of the radical environmental group Earth Liberation Front — or ELF , as it ’s known — pleaded guilty in federal court today to placing a gasoline - filled bomb in a Pasadena condominium project that was under construction in 2006 , authorities said .
Steven James Murphy , 44 , pleaded guilty in U.S. District Court in Los Angeles to one count of conspiracy to commit arson .
Murphy placed the bomb in the Vista del Arroyo Bungalows project , which was being built directly under the Colorado Bridge in Pasadena , federal prosecutors said .
He lighted the device and then fled the scene ; but the timer failed , so it did not ignite .
The crime remained unsolved until 2009 when investigators matched DNA extracted from the incendiary device to a sample of Murphy ’s DNA in a law enforcement database .
Murphy is scheduled to be sentenced April 5 and faces a maximum of five years in federal prison , the U.S. attorney ’s office said .
-- Scott Glover
With all the promotion ABC had for this show , I had no doubt the first few episode would have huge ratings .
After watching the pilot , I am convinced this show will have huge success .
Is this the next Lost and the network has been promoting it ?
I hate comparing shows directly , but I think Flash Forward can replicate the ratings and the sense of mystery .
The pilot is paced a little unevenly and the episode is mostly just exposition , but the suspense and cinematography blew me away .
The first act in which the whole world blacks out for 2 minutes and 17 seconds is simply amazing and looked very expensive to produce .
I loved the kangaroo that runs down the street and everyone is too busy to care .
There are many characters , and therefore many flash forwards to explore .
Mark Benford ( Joseph Fiennes ) is the main character and is an FBI agent .
In the future , he has relapsed and is drinking while investigating the event through something called Mosaic .
At the end of his vision , people with guns or at least laser scopes enter the room he is in which is located in the FBI office .
His wife Olivia ( Sonya Walger ) has a very disturbing flash forward .
In it , she is with another man , someone she has never seen before .
We soon learn that he is one of her patient 's father , though they are oblivious to the fact by the end of the episode .
I thought it was premature to show who the man was , since they would have to meet in the next episode which could pose several problems .
That being said , I can imagine many ways it could work , and I trust that the writers have a good plan .
Aaron Stark ( Brían F. O'Byrne ) is Mark 's sponsor and sees his daughter , who supposedly is dead .
This sounds very interesting , since he would want the vision to become true to most .
Janis Hawk ( Christine Woods ) is an FBI agent that sees herself pregnant even though she has no boyfriend .
So far , she is ambivalent about it , so we do n't really know where this story stands .
Demetri Noh ( John Cho ) is Mark 's partner and going to be married , but has no vision of the future .
Immediately he suspects it is because he is dead which of course has huge psychological recourse .
Bryce Varley ( Zachary Knighton ) is Olivia 's intern and is about to kill himself before the flash forward .
After , he wants to live .
And there you have it , all the characters and flash forwards so far .
There 's going to be more characters and flash forward introduced as the series progresses ; there is endless material to work with .
At the end of the episode , Janis is going through surveillance camera tapes .
Everyone slumps over at exactly the same time , except in one , an awesome looking guy with a black trench - coat strides along .
Will this show work ?
I hope so .
Score : 9.5/10
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The French government wants to pass a new law banning , what it calls , " psychological violence " between married couples or partners living together .
However , there are concerns about how such a crime could be proved .
David Chazan reports from Paris .
In the wake of the Flight 253 provocation , over - hyped terrorism panics , and last year ’s Big Pharma and media - engineered hysteria over the H1N1 flu pandemic , President Barack Obama signed Executive Order 13528 [ 1 ]
Among other things , the Executive Order ( EO ) established a Council of Governors , an " advisory panel " chosen by the President that will rubber - stamp long - sought - after Pentagon contingency plans to seize control of state National Guard forces in the event of a " national emergency . "
According to the White House press release [ 2 ] , the ten member , bipartisan Council was created " to strengthen further the partnership between the Federal Government and State Governments to protect our Nation against all types of hazards . "
" When appointed " the announcement continues , " the Council will be reviewing such matters as involving the National Guard of the various States ; homeland defense ; civil support ; synchronization and integration of State and Federal military activities in the United States ; and other matters of mutual interest pertaining to National Guard , homeland defense , and civil support activities . "
Clearly designed to weaken the Posse Comitatus Act of 1878 [ 3 ] which bars the use of the military for civilian law enforcement , EO 13528 is the latest in a series of maneuvers by previous administrations to wrest control of armed forces historically under the democratic control of elected state officials , and a modicum of public accountability .
One consequence of moves to " synchronize and integrate " state National Guard units with those of the Armed Forces would be to place them under the effective control of United States Northern Command ( USNORTHCOM ) [ 4 ] , created in 2002 by Bushist legislators in both capitalist parties under the pretext of imperialism ’s endless " War on Terror . "
At the time , Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld called USNORTHCOM ’s launch " the most sweeping set of changes since the unified command system was set up in 1946 . "
The real - world consequences of those changes were n’t long in coming .
Following their criminal inaction during 2005 ’s Hurricane Katrina catastrophe , the Bush regime sought , but failed , to seize control of depleted Gulf Coast National Guard units , the bulk of which had been sent to Iraq along with equipment that might have aided the recovery .
Bush demanded that then Louisiana Governor Kathleen Blanco sign over control of the Guard as well as state and local police units as the blood price for federal assistance .
At the height of the crisis , Bush cited presidential prerogatives for doing so under the Insurrection Act [ 5 ] , a repressive statute which authorizes the President to federalize National Guard units when state governments fail to " suppress rebellion . "
How the plight of citizens engulfed by Katrina ’s flood waters could be twisted into an act of " rebellion " was achieved when Orwellian spin doctors , aided and abetted by a compliant media , invented a new criminal category to cover traumatized New Orleans residents : " Drowning while Black . "
Fast forward five years .
Given the serious implications such proposals would have for a functioning democracy , the media ’s deafening silence on Obama ’s Executive Order is hardly surprising .
Like their role as cheerleaders in the escalating wars in Afghanistan and Pakistan , media self - censorship tell us much about the state of affairs in " new normal " America .
Like his predecessors in the Oval Office , stretching back to the 1960s with Pentagon " civil disturbance " plans such as Cable Splicer and Garden Plot , both of which are continuously updated , our " change " President will forge ahead and invest the permanent National Security bureaucracy with unprecedented power .
Under color of the 2008 National Defense Authorization Act [ 6 ] , an unsavory piece of Bushist legislative detritus , " The President shall establish a bipartisan Council of Governors to advise the Secretary of Defense , the Secretary of Homeland Security , and the White House Homeland Security Council on matters related to the National Guard and civil support missions . "
The toothless Council , whose Executive Director will be designated by the Secretary of Defense no less , " shall meet at the call of the Secretary of Defense or the Co-Chairs of the Council . "
Will such a Council have veto power over administration deliberations ?
Hardly .
They are relegated " to exchange views , information , or advice with the Secretary of Defense ; the Secretary of Homeland Security " and " the Assistant to the President for Homeland Security and Counterterrorism . "
Additional entities covered by the EO with whom the Governors Council will " exchange views " include , " the Assistant to the President for Intergovernmental Affairs and Public Engagement ; the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and Americas ’ Security Affairs ; the Commander , United States Northern Command ; the Chief , National Guard Bureau ; the Commandant of the Coast Guard ; and other appropriate officials of the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of Defense , and appropriate officials of other executive departments or agencies as may be designated by the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of Homeland Security . "
In other words , right from the get - go , the Council will serve as civilian cover for political decisions made by the Executive Branch and the security apparat .
EO 13528 continues , " Such views , information , or advice shall concern : ( a ) matters involving the National Guard of the various States ; ( b ) homeland defense ; ( c ) civil support ; ( d ) synchronization and integration of State and Federal military activities in the United States ; and ( e ) other matters of mutual interest pertaining to National Guard , homeland defense , and civil support activities . "
When news first broke last summer of Obama ’s proposal to expand the military ’s authority to respond to domestic disasters , it was opposed by the National Governors Association ( NGA ) .
Congressional Quarterly [ 7 ] reported that a letter sent on behalf of the NGA opposed creation of the Council on grounds that it " would invite confusion on critical command and control issues , complicate interagency planning , establish stove - piped response efforts , and interfere with governors ’ constitutional responsibilities to ensure the safety and security of their citizens , " Govs. Jim Douglas , R - Vt. , and Joe Manchin III , D - W.Va. , wrote .
According to their August letter to Paul N. Stockton , Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and Americas ’ Security Affairs , Douglas and Manchin III argued that " without assigning a governor tactical control " of military forces during a natural disaster such as a flood or earthquake , or an unnatural disaster such as a terrorist attack or other mass casualty event , the " strong potential exists for confusion in mission , execution and the dilution of governors ’ control over situations with which they are more familiar and better capable of handling than a federal military commander . "
With slim prospects of congressional authorization for the scheme , in fact the 2008 language was removed from subsequent Defense spending legislation , other means were required .
Playing bureaucratic hardball with the governors , this has now been accomplished by presidential fiat , further eroding clear constitutional limits on Executive Branch power .
These maneuvers as I have previously written [ 8 ] , have very little to do with responding to a catastrophic emergency .
Indeed , EO 13528 is only the latest iteration of plans to expand the National Security State ’s writ and as such , have everything to do with decades - old Continuity of Government ( COG ) programs kept secret from Congress and the American people .
Derided by neocons , neoliberals and other corporatists as a quaint backwater for " conspiracy theorists " railing against " FEMA concentration camps , " Continuity of Government , and the nexus of " civil support " programs that have proliferated like noxious weeds are no laughing matter .
Indeed , even members of Congress are considered " unauthorized parties " denied access " to information on COG plans , procedures , capabilities and facilities , " according to a Pentagon document ( see below ) published by the whistleblowing web site Wikileaks , as are the classified annexes of National Security Presidential Directive 51 and Homeland Security Presidential Directive 20 ( NSPD 51 / HSPD 20 ) .
In a new twist on administration promises of transparency and open government , even the redacted version of these documents have been removed from the White House web site .
As Antifascist Calling previously reported [ 9 ] , the Congressional Research Service issued a 46 - page report in 2008 that provided details on the COG - related National Exercise Program , a " civil support " operation that war games various disaster scenarios .
Among other things , the document outlines the serious domestic implications of military participation in national emergency preparedness drills .
CRS researchers pointed to the Reagan - era Executive Order 12656 ( EO 12656 ) [ 10 ] that " directs FEMA to coordinate the planning , conduct , and evaluation of national security emergency exercises . "
EO 12656 defines a national security emergency as " as any occurrence , including natural disaster , military attack , technological emergency , or other emergency that seriously degrades or seriously threatens the national security of the United States . "
Such programs , greatly expanded by the Bush - era Homeland Security Presidential Directive 8 ( HSPD - 8 ) , also removed from the White House web site , established " a national program and a multi- year planning system to conduct homeland security preparedness - related exercises . "
CRS avers , " The program is to be carried out in collaboration with state and local governments and private sector entities . "
The Defense Department ’s role during such emergencies were intended to focus " principally on domestic incident management , either for terrorism or non terrorist catastrophic events . "
DoD would play a " significant role " in the overall response .
Such murky definitions cover a lot of ground and are ripe with a potential for abuse by unscrupulous securocrats and their corporate partners .
The primary DoD entity responsible for " civil support , " a focus of Obama ’s EO is USNORTHCOM and its active combat component , U.S. Army North .
However , as with almost everything relating to COG and current plans under EO 13528 that propose to " synchronize and integrate State and Federal military activities , " USNORTHCOM ’s role is shrouded in secrecy .
As researcher Peter Dale Scott revealed [ 11 ] in 2008 , when Congressman Peter DeFazio , Homeland Security Committee Chairman Bennie Thompson and Oversight Subcommittee Chairman Christopher Carney sought access to classified COG annexes , their request was denied by the White House .
Scott wrote : " DeFazio ’s inability to get access to the NSPD Annexes is less than reassuring .
If members of the Homeland Security Committee cannot enforce their right to read secret plans of the Executive Branch , then the systems of checks and balances established by the U.S. Constitution would seem to be failing . "
One hammer blow followed another .
In 2008 , Army Times [ 12 ] reported , that the " 3rd Infantry Division ’s 1st Brigade Combat Team [ BCT ] has spent 35 of the last 60 months in Iraq patrolling in full battle rattle , helping restore essential services and escorting supply convoys .
Now they ’re training for the same mission — with a twist — at home . "
Analyst Michel Chossudovsky commented [ 13 ] , " What is significant in this redeployment of a US infantry unit is the presumption that North America could , in the case of a national emergency , constitute a ’ war theater ’ thereby justifying the deployment of combat units . "
According to Chossudovsky , " The new skills to be imparted consist in training 1st BCT in repressing civil unrest , a task normally assumed by civilian law enforcement . "
" It is noteworthy , the World Socialist Web Site [ 14 ] commented , " that the deployment of US combat troops ’as an on - call federal response force for natural or manmade emergencies and disasters ’ ... coincides with the eruption of the greatest economic emergency and financial disaster since the Great Depression of the 1930s . "
" Justified as a response to terrorist threats , " socialist critic Bill Van Auken averred , " the real source of the growing preparations for the use of US military force within America ’s borders lies not in the events of September 11 , 2001 or the danger that they will be repeated .
Rather , the domestic mobilization of the armed forces is a response by the US ruling establishment to the growing threat to political stability . "
Since USNORTHCOM ’s deployment of a combat brigade on U.S. soil , the capitalist crisis has deepened and intensified .
With unemployment at a post - war high and the perilous economic and social conditions of the working class growing grimmer by the day , EO 13258 is a practical demonstration of ruling class consensus when it comes to undermining the democratic rights of the American people .
After all , where the defense of wealth and privileges are concerned corporate thugs and war criminals have no friends , only interests ...
Lil Wayne is not making things easy for Miami real - estate brokers trying to sell an apartment where he ’s currently living .
The Grammy Award - winning rapper rents a three - bedroom , two - bathroom apartment in South Beach that ’s owned by someone else and is up for sale for $ 520,000 .
A prospective buyer who recently toured the pad tells Page Six that the broker trying to sell it has some very specific requests .
“ My fiancée and I called to make an appointment to see it , and the broker , deadpan , goes , ‘ I have two questions :
Are you offended by the smell of marijuana ?
And do you mind coming late in the afternoon ?
It ’s currently rented by Lil Wayne , and these are not morning people . ”
Adds our spy : “ Once we got there , a member of Wayne ’s posse opened the door to the overwhelming smell of marijuana .
Two hot , rap - video - looking girls were walking around in nothing but a bra and underwear , blasting hip - hop .
We just went in and looked around and tried not to stare . ”
Our source continued that Wayne , who also has a $ 3.1 million condo in the Murano Grande building and was n’t present during their tour , is actually a very neat tenant .
“ He had a perfectly organized closet of crisp T - shirts on hangers , neatly stacked piles of XXL magazine , and a fully stocked bar featuring multiple bottles of Hennessy Black . ”
Wayne , whose real name is Dwayne Michael Carter , has been very candid about his drug use , telling “ CBS Evening News ” anchor Katie Couric in her “ All Access Grammy Special ” in September , “ I will stand up for marijuana every day , ” adding that he used pot to treat his migraines .
After numerous delays , his new album , “ Rebirth , ” is due out in February — the same month he ’ll be sentenced for a weapons - possession charge .
He ’s expected to get one year in jail .
His rep did not respond to a request seeking comment .
By Mark Simpson
BBC Ireland correspondent
Relations between Peter Robinson ( left ) and Martin McGuinness have soured Just as the people of Northern Ireland are catching their breath after the extraordinary revelations about the marital difficulties of Peter and Iris Robinson , another relationship crisis is about to hit the headlines .
The Stormont coalition between Sinn Fein and the DUP is heading towards breaking point , and looks increasingly unlikely to survive .
As a story , it is much less colourful , and may not excite the tabloid editors and readers , but it could be immeasurably more important .
For the past five days , the media and the public have been obsessed with the Robinson saga .
Is there anyone from Northern Ireland reading this that was n't talking about it at the dinner table during the weekend ?
Is there anyone living in Belfast who has n't heard a cruel Iris Robinson joke ?
Or received an Iris Robinson - inspired text message ?
Thought so .
The next story to break is unlikely to lead to such a frenzy , but it could have repercussions for years to come .
Nightmare scenario
The demise of the Stormont power - sharing executive is looking a real possibility in the coming days .
Predicting the future in Northern Ireland is a dangerous game , but here 's the nightmare scenario for supporters of power - sharing .
In the next week , either First Minister Peter Robinson is ousted from office , or Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness withdraws from office , in protest at the DUP 's failure to agree to the devolution of policing and justice powers .
Under the law , they would both lose their jobs .
It 's a joint office ; if one goes , both go .
The rules state that when the office becomes vacant , the parties at Stormont are given seven days to elect a new First and Deputy First Minister .
The DUP and Sinn Fein have been arguing about the devolution of policing
There would then be a week to save Stormont .
Round - table talks could be called , and a stately home in the country could be booked to concentrate the parties ' minds - and keep the media at bay .
However , does anyone realistically believe that the parties could sort out in seven days the issues that they have been arguing about for the past two years ?
On second thoughts , cancel that stately home .
If there is no agreement in the seven - day rescue period , this would then trigger an Assembly election .
It would be up to the Northern Ireland Secretary Shaun Woodward to set the date .
The legislation does not give a precise time - scale .
Given that an election could potentially make the prospect of a reconciliation between Sinn Fein and the DUP even more remote , Mr Woodward might be in no rush to send the parties to the polls .
However , he could eventually be forced to call an immediate poll by a court challenge .
So then it could be an Assembly election in March , followed by a quick breather , and then a Westminster election in May .
Before you know it , it 's the summer marching season .
Rule change
If all of the above occurs , it is difficult to imagine any serious talks before September .
At the same time , dissident republicans are planning and plotting in the shadows , and their spokespersons are telling the media " Sinn Fein got it wrong , politics does n't work " .
For those who want the Stormont Assembly to survive , it 's a grim scenario but it 's not as far - fetched as many would like to believe .
Mind you , veteran watchers of the peace process know that just because the rules say there has to be an Assembly election does n't mean that there will be one .
When the rules do n't suit , they can be changed .
It has happened before .
But back to this week .
It is going to take something extraordinary to happen in the coming days to prevent either Peter Robinson or Martin McGuinness leaving office .
The truth is that the relationship between the DUP and Sinn Fein has not been working for some time .
Decision - making has been frozen for months .
If your computer screen were now to freeze , you would be left with little option but to pull the plug and try to reboot .
Stormont seems to be in a similar position .
The only question appears to be whether it is a seven - day reboot or a long , slow overhaul .
At this stage , the more likely scenario is the latter .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The synthesis and structural characterization of six 1,1,3,3 - tetramethylguanidine ( H - TMG ) solvated lanthanide aryloxide complexes are reported .
Ln [ N{Si( CH 3 ) 3 } 2 ] 3 ( Ln = Nd , La ) was reacted with two equivalents of both H- TMG and HOAr { HOAr = HOC 6 H 2 ( CMe 3 ) 2 - 2,6 ( H - DBP ) or HOC 6 H 2 ( CMe 3 ) 2 -2,6-CH 3 - 4 ( H - 4MeDBP ) } and one equivelent of ethanol ( HOEt ) to yield the corresponding [ Nd( H - TMG ) 2 ( 4MeDBP ) 2 ( OEt ) ] ( 1 ) and [ La(H - TMG ) 2 ( DBP ) 2 ( OEt ) ] ( 2 ) .
Compounds 1 and 2 were further reacted with 4 - pentyn - 1 - ol { HO ( CH 2 ) 3 C CH} to isolate [ Nd(H - TMG ) 2 ( 4MeDBP ) 2 { O( CH 2 ) 3 C CH} ] ( 3 ) and [ La(H - TMG ) 2 ( DBP ) 2 { O ( CH 2 ) 3 C CH} ] ( 4 ) , respectively .
Three equivalents of HOAr and one equivalent of H - TMG were additionally reacted with Ln[ N{Si( CH 3 ) 3 } 2 ] 3 to generate [ Nd( 4MeDBP ) 3 ( H - TMG ) ] ( 5 ) and [ La( DBP ) 3 ( H - TMG ) ] ( 6 ) .
In order to examine the formation of 1 –6 , the interaction of H - TMG and HOAr was further examined in solution and the hydrogen bonded complexes ( H - TMG : HOAr ) , 7 and 8 , were isolated .
Upon successful isolation of 1 –6 , the utility of 1 , 2 , 4 and 5 as pre- catalysts for the intramolecular hydroalkoxylation of 4 - pentyn - 1 - ol was investigated .
The bulk powders for all complexes were found to be in agreement with the crystal structures based on elemental analyses , FT - IR spectroscopy , and 1 H and 13 C NMR investigations .
UPDATE : Toledo police release video of the " McNuggets Rage " incident
JANUARY 4-- Meet Melodi Dushane .
Angered that Chicken McNuggets were not available at an Ohio McDonald 's , the Toledo woman allegedly put her fist through the eatery 's drive - thru window .
The January 1 McNuggets rage incident resulted in Dushane , 24 , being arrested for felony vandalism and booked into the Lucas County jail , where the mug shot at left was snapped .
According to a Toledo Police Department report , Dushane pulled up to the drive - thru window Friday at 6:20 AM and ordered " Chicken McNuggets and other dinner items . "
When informed that McDonald 's stopped serving dinner selections at 2:30 AM , Dushane began arguing with employee Melissa Vasquez .
At one point , Dushane " leaned out of her car , into the window , and punched Melissa in her mouth , " cops reported .
When night manager Tia Walker appeared at the window , Dushane took a swing at her , prompting a tussle .
When the women separated , Dushane " then punched the drive through window , breaking it " and sending glass flying everywhere .
The scene of the alleged chicken crime can be seen here , thanks to Google 's Street View feature .
Dushane , next due in court on January 28 , has been ordered to stay away from the fast food outlet .
Last March , a Florida woman was arrested after she called 911 three times to complain that a McDonald 's was out of Chicken McNuggets .
" This is an emergency .
If I would have known they did n't have McNuggets , I would n't have given my money , and now she wants to give me a McDouble , but I do n't want one , " Latreasa Goodman told a police operator .
( 4 pages )
Domino's Pizza Inc. Chief Executive David A. Brandon will step down in March , with the board of directors planning to name J. Patrick Doyle as his successor in keeping with the pizza - chain 's succession planning .
Mr. Brandon will stay on as chairman while becoming athletic director at the University of Michigan .
The pizza chain , like other ...
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Scientists from space agency Nasa are testing a mineral only found in one corner of Scotland to see if it can provide clues about life on Mars .
Macaulayite is only believed to exist at a quarry at the foot of Bennachie in Aberdeenshire .
Researchers think it could be the same mineral which gives the planet its red colour .
Samples have now been sent to a testing centre in California in an attempt to verify its presence .
Macaulayite was discovered by researchers from Aberdeen 's Macaulay Institute in the late 1970s .
Tests are being carried out on Macaulayite found in Aberdeenshire
The mineral is formed in the presence of water so if it does occur on the surface of Mars it could provide proof the planet can sustain life .
It is formed from granite which has been weathered by tropical climates from before the last Ice Age .
The team which found it was led by mineralogist Jeff Wilson , who is now retired .
Dr Wilson told BBC Scotland : " It is exciting because this particular mineral contains water .
" It 's a very fine grain mineral and water is bound to the inner surfaces .
" There 's been a lot of speculation about the occurrence of water on Mars .
We do n't know but it could be associated with this mineral . "
The US space agency Nasa is conducting tests on Macaulayite .
Dr Janice Bishop , a Mars specialist from the Search for Extra Terrestrial Intelligence Institute , said : " All life forms as we know it require liquid water so if we can actually find periods of time or places on the planet where there was standing water then the chance of life having formed increase greatly . "
Only limited data has been collected about the surface of Mars , through orbiters and probe landings .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
When Currencies Crash
The US is dedicated to debasing its currency .
Are you ready ?
There is a risk in holding cash in an environment of asset price inflation – a condition that usually occurs when governments create large fiscal deficits and inflate the money supply .
The practice is endemic to banana republics and declining empires … and it is happening in the US at this very moment .
The global recession and financial crisis have refocused attention on government stimulus packages .
These packages typically emphasize spending , predicated on the view that the expenditure ‘ multipliers ’ are greater than one – so that gross domestic product expands by more than government spending itself .
Stimulus packages typically also feature tax reductions , designed partly to boost consumer demand ( by raising disposable income ) and partly to stimulate work effort , production and investment ( by lowering rates ) .
The existing empirical evidence on the response of real gross domestic product to added government spending and tax changes is thin …
But the evidence is quite strong that these policy responses usually trigger inflation .
I suppose that even someone without any common sense might understand that a “ strong currency ” over longer periods of time reflects a high degree of prosperity and economic success , whereas a chronically weak currency is symptomatic of economic imbalances , such as a lack of competitiveness or overconsumption , arising usually from excessive supply of money and credit .
I would also suppose that even if someone never travels overseas , he would understand that if the US dollar loses 50 % of its value against all the other world currencies ( everything else being equal ) , it means the US is 50 % poorer relative to the rest of the world .
( Now , this is not entirely correct , since the US has overseas assets that would appreciate in value in USD terms ) .
Moreover , stock price movements become extremely volatile and erratic in countries with a depreciating currency .
In the long run , the depreciation of the currency will usually more than eliminate the gains in local currency terms .
So , whereas in 2007 both the Dow Jones and the S&P 500 exceeded their previous highs reached in 2000 in US dollar terms , these indices failed to make new highs in Euro terms .
In addition , whereas the US economy expanded in US dollar terms between 2001 and 2007 , in Euro terms it actually contracted !
Even with the S&P 500 having shot up since the beginning of the year by over 25 % , it has merely kept pace with the price of gold .
And during the last 10 years , the S&P has lagged behind the official US inflation rate … while lagging VERY far behind both the euro and gold .
Sine the end of 1999 , the S&P 500 has delivered a total return after inflation of about MINUS 25 % .
Unfortunately , the US is not the only country that is busily debasing its currency .
“ Everyone ” is doing it .
Because of the current collective debasement of all paper currencies by central bankers , I believe that precious metals and mining companies will maintain their purchasing power .
In the 1980s the US dollar was a very strong paper currency compared to the Mexican Peso .
Today , there is no paper currency that is as strong relative to the US dollar as the US dollar was relative to the Peso in the 1980s !
The only “ currencies ” that have a chance of becoming as strong against the US dollar as the US dollar was against the Peso between 1979 and 1988 are precious metals such as gold , silver , platinum , and palladium .
Also , I should add that precious metals could appreciate even if the US dollar miraculously recovered strongly against foreign currencies for an extended period of time .
Such dollar strength would probably be a symptom of some horrible economic or political problems around the world , which could be friendly to precious metals .
Central bankers and pundits seem to believe that they have averted the second Great Depression , while ignoring the fact that more and more debt produces less and less GDP and fewer and fewer jobs .
For now , though , the low ten - year bond yield is the lifeline from which all support flows .
Much of the investment universe holds together because money can still be had for cheap – not by the volition of a cooperative private sector , rather induced by a US government that simply distributes money for free .
Such an ill - conceived idea could only have been born in the test tube of a central banker .
Private lenders comprehend the difficulty of making profits when being forced to lend for nothing , so the government increasingly finds itself to be the interest - free lender of last resort .
Ultimately , if central bankers continue this process for long enough , it is the dollar , and any currency or economy still pegged to it , that could eventually crash .
Therefore , we investors find ourselves in the precarious position of having to maintain sufficient liquidity , but not too much in case the real value of these liquid reserves is wiped out by politicians and central bankers gone mad .
Regards ,
Dr. Marc Faber ,
for The Daily Reckoning
EDITORS NOTE :
This is part one of a five – part series addressing the gay community and its relationship to organized religion .
Parts one and two are a profile of a K - State student , whose name was changed for anonymity , who underwent a conversion therapy program as a child .
The reference to LGBTQI stands for lesbian , gay , bi-sexual , transgender , questioning and inter-sex .
It all began with a Playboy .
On a missionary compound , the Playboy magazine was far from ordinary and it caused quite a commotion among the teenage boys .
Except one : Thomas Swanson , who saw the photos with his friends and felt confused .
“ I went up to my dad and just asked him why I did n’t like this , but I liked my best friend very much , ” Swanson said .
“ I had a crush on him , and that was the first night my dad sent me to the emergency room . ”
Upon hearing Swanson ’s question , his father , Mark , continued to punch him until he blacked out and later awoke in the emergency room .
This was far from the first time Swanson , a K - State student who did not want his real name be used , had recounted his story of parental abuse and extreme measures to change his same - sex attraction .
An atypical childhood
Swanson spent much of his time as a child moving .
While this may not be common for many children in America , for Swanson ’s family of missionaries it was normal .
By age 13 , he had lived in four countries and in more than 10 states .
Spending so much time relocating , Swanson formed an intense bond with his family .
“ My parents and I have a cement relationship , hours and hours of talking to them each day , ” he said .
In many of the places he lived , no one but his family members spoke English , forcing them to bond .
Swanson ’s options for friends and contact with the outside world were limited , as he was home schooled and had only one sibling .
Confused through puberty
The first time his father sent him to the emergency room , the family was living in Florida .
Having shared such a close relationship with his father , Swanson never gave a second thought to asking him about being attracted to boys .
His father physically demonstrated his opinion about Swanson ’s attraction .
“ I like to call that the ‘ beat the gay out stage , ' ” Swanson said .
“ He just kept punching and punching until I blacked out . ”
This would occur six more times in roughly six months until Swanson ’s mother , Carol , said the hospital was not going to believe he had tripped or kept falling down stairs .
To this day Swanson said he cannot understand how the hospital did not acknowledge the physical evidence of parental abuse .
He said the hospital dealt with the missionary community on a regular basis and he thinks they would never have believed “ these Christians who are changing the world ” would abuse their children .
“ I was screaming trying to get people to listen , and they just said ‘ oh he just hit his head , ' ” Swanson said .
After seven hospital trips and no change in his sexuality , Swanson was confused and in a state of shock .
At this point Swanson said he did not even know what being gay was , or what was happening to him .
His parents decided to take him to “ therapy . ”
Reparative therapy in action
Swanson entered the room cautiously .
He remembers the light yellow walls , the bibles stacked on a coffee table , a comfortable couch , and a welcoming man .
Swanson said he cannot remember the man ’s name , a fact that bothers him to this day , but he does remember the man ’s gelled - up hair and glasses — a “ coffee - shop cool guy look . ”
Swanson still does not know whether the man he refers to as a “ therapist ” had formal training or certification in the field .
The man shook Swanson ’s hand and offered no hostility , causing him to think therapy was a much better option than his father ’s “ solution . ”
Swanson entered a back room and the therapy started immediately .
“ He said I was an abomination and the first session he listed all the religious reasons why I was evil , ” Swanson said .
“ Which to me actually hurt quite a bit , because I was missionary kid and I had memorized all the verses he was reading to me . ”
Swanson said although he had memorized most verses the man referenced , he never truly knew what they meant and felt miserable that he was being damned .
The pair met every other week and during the second meeting Swanson was informed about the gay life he led .
Swanson was falsely led to believe he had AIDS .
“ Because all gay people had AIDS .
Then he showed me everything that would happen with AIDS , ” Swanson said .
“ He said you ’ve already got this .
You ’re going to die , but we need to make sure you change before you die . ”
For a 14 - year - old who had had almost no contact with the world outside of missionary compounds , Swanson was terrified .
He said he believed every word and wished he could change , hoping God would cure him of AIDS if he were to become straight .
Having AIDS was not the only lie his “ therapist ” told him .
“ This is probably the most insane thing I have ever heard but I completely believed it until I got to college .
That there were no other gay people in the world , the government found gay children and killed them , ” Swanson said .
“ Somehow I had gotten through and the government would find me and kill me .
My parents had already told me this , but he concreted it . ”
As a result of this news , Swanson said he stayed awake for six nights fearful that his life was over .
But now he understands that his parents and the therapist sought his complete emotional and mental breakdown to ensure he would disconnect from his homosexual attractions .
He referred to those two months as the “ mental torture ” portion of his therapy .
Physical torture begins
Swanson remembers moving to a new room for the remainder of his therapy .
Unlike the first , this room lacked a comfortable couch .
Instead he was seated in a chair with straps dangling from its arms .
“ They had n’t really explained male - male interaction .
I understood that my affection toward another male was wrong , that was the abomination and that is what was killing me , ” Swanson said .
Swanson said it was repeated that he should like girls , and he feared if he did n’t there would be repercussions .
After he was seated , each of his hands was strapped to the arm of the chair and softball - size ice blocks were placed in each palm .
Then photos of men touching appeared on the screen .
At times a heterosexual couple was shown , and the ice was removed .
The ice was left on his palms , causing freezing pain , as many photos of homosexual men were shown .
“ It was supposed to associate if I touched another man , I would feel pain .
Which first of all really confuses a kid because he ’s been hugging his father for years , ” Swanson said .
The therapy lasted two sessions , each for one hour , and worked so well that years later when a gay man embraced him , Swanson literally screamed as pain surged all over his body .
The ice proved to be only the beginning .
The week he returned after his final ice session , the man introduced heat .
Swanson was again strapped to the chair by his hands .
Again photos were shown , but this time , there was a level of intimacy that had lacked in the previous sessions .
The men were embracing or perhaps kissing on the cheek and Swanson received intense amounts of heat transferred through gel pads applied to his hands .
“ Now it was the burn sensation , ” Swanson said .
“ I still had , for a few years , a huge pink mark across my hand because it would literally burn your skin . ”
Swanson said the man continued to show photos , and turned the heat on or off depending on whether they were of a heterosexual or homosexual nature .
The only relief Swanson found was when the pads were removed , temporarily , to turn his hand over to avoid causing permanent burns to his skin .
Escaping the pain
It was after this round of therapy that Swanson first tried to commit suicide .
As ironic as it may seem , Swanson said he was terrified of pain .
After five torturous therapy sessions he was willing to do anything to end his life , but was left with few options since he wanted to avoid a painful death .
“ My first time was a simple overdose , ” Swanson said .
He was prescribed a heavy dose of pain medication because of his therapy and decided to take 10 pills and just go to sleep .
The pills did not kill him , but caused him to sleep for nearly two days .
His parents took him to the hospital , but to this day Swanson has not told his family or the hospital about his intentions .
Hurting all over
Trying to believe his parents and therapist were acting for his own good , Swanson said he continued with the program and was introduced to its final stage : electricity .
“ Very very thin needles were inserted into my fingers , on all 10 fingers , still strapped down , and then the rest of my body was strapped down because they knew what was going to happen , ” Swanson said .
As the man turned on the electricity , the pain was so horrible , Swanson still cannot understand why his mother sat in the lobby and did not race to rescue him as he screamed .
All types of adult images were portrayed on the screen during the electric - shock sessions .
The therapist spoke very rarely but with emphasis .
“ I block out a lot of things , but I remember him saying , ‘ this is evil , ’ the first time I saw a picture of a man and a man in bed together .
I ’ll never forget that one , ” Swanson said .
While recounting his electric - shock therapy Swanson stares ahead in a haze .
He repeatedly adjusts his pant legs and shifts in his chair .
“ Electricity was excruciating , ” Swanson said with a look of intensity .
“ I have no way of describing to people how hard I screamed ; it was excruciating pain .
The pain was horrible I would lose bowel control , consciousness , mental capacity , so many things with the electricity . ”
The abuse was overwhelming ; it had gotten to the point where Swanson feared riding in the car , thinking he was going to therapy .
Clinton Anderson , associate executive director and director of the LGBT concerns office at the American Psychological Association , said he is unaware of any evidence that would support using electric - shock therapy to change a sexual attraction .
“ There is no reason for a child or adolescent to go through treatment to change their sexual orientation , from the APA ’s standpoint , because we do not view it as bad or wrong , ” Anderson said .
“ Certainly electro - shock therapy has been used for many years , primarily , for depression .
There is some evidence electro - shock can have a role for people dealing with severe depression . ”
However , Clinton said he does not think that treatment would work to change sexual orientation .
Swanson believes he is living proof that the pain of several electric - shock therapy sessions will not alter sexuality .
“ Once we got to electrocution my life was hell .
I could n’t eat .
I could n’t sleep .
We were homeschooled so my education was OK , ” Swanson said .
“ My parents were smiling every night , like everything was OK , like ‘ this is working on our kid . ' ”
Read the Collegian tomorrow for the rest of Swanson ’s story , and keep reading each day this week for the next part of this special series .
" Social media is becoming the web , and social media is becoming the media , " he says .
" It 's been a nice area to be covering these last few years , and we 've been able to grow as a blog alongside it .
There 's very little on the web that has n't had this social element built in to it .
It 's integrated in to every site you use now . "
FRENCH PRESIDENT
Nicolas Sarkozy has challenged Google ’s plans to digitise the world ’s classic books by declaring that he will not allow his country to be stripped of its literary heritage for any company ’s benefit .
Addressing concerns about Google ’s aim of scanning out - of - copyright titles and providing them in searchable form online , Mr Sarkozy said that France would increase funding for its own digitisation project .
“ We wo n’t let ourselves be stripped of our heritage for the benefit of a big company , no matter how friendly , big or American it is , ” he said .
Speaking at a public meeting in Alsace , he said France ’s national digitisation project – Gallica – would be one of the projects financed by a national loan , which is due to inject billions of euro into strategic investments next year .
“ We are not going to be stripped of what generations and generations have produced in the French language , just because we were n’t capable of funding our own digitisation project , ” he said .
It is not the first time that France has challenged Google .
In 2005 , French and German leaders announced that they would work together to develop a multimedia search engine called Quaero ( Latin for “ I search “ ) that many saw as a direct attack on the American firm .
Progress has been slow on the project due to lack of funds .
The president ’s remarks came the day after his culture minister , Frédéric Mitterrand , told Google ’s vice - president , David Drummond , of France ’s “ concern ” about the company ’s project .
Mr Mitterrand , a champion of the state - funded programme , said that although he was not hostile to the idea of a public - private partnership on book - scanning , he was conscious of “ the risks inherent in such co-operation ” .
Marc Tessier , a former president of France Télévision who is leading France ’s own book - scanning venture , is due to report next week on the possibility of a partnership with a private company .
Google has already scanned thousands of French works still under copyright , and a verdict is expected next week in a case brought against the company by France ’s third largest publisher , Le Seuil .
It accused Google of illegally copying , storing and publishing thousands of its works and is seeking € 15 million in damages .
Warning that it was important for publishing to avoid the sort of damage that illegal downloads have caused to the music and film industries , French prime minister François Fillon last month established a commission to look at how the sector can adapt .
In an open letter , Mr Fillon listed several possible strategies , including a project to scan the contents of Europe ’s libraries ; applying internet piracy laws to the publishing sector ; asking publishers to propose ways of policing download ; and developing the market for legal digital books .
Mr Fillon said France would not accept another cultural industry being “ threatened by looting ” .
France ’s government has proposed some of the world ’s strictest online piracy legislation , and in September parliament approved a law that will allow authorities to disconnect repeat illegal downloaders .
Spotted this little fella frolicking in the snow in the back garden – I did n’t want to go out in the snow as I ’ve seen plenty enough of it recently so he ’s saved me from going outside ( and no doubt falling on my clumsy arse ! )
Bernanke a ‘ key architect of the Bush economy , ’ Sanders says
Bunning to Bernanke :
You are ‘ the definition of moral hazard ’
Update : A fourth senator has joined three other senators in placing a hold on the Fed Chairman ’s nomination .
Louisiana Republican David Vitter will also move to keep the chairman ’s nomination from coming to the floor .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Over the past year or so , the Fed has doled out several trillion dollars to any number of troubled institutions through a series of programs that were supposed to turn our economy around , ” Vitter said in a statement .
“ These programs have worsened our economic crisis by making ‘ too big to fail ’ a permanent government policy and created further debt that will now be the burden of our children and grandchildren .
His endorsement of these unsound fiscal policies gives me great pause . ”
A bipartisan effort to block the confirmation of Ben Bernanke to a second term as chairman of the Federal Reserve means the White House will face tougher obstacles reappointing the man it says is the right person to lead the country ’s central bank .
Since last year ’s financial collapse , Bernanke has been severely criticized by some as playing an instrumental role in allowing the creation of the asset bubbles that caused investment banks Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers to disappear , and forced a $ 700 - billion bank bailout on taxpayers .
On Wednesday evening , Sen. Bernie Sanders ( I - VT ) , an independent democratic socialist who caucuses with the Democrats , declared that he would place a hold on Bernanke ’s confirmation .
“ The American people overwhelmingly voted last year for a change in our national priorities to put the interests of ordinary people ahead of the greed of Wall Street and the wealthy few , ” Sanders said .
“ What the American people did not bargain for was another four years for one of the key architects of the Bush economy . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
And today The Hill reported that Sen. Jim Bunning ( R - KY ) also placed a hold on the confirmation .
The hold prevents Bernanke ’s nomination from going to a vote on the floor unless a 60 - vote margin overrides it .
Reuters reported Thursday that Sen. Jim DeMint ( R - SC ) has joined Sanders and Bunning in opposing the nomination .
The Financial Times reports that “ most Hill - watchers think that in the end — after a lot of griping about the Fed — there will easily be the 60 votes required to overcome the hold and reconfirm Bernanke on a bipartisan basis . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Sen. Chris Dodd ( D - CT ) , who chairs the Senate Banking Committee , gave Bernanke his support during the hearing .
But , as David Dayen — the FireDogLake blogger who first reported that Bunning would join the hold — stated on his blog , this does not mean that the senators ’ holds will have no effect .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ At the very least , this delay and the publicity surrounding bipartisan opposition to Bernanke would bring attention to the issue of the Federal Reserve and the desire for transparency , like the movement to audit the Fed , ” Dayen writes .
Bernanke faced a tough hearing in front of the Senate Banking Committee Thursday , where he defended his record as Fed chairman and argued against greater congressional oversight of the quasi- independent central bank .
“ You are the definition of moral hazard , ” Bunning said to Bernanke , in a pre-prepared statement posted by the Huffington Post .
( “ Moral hazard is the term used to describe banks taking unnecessary risks because they believe they will be bailed out by the government if anything goes wrong . )
“ Instead of taking that money and lending to consumers and cleaning up their balance sheets , the banks started to pocket record profits and pay out billions of dollars in bonuses .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Because you bowed to pressure from the banks and refused to resolve them or force them to clean up their balance sheets and clean out the management , you have created zombie banks that are only enriching their traders and executives . ”
“ There were mistakes made all around , ” Bernanke said when asked if he would change what the Fed had done .
For bank regulations , he said , “ We should have done more .
We should have required more capital , more liquidity .
We should have required tougher risk management controls . ”
“ I did not anticipate a crisis of this magnitude and severity , ” Bernanke told the panel .
“ But given that it happened , many of the banks … were not adequately prepared in terms of their reserves , in terms of their liquidity .
That is a mistake we wo n’t make again . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Bernanke warned senators about placing too much political oversight on the Fed , particularly on its role in setting monetary policy .
“ Monetary policy , by its very nature , has to look ahead over a longer period of time , ” he said .
“ There is a very , very strong finding … which shows that countries that have independent central banks , that make monetary policy without political intervention , have lower inflation , lower interest rates and better performance than those in which the central bank is subject to considerable political control . ”
Bernanke also heard praise from the committee chairman , Senator Chris Dodd .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Under your leadership , Mr. Chairman , the Federal Reserve has taken extraordinary actions to right the economy , ” Dodd said in his opening statement .
— With Agence France - Presse
The now - finished climate change summit in Copenhagen marks the " arrogance of man , " former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin ( R ) said this weekend .
Palin , who had urged President Barack Obama not to attend the conference in Denmark , blasted the agreement world leaders made late on Friday to begin stemming emissions that contribute to climate change .
Palin tweeted early Saturday morning :
Copenhgen=arrogance of man2 think we can change nature 's ways .
MUST b good stewards of God 's earth , but arrogant&naive2 say man overpwers nature
Earth saw clmate chnge4 ions ; will cont 2 c chnges .
R duty 2responsbly devlop resorces4humankind / not pollute &destroy ; but cant alter naturl chng
Those tweets and previous skepticism the 2008 GOP vice presidential nominee has expressed toward global warming science has led some to label her a climate change " denier . "
But Palin has maintained that she does not deny that climate change exists , and that she only questions the extent of the change and what sort of policies should be put in place to address it .
Obama hammered out what the White House has called a " meaningful agreement " with China , India , and South Africa to stem the forces behind global warming late on Friday evening .
Cross-posted to the Twitter Room .
A Jewish teenager tried to pray on a flight from New York to Kentucky .
He pulled out small boxes containing holy scrolls .
Everyone panicked , according to the AP :
The flight landed in Philadelphia about 9 a.m. without incident and was met by police , bomb - sniffing dogs and officials from the FBI and Transportation Security Administration .
Wow !
What an amazing NOMCON we ’ve had so far .
We started Day 1 off with a
fantastic Keynote by Dr. Leah Hanes from Two Bit Circus Foundation , celebrated
the amazing Infy Maker Award recipients , and launched into a full day of incredible
panels , roundtables , workshops , spark sessions and fireside chats .
We finished our
incredible programming for the day with a discussion of our Core Principles and how
maker organizations can begin the important work of putting them into action .
And of
course , we still had a Happy Hour - our cocktail hour was a nice break to see each
other ’s faces , enjoy some fun conversations ( what are YOU binge watching these
days ? ) , and to experience a little of the maker love that we all feel during in - person
NOMCON .
But , as with any event , there were also some bumps in the road - and yesterday ,
that was the magical mystery of the disappearing Zoom links .
In true Scooby Doo
fashion , we figured out the culprit , and we are making sure we do n’t have a repeat
of that technical glitch for the remainder of our conference .
We are sorry for any
inconvenience for our attendees , speakers , exhibitors , and sponsors .
We are
grateful to all of you who attended yesterday - for your patience , grace , and
kindness during the technical issues , and for sticking with us in spite of them .
And in
true maker fashion , many of you jumped in as last minute volunteers ( with joy ! ) , because , well , that ’s what we , as a maker community do ( we fix things ! ) - for that , we are especially grateful .
Now who ’s excited for Day 2 ?
We are !
Today ’s Keynote comes from Dr. Paul Bunje from Conservation X Labs ,
who will speak to us about " Empowering Everyone to End the Sixth Mass
Extinction " .
Do n’t go the way of the dinosaurs - join us !
That will be followed by even
more exciting programming including some special sessions from the Department of
Energy about their new Geothermal Prize , including how innovative uses of additive
manufacturing in geothermal could save the day !
And of course , we ’ll have another
cocktail hour with breakouts and fun topics to discuss ( and possibly games ! ) .
Finally , do n’t forget to visit our virtual exhibit booths from XPrize , MatterHackers and
ShopBot as well as our Film Screening of Me and My Robot .
There is a lot of great
information , live session info and contests , and an absolutely great movie for you to
view .
MatterHackers will be having a daily giveaway drawing for attendees that add
the MatterHatter booth to their schedule .
Today ’s ( Thursday ’s ) giveaway is
a $ 100 MatterHackers Gift Card !
Check out their booth for more
information !
XPRIZE will have a live session on Friday at 2 pm ET , check out their
booth !
Attend a Film Screening at your leisure !
“ Me and My Robot ” will be
available online every day during the conference free for all attendees .
Check
out the session pinned to your schedule for link and details .
Also , Alex Crooks
will be giving a presentation about the film and Q&A on Friday at 3 pm Eastern
time .
Ca n’t wait to see you in the Zoomiverse today at NOMCON 2020 !
Warmest regards ,
Dorothy
As long as the Covid - 19 pandemic is a crissis we will not contribute to inflation or price gouging .
In fact , this is a time to give back .
Natural Selection : Individual Vs Group
In this article I am going to suggest that this arbitrary separation is meaningless .
Much like physics had to come to terms with wave - particle duality , biology must consider the same perspective where the answer depends very much on the question and how it is asked .
Clearly genes are the agents of change , however the gene - centric view of natural selection has several problems , not the least of which is that the gene can't determine whether it is selected for .
In fact , an important question that needs to be asked , is what does it mean to have a greater representation in a population ?
Does a multicellular organism have a greater representation because of the number of cells it contains or does it only count if multiple organisms are involved ?
If it is the latter , then what is the purpose in a multicellular organisms since that represents alot of work and little benefit to the gene ?
More importantly , genes cannot act in any intentional fashion , nor does it make sense to consider them as having a sense of time or the future , so it begs the question to suggest that they exist simply to propagate .
Whatever the criteria for suitability may be within a species , it is at this level that sexual selection will determine what the compliment of genes is that will be carried by the next generation .
Individual modifications will establish what constitutes the next generation that will begin the cycle over again .
However , it is equally clear that reproduction requires the existence of other compatible organisms , so any adaptation cannot out - pace the group with which it expects to interact .
In other words , being too successful individually will destroy the group and any possibility of future mates .
We already know that when a population threshold drops below a certain level , then regardless of individual traits , extinction is a likely result .
Therefore natural selection must also enable group selection , at a minimum , as a limiting factor .
If we consider the analogy of a sports team , it becomes clear that each individual must be capable of performing to the best of their abilities , and yet ensure that their actions are synchronized with the requirements of the group or team .
Any individual concerned only with their own objectives invariably disrupts the team and reduces the success of the group .
Similarly some organisms may benefit greatly by association with others of their kind , while others have minimal contact .
As the dependency on a group increases , so does the effect that natural selection will have on the members of such a group .
Traits that benefit the individual must also benefit the group for them to succeed .
This does n't ensure the survival of the group , but it plays a role in determining how natural selection may operate .
Let 's consider a hypothetical scenario for the evolution of the wolf .
If we begin with individuals only , it becomes clear that they are limited by size and speed to the prey that they can get .
Similarly if we consider their reproduction , then if we assume that they are not group oriented , then there must be some strategy to ensure the survival of their offspring .
This could be accommodated by having mating pairs stay together , or that the female be adapted to care for them on her own , etc .
Since most animals are not arbitrarily aggressive towards one another , let 's assume that at some point two or more animals inadvertently participate in killing a larger prey animal .
Perhaps the animal is weak and presents an opportunity that can't be passed up and the amount of food is too great for a single animal to consume , so it may be easier to share than to fight over it .
It may be something as simple as this that gives rise to the idea of cooperating to gain regular kills .
In fact , perhaps the idea of cooperation is simply the result of a larger grouping of animals gathering for the purpose of mating .
Whatever the case , at some point it becomes clear that such a cooperative effort becomes an easier vehicle for getting food than hunting alone .
Once such a cooperative group forms , then the selection pressure on individuals must shift to include the preservation of the group in future generations .
Any individual born that does n't have such a cooperative tendency will leave the group and pursue their own direction .
However , such an independent individual may , over time , find it difficult to find mates that are not also attached to groups , so their fitness will decline until they are no longer represented in the species .
While there is no question that the genes of each individual ultimately determine what kind of organism they are , it is difficult to argue that there is n't a corresponding selection pressure that preserves the group .
However , let 's consider the alternative and assume that such cooperative social behavior never occurred .
At this point we could speculate that wolves might conceivably become larger , so that the size and strength was a beneficial trait which would result in individuals that have greater hunting prowess .
As the animals become larger , there is less benefit to grouping together and should they become large enough it may actually be detrimental since they might simply out - pace the available prey in a region .
This might explain why the very large predators tend to be less social and operate on their own more often .
The previous discussion is simply a story and only intended to illustrate how a shift to cooperative group behaviors could occur so that group selection can become a factor in natural selection .
It should also provide an example of how natural selection may actually oppose the formation of groups , which is also a form of group selection , albeit in the negative .
It would seem that if we consider the survival of an individual cell , then a logical extension to group selection is when we consider the billions of cells that make up a multicellular organism .
Is this not group selection at the most fundamental level ?
In fact , one could make the point that the genes in multicellular species are , by definition , operating on cell groups .
It seems that any meaningful interpretation of natural selection must include a range of influences and not confine itself to singular explanations .
While each perspective may be useful in examining a particular function , in the end it is as meaningless as arguing over whether something is a particle or a wave .
A popular cafe in the inner-west Sydney suburb of Glebe has been gutted by fire .
A nearby resident called emergency services after waking to the smell of smoke about 3.30 am today , firefighters said .
Totally destroyed ... Cafe Otto. Credit : Nick Moir
They arrived at Cafe Otto , on Glebe Point Road , near the intersection with Parramatta Road , to find the brick and iron building engulfed in flames .
Do you know more ?
Message 0424 SMS SMH ( +61 424 767 764 ) or email us or direct message us on Twitter @smh_news with information or images .
Here at Scientific American we understand the wisdom of our readership .
Your intellect sets you apart from the rest of the population , and we are gracious to have you as visitors to this website .
As someone of exceptional judgment , we know you will be interested in subscribing to our exclusive online material , appropriate for only the most discerning intellectuals , and available to you for only $ 9.99 / month .
If appeals like this make you roll your eyes , you ’re not alone .
Most people tend to not appreciate flattery accompanied by obvious ulterior motives , and consider themselves fairly adept at determining whose compliments are sincere and whose are BS .
Great tie , boss !
Professor , your article redefined my entire understanding of human nature .
I know we just met , gorgeous , but I ’ve already fallen in love .
But what if this stuff actually works ?
And not just on the suckers who ca n’t tell the difference between the sincere and the insincere , but on those who recognize these techniques for what they are .
Such was the hypothesis of a new study , conducted by Elaine Chan and Jaideep Sengupta at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology and published in the Journal of Marketing Research .
Participants in the study were asked to evaluate the merits of a new department store opening in the area based on one of the store ’s advertisements .
In addition to describing the new store ’s offerings , the ad lauded readers for their impeccable sense of style and eye for high fashion .
While participants overwhelmingly categorized the pamphlet as flattery with the ulterior motive of pushing blouses , the experimenters were more interested in how their attitudes would be influenced at the implicit level .
Might participants develop a non-conscious positive association with the department store , even after rejecting the ad as meaningless puffery ?
And if so , would this implicit reaction be a better predictor of decisions and behavior down the road ?
Will even the people who are wise to advertising tricks end up at the register , credit card in hand ?
It turns out that implicit attitudes towards the store were more positive than explicit attitudes .
They were also better predictors of reported likelihood of making future purchases , as well as likelihood of joining the store ’s club .
So it seems that while participants quickly dismissed these ads at the explicit level , the flattery was exerting an important effect outside their awareness .
The authors speculated that the susceptibility to flattery stemmed from a simple desire to feel good about themselves .
Indeed , we hold ourselves in high esteem , a phenomenon known as the above - average effect .
Ask a group of people how good they are at driving , chances are they will all consider themselves to be above the mean .
Of course , this is statistically unlikely .
So , it is not surprising that we are particularly receptive to messages consistent with such a rosy - eyed view of our abilities and characteristics .
We may dismiss it offhand when a subordinate compliments our new haircut , but deep down we ’re thinking , “ You know what ?
I do look good ” .
In order to test whether the influence of insincere flattery on attitudes is driven by the motivation to self - enhance , the experimenters created two conditions – one in which participants were asked to write about an aspect of their personality that they would like to change and one in which they wrote about a valued trait .
As predicted , engaging in self - criticism amplified the effect of flattery on implicit attitudes while self - affirmation tempered this effect .
In other words , those of us who could use a little pick - me up to begin with are particularly vulnerable to the message behind a smooth sales pitch .
So , awareness of when we ’re being put on may not be enough to curb the effectiveness of insincerity .
Surely most people recognize that after drinking Bud Light a gang of gorgeous men and women will not be bursting into their apartment , eager to toast their new best friend .
Or that they are one prescription drug away from not only lowering cholesterol but happily prancing through meadows with family and friends .
What this research suggests , however , is that the implicit positivity we experience as a result of viewing these images could play an important role in what we reach for when standing in the liquor store staring at a freezer full of cheap beer .
You may not know why , but you ’d feel pretty good about a Bud right now .
And while you feel certain to you that your preference is not due to those silly ads ( just like it might seem obvious to a manager that they did n’t promote a candidate because he brings her donuts every morning ) , perhaps it is the certainty with which we dismiss these kinds of manipulative and deceptive appeals that allows them to hold such sway .
Are you a scientist ?
Have you recently read a peer - reviewed paper that you want to write about ?
Then contact Mind Matters co-editor Gareth Cook , a Pulitzer prize - winning journalist at the Boston Globe , where he edits the Sunday Ideas section .
He can be reached at garethideas AT gmail.com
Place him on the floor in the middle of your living room .
Then take two plates and place them at opposites walls .
Place a banana on one plate , and a taco on the other .
Then step back and wait for him to crawl to one of the plates , if he goes towards the Taco , he 's obviously straight .
If however he moves towards the banana , he is a homosexual heathen .
Trust me , though your child has not developed sexually yet , and even though I 'm just some random guy sitting at my laptop wrapped up in a blanket waiting for my space heater to warm up , I 'm an expert in the field of Inter - gender - baby - sexuality .
1 of 1 2 of 1
Charles Darwin's
On the Origin of Species : A Graphic Adaptation
By Michael Keller and Nicolle Rager Fuller .
Rodale Books , 192 pp , $ 23.50 , hardcover
This has really been Charles Darwin ’s year .
Marking both the 200th anniversary of his birth and the 150th anniversary of the publication of On the Origin of Species , 2009 has seen a number of commemorative efforts , from the minting of a two - pound coin bearing the English naturalist ’s likeness to the free distribution of a version of the groundbreaking text bowdlerized by creationists ( thank you , Kirk Cameron ! ) .
On the Origin of Species is an important work , the bedrock of evolutionary biology , and despite its relatively recent acceptance , however reluctant , by both the Church of England and the Catholic Church , there are still antiscience activists out there who dress their antiquated notions up with such legitimizing words as intelligent design and specified complexity .
Michael Keller ’s adaptation of On the Origin of Species , illustrated by Nicolle Rager Fuller , probably wo n’t prove more convincing to such wing nuts than any other version , but they probably would n’t read it in any case .
Keller does n’t dumb things down , generally using Darwin ’s own words to introduce the basic concepts of natural selection and descent with variation , but occasionally interjecting to note cases where science has refuted or shed new light on the original text .
Fuller ’s drawings of animals and plants are often beautiful and richly coloured , providing a vivid visual account of the ideas discussed in the text .
Oddly , though , her depictions of human beings are frankly amateurish , looking like the type of thing one might find in a high - school yearbook .
As a primer on Darwin ’s ideas for the uninitiated , this volume is not bad .
As a graphic novel , however , it ’s less successful .
It ’s a pity Keller did n’t team up with the talented British artist Simon Gurr , illustrator of Darwin : A Graphic Biography , published earlier this year .
Gurr draws people with as much skill as he draws animals , which seems apt , given the subject matter .
After all , as Darwin himself could have told you , we are animals .
But more dramatic still has been the new evidence from the CRU 's leaked documents , showing just how the evidence was finally rigged .
The most quoted remark in those emails has been one from Prof Jones in 1999 , reporting that he had used " Mike [ Mann ] 's Nature trick of adding in the real temps " to " Keith 's " graph , in order to " hide the decline " .
Invariably this has been quoted out of context .
Its true significance , we can now see , is that what they intended to hide was the awkward fact that , apart from that one tree , the Yamal data showed temperatures not having risen in the late 20th century but declining .
What Jones suggested , emulating Mann 's procedure for the " hockey stick " ( originally published in Nature ) , was that tree - ring data after 1960 should be eliminated , and substituted – without explanation – with a line based on the quite different data of measured global temperatures , to convey that temperatures after 1960 had shot up .
Steven Marrocco of the Vancouver Sun writes that the UFC plans to go after individuals and websites that push pirated UFC content :
Mixed martial arts fans who watch pirated internet content could soon be pressed against the cage , says the president of an industry - leading fight promotion .
In a move that could signal a sea change in the viral presence of MMA — the burgeoning sport of caged pugilism — Dana White , president of Ultimate Fighting Championship , said his company is readying a legal assault on individuals and websites that deal in unauthorized content .
“ When people start going to jail , people will stop doing it , ” White said .
The pay - per - view industry , of which the UFC has emerged as one of the most profitable players with an estimated $ 349 million US in revenue last year , is the latest front in a war between consumers who want free content and entertainment companies with a product to protect .
The weapon of choice for digital thieves : streaming video websites that beam live pay - per - view signals to their home computers , free of charge .
UFC CEO Lorenzo Fertitta testified for the US House Judiciary Committee earlier this month during a referendum on internet piracy of sporting events and said his anti-piracy team had uncovered 271 illegal streams of UFC 106 with over 140,000 viewers .
“ The piracy of live sporting events is illegal , it kills jobs , and it threatens the expansion of US based companies , ” he told lawmakers .
“ The UFC is potentially losing millions of dollars a year from piracy . ”
Payout Perspective :
The goal is a noble one , and definitely for the betterment of the sport , but one has to wonder if the money spent pursuing these lawsuits could n’t be better spent to further market and expand the sport .
It ’s going to be a very difficult to bring down all websites , let alone individual users of this content – the music and film industries have tried without much success thus far .
However , this might be the UFC ’s best option : join forces with other leagues – and even the music and film industries – to split the costs of the tremendous lobbying effort necessary to strengthen piracy laws .
A cheddar - ham biscuit with a soft - boiled egg : how could this be bad ?
No big surprises , it 's pretty perfect and available all day at Iris Cafe in Brooklyn Heights , which opened a couple months ago on a sleepy brownstone block .
Co-owner Rachel Graville uses her grandma 's biscuit recipe , which is already flaky , soft , and all those other good adjectives , but then she goes and adds Surryano ham ( Serrano - style from Surrey , Virginia ) and cheddar — wow .
The meat bits give you that smoky flavor without the hassle of a knife - and - fork situation ; and the still - warm biscuit gets a swipe of butter ( because somehow butter - on - butter is never gratuitous in biscuit situations ) .
There are no " egg " patties involved — this white blob is perfectly cooked and peppered , and the yolk will inevitably ooze into the biscuit craters .
There 's a lot of flavor packed into that little breakfast bundle ( $ 3.50 ) and you can wash it down with Stumptown ( coffee swooon ) .
Iris Cafe
20 Columbia Place , Brooklyn NY 11201 ( map ) 718-722-7395
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
La Chiva conoc�a al agresor de Caba�as .
La ex Big Brother reconoció por los videos y retratos hablados a quien dicen es el JJ , con quien tuvo una relación hace cuatro años y quien es padre de su hija
Silvia Irabien , ex participante del programa Big Brother , dio a conocer que el presunto agresor del futbolista Salvador Cabañas es el padre de su hija
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
Editor ’s note : Clark will be on NW Cable News tomorrow morning ( Nov 3 ) around 8:30 to talk more about this issue .
You may have seen the meme circulating around the internet : some researchers from Australia are claiming that owning a dog has as much impact on the planet as owning an SUV .
I ’ll let New Scientist summarize their case :
[ A ] medium - sized dog… consume[s ] 90 grams of meat and 156 grams of cereals daily in its recommended 300 - gram portion of dried dog food …
So that gives him a footprint of 0.84 hectares …
Meanwhile , an SUV … driven a modest 10,000 kilometres a year , uses 55.1 gigajoules , which includes the energy required both to fuel and to build it .
One hectare of land can produce approximately 135 gigajoules of energy per year , so the Land Cruiser ’s eco-footprint is about 0.41 hectares – less than half that of a medium - sized dog .
It ’s just the sort of counter - intuitive claim that gets lots of attention on the brave new internet era .
So interesting !
So science -y !
So Twitter - able !
And yet , so false !
Once you sniff around the numbers , it quickly becomes apparent that those researchers are barking up the wrong tree .
Let ’s get one thing out of the way : I ’m not a dog owner .
Much to my kids ’ dismay , I do n’t even want a pet .
Nor do I own an SUV .
So , in theory , I…er … do n’t have a dog in this fight .
Still , this claim struck me as so wrong that it made the hair on my neck stand up .
And I ’d hate to have someone catch scent of this meme and conclude that buying an SUV is no big deal —
“ It ’s not like I ’m buying a dog or anything ” — if the real numbers do n’t support that conclusion .
( That ’s the risk of bad information : it can lead us to make choices that are in stark conflict with our values . )
So let ’s paws for a moment , and see if this sleeping dog is actually a lie .
First , let ’s look at that SUV .
The calculations behind the internet meme say that it ’s driven about 6,200 miles per year ( 10,000 km ) .
And yet , according to the US Department of Energy , a real SUV in the US is driven an average of 13,700 miles annually .
Already , the internet meme is off by a factor of roughly 2.2 .
I have n’t checked whether the 10,000 km figure is reasonable for Australia — but it for the US , their mileage assumptions certainly skews the numbers in favor of SUVs , and against dogs .
And then there ’s the total energy estimates .
The pet- pessimists estimate that an SUV ( in their calculations , a 4.6 liter Toyota Land Cruiser driven about 6,200 miles ) consumes 55.1 gigajoules of energy in both fuel and amortized manufacturing energy every year .
That , too , is low .
A Land Cruiser gets about 15.25 mpg in combined city / highway driving — meaning that if it ’s driven 10,000 km , it consumes about 407 gallons of gas , or 53.6 gigajoules worth of energy .
But once I add in the energy used to produce that gas , along with what ’s likely a low - ball estimate of the “ embodied ” energy from vehicle manufacturing , I get get about 74.9 gigajoules — 44 percent more than the authors estimate .
Yet again , they ’ve low - balled the impacts of the SUV in a way that makes dogs look worse by comparison .
( Here , I ’m drawing from the data collection and calculations I did for our CO2 - by - transportation - mode charts .
And I ’m looking only at energy , not at the additional climate and pollution impacts of emissions from tailpipes and smokestacks . )
So even before you start to look at dogs , the authors have underestimated the environmental impacts of SUVs by a factor of at least 3 .
And that ’s not including the indirect impacts of SUVs — the parking spaces we build for them ; the roads and bridges they drive on ; the impacts of insurance and licensing operations ; etc. , etc. , ad nauseum .
Then there ’s flip side : the authors ’ claims about the impact of feeding pets .
The anti-doggists estimate it takes .84 hectares — or about 2.1 acres of cropland — to meet a a pooch ’s food needs for a year .
There are a little over 70 million dogs in the US ( the Humane Society says 74.8 million , the veterinarians say 72.1 million , and the pet food industry says 66.3 million , for an average of 71.1 dogs ) .
So by the authors ’ estimates it must take about 150 million acres of US farmland to feed our dogs .
In all , there are 440 million acres of cropland in the US — suggesting that the equivalent of one - third of all US cropland is devoted to producing dog food .
We use the equivalent of a third of all US cropland to feed dogs ?
That ’s barking mad !
To see why it ’s wrong , you can look from the bottom up , at the foods that dogs eat .
Or you can look from the top down , at the aggregate sales of dog food vs. the entire agricultural economy .
I ’ll do both .
First from the bottom up : what , exactly , do dogs eat ?
The anti-pet - ites seem do a good job of calculating dogs ’ calorie requirements .
Canines wolf down a lot of food : a mid-sized dog consumes roughly 30 calories per pound of body weight per day .
( Smaller dogs eat as many as 40 calories per pound of body weight , while larger dogs eat as few as 20 calories per pound .
Call it the yapping - to - napping spread . )
I could n’t find the average weight of dogs in the US , but the median dog breed listed here has an adult weight of 47 pounds .
If that ’s representative of US dogs , then the average dog will eat 1,410 calories today , give or take — which , as I read it , is roughly what the authors ’ figures imply .
So the real problem with the authors ’ calculations is n’t with their estimates of how much each pet eats .
It ’s with this statement :
[ A ] medium - sized dog… consume[s ] 90 grams of meat and 156 grams of cereals daily
Strike that : most dogs DO NOT eat meat and cereals .
With a few exceptions , they eat “ meat ” and “ cereals . ”
The “ meat , ” in particular , tends to be byproducts — things that people in the US simply wo n’t eat , even in hot dogs .
Here ’s one description of the ingredients in pet food :
The protein used in pet food comes from a variety of sources .
When cattle , swine , chickens , lambs , or other animals are slaughtered , the choice cuts such as lean muscle tissue are trimmed away from the carcass for human consumption .
However , about 50 % of every food - producing animal does not get used in human foods .
Whatever remains of the carcass — bones , blood , intestines , lungs , ligaments , and almost all the other parts not generally consumed by humans — is used in pet food , animal feed , and other products .
These “ other parts ” are known as “ by - products , ” “ meat - and - bone - meal , ” or similar names on pet food labels .
Even the cereals dogs eat are often deemed unfit for human cons
umption .
I ’m not trying to gross you out here , or encourage you to feed choice cuts to your pooch .
Instead , I think it ’s probably a good thing that dogs eat things that humans wo n’t — since otherwise they really would be eating people food , which really would increase their environmental impact .
But since most dogs get their calories and protein from the waste products of people food , the idea that the environmental impact of dog food is additional to the impact of human food is simply wrong .
Of course , that ’s not to say that dog food has no environmental impact .
Dog food , and meat byproducts generally , provide some financial contribution to the meat industry , and hence to the overall planetary impact of meat production .
Dog food also also requires energy for processing , packaging , and transportation .
Yet when you look at pet food from a macro- economic perspective — that is , from the top down , rather than the bottom up — dog food is little more than a rounding error .
Total retail food sales in the US topped $ 1.1 trillion in the US in 2008 ( see table 36 from the USDA ’s Agricultural Outlook statistics . )
But according to the pet food industry , retail dog food sales totaled just $ 11 billion in 2008 .
By that measure , dog food represents about one percent of the total food economy .
Looking more narrowly at the economics of meat byproducts , I found these USDA estimates of meat “ price spreads ” , which show that meat byproducts are worth somewhere between 4 and 15 percent of the total value of livestock , depending on the year and the kind of animal .
And obviously , dog food is only one of many uses of those byproducts — there ’s also food for other pets , and a variety of industrial uses as well .
So based on the economics , there ’s just no way to attribute much of the impact of agriculture on our dogs .
In short , whether you go by the macro-economics , or by the actual constituent parts of dog food , there ’s simply no principled way to say that the dog food has the same impact as human food .
I ’d be very surprised if ANY principled life - cycle assessment found that dog food has more than a small fraction of the overall environmental impact of US agriculture .
My guess is that dog food accounts for a maximum of 5 percent of all US crop production , and possibly as little as 1 percent .
That ’s a far cry from the one - third that the authors imply .
Of course , dogs have indirect environmental impacts , just as SUVs do : veterinarians , energy for heating and cooling , the food calories that humans use while walking their dogs , etc .
I wo n’t even try to tally them up , because there ’s no real point .
Just looking at the numbers so far — combining the underestimates of SUV impacts with the overestimates of dog food impacts — the anti-doggites are off by a factor of at least 18 , and probably more .
But because I ’m doggedly persistent , I ’ll mention one final issue .
The authors of the original meme estimate that :
One hectare of land can produce approximately 135 gigajoules of energy per year
I have n’t looked at the original book , so I have no real idea what this means .
A well - located solar power installation can produce roughly 10 times that much energy per acre per year .
Perhaps it ’s got something to do with biofuels — maybe the net annual production of corn ethanol per hectare , after accounting for the energy for fertilizer , tractor fuel , and distilling .
Yet having run the numbers before , I ’ve concluded that there ’s absolutely no way run the US SUV fleet — roughly the size of our dog population — on corn ethanol alone .
There ’s just not enough cropland in the country to do it .
But obviously , we power our fleet of dogs ( and cats and people and horses , etc.–and even some cars ) fairly easily with the cropland we ’ve got .
Let ’s be clear —
I ’m not claiming that we should ignore the environmental impact of dogs .
That ’s one of reasons that I , personally , am reluctant to own one !
But I think that making an empirical claim without doing solid research does a grave disservice to public discourse .
Being wrong can have consequences — including , potentially , encouraging people to make the wrong choices , even if their heart is in exactly the right place .
So I say to the folks who made the original claim : Bad Researchers !
Fur Shame !!!
And to the rest of you : let ’s consider the “ dogs are worse than SUVs ” meme debunked : buried in the back yard , put to sleep , and whatever other bad dog pun comes to mind .
Image courtesy of Flickr user Mil , distributed under a Creative Commons license .
http://www.flickr.com/photos/danw/
/ CC BY-NC 2.0
This post originally appeared at Sightline ’s Daily Score blog .
As if we need to write this down for you :
The Victoria ’s Secret fashion show airs tonight on CBS .
And though the models make it look fun and flirty and sexy and easy , it is grueling work that even the most professional of models have difficulty with .
Each girl spends three to five hours in hair and makeup before the show .
Each girl gets five hair and makeup people to ready her for her great walk .
At least an hour , probably longer , is spent on body makeup .
Selita Ebanks says it ’s “ all about creating the illusion of this amazing body on the runway ” :
“ People do n’t realize that there are about 20 layers of makeup on my butt alone . ”
Which in itself presents another logistical challenge , because what if a girl then has to put on tights or leggings over that makeup ?
How do they avoid getting it on the outside of the garment during their quick changes and winding up looking like victims of unfortunate accidents ?
And what if they forget it ’s there and sit down for their seventeenth interview with Access Hollywood ?
But apparently that is the least of their problems .
The greatest challenge for a Victoria ’s Secret model is multitasking : walking while wearing clothes :
Ebanks ’ first look on the 140 - foot - long runway is a gold lightning bolt strapped lengthwise across her middle .
Think supersized Christmas tinsel weighing 30 pounds , and with dangerously sharp points .
“ They added a 15 - pound sandbag to my hip so the points would n’t scrape my thighs when I walked , and there was a metal rod in it , ” says Ebanks .
“ When I first came out and cut that corner , my whole body tilted to the side and I thought , ‘ Oh my God , if I fall in this thing , forget my ego , my body is going to be jacked up . ’ ”
Collectively , the 35 models in the show wear 100 pounds of body glitter , which works out to 2.86 pounds of body glitter per girl .
So they already carry plenty of extra weight before their fifteen - pound sandbags go on .
At least now we know why they pant so much .
Victoria ’s Secret Angels strut runway in $ 3 million bras , 100 pounds of glitter [ NYDN ]
Related : What Do Models Talk About Backstage at the Victoria ’s Secret Fashion Show ?
Food , Mostly .
Video : Backstage at the Victoria ’s Secret Show
Moscow , Russia ( CNN ) -- Russia needs to develop " offensive strike systems " to preserve strategic balance with the United States , without producing its own missile defense , Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said Tuesday .
Putin 's comment , made at a press briefing in the far eastern Russian city of Vladivostok , echoed a similar call from Russian President Dmitry Medvedev last week .
" If we want to retain the balance , we have to establish an exchange of information : Let the U.S. partners provide us information on [ their ] missile defense while we will give them information on [ our ] offensive weapons , " Putin said .
Putin also spoke positively about ongoing negotiations between the two countries on a new nuclear arms control agreement that would replace the U.S. - Russian START treaty , which expired December 5 .
The United States and Russia plan to complete it and sign it at the beginning of 2010 , Russian and American leaders have said .
As envisioned , the new treaty would significantly reduce nuclear arms on both sides .
" I think that we need certain rules on weapons limitation which could be equally understood , easily verifiable and transparent , " Putin said .
" The existence of those rules is better than their absence . "
He repeated that offensive and defensive arms should be linked , because they are closely related .
" It was the balance of forces -- including missile defense , air defense and offensive weapons systems -- that preserved peace even during the Cold War , " Putin said .
" Since we are not developing [ our own ] missile defense , there is a threat that our [ U.S. ] partners would feel totally secure having created an umbrella against our offensive systems , " he added .
" Then our partners might do whatever they want ; the aggressiveness in real politics and economics would increase because of the broken balance . "
Last week , in Medvedev 's year - end live interview with three Russian TV channels , he reiterated that Russia will continue to develop strategic offensive missiles after the signing of the new START treaty .
" This is normal , " Medvedev said .
" The whole world is doing this .
Of course , this work needs to take place within the framework of conventions and agreements , including our future agreements with the Americans .
But this process will continue and our nuclear shield will always be effective and sufficient for protecting our national interest . "
Medvedev added , " That does n't mean that we can not talk about a nuclear - free world .
It 's a beautiful and right goal .
But we should approach it gradually .
...
Not only Russians and Americans , but also other countries who are looking forward to joining the ' nuclear club , ' thus causing many problems , should take part in it . "
“ Looking at these things teaches us something about what we believe and what is concrete , ” said the academic .
“ Angels are very powerful religious icons for people with faith .
Their similarity to humans adds to their power .
At the same time , they have wings on them because they are more than human .
They take messages to heaven and therefore have to fly .
This is only the second time such a complaint by Google has been rejected A Canadian company behind a search engine called Groovle.com has won a case filed against it by online search giant Google .
Google said the domain name used by the small business , 207 Media , was too similar to its own , but mediators the National Arbitration Forum disagreed .
In the complaint , Google asked for the judges to rule that 207 Media transfer the domain name over to it .
But three judges appointed by the forum refused the request .
They said the name was not similar enough to confuse people and the word ' groovle ' was more closely linked to " groovy " or " groove " rather than Google .
Legitimate interest
The judges also refused to examine other claims made by Google , including that the Canadian business had no " legitimate " interest in the domain name and had registered it in " bad faith " .
The entrepreneurs behind Groovle.com said they had used the site for more than two - and - a - half years without any complaints by Google .
The site is powered by Google but describes itself as a way for users to create a customised internet homepage .
People can upload personal images onto the site and then go on to search the web from that page .
The National Arbitration Forum is an agency , approved by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers , to sort out domain name disputes .
It is only the second time out of 65 that a complaint made by Google against companies about domain names has been rejected .
In 2004 , Richard Wolfe , the owner of froogles.com managed to persuade an arbitration panel his site could not be confused with Google.com .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The 23,000 student UNC Charlotte university has recently announced they plan to field a brand - new Division 1 AA team by 2013 , with hopes of going 1A within 5 – 10 years .
The decision comes after years of student initiatives , chancellor decisions , trustees debating , and Charlotte city planing involvement .
Charlotte will meet title IX requirements , adding multiple women ’s sports and new facilities to match .
A new on - campus football bowl stadium is projected to seat 30,000 , and will require taking on a low - interest $ 40.5 million debt .
Student Fee ’s are also planned to rise $ 320 over a number of years , unless corporate support is higher than expected .
Charlotte believes that adding football will increase student life on campus , ridding them of a “ suitcase - college ” image in the midst of a growth to North Carolina ’s largest university of 35,000 students by 2017 .
The Football decision does n’t come without controversey – being so costly in the midst of a deep recession .
The facts show , that for most universities , football programs lose money unless they are predominately successful .
The debate even sparked millionaire & former University of North Carolina System President Dick Spangler to lecture Charlotte faculty on why football is a bad idea .
Although , his critisim that “ Charlotte is n’t large enough or does n’t deserve football like premier schools such as UNC and NC State ” were found largely unfavorable towards Charlotte students & faculty .
Indeed , one who questions if UNC Charlotte should have football should be questioning if their own college should have it as well .
Even the 6,500 student UNC - Pembroke has football .
UNC Charlotte administration argues that without football , students looking for the “ full college experience ” skip over the university – hurting the quality of the students applying & being accepted .
However , I ca n’t help but realize the potential of a successful college football program in Charlotte .
North Carolina , a state that ’s always dominated college basketball yet struggled in college football , has a huge position open for a successful team for fans to get behind .
Charlotte ’s built - in football culture with the NFL’s Panthers could help player / coach recruiting , as well as ticket sales .
Charlotte Athletic Director Judy Rose has been working closely with University of South Florida ’s ( USF ) athletic director & department – hoping to model Charlotte ’s football program after the success of USF ’s program – starting 1AA in 1997 and going to Big East 1A in just 8 years .
Squatters
Five Reasons for Optimism
As awful as the times may seem , they also contain seeds of hope .
It was a miserable decade .
From Baghdad to New Orleans and from the Patriot Act to TARP , the last 10 years sometimes felt like nothing more than a series of colossal government screwups alternating with colossal extensions of government power .
At the end of 2009 , we 're faced with an escalating war in Afghanistan , a growing corporate state at home , and a renewed push for protectionism around the world .
There has been little to cheer in the age of Bush and Obama , especially for those of us who think Washington should be shrinking rather than swelling .
Or so it might initially seem .
But there have been countervailing currents as well , broad trends that began before the dawn of the decade and have continued , even accelerated , in the time since then .
They have n't undone the awfulness oozing from the District of Columbia , and some of them may yet be reversed .
But taken together they offer a more balanced image of the world , one with better prospects for peace , prosperity , and freedom than you 'd expect if your only source of news was the Congressional Record .
1. A surge in nonviolence .
In his 2005 book Unarmed Insurrections , Rutgers sociologist Kurt Schock made a strong case that the last 30 years have seen a substantial shift away from violent " people 's war " and toward nonviolent people power .
From 1979 to 2001 , Schock notes , there were 31 predominantly peaceful rebellions in the Second and Third Worlds , 23 of which concluded with oppressive governments falling .
His list ends with the EDSA II revolt in the Philippines , but the trend has not abated in the following decade : Since 2001 , nonviolent civil resistance has brought down regimes in Argentina , East Timor , Bolivia , Georgia , Ukraine , Lebanon , Ecuador , Nepal , and the Maldives , while efforts to replicate those successes are active everywhere from Burma to Zimbabwe .
There are still guerrillas out there , from FARC in Colombia to the Maoists in Nepal , but the general trend is toward Gandhi , not Guevara .
One difference between people 's war and people power is that the latter is more likely to lead to a relatively free society .
Nonviolent resistance relies not just on mass disobedience but on mutual support ; rather than disrupting civil society , it depends on the strong social ties that are the building blocks of self - government .
But even when a revolt 's political payoff is n't especially admirable — as with , say , the Rose Revolution in Georgia , which replaced one obnoxious leader with another — the very fact that the transition was accomplished by peaceful protest rather than violence is something to celebrate .
That reflects not just a surge in civil resistance but a rise in another kind of nonviolence .
In his 2004 book The Remnants of War , the Ohio State political scientist John Mueller notes that traditional state - on - state warfare is far rarer today than at any other point in modern history .
Civil wars persist , but even they are not as common as they were two decades ago .
Mueller may exaggerate when he writes that warfare " is moving toward obsolescence , rather in the manner of slavery and dueling before it . "
But he has spotted a real and laudable change .
For the United States the aughts may have been a decade of war , with American soldiers bogged down in bloody conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan .
On a global scale , though , we 're seeing a strong if unsteady march toward peace .
2 . The media revolution .
In 1969 , American TV was centralized in three television networks and a rudimentary public broadcasting system .
In most other western countries , TV and even radio were controlled by the state , with varying degrees of independence and with little or no private competition .
In the Soviet bloc , government broadcasters had no independence or competition at all .
Cable TV existed only on the edges of the western systems , and the network we now know as the Internet was an obscure Pentagon project .
Over the following four decades , two things happened .
One was the immense growth in one - to - many and many - to - many communications tools , most notably the Net .
The other was a steady decline in the cost and difficulty of the tools of cultural production .
In 2009 it is easier than ever before to shoot a movie in your neighborhood , edit it in your bedroom , and distribute it to anyone with access to the World Wide Web .
It 's even simpler to create a homebrewed webzine , game , or radio show .
And none of these activities need be solo pursuits : Creative and critical communities have grown up around all this backyard entertainment and journalism .
We 've already passed the point where DIY art is at least as interesting as the products of the big entertainment combines .
( Which would you rather watch , a Hollywood remake or a YouTube remix ? )
Now those grassroots media are having a political impact as well , not just as a tool of conventional political campaigns but as an element of the civil resistance mentioned above .
This connection goes back at least as far as the fax networks that helped fuel the revolt against communism two decades ago ; today it stretches from Tehran tweeters to the human rights videos shot by grassroots activists and posted on sites such as The Hub .
And then there are oddball movements like 4 chan 's chaotic crusade against Scientology , which might seem silly in itself but offers a compelling example of decentralized , leaderless organization — and of the ways ephemeral online fandom can evolve into something politically engaged .
3 . The rise of voluntary governance .
As of 2007 , for the first time in human history , more people live in cities than in the countryside .
Tens of millions more men and women move to urban centers every year ; some come voluntarily , in search of opportunity , and some come involuntarily , because someone has seized their land .
All of them construct new communities in those dense urban zones , often without bothering to ask permission from the authorities .
In the words of Whole Earth Catalog creator Stewart Brand , the migrants " create their own opportunity once they 're in town by creating their own cities , " with " a seething informal economy in which everyone works . "
These vast illicit neighborhoods are a social revolution in themselves : parallel cities governed from the ground up by a thicket of voluntary associations .
El Alto in Bolivia , for example , was once little more than a collection of unofficial settlements .
It now has a formal municipal government , but the real centers of power are independent , self - sustaining local groups : neighborhood councils , labor federations , parents ' committees , and the syndicates that own and organize the public markets .
Such communities are the low - end counterparts of the private neighborhoods that have taken over so much of the work of local governments in the United States .
But the squatter towns are messier and jerry - rigged , improvised rather than master - planned ; they are more decentralized , more democratic , more dangerous .
Built as they were on unused , usually government - owned land , they frequently face the threat of being bulldozed .
When they are allowed to stand and to thrive , they grow wealthier , eventually evolving into middle - class neighborhoods .
That process in itself is nothing new .
What 's different is the scale .
A billion people live in these informal zones now ; and as the planet continues to urbanize , the shadow cities only grow larger .
They are filled with poverty , and thus with serious social problems , but thanks to the autonomy enjoyed by the people who build and dwell in them they tend to be more livable than the officially sanctioned slums .
They are , in a way , another people power revolution .
In the squatter sectors , erecting a house is itself an act of civil disobedience .
Yet those builders have created not just homes and enterprises but a flourishing civil society , one that can resist the state when it attempts to crack down .
There 's another sort of self - rule worth mentioning as well , one linked closely to the media revolution .
Immigrants in the United States today do not merely stay in touch with the village back home .
Many continue to take part in its political life , using communications technologies to forge a voluntary , deterritorialized system of governance .
The leftist writer Mike Davis calls these communities " virtual villages , " citing as an example the Mexican town of Ticuani , " now equally split between Puebla and Brooklyn . "
4 . An explosion of entrepreneurship and wealth .
In those squatter cities you 'll find a rich ecology of tiny businesses , from street vendors to jitneys to schools .
Some of these are the same informal enterprises that have always flourished in the underground economy , but others might represent the next step of the DIY revolution that has already swept the media .
The shanzhai of China , for example , may have begun as mere pirates manufacturing knockoffs of brand - name gear , but they 've branched out into original designs .
Shanzhai phones , writes the hacker / blogger Bunnie Huang , " integrate wacky features like 7.1 stereo sound , dual SIM cards , a functional cigarette holder , a high - zoom lens , or a built - in UV LED for counterfeit money detection .
Their ability to not just copy , but to innovate and riff off of designs is very significant .
They are doing to hardware what the web did for rip / mix / burn or mashup compilations . "
This does n't just mean funky add - ons for niche markets .
The shanzhai " could not only make an iPhone clone , they could improve it by giving the clone a user - replaceable battery . "
Such entrepreneurship is one reason for the enormous growth of the world 's middle class .
( The other catalysts include the decline in warfare and the rise of the cities . )
The comfort enjoyed by the western bourgeoisie still seems absurdly wealthy to most Third Worlders , though more of them have attained such a standard of living in recent years than ever before ;
The Economist estimates that about a tenth of the developing world now lives at that level .
But " those who are middle - class by the standards of the developing world , " the writer adds , are now " a majority of the developing world 's population . "
Citing the New Delhi–based economist Surjit Bhalla , the magazine also reports that " the middle class 's share of the whole world 's population rose from one - third to over half ( 57 % ) between 1990 and 2006 , " with most of that growth taking place in poorer countries .
5 . The breakdown of hegemony .
Of the five trends described here , this one emerged most recently .
A decade ago , it was possible to describe the United States as the sole superpower in a unipolar world .
Neither Europe nor China could match America 's economic or military might , and the rest of the world hardly seemed interested in trying .
There were a few relatively autonomous spots aggravating Washington — tax havens on the high end of the social pyramid , " failed states " on the low end — but it was easy to assume that power would continue to be concentrated on the Potomac .
Today the U.S. has graphically demonstrated the limits of its military power , and it seems intent on demonstrating the limits of its financial power as well .
China looms larger than ever before .
Moscow has distanced itself from Washington , Latin America has taken a sharp turn to the left , and India and Brazil are establishing themselves as emerging powers .
Some nations are attempting to forge their own trade agreements rather than take D.C. 's lead .
And to judge from the chaos at the Copenhagen climate summit , the multilateral model beloved by European social democrats is n't in much better shape than the unilateral globalism supported by American neoconservatives .
Obviously , not all of those developments are welcome in themselves .
There 's not much to like about , say , the rise of Putinism in Russia .
But taken together those changes represent something positive : a world where no single agenda inevitably takes precedence over all the others .
Europe and America 's maximalist ideas about intellectual property now have to contend with the more moderate views of India and Brazil , not to mention China 's lackadaisical approach to the subject .
The global south is pushing against the north 's agricultural protectionism , and newly industrializing nations are not as eager as their wealthier cousins to adopt skewed schemes such as cap and trade .
The emerging powers do n't always have better ideas than Washington .
But they have different ideas , and different interests ; and this competition opens a space for experimentation and change .
Put those five currents together , and the prospects for prosperity and freedom start to look less grim .
Nothing is inevitable , of course , and we face no shortage of reasons for pessimism .
But if our grandchildren grow up in a world that is freer , wealthier , and more peaceful than ours , that wo n't be a repudiation of all the values embedded in the decade now ending .
It will be a triumph for the trends that grew in the interstices while your attention was focused on the men who thought they were in charge .
Jesse Walker is managing editor of Reason magazine .
Another kind of evolution ( Image : Richard Borge )
JUST suppose that Darwin ’s ideas were only a part of the story of evolution .
Suppose that a process he never wrote about , and never even imagined , has been controlling the evolution of life throughout most of the Earth ’s history .
It may sound preposterous , but this is exactly what microbiologist Carl Woese and physicist Nigel Goldenfeld , both at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign , believe .
Darwin ’s explanation of evolution , they argue , even in its sophisticated modern form , applies only to a recent phase of life on Earth .
At the root of this idea is overwhelming recent evidence for horizontal gene transfer – in which organisms acquire genetic material “ horizontally ” from other organisms around them , rather than vertically from their parents or ancestors .
The donor organisms may not even be the same species .
This mechanism is already known to play a huge role in the evolution of microbial genomes , but its consequences have hardly been explored .
According to Woese and Goldenfeld , they are profound , and horizontal gene transfer alters the evolutionary process itself .
Since micro-organisms represented most of life on Earth for most of the time that life has existed – billions of years , in fact – the most ancient and prevalent form of evolution probably was n’t Darwinian at all , Woese and Goldenfeld say .
Strong claims , but others are taking them seriously .
“ Their arguments make sense and their conclusion is very important , ” says biologist Jan Sapp of York University in Toronto , Canada .
“ The process of evolution just is n’t what most evolutionary biologists think it is . ”
Vertical hegemony
How could modern biology have gone so badly off track ?
According …
Boy 2009 passed quite quickly , but it did n’t go without a blast , that ’s for sure !
I ’m gonna show you some really amazing stuff that happened during 2009 , most of which you probably have no idea of , and this is the first one from that series .
4th place ( honorable mention ) : Mayon , Philippines
It may have happened just a week ago , but it was spectacular nonetheless .
Mayon has been keeping everybody on their toes , despite not technically erupting : 50.000 people have been evacuated because of lava fountains flowing freely downhill , and geologists reported they expect a major boom during 2010 .
The sights it created may be absolutely stunning , but trust me , Mayon is not the place you want to be the following year .
ADVERTISEMENT
3rd place : Redoubt , Alaska
Since the beginning of the year , Redoubt had us wondering ; it seemed certain it will make a boom , and the only question was how big it will be .
Well , it was n’t that big really , but any volcanic eruption ( especially in the US ) is definitively an event .
It was also what you can call the first “ digital ” eruption , with updates being constantly posted on twitter , among other channels .
2nd place : Underwater eruptions , Tonga
ADVERTISEMENT
The underwater eruptions were absolutely amazing , and good thing is no people were threatened by them .
1st place : Sarychev peak , Russia
Yep , it ’s old Mother Russia that gets this award , though I ’m not sure it ’s one you ’d be happy to receive .
It was big enough to be seen from the ISS , and they took some stunning pictures .
The eruption absolutely stunned all flights above the Pacific over the Kuril islands for weeks and despite taking place practically in the middle of nowhere , everybody ( well , that ’s an exaggeration really ) got a good look at it .
In 1890 , following the publication of Oscar Wilde ‘s novel , The Picture of Dorian Gray , an intrigued young fan named Bernulf Clegg wrote to the author and asked him to explain a now - famous line included in its preface : “ All art is quite useless . ”
To Clegg ’s surprise , Wilde responded with the handwritten letter seen below .
Transcript follows .
( Source : The Morgan ; Image : Oscar Wilde , via . )
Transcript
16 , TITE STREET ,
CHELSEA . S.W .
My dear Sir
Art is useless because its aim is simply to create a mood .
It is not meant to instruct , or to influence action in any way .
It is superbly sterile , and the note of its pleasure is sterility .
If the contemplation of a work of art is followed by activity of any kind , the work is either of a very second - rate order , or the spectator has failed to realise the complete artistic impression .
A work of art is useless as a flower is useless .
A flower blossoms for its own joy .
We gain a moment of joy by looking at it .
That is all that is to be said about our relations to flowers .
Of course man may sell the flower , and so make it useful to him , but this has nothing to do with the flower .
It is not part of its essence .
It is accidental .
It is a misuse .
All this is I fear very obscure .
But the subject is a long one .
Truly yours , Oscar Wilde
An Australian held in a Danish prison for three weeks for organising a protest during the Copenhagen climate change conference has been released .
Natasha Verco was arrested on December 15 , a day before the biggest protest march during the United Nations talks in Copenhagen .
The chief prosecutor for the Copenhagen police , Dorit Borgaard , says Verco was released overnight along with American citizen Noah Weiss .
Their case has been adjourned until March 16 when they will face charges of attempted assault of a police officer and planning to disturb public order .
If convicted , they face up to six months in jail .
Verco insists she organised a peaceful event during the conference and denies accusations that she assaulted a police officer and planned to disturb public order .
" I participated in organising people to speak about climate change with youth delegates for the UN , " she said .
" They say I organised riots and when we said that riots did n't happen , they said , ' No , you were charged with organising riots that were stopped by the good work of the police ' .
" So they 're charging me with organising things that never happened .
" I think it 's a huge departure from what I understand to be any form of legal process , a huge departure from any form of justice . "
Verco says she was not doing anything illegal .
" I was n't at a protest .
I was n't on my way to a protest .
I was riding along the side of the road .
" When I asked them what was going on ( and ) were they just picking up anybody who was wearing black clothes - I had a black jacket on and some black pants - they said , ' no we 've been hunting you ' . "
Verco says she was scared because the police did not say why she was being arrested .
" I asked them what they were picking me up for and they said , 'we do n't need to tell you anything ' .
" I kept enquiring because I was quite scared at this point , and they pushed me down onto the floor of the van , they folded my legs up and they sat on my legs and they put their feet on my back . "
Verco says officials closed the court for her arraignment and that the evidence presented was " ridiculous " .
" They had recordings of conversations of mine on my telephone for the last three months and they had evidence from somebody else 's case about a protest they were involved in , " she said .
" On the basis of both of those things they said they had sufficient grounds to hold me , but the conversations that they recorded , in one of them I was trying to help organise accommodation for some Italians .
" In another one I was talking about trying to get funding for people to come .
In another one I was organising a meeting .
" I really am gobsmacked .
I can't really understand how they managed to lock me up for three - and - a - half weeks on that basis . "
This is a photo taken during data collection in Africa .
Credit : Sarah Tishkoff and the University of Pennsylvania
People who identify as African - American may be as little as 1 percent West African or as much as 99 percent , just one finding of a large - scale , genome - wide study of African and African - American ancestry released today .
An international research team led by scientists from the University of Pennsylvania and Cornell University has collected and analyzed genotype data from 365 African - Americans , 203 people from 12 West African populations and 400 Europeans from 42 countries to provide a genome - wide perspective of African and African - American ancestry .
The data reveal genomic diversity among African and African - American populations far more complex than originally thought and reflect deep historical , cultural and linguistic impacts on gene flow among populations .
The data also point to the ability of geneticists to reliably discern ancestry using such data .
Scientists found , for example , that they could distinguish African and European ancestry at each region of the genome of self - identified - African Americans .
Sarah Tishkoff , a geneticist at Penn , and Carlos Bustamante , a computational biologist at Cornell , led the study to analyze 300,000 genetic markers from across the genome from West African , African - American and European - American populations to see whether they could reliably distinguish ancestry .
The team found that , while some West African populations are nearly indistinguishable , there are clear and discernible genetic differences among some groups , divided along linguistic and geographic lines .
This newly acquired genetic data revealed a number of important advances , including :
The rich mosaic of African - American ancestry .
Among the 365 African - Americans in the study , individuals had as little as 1 percent West African ancestry and as much as 99 percent .
There are significant implications for pharmacogenomic studies and assessment of disease risk .
It appears that the range of genetic ancestry captured under the term African - American is extremely diverse , suggesting that caution should be used in prescribing treatment based on differential guidelines for African - Americans .
A median proportion of European ancestry in African - Americans of 18.5 percent , with large variation among individuals .
The predominately African origin of X chromosomes of African - Americans .
This is consistent with the pattern of gene flow where mothers were mostly of African ancestry while fathers were either of African or European ancestry .
A technique which can reliably distinguish African and European ancestry for any particular region of the genome in African - Americans .
This could have implications for personalized ancestry reconstructions , personalized medicine and more effective drug treatments and could aid in developing more effective methods for mapping genetic risk factors for diseases common in African - Americans , such as hypertension , diabetes and prostate cancer .
The similarity of the West African component of African - American ancestry to the profile from non-Bantu Niger - Kordofanian speaking populations , which include the Igbo and Yoruba from Nigeria and the Brong from Ghana
A comparison of the West African segments of African - American genomes .
This is wholly in line with historical documents showing that the Igbo and Yoruba are two of the 10 most frequent ethnicities in slave trade records ; however , most African - Americans also have ancestry from Bantu - speaking populations in western Africa .
Population structure within the West African samples reflecting primarily language and secondarily geographical distance , echoing the Bantu expansion from a homeland in West Africa across much of sub-Saharan Africa around 4,000 years ago .
" Africa , which is the homeland of all modern humans , contains more than 2,000 ethnolinguistic groups and harbors great genetic and phenotypic diversity ; however , little is known about fine - scale population structure at a genome - wide level , " said Tishkoff , professor in the departments of genetics and biology at Penn .
" We were able to distinguish among closely related West African populations and showed that genetically inferred ancestry correlates strongly with geography and language , reflecting historic migration events in Africa .
" We were also able to show that there is little genetic differentiation among African - Americans in the African portion of their ancestry , reflecting the fact that most African - Americans have ancestry from several regions of western Africa .
The greatest variation among African - Americans is in their proportion of European ancestry , which has important implications for the design of personalized medical treatments . "
The study focused primarily on the genetic structure of West African populations , as previous genetic and historical studies suggested that the region was the source for most of the ancestry of present - day African - Americans .
The results suggest that there are clear and discernible genetic differences among some of the West African populations , whereas others appear to be nearly indistinguishable , even when comparing more than 300,000 genetic markers .
The researchers note that a larger sample size would likely reveal further substructure and diversity between these populations .
Analyzing patterns of population structure and individual ancestry in Africans and African - Americans illuminates the history of human populations and is critical for undertaking medical genomic studies on a global scale .
Understanding ancestry not only provides insight into historical migration patterns , human origins and greater understanding of evolutionary forces , but also allows researchers to examine disease susceptibility and pharmacogenic response , and to develop personalized drugs and treatments , a frontier in public health .
There is also strong reason to believe that high - density genotype data from African and African - American populations may pinpoint more precisely the geographic origin of African ancestry in African - Americans , the researchers said .
The study appears online in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Explore further Genetic ancestry of African - Americans reveals new insights about gene expression
+ 40
Text description provided by the architects .
The project consists of an office tower with a commercial complex in the base , located at the intersection of Apoquindo Av , main axis of Santiago , and Americo Vespucio Av , the capital ’s circular beltway .
This place is poorly laid out despite its urban importance as a cloverleaf intersection surrounded by several buildings of varying height and quality , many of which were shaped by a disastrous old regulation of gradients nicknamed “ the shoe shine box " .
The site has immediate access to Escuela Militar Metro Station , which has the highest daily traffic flow in the entire subway network .
It has an approximate area of 4,000 sqm resulting from the merging five lots purchased by the architects .
The largest part of the layout is roughly square shaped .
The site is opened on three fronts : to Apoquindo Av to the north , to Cruz del Sur St to the west and Felix de Amesti St to the east .
Given its location , the tower is facing Apoquindo Av. axis coming east from a mile away , as visual culmination for an emerging sub-center whose business park is developing rapidly throughout the avenue .
The applicable regulations allowed to raise towers up to 21 floors , with a buildable area of 18,738 m2 ( cornering was necessary , considering the impact of land value in market selling price ) , with square shaped plants averaging approximately 1,000 m2 each , and a vertical circulation core containing a battery of eight elevators plus two enclosed double stairwells and services , occupying an area of approximately 15 x 15 mts .
In addition , regulations required a two storey commercial complex , with a continuous facade on the property ’s perimeter facing the three streets , whose allowed floor area was approximately 4,000 sqm - if we do n’t count the tower ’s entry points and parking lots .
Finally , it was also required to provide 600 parking lots , whose total surface area was 18,000 m2 , which divided by the available land area , resulted in five underground floors .
Thus , the volume of the building is quite constrained by the application of the regulations .
Given the high pedestrian density and scarcity of public space in the sector , the project 's first decision was to clear the ground level as much as possible , freeing up the site ’s inner surface as an extension of the public space .
This was made possible by hiding underground a major part of the program ’s commercial area and withdrawing the rest of the complex ’s structure to the borders at the back of the property , so as to allow an interior corner square .
Furthermore , it was deemed possible to structure the tower in such a way that only the shaft of the vertical elevator system rests on the ground , considering the ratio between height and base of the maximum allowable building volume and the fact that it is placed in the center of square floor plans , hence avoiding torque reactions of the structure under seismic stress .
Initial structural analysis confirmed the possibility of having the shaft itself to resist both baseline shear stress and torsional moment of the estimated volume ’s mass .
Moreover , matching tower - underground structural module was unnecessary by having only basic vertical circulations inside the underground shaft .
This way , an optimum result of 27m2 per lot was achieved on these parking floors .
We had already emphasized in prior office tower projects that the essence of this architectural type lays on the vertical overlapping of several reproductions of the ground surface , just like land plots linked by a vertical street - a fact that indeed poses a structural challenge .
This certainty is radically exposed by concentrating vertical circulations , services and the tower ’s supporting structure into one single central core .
Therefore , floor plan surface starts to increment above 4th floor in order to offset the reduction of the volume ’s base surface and to corner the total allowable built area .
This allows us to : - Reduce shaded areas produced by the suspended tower over its base , thus improving the ratio of covered outdoor space .
Reduce the angle of diagonal bracing attached to the perimeter structure supporting several overlapped slabs .
Increase the sellable area in the upper floors , whose price is higher .
And to define the outline of a memorable landmark facing the axis of Apoquindo Av .
On the other hand , it also allowed open floor plans by reducing the slabs ’ supporting elements to one single shaft plus a set of perimeter columns .
Continuous floor to ceiling windows are shaded by columns and a full perimeter eave , standing upright with a set back distance of 90 cms.
from the outer edge of the slabs and pillars , thus expressing the supporting structure through the volume exterior .
Glazing setback plus screen printing and differentiated reflectivity according to lighting and thermal requirements for each different area of the facades together resulted in a reduction in energy consumption of up to 25 % in comparison to nearby buildings of the same category .
Building costs turned out to be inferior to initial estimates related to towers of similar characteristics .
This is very important because we believe that a design with economic results demonstrates wit while purifying the rethorics of architecture ; after all , the efficient use of available resources is an infallible condition for achieving beauty .
Seeing the towers from below , the closer we get to the elevated volume , the more clear and evident is the triumph of supporting structure over gravity ; afterwards , our visual range is unable to grasp totality , shifting scale and perception into a sense of danger , like vertigo .
Both the trapezoid shape of the facades and the distorted grid of overhanging columns supporting the edges of the slab perimeter aim to heighten stillness and immobility as part of the essence of architecture :
The perception of the facing surface and its subsequent mental assimilation induces an equivocal adjustment due to its distorted orthogonal grid , varying according to the shifting reference of the subject in approaching the building .
This project sought to integrate the consideration of mass , gravity and weight with the perspective condition of perceived space , both decisive aspects in the experience of architecture .
The name David Jacobs might not initially ring many bells .
He ’s the convicted steroids dealer from Plano , Texas , who was sharing information with the NFL regarding steroids users until he committed suicide .
By shooting himself .
Twice .
The Dallas Morning News reports that , before Jacobs died , he told the News that he was Mike Vick ’s steroids supplier during Vick ’s tenure with the Falcons .
Jacobs ’ death occurred while Vick was serving time in Kansas for dogfighting and gambling .
The News squatted on this information because authorities declined to confirm that Vick was part of the investigation .
But the News has now opted to publish the allegation based on recently - released documents from the DEA connecting Vick to steroids .
The evidence comes from the Falcons ’ 2006 Christmas party .
Per the News , details that were supplied by an informant to the DEA “ are similar ” to the things Jacobs told the News before he died .
The league at one point expressed an intention to suspend linebacker Ryan Fowler for four games based on information provided by Jacobs before his death .
Fowler appealed , and the case has since been dormant .
The News reports that Fowler ’s attorney has heard nothing , and that he assumes the matter is closed .
This likely means that the NFL will be taking no action against any of the players whom Jacobs fingered , probably because it would be difficult if not impossible to make the charges stick on appeal without testimony from Jacobs .
So it ’s a shame he shot himself .
Twice .
We 're told NBC has already given Conan 's lawyers a draft of the agreement and his hired guns were going over it Friday night .
The deal should be finalized Saturday .
Once the deal gets inked , NBC will announce Conan is leaving the network .
The network will also announce what we first reported -- that Jay Leno will get the full hour from 11:35 PM to 12:35 AM and it will be called " The Tonight Show " -- just like old times .
Goldman Sachs has throttled back its bonus pool in the face of political pressure , setting aside a record low of 36 percent of company revenues for compensation .
Employees will receive an average of $ 498,000 for 2009 , well above the $ 317,000 they received in 2008 during the depths of the financial crisis , but the total compensation pool of $ 16.2 billion is well below the record $ 20.2 billion from 2007 .
The move is the latest in a series of steps that Goldman has taken to improve its public image , from a $ 500 million fund for small businesses to restricting its top 30 executives to stock - based bonuses with a five - year lockup .
Such moves -- while understandable in a year when your company has been likened to a vampire squid -- wo n't slake public anger at the bank 's outsize profits , which totaled $ 4.95 billion in the fourth quarter .
A protest is scheduled for the company 's headquarters on Thursday , smaller bonus pool notwithstanding .
" Goldman Sachs is not a banking or financial story now , it 's a political story , " portfolio manager Matt McCormick told Reuters .
That 's especially true as President Obama prepares to announce a Wall Street crackdown , especially on Goldman 's specialty , proprietary trading -- that is , trading for your own accounts rather than your clients ' .
Goldman will almost certainly be forced to make changes due to Obama 's proposal , either by ramping down the risks it takes , firewalling its own trading activities from those of its clients , or shedding its newly acquired commercial bank status .
Goldman watchers will have to wait a bit longer to see how the bank adjusts -- and also to find out how much CEO Lloyd Blankfein will get .
He got a record $ 68 million in total compensation in 2007 , and took no bonus in 2008 .
His 2009 bonus will come all in stock , but it will still be an eye - popping number .
NEW YORK , United States — Concern is growing over the lack of information about the status of 10 Baha 'is who were arrested earlier this month in Iran .
In addition to worry about their safety , there are fears that charges against these 10 will be used to create false evidence in court against the seven Baha 'i leaders who have been held since 2008 and whose trial is set to resume on 7 February .
" Our concern is that in the absence of any evidence against the seven leaders , the authorities may be attempting to build a case by perhaps forcing these newly arrested Baha 'is to ' confess ' that they were involved in organizing December 's Ashura demonstrations under orders from their ' leadership ' , " said Bani Dugal , the principal representative of the Baha'i International Community to the United Nations .
" Any such claim would be absurd , given that the seven leaders have been in prison for the last two years , " she said .
Since their arrest on 3 January , statements have been made in Iranian state - sanctioned media that the 10 possessed arms and ammunition in their homes as part of an anti-government plot related to the December demonstrations .
The 10 have virtually disappeared into Iran 's detention system , said Ms. Dugal .
While it is not known whether any of these 10 were in fact present at the Ashura demonstrations , any suggestion that they were central to the organization of these events or that they possessed arms to be used against the government is completely without foundation , she said .
" In the three weeks since these Baha 'is were detained , their families have had no contact with them , aside from a brief telephone message to one family member on 11 January . "
While families have been unable to contact the 10 , it has been learned that they have been transferred recently to Gohardasht prison in Karaj .
" A cell mate of some of the Baha 'i prisoners was recently released , and this individual informed the families of this transfer , " said Ms. Dugal .
" We do n't know exactly what this means , but we do know that families tried to bring clothes and money to the prisoners .
The money was accepted by authorities in Karaj , but not the clothing . "
The 10 Baha 'is who were arrested on 3 January are Mrs. Leva Khanjani , granddaughter of Jamaloddin Khanjani , one of the seven Baha 'i leaders , and her husband , Mr. Babak Mobasher ; Mr. Artin Ghazanfari and his wife , Mrs. Jinous Sobhani , former secretary of Nobel laureate and human rights attorney Shirin Ebadi ; Mr. Mehran Rowhani and Mr. Farid Rowhani , who are brothers ; Mr Payam Fanaian ; Mr. Nikav Hoveydaie ; and Mr. Ebrahim Shadmehr and his son , Mr. Zavosh Shadmehr .
On 12 January , the formal arraignment of the seven leaders was held in Branch 28 of the Revolutionary Court in Tehran .
According to accounts in government - sponsored news media , the seven have been charged with : espionage , propaganda activities against the Islamic order , the establishment of an illegal administration , cooperation with Israel , sending secret documents outside the country , acting against the security of the country , and corruption on earth .
In court , the defendants explicitly denied all of these charges .
Ms. Dugal said the judge has reportedly indicated that the next session of the trial on 7 February will be open and the families will be permitted to attend .
The first court appearance was closed to the public .
The seven " leaders " are Mrs. Fariba Kamalabadi , Mr. Jamaloddin Khanjani , Mr. Afif Naeimi , Mr. Saeid Rezaie , Mrs. Mahvash Sabet , Mr. Behrouz Tavakkoli , and Mr. Vahid Tizfahm .
This group of seven and the 10 Baha 'is arrested on 3 January are among hundreds of Baha 'is who have been detained in the ongoing persecution of Baha 'is - a systematic campaign that has increased in severity in the last few years .
Tags
In recent months , there has been a good deal of discussion of change in the United States .
Sadly , over the last two centuries , the direction in which this country has been changing seems to be away from liberty and towards more control .
The present changes are hardly unprecedented and certainly not unforeseen .
In this essay I will examine two authors , Hilaire Belloc and F.A. Hayek , who present a useful analysis of our present situation .
In 1912 , Hilaire Belloc published The Servile State , in which the Englishman prophesied that the world was moving to a reestablishment of slavery .
This book made quite an impression on a number of thinkers , including F.A. Hayek .
Hayek makes favorable mention of Belloc 's work in The Road to Serfdom , which depicts the modern world as reversing its advance from slavery to liberty . [ 1 ]
Belloc defines the Servile State as " that arrangement of society in which so considerable a number of the families and individuals are constrained by positive law to labor for the advantage of other families and individuals as to stamp the whole community with the mark of such labor . " [ 2 ]
Belloc notes that " the servile condition remains … an institution of the State " [ 3 ] and that
the free man can refuse his labour and use that refusal as an instrument wherewith to bargain ; while the slave has no such instrument or power to bargain at all , but is dependent for his well being upon the custom of society , backed by the regulation of such of its laws as may protect and guarantee the slave . [ 4 ]
The Servile State is not the market economy .
It is also not simply socialism .
Instead , it is a creation of the State to benefit a class , which is considered free , and for which class the system is perpetuated by force of law .
Essentially , it is a State marked by artificial , government - created monopolies .
Hayek provides the rise of Nazism as an example of what Belloc warns against .
The direction that the United States is heading may well provide another case .
The first area that comes to mind is the healthcare debate .
Certain drafts of the bill contain a provision mandating healthcare coverage of a level acceptable to the government .
If a person does not purchase such coverage , he is threatened with a fine and possibly jail time for refusal to comply .
[ 5 ]
Here we have positive law compelling a person to work ( to pay for his coverage ) for the benefit of others ; in this case , the benefit is being sold as a way to eliminate free riders and ensure fairness .
" The unique feature of the present assault on liberty is that it seems , at first , to be the reverse .
The ' wealthy ' are being made the slaves of the ' poor ' . "
Secondly , data from the 2007 tax year shows that the top 50 percent of American tax payers now pay over 97 percent of all income tax . [ 6 ]
Meanwhile , the Tax Policy Center states that 47 percent of American households will pay no federal income tax . [ 7 ]
When it comes to total federal taxes paid , the top 20 percent of taxpayers are paying over 69 percent of taxes , which is part of an increasing trend .
[ 8 ]
Obama 's pledge not to raise taxes on people who make under $ 250,000 implies that this pattern is likely to continue . [ 9 ]
Generally , less taxes being paid is something to celebrate .
However , in this case , we have one group , " net tax payers , " which provides the support , to an increasing degree , for another group , " net tax receivers . "
This is a form of income redistribution carrying the weight of federal law .
As the number of " net tax receivers " rises past 50 percent , the Servile State 's requirements are met .
In The Road to Serfdom , Hayek notes that the tendency towards socialism and slavery is a reversal of the whole evolution of Western civilization away from slavery and centralization since the fall of Rome . [ 10 ]
Hayek believes that this problem can be corrected and that it is not an unavoidable conclusion of our Western culture .
In order to support his claim that corporate - government collusion is not required for economic success , he cites a government report stating that " the superior efficiency of large establishments has not been demonstrated . " [ 11 ]
The report finds that " monopoly is frequently the product of factors other than lower costs of greater size . " [ 12 ]
These factors include " collusive agreements " and " public policies . " [ 13 ]
This last statement agrees with Belloc 's description of the Servile State being caused by government serving the interests of business . [ 14 ]
The main difference between Hayek and Belloc is that , unlike Hayek , Belloc believed that a move towards the Servile State was a natural result of the instability of capitalism . [ 15 ]
Corporatist policies are generally thought of as monopolies and governments conspiring together to keep the working man in bondage to them with no hope of escape .
This is the picture presented by Belloc .
The unique feature of the present assault on liberty is that it seems , at first , to be the reverse .
The " wealthy " are being made the slaves of the " poor . "
$ 17 " We march towards slavery , accompanied by songs of fairness and change . "
The problem with this analysis is that instead of helping the poor against the rich , what is really happening is that government is being expanded .
Net tax receivers become de facto employees of the State , and thus have no natural incentive to upset the status quo .
To do so would literally be to bite the hand that feeds them .
In fact , these new net tax receivers , because they are dependent upon the government for at least part of their subsistence , are a slave class as well under Belloc 's definition . [ 16 ]
What does this expanded government do ?
Well , so far we have witnessed the de facto nationalization of the banking and finance sector , the unabashed nationalization of General Motors , and now we see attempts to socialize medicine and to continue the expansion of the war in Afghanistan .
So , in the end , the expansion of the welfare state is used to legitimize the expansion of the corporatist - warfare state .
We march towards slavery , accompanied by songs of fairness and change .
In the end , though , nothing is new under the sun .
Yesterday , I escaped from the summer heat into an airconditioned warren in a nearby suburb , its carpeted passages lined with chambers in which people clutched totemically decorated buckets of Coke and tried to link their senses to those of exotic alter egos with the aid of pairs of black - rimmed glasses .
My aim was to find out what counts as a quintessential science - fiction blockbuster at the end of the first decade of the twenty - first century .
The answer turned out to be an eye - popping exercise in photorealist animation that brings to life a whimsical fantasy world , in the service of a very uninspiring fairy tale .
Some reviewers have noted echoes of the works of Poul Anderson in Avatar , and I ’m sure there were also traces of Anne McCaffrey and a hint of Ursula LeGuin .
But on reflection , what it really felt like to me was a fourth movie in the Shrek franchise , pipping the yet - to - be- released Shrek Forever After to extrapolate that series ’ twin curves of rising technical achievement and plumetting wit to their logical endpoint : a near - immaculate feat of visualisation , accompanied by a staggeringly awful plot in which clunky genre conventions triumph completely over plausibility and originality .
Avatar even boasts its very own love story where societal expectations and superficial barriers of size and pastelicity are overcome by generous helpings of pixie dust .
Avatar ( which I saw in the 3D version ) is certainly an impressive technical achievement , with animation , performance capture and visual effects that blend seamlessly and convincingly for 99 % of the time to immerse the viewer in a sumptuously detailed alien landscape .
If the handful of exceptions stand out , I suppose that ’s just the price of near - perfection : once the eye gets used to being fooled so well , it only takes a minor glitch in depth cues or shading to make you feel that you ’re looking at live actors moving in front of a projected background ( even when the reality is likely to be something else entirely ) .
There is also the unfortunate fact that although the tall blue aliens known as Na’vi look modestly exotic when they ’re interacting with humans , their anatomy is so close to human that sometimes the technology seems to be creating nothing more than a perfect simulation of what actors with slightly different builds , blue body paint and some minor latex prostheses would look like .
But mostly , the accomplishments of the visual designers and the army of technicians who ’ve brought their conception to the screen appear pixel - perfect , and hit the spot where the brain says “ yes , this is real ” .
The flora and fauna of Pandora are convincingly organic to an Earthly eye — whatever your inner exobiologist is telling you about their plausibility — and on the same gut level the only real flaw in the preposterously humanlike Na’vi is their preposterously perfect teeth .
The staging of the action scenes is breathtakingly good , complex and fast - paced without ever becoming confusing .
The aerial encounters are fluid and balletic , making perfect use of the freedom of the technology without devolving into gimmicks .
So , there is a lot to enjoy and appreciate as sheer spectacle .
But the script , if not really all that Shrek-ish , is more like Disney ’s Pocahontas and Lion King thrown into a blender with Verhoeven ’s Starship Troopers and something swept off the floor from one of the Star Trek franchises .
The science is hokum , the level of human technology is wildly inconsistent , and the characters make life - and - death decisions for no good reason but the plot arc .
And for all of the depictions of warfare and massacres , all of the formulaic gestures of risk and self - sacrifice , there was n’t a single moment here that moved me half as much as the drowning scene in The Abyss .
If you want an emotionally satisfying fantasy about wounded nature , try Princess Mononoke ; if you want a whimsical , visually stunning action adventure where the dialogue rises above “ Outstanding , Marine ! ” , rent the Pirates of the Caribbean trilogy .
Sometime in the next twenty years or so , the technology that enabled Avatar will become cheap enough to risk employing alongside a moderately intelligent script .
But if you want to see the technical state of the art right now , go ahead and pay your share of Avatar 's nine - figure budget .
Think of it less as a piece of entertainment than a glimpse of the kind of day - dreams your not - too - distant descendants might well be scripting and directing in real time themselves .
File this under TV movies that will be better than the actual book : Pride and Prejudice And Zombies is being made into a miniseries .
Check out the possible concept art .
Advertisement
The book 's Twitter stream announced that they would be adapting Seth Grahame - Smith 's novel for a miniseries .
Advertisement
If you 've read the book you know that it is literally Pride And Prejudice , almost word for word , with zombies and ninjas shoved in between .
Which really sounds perfect for a miniseries or a Syfy original movie .
Either way , it 's bound to be fun — or at least , better than the book .
Here is some possible concept art that was added to the Twitter page .
Why Did WTC Collapse ?
" It did n’t seem real …
There are thousands of these steel beams that just fell like pickup sticks . "
~ John Albanese , volunteer firefighter and amateur photographer
" What struck us – guys like Warren Jennings and myself , who have spent basically all our lives in the scrap business – we ’d never seen steel this heavy , this huge , this massive .
It was just unbelievable . "
~ Michael Henderson ( p. 93 ) ,
General Manager , Marine Terminals , Metal Management NE
To explain the unanticipated free - fall collapses of the twin towers at the World Trade Center on September 11 , 2001 , mainstream experts ( also see The American Professional Constructor , October 2004 , pp. 12–18 ) offer a three - stage argument : 1 ) an airplane impact weakened each structure , 2 ) an intense fire thermally weakened structural components that may have suffered damage to fireproofing materials , causing buckling failures , which , in turn , 3 ) allowed the upper floors to pancake onto the floors below .
Many will nod their head , OK , that does it and go back to watching the NBA finals or whatever , but I find this theory just about as satisfying as the fantastic conspiracy theory that " 19 young Arabs acting at the behest of Islamist extremists headquartered in distant Afghanistan " caused 9/11 .
The government ’s collapse theory is highly vulnerable on its own terms , but its blinkered narrowness and lack of breadth is the paramount defect unshared by its principal scientific rival – controlled demolition .
Only professional demolition appears to account for the full range of facts associated with the collapses of WTC 1 ( North Tower ) , WTC 2 ( South Tower ) , and the much - overlooked collapse of the 47 - story WTC building 7 at 5:21 pm on that fateful day .
The scientific controversy over the initial structural weakening has two parts : what caused the original tower damage and did that damage " severely " weaken the structures ?
Photos show a stable , motionless North Tower ( WTC 1 ) after the damage suffered at 8:46 am and the South Tower after its 9:03 am impact .
If we focus on the North Tower , close examination of photos reveals arguably " minor " rather than " severe " damage in the North Tower and its perimeter columns .
As many as 45 exterior columns between floors 94 and 98 on the northeast ( impact ) side of the North Tower were fractured – separated from each other – yet there is no direct evidence of " severe " structural weakening .
None of the upper sections of the broken perimeter columns visibly sags or buckles toward its counterpart column below .
We can infer this because of the aluminum covers on the columns : each seam uniformly aligns properly across the Tower , forming a horizontal " dashed line " in the façade from beveled end to end .
Despite an impact hole , gaps in perimeter columns , and missing parts of floors 95 – 98 at the opening , the aluminum façade shows no evidence of vertical displacement in the columns , suggestive of little or no wider floor buckling at the perimeter .
The aluminum covers attached to the columns also aligned vertically after impact , that is , separated columns continued to visually remain " plumb " ( true vertical ) , lining up top to bottom around the aperture , implying no perceptible horizontal displacement of the columns .
Photographic evidence for the northeast side of the North Tower showed no wider secondary structural impact beyond the opening itself .
Of course , there was smoke pouring out of the upper floors .
The fact that perimeter columns were not displaced suggests that the floors did not buckle or sag .
Despite missing parts of floors 95 – 98 , photos show no buckling or sag on other floors .
If so , that boosts the likelihood that there was little damage to the core .
Photos do not document what happened within the interior / core and no one was allowed to inspect and preserve relevant rubble before government authorities – primarily FEMA – had it quickly removed .
Eyewitness testimony by those who escaped from inside the North Tower concerning core damage probably is unavailable .
Photos do not allow us to peer far into the interior of the building ; in fact the hole is black , with no flames visible .
We know that the structural core and its steel was incredibly strong ( claimed 600 % redundancy ) making it unlikely that the core was " severely " damaged at impact .
There were 47 core columns connected to each other by steel beams within an overall rectangular core floor area of approximately 87 feet x 137 feet ( 26.5 m x 41.8 m ) .
Each column had a rectangular cross section of approximately 36 " x 14 " at the base ( 90 cm x 36 cm ) with steel 4 " thick all around ( 100 mm ) , tapering to ¼ " ( 6 mm ) thickness at the top .
Each floor was also extremely strong ( p. 26 ) , a grid of steel , contrary to claims of a lightweight " truss " system .
Those who support the official account like Thomas Eagar ( p. 14 ) , professor of materials engineering and engineering systems at MIT , usually argue that the collapse must be explained by the heat from the fires because the loss of loading - bearing capacity from the holes in the Towers was too small .
The transfer of load would have been within the capacity of the towers .
Since steel used in buildings must be able to bear five times its normal load , Eagar points out , the steel in the towers could have collapsed only if heated to the point where it " lost 80 percent of its strength , " around 1,300 oF .
Eagar believes that this is what happened , though the fires did not appear to be extensive and intense enough , quickly billowing black smoke and relatively few flames .
While some experts claim that airliner impact severely weakened the entire structural system , evidence is lacking .
The perimeters of floors 94–98 did not appear severely weakened , much less the entire structural system .
The criminal code requires that crime scene evidence be saved for forensic analysis but FEMA had it destroyed before anyone could seriously investigate it .
FEMA was in position to take command because it had arrived the day before the attacks at New York ’s Pier 29 to conduct a war game exercise , " Tripod II , " quite a coincidence .
The authorities apparently considered the rubble quite valuable : New York City officials had every debris truck tracked on GPS and had one truck driver who took an unauthorized 1 ½ hour lunch fired .
The preliminary NIST Response claims that " the wall section above the impact zone moved downward " ( pdf , p. 36 ) on WTC 1 but offers no evidence .
It offers photographic evidence , however , for a " hanging floor slab " on the 82d floor of the South Tower at 9:55 a.m .
This looks minor though because there is no sag on adjacent floors and the integrity of the structure looks very much intact .
The fire looks weak too , yet the South Tower collapsed only four minutes later .
This would be quite a puzzle without a demolition theory .
About a dozen of the fragmented ends of exterior columns in the North Tower hole were bent but the bends faced the " wrong way " because they pointed toward the outside of the Tower .
This fact is troublesome for the official theory that a plane crash created the hole and subsequent explosion between floors 94 and 98 .
The laws of physics imply that a high - speed airplane with fuel - filled wings breaking through thin perimeter columns would deflect the shattered ends of the columns inward , if deflected in any direction , certainly not bend them outward toward the exterior .
A possible response would be that , well , yes , an airliner crash would bend a column inward rather than outward , if bent at all , but the subsequent force of a jet fuel blast would act in the opposite direction : any inward bends caused by plane impact would straighten toward vertical or even reverse the bent steel columns toward the exterior under blast pressure .
However , such a proposed steel " reversal theory " ( first bend inward by collision , then bend outward by explosion ) suffers two major handicaps :
No " inward - bending columns " were observed and it would be unlikely that each and every one would be reversed by subsequent explosion , and the hypothesis is ad hoc and lacks simplicity , both scientific negatives .
Occam ’s razor would suggest that the outward bends in the perimeter columns were caused by explosions from inside the tower rather than bends caused by airliner impact from outside .
Also supporting this theory is the fact that the uniformly neat ends of the blown perimeter columns are consistent with the linear shaped charges demolition experts use to slice steel as thick as 10 inches .
The hypothesis of linear shaped charges also explains the perfectly formed crosses found in the rubble ( crucifix - shaped fragments of core column structures ) , as well as the rather - neatly shorn steel everywhere .
The engineering establishment ’s theory has further difficulties .
It is well - known that the hole in the west wing of the Pentagon , less than 18 - foot diameter , was too small to accommodate a Boeing 757 , but the North Tower ’s hole was n’t big enough for a Boeing 767 either , the alleged widebody airliner used on AA Flight 11 ( officially tail number N334AA , FAA - listed as " destroyed " ) .
A Boeing 767 has a wingspan of 155 ’ 1 " ( 47.6 m ) yet the maximum distance across the hole in the North Tower was about 115 feet ( 35 m ) , a hole undersized by some 40 feet or 26 percent .
" The last few feet at the tips of the wings did not even break through the exterior columns , " comments Hufschmid ( p. 27 ) .
But 20 feet on each wing ?
I ’d call that a substantial difference , not " the last few feet , " especially since aircraft impact holes tend to be three times the size of the aircraft , reflecting the fact that fuel - laden airliners flying into buildings send things smashing about in a big way .
The small size of the holes in both towers casts doubt on the airliner - impact hypothesis and favors professional demolition again .
There were no reports of plane parts , especially wings , shorn off in the collision and bounced to the ground on the northeast side of the tower , to my knowledge , though FEMA reported a few small pieces to the south at Church street ( pp. 68 –9 ) and atop WTC - 5 to the east of WTC - 1 .
Adding to the suspicious nature of the small aperture in WTC 1 is that some vertical gaps in the columns on the left side of the northeast hole were so short , probably less than three feet ( p. 105 ) high ( p. 27 ) .
Not much of a jumbo jet could pass through such an opening , especially since a fuel - laden plane would not minimize its frontal area .
The engines are a special problem because each engine is enormous and dense , consisting mainly of tempered steel and weighing 5 – 6 tons , depending upon model .
No engine was recovered in the rubble yet no hydrocarbon fire could possibly vaporize it .
The hole in the North Tower also is suspicious because it did not even have a continuous opening at the perimeter , but instead contained substantial WTC material ( p. 27 ) just left of center ( pp. 62 , 105 ) .
This material appears integral to that area , so it did not move much , suggesting minimal displacement and no clean penetration by a jumbo jet .
These huge airliners weigh 82 tons empty and have a maximum takeoff weight of up to 193 tons .
In the case of the South Tower , an engine from UAL Flight 175 ( tail number N612UA and FAA - registered as still valid ! ) has not been recovered despite the fact that the flight trajectory of the video plane implied that the right engine would miss the South Tower .
Photos showing minor engine parts on the ground are unconvincing , to put it mildly .
Perhaps independent jet engine experts ( retired ? ) can testify to the contrary .
Further contradicting the official account , the beveled edge of the southeast side of the south tower was completely intact upon initial impact .
The government never produced a jet engine yet claimed it recovered the passport of alleged hijacker Satam al Suqami unharmed by a fiery crash and catastrophic collapse of the North Tower .
The government has not produced voice ( CVR ) or flight data recorders ( FDR ) in the New York attack either , so - called black boxes , a fact unprecedented in the aviation history of major domestic crashes .
Adding to the problems of the official theory is the fact that photos of the North Tower hole show no evidence of a plane either .
There is no recognizable wreckage or plane parts at the immediate crash site .
While the issue probably takes us too far afield , the landing wheel assembly that allegedly flew out of the North Tower and was found several streets away could easily have been planted by FEMA or other government agents .
I ’ve never seen any objective analysis of this wheel assembly though it would be welcome .
In fact , the government has failed to produce significant wreckage from any of the four alleged airliners that fateful day .
The familiar photo of the Flight 93 crash site in Pennsylvania ( The 9/11 Commission Report , Ch. 9 ) shows no fuselage , engine or anything recognizable as a plane , just a smoking hole in the ground .
Photographers reportedly were not allowed near the hole .
Neither the FBI nor the National Transportation Safety Board have investigated or produced any report on the alleged airliner crashes .
The WTC 1 and Pentagon holes were not alone in being too small .
Photos show that the hole in WTC 2 also was too small to have been caused by the crash of a Boeing 767 .
In fact , the South Tower hole is substantially smaller than the North Tower hole .
The next question is whether the fires were hot enough to cause the WTC buildings to collapse .
In defending the official account and its clones that try to explain the unprecedented collapses of three steel - framed skyscrapers without demolition , heat arguably is more important than structural impact .
That ’s obviously true for building WTC 7 because there was no alleged airplane impact .
First , no steel - framed skyscraper , even engulfed in flames hour after hour , had ever collapsed before .
Suddenly , three stunning collapses occur within a few city blocks on the same day , two allegedly hit by aircraft , the third not .
These extraordinary collapses after short - duration minor fires made it all the more important to preserve the evidence , mostly steel girders , to study what had happened .
On fire intensity , consider this benchmark : A 1991 FEMA report on Philadelphia ’s Meridian Plaza fire said that the fire was so energetic that " [ b ] eams and girders sagged and twisted , " but " [ d ] espite this extraordinary exposure , the columns continued to support their loads without obvious damage " ( quoted by Griffin , p. 15 ) .
Such an intense fire with consequent sagging and twisting steel beams bears no resemblance to what we observed at the WTC .
Second , severe structural damage to the WTC towers would have required fires that were not only large but growing throughout the buildings and burning for a considerable period of time .
None of these conditions was present .
" The lack of flames is an indication that the fires were small , and the dark smoke is an indication that the fires were suffocating , " points out Hufschmid ( p. 35 ) .
Eyewitnesses in the towers , as well as police and firefighters , reported ( pp. 199–200 ) the same thing .
Third , the impact opening was 15 floors lower in the South Tower than in the North Tower , where core columns were thicker , so the South Tower fire had to produce more heat to raise the steel temperatures to soften up ( thermally weaken ) the steel columns .
Yet its fires were considerably smaller and 30 minutes shorter in duration .
The Tower collapsed after burning only 56 minutes .
A prime candidate to explain why " the wrong tower fell first " is that the small dying fire in the South Tower forced the hand of the mass murderers who decided to trigger demolition earlier than planned in order to sustain the lie that fire caused the collapse .
The North Tower stood for another 29 minutes and its core steel was thinner at its upper stories .
The 1991 Meridian Plaza fire burned for 19 hours and the fire was so extreme that flames came from dozens of windows on many floors .
It did not collapse .
Fourth , implicitly trying to explain away these difficulties , the current NIST investigation , conducted by " an extended investigation team of 236 people , " makes " dislodged fireproofing " the key variable to explain the collapses .
Supposedly , " the probable collapse sequence for the WTC towers are ( sic ) based on the behavior of thermally weakened structural components that had extensive damage to fireproofing or gypsum board fire protection induced by the debris field generated by aircraft impact " ( p. 111 ) .
" Had fireproofing not been dislodged by debris field , " this team of government - paid experts claims , " temperature rise of structural components would likely have been insufficient to induce global collapse " ( p. 108 ) .
Perhaps acknowledging the lack of direct evidence for its conjectures , the NIST admits that " a full collapse of the WTC floor system would not occur even with a number of failed trusses or connections " and it " recognizes inherent uncertainties " ( pp. 110 and 112 ) .
The NIST will have to boost its creativity to plausibly explain the WTC 7 collapse because it wo n’t have the benefit of tales of aircraft and debris fields .
Aside from specific defects in the fire collapse theory , a wide variety of facts undermine it :
Photos show people walking around in the hole in the North Tower " where 10,000 gallons of jet fuel were supposedly burning .
The women ( p. 27 ) seem to ( sic ) looking down to the ground " ( the NIST " Response " pdf , p. 62 , also shows a similar photo of the same blond woman with light - colored slacks looking over the edge of the 94th floor ) .
By the time the South Tower was hit , most of the North Tower ’s flames had already vanished , burning for only 16 minutes .
The fire did not grow over time , probably because it quickly ran out of fuel and was suffocating rather than the sprinkler system dousing the fires .
FDNY fire fighters remain under a gag order ( Rodriguezvs - 1.Bush.pdf , p. 10 ) to not discuss the explosions they heard , felt and saw .
FAA personnel are also under a 9/11 gag order .
Even the 9/11 Commission ( Kean - Zelikow )
Report acknowledges that " none of the [ fire ] chiefs present believed that a total collapse of either tower was possible " ( Ch. 9 , p. 302 ) .
It shocked everyone that day , amateur and professional alike , although some firefighters realized that so - called secondary explosive devices were a risk .
Poppy Appeal posters in Kent have been defaced by protesters attacking former prime minister Tony Blair 's war record .
The Royal British Legion annual appeal adverts emphasise their support for personnel who served in Afghanistan .
The poster shows war widow Hester Wright , 22 , and her son Josh , six , holding a portrait of her late husband .
The slogan " For their sake , wear a poppy " has been replaced with " For their sake , prosecute Blair " on a billboard in Gillingham .
Objectors to Mr Blair 's war record altered the sign outside Gillingham railway station .
' Making sacrifices '
Other posters in the Medway area have been changed to make the original message read : " For their sake , bring them home " .
A spokesman for the Royal British Legion said they intended to amend the defaced images .
He said : " We do understand that the current campaign in Afghanistan and the recent activities in Iraq are not popular universally in the country .
" Opinion is divided but we do find that the public is four - square behind our British Armed Forces who are out there representing their country and making sacrifices . "
Mrs Wright , from Mansfield , Nottinghamshire , became one of the public faces of the Poppy Appeal after her husband , Damian Wright , died in a roadside explosion in Afghanistan in 2007 , aged 23 .
The appeal aims to raise £ 31 million .
A Kent Police spokesperson said they were investigating the incident .
Imagine this :
You could walk into a building and borrow , rent , or buy used books .
We could call these buildings “ libraries ” or “ used book stores ” .
Heck , while we ’re at it , let ’s also imagine people giving books that they ’ve just finished to their friends .
If you look at the copyright law — 17 U.S.C. 106 — you may be surprised to see that the law explicitly says that these transactions cannot occur , at least without permission of the copyright holder .
Really :
[ T ]he owner of copyright under this title has the exclusive rights to do and to authorize any of the following : [. . .]
( 3 ) to distribute copies or phonorecords of the copyrighted work to the public by sale or other transfer of ownership , or by rental , lease , or lending .
See ?
Illegal , all of it .
But of course , we know better .
We know that libraries and used book stores exist , lawfully so at that , and ( correctly ) discount the idea that these institutions have cleared copyright with every single author and publisher whose work appears in their inventory .
We also know that no one gets in trouble for passing a book to a friend .
That ’s because of the First Sale Doctrine .
Originally stemming from a 1908 Supreme Court case and codified at 17 USC 109 in 1976 , the First Sale Doctrine , in a nutshell , says that the copyright holder only holds rights of distribution in order to put the product into the stream of commerce .
Once the product is lawfully sold once , the right of distribution evaporates .
So yes , go ahead and send me copies of books you think I should read .
But what about e-books ?
Imagine , then , this :
You could fire up your laptop or Amazon Kindle and borrow , rent , or buy a used book .
Heck , while we ’re at it , a friend could lend of give you a used copy of their book , too .
Right now ?
Unlawful .
An exception to the First Sale Doctrine may render it irrelevant , and in any event , the digital transaction necessarily involves copying — thereby impinging on the copyright holder ’s exclusive right at 17 USC 106 ( 1 ) : “ to reproduce the copyrighted work . ”
Seems silly , but that ’s the lay of the land .
Both John Battelle and Mike Shatzkin have posts today about e-books , and both touch on this .
Shatzkin discusses best practices for e-book publishers to combat piracy while Battelle complains about features his Kindle lacks :
You ca n’t share a Kindle book with anyone else .
That ’s just nuts .
The sharing of a book is perhaps one of the most intimate and important intellectual acts between humans , ever .
I ’m not stuck on whether or not that sharing is physical .
I ’m stuck on the inability to share .
It ’s a crime .
The juxtaposition shows the problem .
The consumer ( Battelle ) demands the ability to share ( “ It ’s a crime ” that he can ’t ! ) while the publisher ( through the eyes of Shatzkin ) is desperately trying to maintain control over the distribution of e-books , with the effect of controlling downstream distribution as well .
These goals are irreconcilable , so something has to give .
Which brings me to the used book store in the cloud .
Say an annual fee — $ 50 ?
$ 100 ? — gave you the ability to rent a book directly to your Kindle or other device .
The fee could be built into the price of a Kindle ; as well as selling the current version for $ 259 without this service bundled , Amazon could offer it for $ 200 plus a $ 100 annual fee and multi - year contract , much like a cellular phone .
Either way , one would still be able to purchase — permanently — a copy of an e-book whenever they see fit .
The books would actually live “ in the cloud ” — that is , on the publishers ’ or distributors ’ ( Amazon’s ?
B & N’s ? ) , and be pushed to your device as - needed , with some liberal allowances made for things like flying , etc. , when wifi and cellular connectivity is lacking .
Copying the file could be made difficult , especially if the service were limited to e-readers such as the Kindle .
You could have a certain mumber of rented books on your device at a time , say three , but maybe fewer .
And while your friend could not just give you a book he or she purchased , they could definitely recommend them to you via some sort of social network - like interface .
But each of these digital copies would exist in a finite space , as determined by the publisher and policed by the distributor .
Quite literally , we’d be applying the First Sale Doctrine to e-books as much as possible by re-introducing scarcity to ( e -) books .
For Battelle , this would allow him , effectively , to share books with friends , so long as his friend was part of the renting ecosystem .
As the annual fee would be easily incorporated into the Kindle ’s price , this would be even more palatable .
Further , I bet that one of his other gripes — that you ca n’t put the actual , physical book on your shelf — would be mitigated as the marginal cost to acquire the book would be offset in kind .
For Shatzkin and publishers , this would massively reduce the incentive to “ pirate ” e-books , especially among those consumers who would be likely to purchase books if otherwise available for a rental / browse / borrow discount .
It would certainly cut into the number of sales of e-books , but because of the lack of permancy , not into the sale of paper - and - ink books .
It probably is a net negative compared to the revenue stream provided by a world without e-books at all , but that universe is gone and not coming back .
The irony ?
While the publishing world looks toward saving the present structure , they ’re doing so by ignoring the First Sale Doctrine — a common - sense point of law in both contexts .
Adopting a First Sale Dotrine for e-books would be a huge step toward meeting everyone ’s needs .
News of the this week 's devastating earthquakes in Haiti spread quickly across the Internet as people looked for ways to help in the recovery efforts from home .
As usual , scammers have seized the opportunity to take advantage of search engine trends by setting up fake charity sites and sending out spam soliciting donations that will go anywhere but Haiti .
Scammers pop up anytime something significant happens , whether it's a natural disaster or the death of a celebrity , trying to redirect users to their just - registered domains to infect people with malware .
Disasters such as the Haiti quakes , though , have the added benefit of concerned citizens wanting to donate money — indeed , as we learned during Hurricane Katrina , large numbers of ignorant Internet users were duped by fake donation sites and ended up sending their money to those with ill intentions instead of charities that could help those in need .
And not all of them are obvious scams , either — one e-mail circulating in the UK claims to come from the British Red Cross and even displays the real Red Cross address in London , but directs users to a different domain when they try to click through .
It 's bad enough that several organizations have issued warnings this time around , urging those looking to donate to do their research and choose reputable charities .
For example , the Better Business Bureau has a quick guide on what to look for when donating money to Haiti recovery efforts .
The Federal Bureau of Investigation also has a fraud alert on its site , warning people to be wary of unsolicited e-mails , those soliciting on social networking sites , and those who claim to be making donations to a charity on your behalf .
The takeaway from both the BBB and the FBI is to only donate to charities that you know and trust , and if you need help , there 's a list where you can research relief organizations that are accredited by the BBB .
If you do n't have time or energy to do the research , however , we 'll provide a few suggestions for you .
The most obvious choice is to donate to the Red Cross , which has told various news outlets that it has already exhausted all of its supplies in Haiti and that there are far more people in need of help .
However , the Red Cross website is n't the only place you can donate anymore — the organization says you can donate a quick $ 10 just by texting the word " Haiti " to 90999 .
There 's also Doctors Without Borders / M�decins Sans Fronti�res , an international organization created by doctors that provide relief efforts around the world .
There are a number of other donation memes spreading around Facebook and Twitter , most of which ask you to SMS something to a number to donate $ 5 or $ 10 .
We caution you , however , to be wary of these unless you hear it directly from a reputable organization ( such as the Red Cross , as mentioned above ) — there 's no telling how much you 're actually charging back to your own phone bill or what services you may inadvertently sign up for .
While you wait for your donations to go through , you can head over to Google Maps to catch updated satellite images of the destruction areas .
Google is also offering a KML overlay for Google Earth as part of its partnership with GeoEye .
Zandagort was a free online sci - fi strategy indie game .
Reasons for you to play with it :
complex gameplay : ecology , economy , trade , research , warfare , diplomacy
: ecology , economy , trade , research , warfare , diplomacy map where you can really control your spaceships , not just start countdowns , with the possibility of tactical maneuvers
where you can really control your spaceships , not just start countdowns , with the possibility of tactical maneuvers finite servers , common enemy : Zandagort arrives at the end of each server to destroy mankind , and players who were enemies before have to collaborate to prevail
: Zandagort arrives at the end of each server to destroy mankind , and players who were enemies before have to collaborate to prevail strong community support : in - game chat , forum , private messages
: in - game chat , forum , private messages strong community nurturing noobs and creating the world and story of the game
The game closed at the end of 2012 .
There are a few Hungarian teams trying to continue and develop it further , and an open source project related to the original game .
Intro to the game .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
There are a little less than three weeks left in this , the so far awesomest decade of the 21st century .
But bizarrely , no one seems to have settled on a name for it yet .
Where the 80s and 90s came pre-loaded with catchy nicknames ( the " 80s " and " 90s " ) , this , the most futuristic of all decades has struggled when it comes to labeling itself .
That 's not to say there have n't been attempts ; a handful of contenders have emerged over the last few years .
However , under close inspection , all of them appear to be 10 times worse than a thousand turd burritos .
Maybe you 'll see what I mean when we have a look together ... This makes some sense numerically , but seeing as the word " zero " can also mean " failure " or " worthless , " the downsides should appear obvious .
Sure this has been the decade of American Idol auditions and dudes marrying pillows , but there 's no reason to dwell on that , is there ?
It 's like naming your kid " Urkel " or " Tobey Maguire . "
You 're just setting them up for failure .
Far , far too vague .
This has been the go to choice for people in the media who need a label to attach to whatever ridiculous trend piece they 're working on .
They 've been getting away with it so far , but as the label technically applies for the next nine hundred odd years as well , this is no way for us in the here and now to identify ourselves and our As in " the single digits . "
I 'll go ahead and declare that if you ever have to explain what a label means , then it 's a terrible one .
I mean , if we 're going to go that route , why not just say that as the bottom decade of the 21st century , this was
Ismét merészet léptem , és sokkal jobban érzem magam így .
Felhagytam a nagycéges léttel , hogy saját lábon folytassam azt , amit egy bő esztendővel korábban félbehagytam .
Mamutnál dolgozni jó , de legf őképpen kényelmes és biztonságos .
Az elmúlt id őszakban két út körvonalazódott előttem , mely egymással ellentétesnek tűnő értékeket és életfilozofiát feltételez .
Az egyik a klasszikus karrierépítős út , a nagyvállalati alkalmazott útja , mely stabil talajt kínál , cserében nem túl nagy mozgásteret biztosít .
Ma fejlesztőként , holnap tanácsadóként , holnapután senior tanácsadóként , öt éven belül vezető fejlesztőként , azt követően pedig esetleg projektvezetőként , vagy üzletág vezetőként , apró lépésekben lehet megmászni a kártyavárat , mely egyik pillanatról a másikra összeomolhat .
A másik út a Bolha útja : a valamilyen szakterületen jártas egyéni vállalkozóé , aki folyamatosan építi a portfólióját , hogy ezáltal stabil ügyfélkört tudhasson magának , mely megélhetést biztosít számára .
A Mamut árnyékában
Ha nagycégénél dolgozom , tudatosítanom kell azt , hogy a biztosnak hitt létem egyik napról a másikra semmivé válhat , és akkor csupaszon , mindenféle támasz nélkül kell ismét megtalálnom a helyem a piacon .
Fontos tehát időről időre feltennem magamnak a kérdést , hogy milyen területeken rendelkezem olyan komparatív előnnyel , mely a piacon értéket képvisel ?
Mennyi időm megy el fölöslegesen a Mamut nagy testének tisztogatásával : adminisztratív tevékenységekre , aktatologatásra , rosszul szervezett mítingekre , ügyfélmasszírozásra ?
A fizetésen kívül milyen más motivátorok miatt érdemes szolgálnom a Mamutot ?
Hány esztendeig fogok ugyanannak a Mamutnak az árnyékában élni ?
Két féle stratégiával élhetek , ha van valamiféle szakmai fejl ődéspálya a fejemben : kihasználhatom a Mamut nagyságát arra , hogy árnyékában meghúzódva időm nagyrészét a szakmai fejl ődésemre fordítsam .
Olyan feladatokat vállalok , melyek lehetővé teszik azt , hogy nap mint nap új és új cikkeket , könyveket , blogokat olvassak , eljárjak konferenciákra , és publikáljak a témában , míg eléggé ismertté válok az adott területen .
Ez a Mamutnak is jó , hiszen számára is fontos az , hogy jó emberek képviseljék a szakmát , melyre üzletét alapozni kívánja .
Ha ezt az utat követem , nem érhet nagy baj ha hirtelen megszűnik az állásom , hiszen van egy szakmai terület , melynek a tudója vagyok , és melyet máshol is értékesíteni tudok .
A másik stratégia a Mamut megvilágított oldalán érvényesül : félretéve a szakmát arra fókuszálok , hogy menedzsment feladatokat lássak el , üzletet építsek , ügyfelekkel tartsam a kapcsolatot , és stratégiailag egyre fontosabb szerepet töltsek be a cég életében .
Látható pozícióban vagyok , egyre jobb lehet őségekkel kínálnak meg , a fizetésem is jobban emelkedik , mint az árnyékban ügyködő kollégámnak .
Önbizalmam ezzel egyidőben egyre nagyobb lesz , így aligha veszem észre , hogy a szakmai felkészültségem egyre elavultabbá válik , így gyakorlatilag egyáltalán nem tudok létezni az árnyékban ülő kollégám segítsége nélkül .
Láttam már ilyen stratégiával érvényesülő középvezetőt mélyre zuhanni úgy , hogy utána hónapokig nem tudott elhelyezkedni sehol .
Ha Mamutnál dolgozol , keresd az árnyékos oldalt , mert az sokkal biztosabb jövőt jelenthet számodra .
Bolhalét
Az én neveltetésem is a múlt csökevénye volt , s egyáltalán nem készített föl a leendő bolhalétemre .
Meggyőződésem , hogy a nagy többség számára ez az egyetlen lehetőség .
Életünknek legalább egy részében bolhaként – ha úgy tetszik , szabadúszó színészként – kell élnünk .
Mivel a nagyvállalatok a vagyonukat egyénekbe fogják fektetni , s abba , ami az egyének fejében van , idővel még az elefántokra is úgy tekinthetünk , mint számtalan Bolha összességére , ami mindenesetre sokkal egészségesebb kép , mint a részlegek tulajdonában álló „ emberi erőforrás ” képe .
( Handy Charles : Az elefánt és a bolha ) .
12 éves voltam , amikor Ceausescut kivégezték .
Addig egy olyan világban éltem , melynek értékrendje , morálja , nevelésről alkotott felfogása maradandó szorongást , félelmet és görcsöket oltott belém .
A szülői védőburának köszönhetem , hogy ma nem egy pszichikailag félszeg emberként élem hétköznapjaimat .
A szülői oltalom azonban nem tudott megvédeni attól a fertőtől , amit az iskolai közeg jelentett számomra .
A mai napig keresem azt a közeget , ahol gyermekeim pontosan az ellentétét tapasztalhatják meg annak , amit én éltem át kisiskolás koromban .
Outsourcing Magyarországon
A munkaerő kihelyezés ( outsourcing ) soha nem látott méreteket öltött Magyarországon .
Az elmúlt évben több nagyvállalatnál is tapasztaltam , hogy szívesebben foglalkoztatnak projekt alapon szerződő alvállalkozókat , mert olcsóbb , mint saját belsős munkaerőt ráállítani az adott munkáara .
Paradox módon a foglalkoztatott külsős munkaerő olykor akár a többszörösét is megkeresi a megbízó belsős munkatársnál , és ez nyilván nem azért alakul így , mert nem akarják jutalmazni az alkalmazottakat .
Jobban megéri ez a konstrukció , kevesebb a kockázat , hiszen projekt alapon kifejezhető az alvállalkozói költség , míg a belsős munkatársat akkor is fizetni kell , ha nem produktív feladattal foglalkozik .
Egymásrautaltság
A Mamut képes megszerezni azt a nagy kaliberű munkát , melyet a Bolha nem .
A Bolhák képesek eleget tenni azoknak a szakmai kihívásoknak , melynek a Mamut nem , így könnyen belátható , hogy a Mamut Bolha nélkül , a Bolha pedig Mamut nélkül nem tud boldogulni .
Bolhának lenni akkor jó , ha van Mamut a láthatáron .
Mamutnak lenni akkor jó , ha vannak szabadon értékes Bolhák , kikre lehet számítani .
Mindkét székben ültem már .
Most ismét Bolha vagyok , kövér , leterhelt Bolha .
MOSCOW 
The prime minister of Lithuania , a former Soviet republic that broke from Moscow ’s orbit and is now a member of NATO , accused the United States on Tuesday of using “ Soviet methods ” to set up two secret prisons in Lithuania for terrorism suspects .
The prime minister , Andrius Kubilius , said the United States had reached what he contended were clandestine and illegal arrangements with the Lithuanian secret services for prisons that were outside civilian control .
Mr. Kubilius made his remarks on the day that the national security committee in the Lithuanian Parliament released a report that determined that the country was the site of two small secret prisons , though it did not indicate how they were used .
The report was based on testimony from politicians and national security officials .
It was initiated after ABC News described Lithuania ’s role in hosting so - called black sites , and other questions were raised about its activities in the fight against terrorism .
Cash for Clunkers moved a bunch of auto sales forward , causing people who thought they might replace their car in the next year or two to rush into the showrooms .
Now , in the aftermath , sales are plummeting : 47 % at GM , 44 % at Chrysler , 8.9 % at Ford , 16 % at Toyota , 23 % at Honda , 11 % at Nissan .
I hope those car companies used the cash infusion now , because they 'll be on lean rations for months , even years .
The huge slide for our bankrupt giants is interesting .
I mean , we expect sales to fall ; the companies are hosed .
But why was Cash for Clunkers particularly good for GM and Chrysler ?
Or did they simply use up more inventory than their competitors , since they 're shutting down production lines ?
Viewpoint
Are black holes really two dimensional ?
Vijay Balasubramanian Department of Physics , University of Pennsylvania , Philadelphia , PA 19104 , USA
The insights of a provocative connection between general relativity and quantum field theory , called the AdS / CFT correspondence , have been extended to rotating black holes that can occur astrophysically .
Illustration : Carin Cain Figure 1 : ( Left )
Black hole spacetimes develop a “ throat ” leading to the horizon .
( Right )
The throat viewed from above .
Quantum gravitational dynamics in some black hole throats can be “ holographically ” encoded in the dynamics of a lower dimensional field theory defined on the boundary of the throat .
The radial direction of spacetime becomes an emergent geometric description of RG scale in the field theory .
Red shading on the boundary indicates the nonlocal spread of data about a local bulk object in the boundary encoding .
The depth of red shading indicates the fraction of information about the bulk object that is encoded at each boundary location .
( Left ) Black hole spacetimes develop a “ throat ” leading to the horizon .
( Right )
The throat viewed from above .
Quantum gravitational dynamics in some black hole throats can be “ holographically ” encoded in the dynamics of a lower dimensional field theo ...
Show more
Illustration : Carin Cain Figure 1 : ( Left )
Black hole spacetimes develop a “ throat ” leading to the horizon .
( Right )
The throat viewed from above .
Quantum gravitational dynamics in some black hole throats can be “ holographically ” encoded in the dynamics of a lower dimensional field theory defined on the boundary of the throat .
The radial direction of spacetime becomes an emergent geometric description of RG scale in the field theory .
Red shading on the boundary indicates the nonlocal spread of data about a local bulk object in the boundary encoding .
The depth of red shading indicates the fraction of information about the bulk object that is encoded at each boundary location . ×
General relativity makes the dramatic prediction that a sufficiently dense cloud of matter collapses to a black hole — a spacetime singularity surrounded by a horizon .
A classical observer can enter a large horizon with no ill effects , but the causal structure of a black hole spacetime is such that she cannot return from beyond .
Black holes have a mass ( M ) , they can carry electrical or magnetic charge ( Q ) , and can rotate ( with angular momentum J ) .
But beyond these characteristics , they “ have no hair , ” i.e. , they have no other distinguishing classical characteristics .
To be gravitationally stable , the mass of a charged or rotating black hole must exceed a so - called extremal bound , e.g. , rotating black holes , also known as Kerr black holes [ 1 ] , satisfy the relation G M 2 ≥ | J | .
Long a staple of science fiction , there is now a significant body of evidence that black holes , or at least objects very like them , exist in our universe at the centers of galaxies and as endpoints of stellar collapse .
One of the most curious properties of black holes is the enormous entropy that they carry .
Gedanken experiments carried out since the early 1970s [ 2,3 ] have established that a black hole of horizon area
A should respond to probes as if it were a thermodynamic object with an entropy S = A / 4 G N ħ , where G N is the Newton constant and ħ is Planck ’s constant .
( Here we have adopted units in which we set the speed of light and Boltzmann ’s constant to 1 ) .
Thus a solar mass black hole ( about 6 kilometers wide ) should have an entropy that is 22 orders of magnitude greater than the entropy of the sun itself .
We have known since Boltzmann , that entropy in a physical system is a manifestation of statistical degeneracy of the underlying states .
Following Boltzmann then , a central question for a quantum theory of gravity is to explain how black holes contrive to have an underlying statistical degeneracy of e A / 4 G N ħ .
Since the area of an astrophysical black hole grows as the mass squared , this is a truly staggering degeneracy .
Measured by an apparatus with energy resolution Δ E , this implies a microstate level spacing proportional to Δ M ∼ Δ E e - A / 4 G N ħ .
It has been argued [ 4 ] that the difficulty of resolving such minuscule differences in the ħ → 0 limit is the source of the apparent semiclassical paradox [ 5 ] of loss of quantum unitarity in black holes .
Thus a key challenge to any quantum theory of gravity is to identify the “ atoms of spacetime ” that can explain such a spectacular growth in the number of microstates .
For a special class of highly symmetric , near - extremal charged black holes , this problem was solved in string theory by Strominger and Vafa [ 6 ] .
With hindsight , we now know that a key ingredient in their solution was that the physics of near - extremal black holes is largely controlled by properties of the spacetime in the vicinity of , but outside , the black hole horizon .
Within this so - called black hole “ throat ” ( see Fig. 1 , left ) the geometry takes a universal form — it is an anti-de Sitter ( AdS ) spacetime , namely the same geometry as a solution to Einstein ’s equations with a negative cosmological constant .
In a celebrated paper , Maldacena argued that quantum gravity in every such spacetime is equivalent or “ holographically dual ” to a nongravitating , conformally invariant , quantum field theory ( CFT ) in a lower number of dimensions [ 7 ] ( Fig. 1 , right ) .
This idea , the AdS / CFT correspondence , has some analogy to optical holograms , where the image of a three - dimensional object can be stored nonlocally in a two - dimensional piece of film and then recreated with coherent light .
In the context of the AdS / CFT correspondence , spacetime itself is an emergent phenomenon , simply a convenient rewriting of the immensely complicated , strongly coupled physics of a conventional local quantum field theory defined on the boundary of spacetime ( Fig. 1 , right ) .
The radial direction of spacetime appears as a geometric realization of the renormalization group scale of the field theory [ 8 ] .
A black hole in anti-de Sitter spacetime is then simply described in the holographic dual theory as a thermal state ( a gas with a temperature ) , whose statistical degeneracy explains the black hole entropy .
The AdS / CFT correspondence has been such a powerful and productive tool , that for about a decade the bulk of the effort to understand spacetime singularities and horizons has revolved around black holes in anti-de Sitter spacetimes , at least amongst string theorists .
However , we do not live in a world with a negative cosmological constant , nor are astrophysical black holes highly electrically or magnetically charged as in the examples of Strominger and Vafa .
How then do we apply the insights of the last decade to black holes in our universe ?
In a paper in Physical Review D , Guica et al . [ 9 ] point out that near - extreme rotating black holes certainly occur in nature ( GRS 1915+105 , with mass about 14 times the mass of the sun has J / G N M 2 > 0 . 98 ) , and propose that the dynamics controlling the statistical degeneracy and low - energy emission from such black holes is described “ holographically ” by a nongravitating , two - dimensional , conformal theory .
The argument does not involve string theory , or any other specific quantum theory of gravity .
The authors observe , following earlier work of Bardeen and Horowitz [ 10 ] , that extreme rotating black holes have a near - horizon “ throat ” of a certain universal form that controls the dynamical properties of low - energy objects orbiting the black hole horizon .
Then , by examining the properties of this geometry far from the horizon , they argue that any quantum theory of gravity in this space must have the two - dimensional conformal group as its symmetry .
Two - dimensional conformal invariance is an infinite dimensional symmetry group , and , as such , is very powerful and constraining .
Assuming that it is realized in a unitary way , Guica et al .
use the symmetry to obtain a key result : they immediately count the microstates of the extreme Kerr black hole , explaining its entropy .
Further , it has been shown that quantum amplitudes for scattering of particles off the near - extreme Kerr black hole are also organized by the two - dimensional conformal group [ 11,12 ] .
Specifically , classic results for these amplitudes in the relativity literature are precisely reproduced by simply assuming that they are given by correlation functions in a two - dimensional conformal field theory .
These results constitute evidence , bolstered by older work [ 13 ] that a two - dimensional conformal theory controls the dynamics of low - energy excitations orbiting in the vicinity of extreme Kerr black holes .
Together , these works also suggest that the scattering amplitudes from a general charged , rotating black hole , not necessarily close to the extremal bound , could take the form of correlation functions in a two - dimensional field theory .
Is this a hint that the entropy and low - energy dynamics of all black holes are secretly encoded in some two - dimensional theory ?
Suggestions along these lines were made by Susskind [ 14 ] on the basis of thought experiments involving strings propagating in the presence of black holes .
The same suggestion was made from a completely different perspective by Carlip , thinking about black hole horizons as an unusual kind of boundary in a spacetime [ 15 ] .
Given the universality of the formula for black hole entropy given above , it would certainly be compelling to have a universal explanation for its form .
Thus the work of Guica et al . [ 9 ] raises a key question — are all black holes really two dimensional ?
Or , more precisely , are the entropy and thermodynamics of all black holes , including those that are astrophysically accessible , described by a two - dimensional effective theory that gives us a window into the quantum theory of gravity ?
The mayor of Kiev city , Leonid Chernovetsky .
Yesterday one of the Britain ’s most popular newspapers has published an article about such nasty thing as paedophiles .
They needed a photo to illustrate the article so they got one , probably from the online photo banks selling loyalty free photos cheap , probably by just searching for “ lie detector ” keyword .
They blured the face – well , it ’s not something where they could not not blur it , and published .
But when Russian audience got access to the article they found out that blured - faced - guy is a hero of many Russian internet lore – the mayor of the Kiev city Mr. Leonid Chernovetsky , known in Russia as Leonid - Cosmanaut for his weird behavior , manners and statements .
The screenshot of the Daily Mirror website with the article live .
After the buzz in Russian blogs has reached the editors of the newspaper the article was taken down , but it ’s copy is still available ( as of now ) at the google cache , here is the link .
An article on Russian website comparing two photos
And here is a small footage that made him Russian blog - hero :
Here is a translation :
“ … interested in that people trusted in God [ pause ] were visiting Orthodox churches [ pause ] mosques [ now longer pause ] ehhhh… [ pause again ] ehhhh… other cult ehh .. places , and for jews and for those who are into Jewish religion and ehhhh .. how do you call that ?
Errmmm … Hindru ? Hindruss … [ pause , someone trying to give him a hint ]
Huh ?
No , no . [ pause ]
… And for others .
[ another hint from someone ]
Huh ?
Yes , yes those who are into Hinduism , and are into [ pause again ] Buddhism . ”
NEUCHATEL , Switzerland — Switzerland made headlines last month after a referendum banned the building of minarets .
While the vote gained Switzerland a reputation for xenophobia , the canton of Neuchatel — one of 24 county - size states — has some of the most progressive policies towards foreigners in Europe .
Asked if she has experienced racism in Neuchatel , nurse Josiane Jemmely shrugged and smiled .
“ Once , ” she said , “ when an old couple said they refused to be touched by a black person . ”
The interesting thing is what happened next .
Cameroon - born Jemmely reported the incident to the home - nursing company she works for , which promptly sent out a sharply worded letter to every client condemning racist behavior and warning that the company would not work for racists .
Neuchatel has long been a pioneering region and was one of Switzerland ’s four cantons to vote against the banning of minarets .
Situated near the French border in a landscape of lakes , mountains and valleys , it has a population of about 170,000 , of whom 25 percent are foreigners .
Portuguese , Italians and Spaniards head a list of some 150 foreign nationalities .
The canton ’s economy centers on the watch industry and unemployment remains relatively low .
Switzerland ’s army and police are federal forces , but most other authorities are at canton level .
In the case of Neuchatel , equal rights are enshrined in the law .
As Congo - born local councilor Raoul Lembwadio said : “ People may be racist but the institutions are not . ”
And that may be a key to ensuring that different cultures live peacefully , side - by - side .
Moroccan lawyer Amina Benkais explained : “ Unlike some of my friends , I always say that I am a practicing Muslim .
I see myself as a positive image of a successful foreign woman with no conflicting loyalties . ”
Although she has dual Moroccan and French nationality , Benkais was elected to the local Socialist party .
As far as she is concerned , the public referendum on minarets was a false debate orchestrated by the right .
“ We Muslims do n’t even think minarets are important , ” she said .
Foreigners have voted in Neuchatel elections since 1849 , and in 2007 a law was passed that allowed them to stand for election at communal ( local ) level after five years ’ residency .
“ We were startled when we covered the riots in the French suburbs a few years back , ” said Chantal Tauxe , deputy editor of the weekly L’Hebdo , “ to discover that despite our stingy naturalization laws , we Swiss treat our foreigners much better than the French , even though it ’s easy to get French nationality . ”
Lembwadio is the canton ’s first black elected representative .
A big , boisterous man , he ’s Swiss now and his five children all have jobs , including a daughter who is a lawyer in nearby La Chaux - de - Fonds .
“ When I first arrived , ” he said , “ and after I ’d got used to the cold , I decided to get involved in civic life .
I would write letters to the executive council about hedges obstructing the railway tracks and things like that .
Then — with some trepidation — I stood in local elections and was elected on the Socialist Party list .
It made me feel there was a place for me in this society . ”
“ Like the whole of Europe , Switzerland is a land of immigration , and this is going to be increasingly true , ” said Pascal Mahon , a constitutional law professor at the University of Neuchatel .
Mahon helped produce Neuchatel ’s Citizenship Charter , which spells out the rules of Swiss democracy and is given to every new arrival to the canton .
But much of the credit for Neuchatel ’s forward - looking attitudes goes to indefatigable networker Thomas Facchinetti , who created and has been running the foreigners ’ office since 1990 .
“ We ’re a form of counter - power , ” he said .
“ We mediate between the political authorities and migrant associations . ”
Recent issues have involved Muslim burial rights in local cemeteries and the occupation of a public building by illegal citizens , but more often they concern less controversial issues such as holding an Italian festival in a village .
The canton has measures to facilitate integration , such as easily accessible French language courses and rules about mixed housing and openness in the job market .
Police and administrative officials are given special training , and even building managers receive lessons in multiculturalism .
Not everything is rosy in Neuchatel .
Belul Bajrami represents the Balkan community and is an international kickboxing referee .
He runs a sports center in the city of Neuchatel where young people are encouraged to channel their violence into a rule - bound sport .
A few years ago , two youths attacked a refugee center .
In response , they were sent to an anti-racism course .
Nurse Nathalie Fellrath ’s parents are from Gabon — one black , the other white .
A mother of four , Fellrath was elected to her town 's Socialist party .
“ I was born here and I feel Swiss , ” said Fellrath , “ but people are confused by the way I look .
It ’s strange to belong to a culture to which you do n’t appear to belong , but I also realize that I am a role model for many black people . ”
Fellrath , like many people of foreign descent in Neuchatel , is attached to her roots , more so perhaps than her parents .
“ I ’m curious about my African origins and I want my children to know their heritage through books , music , African meals .
These were all things we lost when my grandmother died and that I ’ve brought back . ”
This attachment to two or more countries is something the people of Neuchatel more than tolerate — they actively encourage it .
by Tom Tomorrowtwo parts under the cut .
BANGKOK 
An uproar among Muslims in Malaysia over the use of the word Allah by Christians spread over the weekend with the firebombing and vandalizing of several churches , increasing tensions at a time of political turbulence .
Arsonists struck three churches and a convent school early Sunday , and black paint was splashed on another church .
This followed the firebombing of four churches on Friday and Saturday .
No injuries were reported , and only one church , Metro Tabernacle in the capital , Kuala Lumpur , had extensive damage .
The attacks , unlike anything Malaysia has experienced before , have shaken the country , where many Muslims are angry over a Dec. 31 court ruling that overturned a government ban on the use of the word Allah to denote the Christian God .
Though that usage is common in many countries , where Arabic - and Malay - language Bibles describe Jesus as the “ son of Allah , ” many Muslims here insist that the word belongs exclusively to them and say that its use by other faiths could confuse Muslim worshipers .
The worlds most popular radio system has over 3 billion handsets in 212 countries and not even strong encryption .
Perhaps due to cold - war era laws , GSM 's security has n't received the scrutiny it deserves given its popularity .
This bothered us enough to take a look ; the results were surprising .
From the total lack of network to handset authentication , to the " Of course I 'll give you my IMSI " message , to the iPhone that really wanted to talk to us .
It all came as a surprise – stunning to see what $ 1500 of USRP can do .
Add a weak cipher trivially breakable after a few months of distributed table generation and you get the most widely deployed privacy threat on the planet .
Cloning , spoofing , man - in - the - middle , decrypting , sniffing , crashing , DoS'ing , or just plain having fun .
If you can work a BitTorrent client and a standard GNU build process then you can do it all , too .
Prepare to change the way you look at your cell phone , forever .
“ When historical relationships are taken into account , it is difficult to ascribe the house price bubble either to monetary policy or to the broader macroeconomic environment . ”
- Chairman Ben S. Bernanke , Federal Reserve
>
The buzz this morning seems to be all about Bernanke ’s speech yesterday , defending Greenspan ’s ultra - low rates , and lamenting the lack of regulation and poor supervision over mortgages :
Unfortunately , it appears to me that the Fed Chief is defending his institution and the judgment of his immediate predecessor , rather than making an honest appraisal of what went wrong .
As I have argued in this space for nearly 2 years , one cannot fix what ’s broken until there is a full understanding of what went wrong and how .
In the case of systemic failure , a proper diagnosis requires a full understanding of more than what a healthy system should look like .
It also requires recognition of all of the causative factors — what is significant , what is incidental , the elements that enabled other factors , the “ but fors ” that the crisis could not have occurred without .
What Bernanake seems to be overlooking in his exoneration of ultra-low rates was the impact they had on the world ’s Bond managers — especially pension funds , large trusts and foundations .
Subsequently , there was an enormous cascading effect of 1 % Fed Funds rate on the demand for higher yielding instruments , like securitized mortgages ( Yes , I laid all this out in the book ) .
An honest assessment of the crisis ’ causation ( and timeline ) would look something like the following :
1. Ultra low interest rates led to a scramble for yield by fund managers ; 2 . Not coincidentally , there was a massive push into subprime lending by unregulated NONBANKS who existed solely to sell these mortgages to securitizers ; 3 . Since they were writing mortgages for resale ( and held them only briefly ) these non-bank lenders collapsed their lending standards ; this allowed them to write many more mortgages ; 4 . These poorly underwritten loans — essentially junk paper — was sold to Wall Street for securitization in huge numbers .
5 . Massive ratings fraud of these securities by Fitch , Moody ’s and S&P led to a rating of this junk as TripleAAA .
6 . That investment grade rating of junk paper allowed those scrambling bond managers ( see # 1 ) to purchase higher yield paper that they would not otherwise have been able to .
7 . Increased leverage of investment houses allowed a huge securitization manufacturing process ; Some iBanks also purchased this paper in enormous numbers ; 8 . More leverage took place in the shadow derivatives market .
That allowed firms like AIG to write $ 3 trillion in derivative exposure , much of it in mortgage and credit related areas .
9 . Compensation packages in the financial sector were asymmetrical , where employees had huge upside but shareholders ( and eventually taxpayers ) had huge downside .
This ( logically ) led to increasingly aggressive and risky activity .
10 .
Once home prices began to fall , all of the above fell apart .
It became readily clear to me once I dug into the data , legislative history , market activities , etc , that there was no one single factor that caused the collapse .
Rather , an honest reading of events was that there were many , many failures occurring in a very specific order that contributed to what occurred .
Inadequate regulations and “ nonfeasance ” in enforcing existing regs were , as Chairman Bernanke asserts , a major factor .
But in the crisis timeline , the regulatory and supervisory failures came about AFTER the 1 %
Fed rates had set off a mad scramble for yields .
Had rates stayed within historical norms , the demand for higher yielding products would not have existed — at least not nearly as massively as it did with 1 % rates .
If the Fed Chief wants to avoid seeing this occur again , he needs to recognize that this was not a single factor event ; rather , this was a complex event set off by numerous factors .
The sooner we learn that , the better a grasp we will have on what actually happened . . .
I could not be more happy with what I received in the mail .
Decorated with orange envelopes on all sides , I knew the FedEx had to be from Reddit .
What I did n't know was that the anonymous Santa that messaged me today was in fact kickme444 ! =D
Thanks kickme444 .
Your gifts are awesome and I love them so much !
Merry Christmas !
I have been longing for that Karma Krunch poster for so long .
You made my holiday season !
And the Nikon lens is mine , not his gift to me .
I 'm selling my luck for karma , by the way .
Make me an offer .
DETROIT – The first - gen Honda CR - X combined sportiness with fuel economy in a package that was , and still is , an absolute blast to drive .
It 's a combination the Japanese automaker offers again in the CR - Z , a hybrid that could be called a modern incarnation of that venerable hatchback .
Honda unveiled the production version of the two - seater here at the North American International Auto Show .
It joins the Civic and Insight hybrids in Honda 's gas - electric line - up , and the company promises it will bring a measure of sexiness and sportiness to the hybrid segment when it appears in showrooms this summer .
" You do n't think ' sporty ' and ' hybrid , ' " said John Mendel , executive v.p. of sales for American Honda .
" This car challenges that convention . "
Does it ?
The Honda CR - Z , which will be built in Japan , combines a 1.5 - liter i-VTEC engine with the 10 kilowatt ( 13.4 horsepower ) motor in Honda 's Integrated Motor Assist hybrid system .
The package delivers 122 horsepower and 128 pound - feet of torque .
Those are n't stellar numbers , but then the 1.5 - liter in the first - gen CR - X topped out at 76 horsepower .
The hybrid drivetrain is mated to your choice of gearboxes .
Those inclined toward flogging the CR - Z for all it's worth can get a six - speed manual – a first in the hybrid segment .
Those who would rather set it and forget it can opt for a continuously variable transmission .
Both use paddle shifters .
Yes , a CVT with paddle shifters .
Honda says it will " increase the performance potential " by allowing the driver to " manually simulate the stepped holding pattern . "
Honda 's engineers gave the car three modes – sport , economy and normal .
Push the " sport " button on the dash and you 'll get better throttle response and a better feel to the electric steering effort .
" Econ " gives you optimal fuel economy by regulating throttle response and easing the air conditioner 's load on the engine .
" Normal " splits the difference .
The car is more aggressively styled than the Insight hybrid , and it nicely updates the styling of the second - generation CR - X .
Although smaller than the Insight , it burns more gas .
Mendel said the CR - Z will get 36 mpg in the city and 38 highway if you 're driving one with a CVT .
The manual gets 31/37 .
Hybrid fanatics and hypermilers will jump all over Honda for those figures , which are pretty weak as far as gas-electric cars go ( and pale compared to 1989 CR - X HF , which got 41/50 under the updated EPA standards ) , but Mendel said it 's good for a sporty car .
If you consider the CR - Z sporty , that is .
No word on price , but Mendel said it will cost more than the $ 19,800 Insight .
Honda expects to sell around 10,000 of them in the United States during the first year .
Photos : Chuck Squatriglia / Wired.com
See Also :
I find it appropriate that the Israeli public be notified of the emerging movement for Boycott , Divestment and Sanctions against Israel ( BDS ) , which has been growing at a breathtaking pace .
Following bewildered reports published by Yedioth Ahronoth journalist Sever Plocker , who noticed that BDS has moved from the circles of the radical western
Left to the circles of the bourgeois centre , I can add that this is now true for Israel - loving Jews as well .
Obviously , this shift is taking place against the backdrop of Israel ’s war on Gaza , waged one year ago , the publication of the Goldstone Report , and the local strain of apartheid policy nurtured by Israel , which differs from the old South African one in some aspects .
This policy has local makings and signature .
It is not only an Israeli High Court of Justice ruling to evacuate Palestinian living in the east Jerusalem neighborhood of Sheikh Jarrah from their homes , applying a “ right of return for Jews only ” rule , while Palestinians , on the other hand , are being denied this right .
It is also the denial of Palestinian rights to send Palestinian policemen to carry out a “ targeted assassination ” of Jewish terrorist Yaakov Teitel ( it should be noted that we object to all extrajudicial executions ) , while the alleged Palestinians murderers of a Jewish rabbi in Samaria can be extrajudicially executed , with the ballistic weapon examination proving their guilt being performed retroactively by the executioners , not by a court of law ( the appropriate instance in this case should be an international tribunal , since most Palestinians are sure that at least two of the three had nothing to do with the murder ) .
I am presenting these cases to illustrate the extreme inequality in our joint life , in this land , and emphasize the reasons behind the emergence of the popular global movement for solidarity with the Palestinian people .
And please do not rush to your feet , protesting and chanting : “ The whole world is against us , never mind , we shall overcome ! ” , because we shall not overcome .
The aforementioned violations of human rights are precisely the reason why many Jews all over the world have joined the BDS campaign , a key issue for those of us who are trying to prevent violence against Israel while simultaneously countering its arrogant and aggressive policies against the Palestinians living under its rule .
Necessary violence
The head of the New School ’s philosophy department ( located in NYC ) has argued that “ Violence is never justified even if it is sometimes necessary ” .
This statement lays a heavy burden of guilt on numerous resistance movements all over the world , who have been compelled to resort to violence against occupying forces .
When the children in the Palestinian village of Bilin , whose land is being grabbed by Israel in broad daylight under the pretext of “ lawful conduct ” , using heavily armed IDF soldiers , throw stones at soldiers , the village elders tell them : “ Your act of stone - throwing is totally justified resistance , but we have chosen non-violent resistance for this village , and therefore violence is unnecessary here ” .
As part of our support for this type of non-violent action in places like Bilin , and following forceful , violent IDF actions against the residents of the village , we , Israeli activists , have formulated our position in favor of BDS .
When the state quells the non-violent yet effective resistance of a right - less minority with violent unlawful means , then violent resistance to the military forces enforcing this oppression is justified .
Indeed , such resistance may not always be necessary , may not always serve the goals of the struggle , and its shortcomings may outweigh its advantages , but it is still justified in principle .
In comparison , non-violent resistance in such instances is always justified and also always necessary .
Regrettably , such resistance is not always possible .
Therefore , we must try to create the preconditions for non-violent resistance to emerge , in order to render violent resistance unnecessary .
The most provably - effective form of pressure known to us so far is BDS .
Thus , BDS action does not amount to negative , counter - productive action , as many propagandists try to portray it .
On the contrary , BDS action is a life - saving antidote to violence .
It is an action of solidarity , partnership and joint progress .
BDS action serves to preempt , in a non-violent manner , justified violent resistance aimed at attaining the same goals of justice , peace and equality .
If a critical mass of privileged Israeli citizens joins the non-violent struggle from the inside , standing shoulder to shoulder with the disenfranchised , perhaps outside pressure will no longer be necessary .
The three very basic principles of BDS are :
An immediate end of the occupation
Full equality to all Palestinian citizens of the state of Israel
Legal and moral Recognition of the Palestinian refugees ’ right of return
( Obviously , each community ’s position will be taken into consideration during the desired negotiations ) .
No right - wing lobby , not even the messianic - evangelical lobby , and no lawyer from the Alan Dershowitz school can hold back for long the global popular movement which wants to see an end to our local conflict and regional peace , according to the principles of international law , in the benefit of both peoples
Despite appearances , that bike lane
continues through the intersection .
( Photo © J. Maus )
We ’ve got more reaction and analysis on the infamous disappearing bike lane decision .
First , a quick review : Carmen Piekarski was right - hooked by a woman driving a car while biking through an intersection .
Multnomah County Judge Pro Tem Michael Zusman ruled that the person driving was not guilty of “ failure to yield to a bicyclist in a bike lane ” because the paint striping of the bike lane was not present in the intersection where the collision occurred ( therefore the victim was not “ in the bike lane ” ) .
Story continues below
advertisement
The decision has been criticized by legal experts and has left many riders concerned and confused .
“ The judge just got hung up on a very literal definition of the law .
It ’s a poor ruling in an individual case but it does n’t change the way we do business . ”
— Lt. Bryan Parman , Portland Police Bureau
Acting Captain of the Portland Police Bureau Traffic Division , Bryan Parman , addressed the issue at the City ’s Bicycle Advisory Committee meeting earlier this week .
Parman said that despite the judge ’s decision , the Police believe that bike lanes continue through intersections , whether they are actually painted there or not .
“ We all know that lanes continue through an intersection , we just do n’t lay down a bunch of criss - crossing lines because it would be confusing . ”
Parman also added that if they become aware of other judges adopting a similar logic , the Portland Police Bureau would meet with them to “ have a discussion about it . ”
In the end , Parman said , “ It ’s a bump in the road , it ’s not what we wanted to see …
The judge just got hung up on a very literal definition of the law .
It ’s a poor ruling in an individual case but it does n’t change the way we do business . ”
There was then some discussion about whether or not the ORS should be amended to clarify this issue in the future .
Michelle Poyourow from the Bicycle Transportation Alliance said the BTA Legislative Committee is currently discussing whether or not to take this on .
“ The question hinges on whether this is a one - time fluke or if this is something that will spread like a virus . ”
Front Page , Infrastructure , News , Police
disappearing bike lane case
TRENTON --
The New Jersey gay marriage proposal will be considered Monday by a Senate committee and could be posted for a full senate vote later in the week , state Sen.
Ray Lesniak said today .
" On Monday in the Judiciary Committee , we 're going to vote on marriage equality , " Lesniak ( D - Union ) said , while making the announcement to a crowd of gay marriage supporters on the Statehouse steps today .
" On Thursday the full Senate is going to vote on marriage equality , " said Lesniak , a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee . "
And God be willing , we 'll have 21 votes . "
Democratic officials previously said they would not put the legislation to a vote unless they had the support needed to pass it .
Senate President Richard Codey later confirmed that the full Senate will vote on the measure on Thursday .
About 650 people came here today in support of the bill 's passage .
At least a dozen same - sex marriage opponents , mainly a group of Orthodox Jews from Lakewood , held a counter protest at the Statehouse .
Both houses of the Legislature must pass the bill it before it goes to the governor .
Outgoing Gov. Jon Corzine has said he would sign it .
Incoming Gov. Chris Christie says he would veto it .
Lawmakers in New York on Wednesday rejected a same - sex marriage bill .
New Jersey currently has a civil unions law .
Same - sex marriage supporters march on statehouse
Previous coverage :
• N.Y . Senate rejects bill to legalize gay marriage
• 200 N.J. Dems press for vote on gay marriage
• N.J. voters oppose gay - marriage bill by slim margin , poll finds
• Tom Moran : New Jersey has brief chance to pass gay marriage legislation
• N.J. gay marriage debate heats up following Christie governor 's race victory
( The Associated Press contributed to this report )
Anachronox
Joint Operations : Typhoon Rising
Mirror's Edge
Giants : Citizen Kabuto
American McGee's Scrapland
Scribblenauts
The Warriors
Arcanum : Of Steamworks and Magick Obscura
Vampire : The Masquerade - Bloodlines
Way of the Samurai
S.T.A.L.K.E.R. : Shadow of Chernobyl
MadWorld
The best games are never forgotten .
Even if they sell poorly , they live on because gamers and critics can't stop talking about them .
What about the next - best games , though ?
With hundreds of new titles being released each year , the low - selling games that are n't showered with awards are in danger of being swept under the rug .
Here 's a list of a few games that never got their moment in the sun .
Obviously this is n't an exhaustive account of every good game that 's gotten the shaft .
There was a half dozen or so major game systems this decade and I 'm not going to pretend like I 've played every game for each .
I suspect all of you have found some gems in the bargain bin though so I 'd love to hear your picks .
Or you could just swear at me for forgetting a game - that works , too .
Ion Storm Dallas will be forever known as the studio that created the mega - flopbut few remember the next game they developed : .
The Quake II - powered role - playing game 's combat system was inspired by Japanese console RPG 's likebut the story felt like .
Some of the characters you recruited over the course of the game included a foul - mouthed robot , an over - the - hill super hero , and a miniaturized planet .
It 's no exaggeration to say that this was one of the funniest games of all time .
Some games go unnoticed not because they 're bad but because they have the misfortune of being overshadowed by a similar product with a higher profile .
Such was the case with , a multiplayer shooter set in the jungles of the Phillipines that was released a few months after .
The few that opted forfound a deep multiplayer game with a wide range of equipment , vehicles , and gameplay modes ( including co-op missions ) .
It supported matches of up to 150 players , an impressive player count even half a decade later .
Releasing a game on the same day as the newestis pretty stupid , especially if said game is a new IP and as atypical as .
Still , deserved more attention than it got .
Its main gameplay twist - platforming in first - person perspective - was well - executed and gave an almost unprecedented level of physical immersion to the player .
It 's also one of the few games set in a futuristic dystopia that does n't look exactly like fucking - that 's gotta count for something .
It 's not a perfect game but it 's one whose flaws are extremely fixable .
Fortunately , EA 's stated that they 're going to make a sequel .
Let 's just hope they do n't release it in the beginning of November .
is essentially three games in one .
Throughout the single - player campaign ( and in multiplayer matches ) , you 'll play three different species : heavily armed grunts with jet packs ( Meccaryns ) , aquatic witches ( Sea Reapers ) , and a giant cannibalistic monster ( Kabuto ) .
Though primarily an action game , had real - time strategy elements as well ; players built up bases and used them to unlock additional weapons / spells .
The diversity of gameplay and well - executed humor should 've made this game a classic in spite of some technical difficulties .
Pretty much every other list of underappreciated games on the Internet mentions .
I agree that it deserved a lot more love than it received and eagerly await its sequel but instead of retreading what everyone else has said about , I 'd rather discuss a similar game that even less people have heard of .
In , players control D - Tritus , a robot journalist investigating a series of murders in Chimera .
He infiltrates high security areas by turning himself into different types of robots with unique abilities and avoiding security droids who can see through his disguise .
To navigate the massive city , D - Tritus flies a variety of ships which he can upgrade with better parts and weapons to help him in dogfights and races .
also features a full multiplayer component with team deathmatch and capture the flag modes but finding someone to play with was tough , even when the game first hit stores .
did n't fit into a traditional genre so it never really caught on .
5th
Cell must 've gotten their share of weird looks from potential publishers when they pitched .
A puzzle game that allows you to summon any imaginable object sounds absurdly ambitious .
The final product was exactly as stated , though .
I 'll admit that the controls were a bit shaky but the other main complaint of critics - that you can solve most puzzles just by using a small set of objects over and over - is baffling .
Grinding your way through the game 's levels with the same old solutions over and over just misses the point .
The thrill is in dreaming up bizarre solutions and making them work .
When a cat is stuck in a tree , you could just spawn a ladder , climb up , and grab her - but why not scare the cat out of the tree by summoning a kraken ? gives you the means to make your own fun .
Usually when a studio makes a game based on a film , it 's released to stores just as the movie is hitting theaters .
It usually sucks , too .
Rockstar bucked tradition with , creating a kick - ass brawler based on a film over a quarter century old .
While the last part of the game mirrors the plot of the film , the bulk of it is an all - new prequel story .
You control The Warriors as they battle for dominance on the streets of New York .
The deep combat system features three different fighting styles and eventually you 're able to command other gangmembers during battles as well .
Graffiti and robbery minigames and head - to - head multiplayer modes are just further proof that this was n't just some limp piece of nostalgia .
was the first game to be released by Troika Games , a studio founded by formerdesigners from Interplay .
It would n't be a stretch to calla spiritual successor to the first twogames .
It 's an open - ended , isometric RPG with turn - based combat and skill - based progression .
The biggest difference between this game and , its setting , was perhaps its biggest strength .is set in a Tolkein - style fantasy realm that has been torn apart by an industrial revolution .
The numerous conflicts between technology and magic offer scores of interesting quests .
The attempt at real - time combat ( optional , thankfully ) did n't work well and the graphics were a bit dated by that point but nonetheless , it 's a solid PC RPG that deserves a place on your shelf next toandWhile we 're on the subject of Troika , it 's worth noting their final project , .
Despite full 3D graphics and the use of a popular license , actually managed to sell less than .
It 's too bad because it 's the more ambitious and impressive of the two .
It successfully fuses first - person shooter and third - person hack - and - slash with a full - blown RPG , years beforeorwere released .
True to the pen-and - paper version ofallows you to choose your character 's skills as well as their clan , the latter of which determines what magic you 'll have access to and how you 'll be perceived by the word .
The Nosferatu , for example , are hideous beasts who must stick to the sewers to avoid drawing attention .
Though bug - ridden when it shipped , the game has gotten considerably more polished over the years thanks to community patches .
I 'd like to think it would 've sold a lot better if it were less broken when it shipped ... and if it had n't been released a week afterand a week before .
Or on the same day asMost games are meant to be played once .
A small handful are meant to be played a couple times .
Sword - fighting game , however , is meant to be played over and over and over .
It 's a shorter game than most but it makes up for that with its numerous plot branches .
The player is a wandering samurai who is caught between three factions battling for control of Rokkotsu Pass .
Your actions determine which of these groups will ultimately prevail .
You 'll have to play it through at least seven times to experience all the different battles and endings .
Some games pay lip service to player choice but it's the main driving force in When playing through , I took a lot of " oh shit " breaks - moments where I 'd have to pause and just take a breath because the game just made me jump out of my skin . , an open - shooter set in the wasteland formed by a second accident at Chernobyl power plant , knows how to push your buttons .
Traveling a countryside filled with mercenaries and rabid creatures intent on killing you is stressful enough but it's not nearly as bad as the forays into abandoned factories and research facilities .
Mutants with telekinetic powers and invisibility await you in the dark corners and will make you lose your shit on several occasions .
The realistic weapon recoil , limited backpack space , weapon decay and fatigue mechanics are all slightly annoying but are necessary to keep you grounded .
The shooter genre 's filled with Rambo wannabes and heavily armored space marines butmade you feel very human and very vulnerable .
If someone tells you that an upcoming Wii title is going to make the console a destination for mature gamers , take them to Gamestop and point at the unsold stacks of .
People expected a revolution out of this gory beat 'em up and it only managed to sell 60 K copies in its first month on the shelves .
While it 's a gory game , there 's more to the game than just over - the - top executions .
The comic book - style graphics , visceral combat , and deft story penned by designer Yasumi Matsuno ( ) would 've been enough to make this a hit on any other console .
Chuck Baldwin
December 2 , 2009
By now , most readers are familiar with the story of how a Virginia couple , Michaele and Tareq Salahi , crashed the White House State Dinner last Tuesday evening .
President and Mrs. Obama were entertaining Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in the first official State Dinner of the new administration .
The Salahis were not on the invited guest list , but were still allowed to walk right into the White House .
They even had face - to - face conversations with both President Obama and Vice President Joe Biden .
Photographs of the Salahis with the President and Vice President have been published in numerous newspapers and on hundreds of web sites .
Michaele and Tareq Salahi meet Obama .
I wonder if the American people are thinking this episode through ?
Think of it : in the post - 9/11 world , a world that has invented the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) , the Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) , body scanners , retina readers , the Patriot Act , hundreds of laws and regulations restricting the freedoms and liberties of the American people , thousands of cameras photographing our public movements , and satellite spy devices , a couple can walk right into the White House and meet the President and Vice President without being invited !
Is there something wrong with this picture , or what ?
I well remember what I had to go through when I was an invited guest of then - Vice President George H. W. Bush at the White House .
My wife and I joined several others for a luncheon with Vice President Bush and his wife , Barbara .
Later that day , we were in a crowd of several hundred who got to meet President Ronald Reagan .
Needless to say , security was tight .
Upon arriving , we had to show the proper credentials to White House security , along with a photo ID and the personal invitation that had been sent to us ahead of time .
I remember how some of the folks who had actually received invitations were denied entrance due to bureaucratic mix-ups or unintentional lapses in proper protocols .
And these were people who really did have an invitation to be there .
I can tell you this : there was absolutely no way that an uninvited person could have gained access to the White House that day .
And remember : that was nearly two decades BEFORE 9/11 !
That an uninvited couple could be granted access to the President and Vice President in this day and time is more than a “ fluke . ”
It betrays something much deeper .
For the last 8 years , the American people have been told they must sacrifice certain liberties in order that the federal government might protect them .
And for the most part , the American people have been happy to accommodate this incessant intrusion into their personal liberties .
They know the feds are monitoring their emails , personal phone conversations , and even their personal letters when received from overseas .
They have sat silently as their banking institutions have monitored and reported virtually any and all financial transactions to the federal government .
In today ’s super - security world , one cannot even cash a check without showing the bank teller his or her driver ’s license , which is recorded and made available to the feds .
Sometimes , we are even required to provide our thumbprints .
Beyond that , even certain service personnel that must come into our homes to provide in - home repair services , home inspections , or general services are often required to report what they see to various law enforcement authorities .
All of this is done in the name of “ national security . ”
[ efoods ]
All the while , America ’s federal buildings today more resemble castles of ancient Europe than they do buildings that house the people ’s servants .
Concrete barriers along with super - reinforced , “ bomb proof ” structures remind one of castles of old , with their guard towers and crocodile - filled moats .
Today , people must walk through metal - detectors and surrender their pocketknives to even visit their local supervisor of elections office ( or just about any other public office , for that matter ) .
Again , this is all done under the rubric of “ homeland security . ”
In the name of “ national security , ” veterans who have been accused of some kind of domestic disturbance or who have affirmatively answered an ambiguous question on a VA form regarding whether they have feelings of “ anger ” or “ depression ” are having their right to keep and bear arms stripped away .
That ’s right , in the name of “ homeland security , ” some of the very men who were entrusted with lethal weapons to fight America ’s wars are now being told they are not fit to purchase or possess their own firearms .
Yet , in spite of all of the above , an uninvited couple is allowed to calmly walk right past Secret Service personnel and have personal audiences with the President and Vice President of the United States in what is ostensibly the most heavily - guarded , tightly secured building in the country : the White House .
Furthermore , this story comes on the heels of the mass shooting on what one would think would be a rather secure location : the US Army base at Fort Hood , Texas .
And , have we forgotten the fellow who brought a gun into the Capitol Building ( the home of the US Congress ) in Washington , D.C. , a few years ago and killed two police officers ?
Dear Reader , ask yourself this question , Do you really think those schmucks in Washington , D.C. , actually believe that protecting you and me is more important than protecting American soldiers , US congressmen , and especially the President of the United States ?
“ Are you serious ? ” ( To quote Nancy Pelosi . )
The truth is , to the elites in DC , you and I are expendable commodities .
In fact , to some of the soulless creatures running things , you and I are worth more dead than alive ( but that ’s a topic better discussed at a later date ) .
The point is , all this talk about “ national security ” is simply a ruse for Big Government elitists to steal our liberties and make slaves out of us .
They do n’t care about security ; all they care about is POWER .
So , the next time you are required to be strip - searched by an airport screener , or to surrender your pocketknife at your local county commissioner ’s office , or to show your driver ’s license to your bank teller , or to submit to a random police checkpoint ; the next time you make a phone call that you know is monitored by a federal agent ( and they all are ) , or drive under a video camera , or visit these castle - esque federal buildings , remember Michaele and Tareq Salahi .
And , if you are old enough , remember the time in America when we really were the “ land of the free . ”
And also remember that it ’s not security they seek –it ’s the abolition of our liberty .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Disillusionment in Ukraine The Sad End of the Orange Revolution
Ukraine is about to hold its first presidential elections since the popular uprising in 2004 that overturned a fraudulent vote .
But what has become of the Orange Revolution , now that its leaders have fallen from grace and the population is craving a strong leader ?
SHOPIAN , Kashmir 
The case had all the hallmarks of a grisly and politically explosive crime , and it plunged the volatile Kashmir Valley into months of violent protests and political turmoil .
Two young women were found dead in May in a stream flanked by military and police camps , and doctors who performed autopsies said that they had been raped and murdered .
But evidence from a new and more complete pair of autopsies and three months of intensive investigation by India ’s top police agency have added surprising power to arguments that the women did in fact drown , as the Kashmiri authorities initially announced , in a normally placid stream swollen dangerously with glacial runoff .
The initial charges of rape and murder fueled rage at the hundreds of thousands of security forces whom India deploys here in what many Kashmiris see as an occupation .
Four members of the Kashmiri police force , which works closely with the Indian authorities , were arrested .
Ratn Sanjay , who led the Central Bureau of Investigation ’s inquiry into the deaths , said that when his team began its work in September at the request of the state government , the assumption was that the women had been raped and murdered .
But that eroded rapidly as investigators discovered discrepancies between several autopsy reports prepared the day the women ’s bodies were found , including mislabeled tissue .
Mr Choudary said he wanted to draw attention to Afghanistan 's " occupation "
The home secretary has said he will back any request from police or local government to ban an Islamist group marching through Wootton Bassett .
Alan Johnson said he felt " revulsion " at the thought of Islam4UK 's proposed march through the Wiltshire town .
Wootton Bassett has become famous for its repatriation ceremonies for fallen British service personnel .
Islam4UK says it wants to parade empty coffins through the town to draw attention to Afghan war casualties .
Mr Johnson said : " The idea that anyone would stage this kind of demonstration in Wootton Bassett fills me with revulsion .
" I find it particularly offensive that the town , which has acted in such a moving and dignified way in paying tribute to our troops who have made the ultimate sacrifice for their country , should be targeted in this manner . "
We are going to do our utmost to make sure that this march does n't go ahead
Councillor Steve Bucknell
Mayor of Wootton Bassett
He added : " If the Wiltshire Police and local authority feel that a procession of this kind has the potential to cause public disorder and seek my consent to a banning order , then I would have no hesitation in supporting that request . "
Islam4UK , which has been linked to the radical al - Muhajiroun movement , said the town was chosen to create maximum publicity .
Spokesman Anjem Choudary said : " We are having a procession , it 's in Wootton Bassett but it 's not about the people there and it's not against them personally - rather it's to highlight the real cost of war in Afghanistan .
" The sad reality of the situation is that if I were to hold it somewhere else it would not have the media attention that it has now .
" If I am to balance between the sensitivity of having it in Wootton Bassett and the possibility of continuing the quagmire and cycle of death in Afghanistan , then quite honestly I 'm going to balance in favour of the latter . "
' Dangerous and divisive ' Wiltshire Police said it had not received an application from any group to hold a march in the town .
Marches and demonstrations can be banned if police believe they are likely to endanger public order .
People in the town have lined the streets for the repatriation processions Earlier , Gordon Brown , David Cameron and the town 's MP James Gray all condemned the group 's plans .
North Wiltshire MP
Mr Gray told BBC Radio 5 live : " Fine Mr Choudary , say what you want , I detest what you say , but please , please do n't come to Wootton Bassett . "
Social Cohesion Minister Shahid Malik added : " Anjem Choudary rightly has a reputation as a dangerous and divisive figure in the UK , however , he does not speak for Muslims in the UK . "
Wootton Bassett 's mayor , councillor Steve Bucknell , said the town , which has a population of just over 11,000 , was entirely inappropriate for any march , protest or demonstration which refers to Afghanistan or Iraq .
" We are going to do our utmost to make sure that this march does n't go ahead , " he said , adding that the town 's council had received dozens of e-mails and phone calls from people concerned with the issue .
Locals have turned out to honour the corteges of more than 100 service personnel killed in Iraq and Afghanistan , as they made their way from nearby RAF Lyneham to a morgue in Oxford .
Islam4UK said its march would not coincide with a repatriation ceremony .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NASA documentary of the near - fatal Apollo 13 mission in 1972 .
Includes the onboard explosion and efforts by the ground crew and flight crew to troubleshoot the malfuction and design and implement contingency procedures to bring the crippled spacecraft home .
NASA Film HQ - 200
plus -circle Add Review
comment Reviews
Reviewer : Jilly9 - - February 17 , 2012
Subject : better print
http://www.archive.org/details/gov.archives.arc.1155023
There is a better quality print from NASA in FedFlix here at Archive.org Jilly9 -- February 17 , 2012 better print
Reviewer : JesusIsLord63 - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - September 20 , 2008
Subject : Awesome Vid Thank You Jesus for bringing them home safe !
America is the greatest !
The prayer is what made this video great !
Thank God for the fighting soldiers who have brought freedom of speech to this country !
- September 20 , 2008 Awesome Vid
Reviewer : emery72 - favorite favorite favorite favorite - April 19 , 2008
Subject : quite good Quite a good little film .
Ron Howard 's version had quite a few factual errors , and this film clears some of them up .
The music was absolutely awful , and as someone who is mostly interested in the technical side of things , I found the prayer parts to be highly annoying .
If there would n't have been any music or prayer , I would have given it 5 stars .
- April 19 , 2008 quite good
Hands up who 's in the mood for a female - led , sci - fi film noir involving supernatural powers , medieval conspiracy , metaphysical questions of free will and complicated theories of simultaneous multiple existences .
Everyone ?
Let 's take that as a yes .
For it 's time for the revival of the private dick genre !
Here 's Yesterday Was a Lie .
But this time , the hard - drinking , cynical detective with the gravelly voiceover happens to be a stunning blonde .
A bit of a novelty .
And what 's her case ?
" A book !
That has n't been seen since the second world war ! " says a breathless voice .
Its relatively strong placement in the trailer suggests this is important .
Its lettering suggests it 's German .
Was it hidden away from evil Nazi searches ?
Or hidden by evil Nazi types , in case of searches ?
Whichever , it does suggest a longstanding conspiracy and / or mystery .
But how longstanding is longstanding ?
Very longstanding indeed .
Because , although this film may be shot entirely in black and white , everyone 's using spanking new Macs .
It 's just in black and white because … actually , I 'm still not sure .
Hopefully we 'll work that out later .
But it 's so easy to get distracted by the plot points that crop up every two seconds or so .
" I keep coming across this term in the case I 'm investigating .
Fenestra Aeternitatis , " remarks the blonde hottie .
And it's at this point , as it all looks like it might get a little bit Dan Brown , that we start to get a bit worried .
Independent female private detective we could go with .
Independent private detective using modern technology but classic photography – that was fine , too , once you 'd got your head round it .
But add more implausibles ?
Hidden Third Reich manuals ?
Creepy religious paintings ?
Batty riddles ?
That 's not the worst of it .
Two - thirds of the way through , people suddenly start banging on about alternate realities , the ability to recognise other lifetimes and live them through dream states .
And it 's around then you start to suspect they may just have piled too much into one film .
Particularly one in which they 've only been able to afford a single light source .
Yep , it 's true to the genre .
But there 's something odd about the idea of people who can afford iMacs and fancy hats , but can only splash out on one light and a room the size and shape of a letterbox .
Effective – yes .
Logical – not so much .
But then , you can hear the trailer - makers thinking , if this whole thing was n't logical , it might be a more attractive trailer .
It 's actually quite good at the start , when you think it 's about a foxy private detective meeting up with similars ( also blonde and stunning , and wet from rain ) .
But at that point there were only three genres jostling for space , not eight billion .
Blonde with gun .
In hat , or not in hat .
That 's how they should have trailed this film .
Stripped down , de-plotted , going big on the visuals and small on the detail .
Like that , Yesterday Was a Lie could have had me .
As it turned out , Yesterday Was Confusing .
In fact , Yesterday Was Way Too Much .
And Tomorrow ( whenever that may be ) will be Me Going to See a Different Film .
Dear Clients and Friends ,
I wanted to take this opportunity to reach out to you and to let to you know that during this difficult and uncertain time in our world , my firm , The Law Offices of Rodger C. Daley and Associates , remains open for business and here for all of your legal needs .
Rest assured , there will always be at least two or more attorneys and two or more paralegals available at any given time , and the phones will always be answered during normal business hours .
I understand the additional anxiety and stress that you are no doubt experiencing due to the widespread coronavirus and due to the corresponding restrictions which have been placed on all of us , but I want to be sure that you know that our firm will be here for you if you need us during this challenging time period .
Please do n’t hesitate to contact me if I can be of assistance to you .
In the meantime , please stay healthy and safe .
Sincerely ,
Rodger Daley
European Pipe Dreams Meet Chinese Pipelines
Europe ’s disorganized approach to energy security once again threatens to leave its citizens out in the cold .
After Russia and Belarus failed to agree on tariff rates for crude oil exports when the previous agreement expired on New Year ’s Eve , Russia briefly cut off oil supplies to its smaller neighbor .
This left Western Europe , which relies on Belarus to re-export much of its oil supply , facing the possibility of energy disruptions in the dead of winter .
This dispute is just the latest example of how Europe is paying the price for its unwillingness to invest in new energy sources .
In mid-December , Chinese President Hu Jintao inaugurated a new gas pipeline between Turkmenistan and Xinjiang , China ’s restive western province .
Europeans took surprisingly little notice of the event — but they should have .
Since the 2006 death of Turkmenistan ’s isolationist dictator , Saparmurat Niyazov , Western policymakers have increasingly pinned their hopes on the country ’s vast energy reserves as a way to break the European Union ’s alarming dependence on Russia .
One year after the latest Russia - Ukraine energy dispute halted the flow of gas to countries across Europe , however , the European Union has taken surprisingly few concrete steps to diversify its energy imports .
Meanwhile , strategic competitors like China are thinking bigger , acting bolder , and investing in places like Turkmenistan on a vastly greater scale .
If Europe continues to dither , it might soon find that China has gained a decisive advantage in Central Asia .
In the immediate aftermath of the 2009 Russian gas crisis , European Commission President José Manuel Barroso promised a " coordinated response " to Europe ’s energy woes .
Since that time , the European Union has done precisely the opposite .
It has created a patchwork of disjointed national regulations , increasing the potential for ever - escalating Russian influence in the energy sphere and severely limiting the European Commission ’s ability to protect consumers from aggressive monopolies like Gazprom .
When Surgutneftegas , an obscure Russian oil company with a murky ownership structure , attempted to purchase a controlling stake in Hungary ’s MOL — one of Central Europe ’s largest energy companies — for $ 1.8 billion , Brussels let the Hungarian government fend for itself .
Similar scenarios have played out across the continent .
European regulators may relish fighting American technology companies like Microsoft , but they have failed to fully protect EU citizens from invasive foreign energy monopolies .
Nevertheless , it is not all bad news for European energy security .
For example , the Kremlin recently agreed to notify the European Union before it halted energy supplies in the future , and partners in the high - profile Nabucco pipeline — an alternative to Russia ’s gas monopoly in Central Europe — have signed an intergovernmental agreement establishing common rules for the project .
This was an important milestone for Nabucco , yet the final goal of reliable , long - term natural gas supplies remains elusive .
Recently , Iraq has emerged as one potential supplier for Nabucco .
However , this development only highlights the daunting commercial and political challenges facing the European Union .
A European energy security plan that relies on war - torn and crisis - ridden Iraq for supplies does not appear particularly secure at all .
In the meantime , China has quietly developed a multi- pronged investment strategy in Central Asia ’s energy patch , becoming the second - largest market for East Caspian gas exports behind Russia .
Since 2008 , China has agreed to provide $ 17.9 billion in new loans and strategic investments in exchange for access to massive energy reserves in Turkmenistan and Kazakhstan .
When it reaches full capacity in 2013 , the pipeline that Hu inaugurated last month will transport 40 billion cubic meters of natural gas a year — almost twice the projected capacity of the Nabucco project , which remains on the drawing board .
The mantra " happiness is multiple pipelines " has long been repeated by U.S. policymakers in support of European energy security , but officials may want to revise this principle .
Central Asian pipelines are indeed proliferating , but the newest ones will be traveling east .
Unless Europeans are prepared to match the Chinese dollar for dollar ( or rather , euro for yuan ) , EU policymakers need to develop alternatives to provide their citizens with meaningful energy security .
As of now , Europe still has a number of viable strategic options .
The European Union needs to tackle its energy problems as a collective , instead of a haphazard collection of individual states only looking out for their short - term interest .
Europe should develop an approach modeled off NATO ’s collective security pact , where members — potentially including the United States — would agree to share reserves and help each other in the event of a future energy disruption .
Nowhere is this more necessary than in Central Europe , which is most dependent on Russia .
Brussels has provided countries with a variety of regulatory options , and Central European governments must ensure that they synchronize their laws to provide the strongest possible protection against foreign energy monopolies and predatory behavior in the marketplace .
Finally , Europe must abandon its emphasis on pipelines and look for other options to diversify its energy supply .
Liquid natural gas transported in tanker ships , for example , would allow Central European consumers greater access to the global market for energy , forcing Russia to compete alongside producers from Qatar and Nigeria .
Barroso was correct : Europe needs a more unified response to energy .
However , rhetoric alone will not heat European homes and businesses during the next crisis .
If the European Union is going to deliver more than pipe dreams , it will have to bring its policy in line with its ambitions .
“ Mary Anne takes a look at some of the standout tracks from the year in a month by month tour of some of the best new music around .
Featured artists include Flying Lotus , Joker , Joy Orbison , Floating Points , Roska , Dam Funk , Cooly G and many more . ”
Check out my archives for other Mary Anne Hobbs radio shows and subscribe to the feed if you want to check out future shows .
Mary Anne Hobbs Experimental 2009 12 24 Highlights of 2009 [ Filesonic download ]
Tracklist :
Joker & Ginz â€ ” Purple City [ Kapsize ]
Nosaj Thing â€ ” Coat Of Arms [ Alphapup ]
Bullion â€ ” Rude Effort ( Paul White Mix ) [ One Handed Music ]
Exile â€ ” Your Summer Song ( from the LP Exile Radio ) [ Plug Research ]
Samiyam â€ ” Bricks [ Dubplate ]
Architeq â€ ” Sleeping Bear Lament ( TAKE mix ) [ Planet Mu ]
Blue Daisy â€ ” Strings Detached [ Black Acre ]
Tokimonsta â€ ” Stigmatising Sex [ Dubplate ]
FaltyDL â€ ” Mother Beam [ Planet Mu ]
Silkie vs. Mizz Beats â€ ” Purple Love ( from the LP City Limits Vol1 ) [ Deep Medi ]
Shortstuff â€ ” Stuff [ Ramp ]
Floating Points â€ ” Vacuum Boogie [ Eglo ]
sbrkt â€ ” oneweekover [ Dubplate ]
Dorian Concept â€ ” Trilingual Dance Sexperience [ Affine ]
Ramadanman & Appleblim â€ ” Justify ( Will Saul & Mike Monday remix ) [ Applepips ]
Mount Kimbie â€ ” Serged [ Hotflush ]
Jahbitat & Daniel Gutierrez â€ ” Tonada Del Tormento ( from the LP Echo Expansion ) [ Porter Records ]
Greena â€ ” Tenzado [ Applepips ]
Airhead & James Blake â€ ” Pembroke [ Dubplate ]
Dam - Funk â€ ” On & On [ Stones Throw ]
Al ’ Tourettes â€ ” Sunken [ Applepips ]
Eleven Tigers â€ ” Stable Face [ Soul Motive ]
Ikonika â€ ” Fish [ Hyperdub ]
Joy Orbison â€ ” Hyph Mngo [ Hotflush ]
Intra : Mental â€ ” Tramma [ Non Plus ]
Deadboy â€ ” If You Want Me [ Numbers ]
Rudi Zygadlo â€ ” Missa Per Brevis [ Planet Mu ]
Cooly G â€ ” Dis Boy ( Scratcha DVAâ€™s Hi Emotions mix ) [ Dubplate ]
Roska â€ ” Concrete Jungle [ Dubplate ]
Millie â€ ” Ever Since You Came Down [ Daphne ]
Flying Lotus & Jose James â€ ” Black Magic [ Dubplate ]
Help keeping the site running - Support Core News :)
Enjoying draft beer at home from your very own kegerator is always a pleasing experience .
In the haze of inebriation , though , you may find it difficult to gauge just how much beer is left in the keg .
This is where keg meters have stepped up to the plate .
Keg meters tell you how much beer is left in your kegerator 's keg .
Here we will take a look at some different models of keg meter and other beer / kegerator monitoring devices currently on the market .
The Ball and Keg system allows you to monitor the amount of beer remaining in a homebrew style Cornelius keg .
A larger float ball with an internal magnet is dropped into the keg and floats against the side wall while another smaller magnet on the outside of the keg acts as the level indicator when the two balls come together .
Very simple solution , but it works .
This does n't help those dispensing commercial Sanke style kegs unfortunately .
For that , you need to see the next system .
The Brewskey system makes sure you are never surprised by an empty keg again .
Every pour is tracked and measured with the Brewskey flow meters and can send out low beer alerts and other time - sensitive messages .
Brewskey upgrades any kegerator by adding pour tracking , user permissions , and drinking badges .
The device connects to the internet over your WiFi and uses NFC to authenticate and track every pour .
View graphs or leaderboards to see who poured , when they poured , and how much .
Every pour offers a chance to unlock a new drinking badge .
One easy way of monitoring the amount of beer left in your beer keg is the use of a keg scale .
Most large mail scales can be used for this purpose - just zero the scale at the weight of an empty keg - then you have a mechanical gauge which tells you how full your keg is , and at the lowest cost to you .
If you know you will compulsively check your keg meter every five minutes , the scale will not be the best choice , as your beer may foam from temperature changes .
But if you have a little knowledge of electronics , you can acquire a digital scale and extend the wiring to the LED display or from the pressure sensor and mount the LED where it can be read from the outside of the kegerator .
For commercial purposes , there is a device called the Keg Level Checker Tool .
This device uses a gravity and weight based measurement to monitor the amount of beer left in a standard U.S. keg .
This tools looks to be durable and long lasting , as well as easy to use , but clearly fit for commercial beer dispensing and not for the home bar owner .
We can see that there are many options for monitoring the beer in your kegerator .
Depending on your budget , and what perks you are looking for , you can easily install a keg monitoring system into your own home built kegerator or your factory produced kegerator .
By Eric Toussaint and Sophie Perchellet , [ 1 ] Translated by Francesca Denley in collaboration with
Marie Lagatta
Haiti was partially destroyed by an earthquake measuring 7 on the Richter scale .
We have all shed tears and the media , as it bombards us with apocalyptic images , reports on generous financial pledges various states have made .
Haiti needs to be rebuilt .
But most mainstream comments fail to look beyond the terrible earthquake .
While we are told that Haiti is one of the poorest countries in the world , no explanations of why that is so are provided .
We are led to believe that poverty just happened , that it is a situation beyond remedy , that Haiti is an " accursed land ” .
There is no doubt that this natural disaster has led to considerable and unforeseeable material and human damage .
Emergency aid is therefore urgently needed and everyone can agree on this point .
However , this earthquake was not the root cause of Haiti 's poverty and squalor .
This country needs to be rebuilt because it has been stripped of its means to rebuild itself .
Haiti is neither a free nor a sovereign country .
In recent years , its domestic policy choices have been made by a government constantly under pressure and under orders coming from outside the country and by manoeuvres carried out by the local elites .
There are few political or media commentators who note Haiti 's independence gained in 1804 , after a hard - fought struggle against Napoleon ’s French armies .
Rather than focusing on their fight for human rights , the traits attributed to Haitians are those of savagery and violence .
Eduardo Galeano talks about “ the white curse ” : “ At the border where the Dominican Republic ends and Haiti begins , there is a large sign with the following warning :
The bad path .
On the other side , it is black hell .
Blood and hunger , poverty , plagues [ 2 ] . ”
It is therefore necessary to look back at the struggle for emancipation waged by the Haitian population , because in retaliation against this revolution , which was both anti-slavery and anti-colonial in nature , the country inherited the ransom France demanded for independence , amounting to 150 million francs ( that is , France ’s annual budget at the time ) .
In 1825 , France decided that " the current inhabitants of the French part of Santo Domingo will pay into France ’s Federal deposit and consignment offices , the sum of one hundred and fifty million francs , to be paid in five instalments , year after year , with the first term due 31 December 1825 .
The money will be used to compensate the former colonists who will demand compensation . [ 3 ] ”
That is equivalent to approximately $ 21 billion today .
From the outset Haiti had to pay a very high price .
Debt became the neocolonial instrument used to maintain access to this country ’s many natural resources .
The payment of this ransom is therefore the founding element of the Haitian state .
In legal terms , this means that it was contracted by a despotic regime and this contract was used against the interests of the people .
First France , then the United States , whose sphere of influence expanded to Haiti from 1915 , are entirely responsible for this .
Now , whilst it would have been possible to face up to their painful responsibilities of the past in 2004 , the Régis Debray Commission [ 4 ] report preferred to scrap the idea of repaying this sum on the pretext that it was “ legally unfounded ” and that this action would open a “ Pandora ’s box ” .
The Haitian government ’s request was rejected by France : no compensation was warranted .
Moreover , France does not recognise the role it played in the shameful present it gave to the dictator - in - exile “ Baby Doc ” Duvalier , by granting him political refugee status and , thus , immunity .
" Papa Doc " Duvalier 's rule began with the help of the United States in 1957 : the Duvalier dictatorship lasted until 1986 , when son , “ Baby Doc ” , was thrown out by a popular uprising .
The violent dictatorship , broadly supported by Western countries , ravaged the country for almost 30 years .
It was marked by an exponential growth in Haiti 's debt .
Between 1957 and 1986 , foreign debt had multiplied 17.5 times .
At the time Duvalier fled , it amounted to $ 750 million .
It then rose , through interest and penalties , to more than $ 1884 million [ 5 ] .
This debt , far from serving the interests of the impoverished population , was actually aimed at enriching the ruling regime : it is therefore in legal terms an " odious debt " .
A recent inquiry reveals that the Duvalier family ’s personal wealth ( well protected by their Western bank accounts ) amounted to $ 900 million , or in other words , a greater sum than the total debt of the country at the time “ Baby Doc ” fled .
A trial is currently taking place before the Swiss courts for the restitution of goods and assets to the state of Haiti , embezzled during the Duvalier dictatorship .
For the moment , these assets remain frozen by the Swiss bank UBS , which has put forward unacceptable conditions for the restitution of these funds . [ 6 ] .
Jean -Baptiste Aristide , by contrast , was enthusiastically elected by the people of Haiti , however he was soon accused of corruption , before being put back in office as a United States puppet and finally ousted by the US army .
So Aristide , unfortunately , is not innocent in relation to debt and embezzlement of funds .
Furthermore , according to the World Bank , between 1995 and 2001 , the debt service , that is to say capital and the reimbursed interests , had reached the considerable sum of $ 321 million .
All current financial aid announced following the earthquake is already lost to the debt repayment !
According to the latest estimates , more 80 % of Haiti ’s foreign debt is with the World Bank and the Inter - American Development Bank ( IBD ) , with up to 40 % each .
Under these institutions ' instructions , the Haitian government applied “ structural adjustment plans ” , now disguised as “ Poverty Reduction Strategy Papers ” ( PRSP ) .
In exchange for contracting more loans , Haiti has been given some insignificant debt relief or cancellations , which cast the creditors in a positive light .
The Highly Indebted Poor Countries initiative ( HIPC ) , for which Haiti was accepted , is a typical odious - debt laundering manoeuvre , as was the case with the Democratic Republic of Congo [ 7 ] .
Odious debt is replaced by new , so - called legitimate , loans .
The Committee for the Abolition of Third World Debt ( CADTM ) views these new loans as a key part of Haiti 's odious debt , as they are used to pay off the old debt .
The offence continues to be committed .
In 2006 , when the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) , the World Bank and the Paris Club accepted that the HIPC initiative would include Haiti , the whole stock of public foreign debt totalled $ 1337 million .
At the time of completion of the initiative ( in June 2009 ) , the debt totalled $ 1884 million .
The cancellation of a debt totalling $ 1200 million dollars was decided so as to “ make the debt bearable ” .
Meanwhile , the structural adjustment plans wreaked havoc , especially in the agricultural sector , the effects of which reached its peak at the time of the 2008 food crisis .
Haitian peasant farming suffered from US agricultural goods dumping .
“ The macro-economic policies supported by Washington , the UN , the IMF and the World Bank do not concern themselves at all with the need to develop and protect domestic markets .
The only concern of their policies is to produce at the lowest price for exportation on the global markets . [ 8 ] ”
It is therefore a scandal to hear the IMF say that it is “ ready to play their role with the appropriate support in these areas of competence . [ 9 ] ”
As stated in the recent international appeal , “ Haiti calls for solidarity and the respect for the sovereignty of the people ” :
Together with many Haitian organisations , over recent years we have denounced the military occupation of the country by United Nations ( UN ) troops and the impact of the domination imposed via the mechanisms of debt , free trade , the looting of its natural habitat and the invasion of transnational interests .
The vulnerability of the country to natural tragedies – provoked to a large extent by the environmental devastation , the non-existence of basic infrastructure , and the systematic weakening of the state ’s capacity to act – should not be seen as something disconnected from these policies , which have historically undermined the sovereignty of the people .
Now is the time for the governments that form part of the MINUSTAH , the UN and in particular France and the United States , the governments of Latin America , to revise this action that is contrary to the basic needs of the Haitian people .
We demand of those governments and international organisations that they substitute the military occupation with a true mission of solidarity , and that they take action to ensure the urgent cancellation of the debt that is still being collected of Haiti . [ 10 ]
There is a great risk that one of the largest relief operations in history will be similar in nature to the tsunami relief efforts in 2004 , unless a radically different approach to reconstruction is adopted .
Irrespective of the debt issue , it is feared that the aid will take the same form as that provided after the tsunami hit several Asian countries at the end of December 2004 ( Sri Lanka , Indonesia , India , Bangladesh ) and also after cyclone Jeanne hit Haiti in 2004 .
Promises were not kept and a large part of the funds were used to line the pockets of foreign and local elites .
The majority of these “ generous donations ” came from the creditor countries .
Rather than giving donations , it would be preferable that they cancel Haiti ’s debt : totally , unconditionally and immediately .
Can we really speak of donations when we know that this most of this money will either be used to repay foreign debt or to implement “ national development projects ” decided on the basis of the interests of these creditors and local elites ?
It is clear that without these immediate donations , it will not be possible to secure repayment of this debt , at least half of which corresponds to odious debt .
The major international conferences , whether G8 or G20 expanded to include the international financial institutions ( IFIs ) , will not produce any progress whatsoever in terms of Haiti ’s development , rather they will rebuild instruments to help them secure neocolonial control of the country .
Their purpose is ensuring that debt repayments continue .
In order for Haiti to rebuild itself in dignity , national sovereignty is the fundamental issue , a total and unconditional debt cancellation for Haiti must be the first step towards a more general course of action .
A new alternative development model to the IFIs and the Economic Partnership Agreements ( EPA signed in December 2009 , the Hope II Accord … ) is necessary and urgent .
The most industrialised countries , which have systematically exploited Haiti , beginning with France and the United States , must pay compensation towards a fund aimed at financing the reconstruction of the country , controlled by the Haitian people ’s organisations .
Warren also protests that my Youtube videos , which have received over 55,000 views so far , have unfairly characterized his April 17 , 2005 speech , to a crowd of of an estimated 20 - 30 thousand church members and attendees at California 's Anaheim Angels stadium , during which Warren suggested Christians should be as dedicated as the followers of Hitler , Lenin , and Mao .
Here 's my response to Rick Warren 's statement :
Warren 's statement presents a list of " Key Facts Concerning Recent Media and Blog Reports on Rick Warren 's Position on Uganda " which contains nine " questions , " written by Warren himself , with answers written by Rick Warren too .
Question # 9 is , " Are you and Peter Wagner attempting to rid the world of homosexuals ? "
Warren answers his own question : " Absolutely not . "
But who has accused Warren of such an evil plan ?
Warren 's statement also contains several blatant lies .
in one , he claims that C. Peter Wagner was n't his key advisor for Warren 's 1993 doctoral dissertation .
But the abstract of Warren 's 350 - plus page tome lists one academic figure , C. Peter Wagner , as Warren 's " mentor " for the dissertation .
As described in Group Behind Uganda Anti Homosexuality Bill Expanding North America Effort , the College of Prayer , which played a major role in inspiring and organizing members of Uganda 's parliament behind Uganda 's globally controversial Anti Homosexuality Bill , has multiple ties to C. Peter Wagner 's worldwide religious networks and is working to expand its influence in Canada 's parliament .
The lies and mendacity , in Warren 's 9 - point " facts " list in his public statement , continue to pile up :
In " fact " number three , Rick Warren writes ,
[ question ]
Are you a friend of the President of Uganda ? [ answer ]
No .
I 've never met him , and never had any kind of communications with him , or with any member of the Ugandan Parliament .
But Warren has in fact met with a top member of Uganda 's parliament , and whether Warren has met with the President of Uganda or not is irrelevant .
Rick Warren has met numerous times with Janet Museveni , wife to the president of Uganda and a top member of Uganda 's parliament .
Janet Museveni spoke at Warren 's 2005 Saddleback Church HIV / AIDS US conference and Rick Warren has also met with top ( anti-gay ) Ugandan government and religious leaders .
Warren then asks , in point ( or " fact " ) number four ,
[ question ]
Did the President of Uganda say he wanted his country to be Purpose Driven ? [ answer ]
No , he did n't .
That was said by the President of RWANDA , not Uganda , at a national rally in Rwanda in 2005 .
Years later , the Anglican Archbishop of Uganda made a similar comment so people are confusing Uganda with Rwanda , the country next to Uganda ....
But on March 29 , 2008 the publicity firm for Rick Warren 's ministry , A. Larry Ross Communications , Inc. issued a press release that directly contradicts Warren 's insinuation that he never designated Uganda as a Purpose Driven nation .
The first sentence of that release read ,
" Dr. Rick Warren , pastor of Saddleback Valley Community Church in Lake Forest , CA , this weekend launched a national Purpose Driven Living program in Uganda , a unified and focused effort to equip Ugandan leadership with practical tools to live lives of purpose in their homes , businesses , and communities . "
The release went on to describe how Warren had brought his Purpose Driven program to Uganda at the invitation of a coalition of Ugandan government , religious and business leaders .
Warren specifically traveled to Uganda for the launch of the Purpose Driven Uganda program which was to be spearheaded by Warren's P.E.A.C.E Plan .
As the A. Larry Ross press release detailed , " While in Uganda , Dr. Warren met with First Lady Janet Museveni to discuss the PEACE Plan , an aggressive and progressive vision to promote reconciliation , equip servant leaders , assist the poor , care for the sick and educate the next generation . "
That release also states that Archbishop of Uganda Henry Orombi led the initiative .
Rick Warren has long supported and associated himself with Orombi and other African Anglican bishops known for making vicious rhetorical statements that incite anti-gay hatreds .
As I described in the December 4th , 2009 Talk To Action report , Rick Warren 's Dissertation Advisor Leads Network Promoting Uganda Anti-Gay Bill ,
Lausanne III will be held in Capetown , South Africa , in May 2010 .
Henry Luke Orombi , the Anglican Archbishop of Uganda , will serve as chair of the Africa Host Committee and Rick Warren is on the Advisory Council .
Warren has supported the role of Archbishops Orombi , Peter Akinola of Nigeria , and Emmanuel Kolini of Rwanda as leaders in the GAFCON / CFA realignment of the Anglican church on the issue of homosexuality .
As reported in a March 29 , 2008 story from the AllAfrica.com news service , in March 2008 Rick Warren attended a conference of Ugandan Anglican Bishops who were protesting the Church of England 's tolerance for homosexuality .
AllAfrica , reporting on his appearance , summarized Warren 's quotes as " homosexuality is not a natural way of life and thus not a human right , " and directly quoted Warren as stating , " We shall not tolerate this aspect at all . "
Archbishop Orombi has claimed that " rich " homosexuals were " doing whatever it takes to make sure this vice penetrates Africa . "
Rwanda 's Archbishop Kolini spoke at a " peace crusade " gathering of participants from Rwanda , Uganda , Kenya , and Tanzania at which he was reported in the Rwandan News as " calling on churches in the East African region to fight against homosexuality for the good of the society . "
Rwanda was Rick Warren ’s first declared " Purpose Driven Nation " and Kolini serves on the steering committee for Warren ’s Purpose Driven / P.E.A.C.E. Plan in Rwanda and Saddleback Church ’s Rwandan HIV / AIDS HealthCare Initiative .
The International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commission has warned that " Kolini sets a dangerous tone for the discussion of homosexuality in the country , " and that threats of anti- gay legislation are increasing .
Rick Warren 's track record in Ugandan is , from the standpoint of gay rights , deplorable .
Warren has openly worked with with virulently anti-gay Ugandan religious activists such as Martin Ssempa , who has published in newspapers the names and addresses of Ugandans accused of being gay .
Warren has also associated with and supported Ugandan leaders whose venomous anti-gay statements have almost certainly helped to fuel the rising climate of anti-gay hatred in Uganda .
As one final , surrealistic touch in his 9 - point " facts " list , Rick Warren complains that his April 17th , 2005 speech at California 's Anaheim Angels stadium , in which Warren encouraged tens of thousands of followers and attendees to be as dedicated as the followers of Hitler , Lenin , and Mao , had been " grossly misrepresented . "
That criticism originated at this web site and came from this author .
My YouTube videos [ 1,2 ] showcasing Warren 's two " Hitler / Lenin / Mao " and " Hitler / Mao " public speeches have received , so far , over 55,000 views .
If you could pre-order Apple 's new tablet today , without seeing it , would you ?
Senator Ben Nelson had held up the Senate version of “ health care reform ” with objections of principle , concerning federal funding of abortion .
He jettisoned said principles in exchange for having the federal government pick up the tab for all of Nebraska ’s future Medicaid cost increases .
( Remember , “ the federal government ” = “ you . ”
That ’s your money . )
Now he appears to be vote # 60 , bought and paid for .
Nearly all of them are whores , of course , but it ’s rarely this naked and shameless .
( Think it ’s a coincidence that he ’s not up for re-election this year ? )
To be sure , there is still plenty to be hopeful about .
There is absolutely no chance of unifying the House and Senate versions of the bill between now and the first of the year , so this may yet sit on a Congresscritter or two long enough to seed real doubt about the wisdom of raising taxes by $ 500,000,000,000 over the next decade , increasing spending by more than $ 1,000,000,000,000 , and cutting Medicare by $ 470,000,000,000 but just turning around and funding another entitlement with it .
Oh , and let ’s make damned sure health insurance is something no rational person would want to purchase , and then compel its purchase .
Go have a look at what the Congressional Budget Office has to say about this monstrosity .
Or , do n’t give it another thought .
Lawmakers , ram this through , against the wishes of 6 out of 10 voters !
Pay no attention to the calendar clicking over to 2010 !
I ’m sure you ’ll have plenty of time to win them back between now and November .
You might also like :
I want to talk to you about RPG elements .
This really is becoming to mainstream video games what the iPhone is to all my mindless trend - following friends .
I 'm not sure how this particular trend got started .
A part of me wants to say Resident Evil 4 , but overall it 's creeped up so gradually I hardly noticed , like the Nazi party .
I 'm referring to the practice of acquiring " points " of some kind throughout the game , and assigning them to stats representing your abilities or equipment , gradually improving them in various ways .
And I 've lost count of recent mainstream action games that have boasted this feature .
Arkham Asylum .
Wolfenstein . Red Faction Guerrilla .
Ghostbusters .
Both Infamous and Prototype .
And of course Darkest of Days , whose RPG elements were so blatantly token that they look like the short kid wearing an over - sized leather jacket in a vain attempt to join the big boys ' club .
You can level up your skill with pistols or rifles , and that 's it .
Sadly , no option exists to level up the entire game .
I appreciate that between this and my rant on overcomplexity a few weeks back I 'm starting to sound like some kind of ageing video game Luddite .
But as weak as this argument may sound , I 'm not .
I 've got nothing against RPGs , believe me .
I 'm all about customizing my gameplay experience .
I especially like games with customizable appearances , a la Saint 's Row 2 , and I know it should n't matter but the experience is somehow greatly improved when my avatar looks like me in a dress .
My well - established antagonistic relationship with JRPGs stems largely from the fact that most JRPGs are n't RPG enough .
There is n't any role - playing - you 're always some poorly - dressed teenager who looks like a cross between David Bowie and Meg Ryan .
You have no control over their motivations , nor , often , on their stat upgrades when they level up .
So I 've got plenty of time for RPGs when I 'm in an RPG sort of mood .
Just not when I 'm in any other sort of mood .
OK , it works for some games .
Arkham Asylum uses it pretty well , leaving aside the issue of how Batman never leveled - up during his previous however - many years of crimefighting .
Every time you level up , choose a little upgrade from a list , chop chop and off you go .
But then , Arkham Asylum was keeping a lot of balls in the air .
It 's the straightforward shooters that suffer .
The weapon - upgrading systems from Wolfenstein and Darkest of Days really do n't fit in .
For starters , it 's selling the game short .
In today 's age adult gamers have busy professional lives and child gamers are all hopped up on Ritalin and sugary breakfast cereals , so first impressions are important .
And the first impression will be a game full of poorly - balanced guns made from glue and sand , with aim waver like there are hummingbirds worrying at your fingers .
Horrible weapons becoming more effective over time is kind of the exact reverse of a difficulty curve .
For main course , it forces you to invest in weapons that may become obsolete .
Resident Evil 4 pulled a very mean dick move - after spending the first chapter blowing sackfuls of zombie farmers ' stolen pocket money on upgrades for the shotgun , rifle and pistol , suddenly the merchant remembers he has some better models you can trade in for , which have to be upgraded from scratch .
So you either write off the upgrades as a loss or stick stubbornly to the inferior models , and then who 's the Luddite ?
At age 19 , Isaac Hudson drove an Army ambulance in the D - Day invasion of Normandy and the Battle of the Bulge .
He survived his nightmarish task , and was acknowledged for his service collecting dead and wounded from five separate battlefields of World War II .
Years later , he was haunted by memories of French women and children , their villages destroyed , walking aimlessly in the chaos of war .
After the war , he settled in San Francisco , built a family and was chief of outpatient services at the Veterans Administration 's Fort Miley hospital .
Even at 84 , Hudson was in the peak of health , jogged regularly and worked a security job at the Bechtel building on Beale Street .
Eight minutes into Nov. 11 , Veterans Day , Hudson was driving home from work when he was struck and killed near his home at Alemany Boulevard and Congdon Street .
On Wednesday , prosecutors said Arthur Clark Jr. , 20 , had been charged with hit - and - run and vehicular manslaughter .
Clark rammed Hudson 's 1994 Ford Escort at 50 mph , then ran , authorities said .
Clark has racked up three felony convictions just this year for weapons , drugs and evading arrest , records show .
Each time , judges allowed him to plead guilty and released him with credit for time served behind bars , despite objections from prosecutors , records show .
Clark left his DNA behind on an airbag that deployed in the 1990 Lexus he was driving when he hit Hudson , authorities said .
He was arrested for allegedly possessing marijuana for sale Nov. 20 , and last week authorities made the DNA match , prosecutors said .
Hudson 's wife , Susan , said Wednesday that it hurts too much to dwell on how he died .
Instead , she wants to remember his life .
Born March 18 , 1925 , in Memphis , Tenn. , the sixth of seven children of Will and Lovie Hudson , Isaac had survived the longest of his siblings .
After he served in World War II , Hudson came first to Los Angeles and then San Francisco , working government jobs before getting a post at Fort Miley , where the couple met .
They married in 1964 .
Susan Hudson said her husband did not speak much of his time in the war until his later years .
When he opened up , he talked about the vacant look in the eyes of the women he saw wandering the roads in France , or of collecting bodies on the beach at Normandy .
He drove ambulance No. 13 .
" People said , ' Oh man , I would n't drive that ambulance , ' " Susan Hudson said .
" But it was always a lucky number for him .
That got him through . "
Both the couple 's children were born on the 13th of the month .
Hudson spent his spare time studying .
" He always had goals for himself , and found a way to reach those goals , " his wife said .
At age 59 , he earned a bachelor 's degree from the University of San Francisco .
Three years later , he got his master 's in public administration , also from USF .
And he never really retired .
Even while he worked at Fort Miley , Hudson ran a parking lot he owned in North Beach and kept at it after leaving the hospital .
He ultimately sold the lot , but then took up security work .
He had just gotten off the 4 p.m. - to - midnight shift working security at the Bechtel building when the crash happened .
Hudson was never a flag - waver , his wife said .
He was more low key in his dedication to his country .
" When he worked for the VA , he helped veterans get their benefits , " Susan Hudson said .
" He wanted to make sure they got everything they were entitled to .
...
He believed in veterans .
He was very much for the veterans .
" He was a very good person , " his wife said .
" He would give you his last dime . "
Long backlogs of patients injured in the Haiti earthquake are building at medical clinics as aid workers warn of more deaths from untreated injuries and disease in overcrowded makeshift camps .
The warnings come as the US prepares to send 4,000 more troops to Haiti to help the relief effort .
The new contingent of soldiers and marines diverted from deployments in the Gulf and Africa will take the US presence to about 16,000 troops .
Earth - moving equipment is being used in an effort to speed up the burial of 200,000 people estimated to have died in last week 's disaster while estimates of those made homeless have leapt by a third to 2 million .
Governments around the world have so far pledged a total of nearly $ 1bn ( £ 610 m ) aid , the Associated Press estimated .
The further US support came after a strong aftershock jolted Port - au - Prince yesterday , sending people fleeing on to the streets and complicating relief efforts .
A magnitude 5.9 quake , the most powerful aftershock since the 12 ­January cataclysm , rattled ruins in the capital and sowed panic but caused no serious reported damage or casualties .
Seismologists said the epicentre was about 35 miles south - west of the city and the focus was six miles deep .
They warned of possible stronger aftershocks to come as the earth adjusted to new stresses caused by the original quake .
Greg Elder , deputy operations manager for Médecins sans Frontières in Haiti , said : " The next health risk could include outbreaks of diarrhoea , respiratory tract infections and other diseases among hundreds of thousands of Haitians living in overcrowded camps with poor or non-existent sanitation . "
About 80,000 people are thought to have been buried in mass graves so far .
Earthmovers are being used to bury 10,000 victims in a day as the grave digging continues on a hillside outside the capital .
Casualty figures from the European commission show a significant increase in the number of people believed to be homeless , up from 1.5 m yesterday .
Hundred of thousands are thought to be injured or in need of urgent aid .
The head of the World Food Programme Josette Sheeran and EU aid chief Karel De Gucht were planning to visit Haiti today to assess for themselves the scale of the catastrophe .
Meanwhile , fears of more quakes remain .
" Sometimes [ they ] die out very quickly .
In other cases they can go on for weeks , or if we 're really unlucky it could go on for months , " Bruce Pressgrave , of the US Geological Survey , told AP .
Yesterday 's dawn quake lasted about eight seconds , produced clouds of dust and sent people screaming from shelters .
One woman with a heart condition died from fright .
Others simply slept through it .
The Haitian government said it would send a response team to Petit - Goâve , near the epicentre , where seven buildings reportedly collapsed .
" We know they are going to need some help , " said the prime minister , Jean - Max Bellerive .
Combined with drizzle which has compacted debris , the tremor compounded the multiple difficulties of teams seeing survivors and corpses buried amid semi-collapsed structures .
Navy officials said yesterday that the three - ship USS Nassau amphibious ready group left port on Monday for its regular deployment but has been told to go Haiti instead for the earthquake relief effort .
The group is picking up marines in North Carolina and will include 2,000 sailors and 2,000 marines when it gets under way for Haiti .
Last week Hugo Chávez of Venezuela and Daniel Ortega of Nicaragua , both leftist presidents , accused Washington of masking imperialism as aid .
Haiti has welcomed the Americans but turned down an offer of 800 troops from the Dominican Republic , according to western diplomats because of historic tension between the neighbours .
Yesterday food , water and medical care seemed marginally more plentiful on Port - au - Prince 's streets .
" Supplies are beginning to get out to the people , " the US defence secretary , Robert Gates , said during a visit to India .
Banks are due to reopen shortly and some money transfer agencies are already functioning .
A separate criticism of the international response came from aid agencies who called for an urgent moratorium on all adoptions from Haiti , saying that taking children out of the country at present risked causing long - term damage to already vulnerable children .
Thirteen agencies working together in the UK under the umbrella of the Disasters Emergency Committee said many children apparently orphaned by the quake will have surviving relatives , and that efforts should instead be concentrated on reuniting families .
Unicef and SOS Children , the world 's largest orphan charity , also cautioned against hasty plans for large - scale adoption .
Miami's Catholic church has declared plans to fly hundreds of children to a new life in the US , while Edward Rendell , the governor of Pennsylvania , flew to Port - au - Prince to evacuate 54 orphans from the city after being told by Haiti 's ambassador to the US that his presence could cut through red tape .
A party of Dutch social workers and immigration officials landed in Haiti earlier this week to evacuate 100 children whose adoptions were already under way , while the US has waived visa requirements for Haitian children already going through the process and Canada is also fast - tracking adoptions .
Jasmine Whitbread ,
Save the Children 's chief executive , said : " The vast majority of the children currently on their own still have family members alive who will be desperate to be reunited with them and will be able to care for them with the right support .
Taking children out of the country would permanently separate thousands of children from their families – a separation that would compound the acute trauma they are already suffering and inflict long - term damage on their chances of recovery . "
Save the Children has teams in Haiti working on identifying lone children and tracing family members .
World Vision 's chief executive , Justin Byworth , said a wave of adoptions could leave children vulnerable to trafficking and abuse .
Adoptions already in progress should go ahead , argued the agencies , as long as they conformed to local and international law .
I started when Unreal had n't been released for very long .
I was browsing their tech site and found the UnrealScript reference document .
I had heard of UnrealScript of course , but did n't really know what it was .
I read the document and thought the idea of a script language was really cool .
I wanted to write my own , and link it to a game engine so that the whole world could easily create new content for my game .
Fortunately , I got a class in Compiler Construction that semester , and as a practical assignment we had to implement a VERY simple Pascal compiler .
I started working in parallel ( OK , semi- parallel ) on my own , better , compiler .
I already had a " working " version which accepted a small subset of C , but I coded it in about 2 weeks , and the internal structure was pretty awful ..
I had to completely redesign the whole thing .
I 'm sure you 've had a similar experience at some point in your life ..
So I 'm still working on this , and learning a lot about compilers while doing it .
But , let 's get to a little useful info .
First of all , I advise anyone who 's going to program a compiler to get the Dragon book .
Most of you ( especially CS students like me ) probably know this one already .
For those who do n't , I 'm talking about Compilers - Principles , Techniques and Tools by Aho , Sethi and Ullman ( ISBN 0-201-10194-7 ) .
It has a picture of a dragon on the front , hence the name " Dragon book " .
Believe me , anyone who knows anything about compilers has read this book .
The book has n't changed since 1986 ; this is because the underlying techniques of compiler design practically have n't changed since the 1960's .
Of course , this book does n't cover processor - specific optimizations , but there are other books for that .
Besides , we want to compile to bytecode , not machine code .
Second , if you 're looking for a quick overview of implementing a bytecode script language , check out this article on GamaSutra , which is a very readable story of how the Jedi Knight script language was implemented .
I 'll cover everything that 's in there too , but it 's still an interesting read .
I wrote briefly about the Congressional amicus curiae brief [ pdf ] in support of the petitioners in McDonald v. Chicago when it was submitted .
We saw a great deal of support from both sides of the political spectrum , but one signature was notable for its glaring omission : Ron Paul .
I ’d been wondering about that , and Howard Nemerov was able to get a statement from Dr. Paul ’s office :
Congressman Paul ’s DC office said he did n’t sign the brief because he believes that it interferes with state ’s rights , whose policies should n’t be dictated by the federal government .
Let ’s get a few things straight here , people .
First off , states do not have rights .
Like any other government , they have powers that are delegated to them by the people .
Only people have rights .
Second , the 14th Amendment does not conflict with the 10th , and in no way does it interfere with the agendas of individual state governments .
Some background :
The 10th Amendment has undergone a bit of a renaissance over the last year .
The Federal government has long been over - reaching with a rather loose reading of the Interstate Commerce Clause .
Though the Rehnquist Court had long been keeping abuses of the clause in check , a schism took place in the 2005 case Gonzales v. Raich .
In Gonzales , the Court ruled that the cultivation of marijuana for personal , medical use was illegal under Federal law , even if it was legal under California law .
Despite the fact that “ commerce ” was in no way involved , the Court found that the clause applied because of “ the likelihood that the high demand in the interstate market will draw such marijuana into that market . ”
In his dissent , Justice Thomas lamented ,
If the Federal Government can regulate growing a half - dozen cannabis plants for personal consumption ( not because it is interstate commerce , but because it is inextricably bound up with interstate commerce ) , then Congress ’ Article I powers — as expanded by the Necessary and Proper Clause — have no meaningful limits .
Whether Congress aims at the possession of drugs , guns , or any number of other items , it may continue to “ appropria[te ] state police powers under the guise of regulating commerce .
The Gonzales decision was closely followed by the Court ’s disastrous reading of the Takings Clause in Kelo v. City of New London .
Reaction to the Kelo verdict was swift , and a movement began to revive the ailing 10th Amendment .
I ’m very supportive of the initiatives taken thus far .
Dr. Paul deserves credit for his work in bringing attention to the issue .
I agree with many of his positions .
But I ca n’t understand how a man who calls himself a libertarian and a “ Constitutionalist ” opposes an originalist reading of the 14th Amendment .
The concern now , as it was in 1868 , is that the 14th Amendment somehow violates the principles of federalism and stands in the way of self - determination for states .
This is a stilted reading of the matter .
As the Paragon Foundation brief [ pdf ] explained :
Federalism is central to this Republic and dearly important to amicus curiae .
However , federalism is a shield for States against the federal government , not a sword for States against fundamental , individual rights .
States cannot sacrifice those rights on the altar of federalism .
p. 9
As Justice Brandeis wrote in his dissent in New State Ice Co. v. Liebmann ,
To stay experimentation in things social and economic is a grave responsibility .
Denial of the right to experiment may be fraught with serious consequences to the nation .
It is one of the happy incidents of the federal system that a single courageous state may , if its citizens choose , serve as a laboratory ; and try novel social and economic experiments without risk to the rest of the country .
The 14th and 10th Amendments can coexist gracefully .
States still have power to pursue their own economic and social policies , but by no sane interpretation can they infringe on the basic rights of citizens enumerated in the Bill of Rights .
This idea goes back to the framers .
Madison believed that the federal government was ultimately responsible for the protection of our rights , even when the states failed in that regard .
An early draft of the Bill of Rights had the passage , “ no state shall infringe the equal rights of conscience , nor the freedom of speech , or of the press , nor of the right of trial by jury in criminal cases . ”
In Federalist # 51 , he wrote ,
It can be little doubted that if the State of Rhode Island was separated from the Confederacy and left to itself , the insecurity of rights under the popular form of government within such narrow limits would be displayed by such reiterated oppressions of factious majorities that some power altogether independent of the people would soon be called for by the voice of the very factions whose misrule had proved the necessity of it .
The 13th , 14th and 15th Amendments were drafted to rectify such abuses .
An Amendment guaranteeing liberty to all Americans fits right in with Madison ‘s ideas .
Federalism did change a bit during Reconstruction , and I for one am not the least bit sorry that it did .
We needed clearer , more specific protections of civil rights than were given by the Framers .
Akhil Amar has pointed out that the contours of the 2nd Amendment ( among other civil rights ) changed between 1789 and 1868 .
It was an organic , logical evolution , to which I doubt any of the Framers would have objected .
Madison ’s proposal for a Bill of Rights stated ,
In the first place , it is too uncertain ground to leave this provision upon , if a provision is at all necessary to secure rights so important as many of those I have mentioned are conceived to be , by the public in general , as well as those in particular who opposed the adoption of this Constitution .
Besides , some States have no bills of rights , there are others provided with very defective ones , and there are others whose bills of rights are not only defective , but absolutely improper ; instead of securing some in the full extent which republican principles would require , they limit them too much to agree with the common ideas of liberty .
(…)
It is true , there are a few particular States in which some of the most valuable articles have not , at one time or other , been violated ; but it does not follow but they may have , to a certain degree , a salutary effect against the abuse of power .
If they are incorporated into the Constitution , independent tribunals of justice will consider themselves in a peculiar manner the guardians of those rights ; they will be an impenetrable bulwark against every assumption of power in the Legislative or Executive ; they will be naturally led to resist every encroachment upon rights expressly stipulated for in the Constitution by the declaration of rights .
Besides this security , there is a great probability that such a declaration in the federal system would be enforced ; because the State Legislatures will jealously and closely watch the operations of this Government , and be able to resist with more effect every assumption of power , than any other power on earth can do ; and the greatest opponents to a Federal Government admit the State Legislatures to be sure guardians of the people ’s liberty .
The Constitution grants certain powers to the Federal government , which are clearly defined and should be narrow in interpretation .
The remaining powers of government belong to the states , which are entitled to a great degree of sovereignty in their policies .
However , the ultimate sovereign in our system is the individual .
Federalism stops where the Bill of Rights begins .
The 14th Amendment , particularly the Privileges or Immunities clause , is the guarantor of that idea .
Regardless of one ’s position in the libertarian spectrum , the ultimate idea is the same : when there is a confict between state interest and individual freedoms , the rights of the individual stand paramount .
Could someone please explain this to Ron Paul ?
I find it sad that Harry Reid , Arlen Spector and Olympia Snowe have shown more interest in civil rights than he has in this case .
The Iranian government , which has consistently denied that it is trying to develop nuclear weapons , recently announced its intention to build another ten uranium enrichment plants , and to start work on enriching its uranium stockpiles to a higher level that has previously been achieved .
The UN is considering imposing a new round of sanctions against Iran for its continued defiance over its nuclear programme .
The AP has completed an analysis of the e-mails released from CRU in an article titled “ IMPACT : Science not faked , but not pretty ” .
My son posted on this news release last week ( see ) .
One aspect of these e-mails that was not discussed in the AP report is an apparent conflict of interest between Tom Wigley and Phil Jones with respect to the 2005 CCSP Report
Temperature Trends in the Lower Atmosphere : Steps for Understanding and Reconciling Differences .
Thomas R. Karl , Susan J. Hassol , Christopher D. Miller , and William L. Murray , editors , 2006 .
A Report by the Climate Change Science Program and the Subcommittee on Global Change Research , Washington , DC .
The question is whether the e-mails from Tom Wigley and Phil Jones , that are reproduced below , document an apparent conflict of interest and inappropriate contacts between an author of the report and a reviewer of that report .
Tom Wigley was a member of the committee and the lead author of the Executive Summary of this CCSP report , while Phil Jones was invited ( and agreed ) to serve on a National Research Council Report to review a draft of the CCSP report [ The time line of the CCSP report is summarized in slide 4 in http://www.climatescience.gov/workshop2005/presentations/breakout_2B_Karl_SAP1.1.pdf.
Phil Jones was part of the NRC committee that received the draft CCSP report in January 2005 .
The e-mail below from Phil Jones is dated January 21 2005 .
I have already documented by e-mails the inappropriate tactics of Tom Karl with respect to the CCSP report in my post
E-mail Documentation Of The Successful Attempt By Thomas Karl Director Of the U.S. National Climate Data Center To Suppress Biases and Uncertainties In the Assessment Surface Temperature Trends
The e-mails involving Tom Wigley and Phil Jones that presents information on this conflict of interest is dated January 21 2005 and reads [ I have highlighted the relevant text with respect to the conflict of interest ]
From : Phil Jones < p.jones@xxxxxxxxx.xxx >
To : Tom Wigley
Subject : Re : FOIA
Date : Fri Jan 21 15:20:06 2005
Cc : Ben Santer < santer1@xxxxxxxxx.xxx >
Tom ,
I ’ll look at what you ’ve said over the weekend re CCSP .
I do n’t know the other panel members .
I ’ve not heard any more about it since agreeing a week ago .
As for FOIA Sarah is n’t technically employed by UEA and she will likely be paid by Manchester Metropolitan University .
I would n’t worry about the code .
If FOIA does ever get used by anyone , there is also IPR to consider as well .
Data is covered by all the agreements we sign with people , so I will be hiding behind them .
I ’ll be passing any requests onto the person at UEA who has been given a post to deal with them .
Cheers
Phil
At 14:35 21/01/2005 , Tom Wigley wrote :
Phil ,
Thanks for the quick reply .
The leaflet appeared so general , but it was prepared by UEA so they may have simplified things .
From their wording , computer code would be covered by the FOIA .
My concern was if Sarah is / was still employed by UEA .
I guess she could claim that she had only written one tenth of the code and release every tenth line .
Sorry I wo n’t see you , but I will not come up to Norwich until Monday .
Let me fill you in a bit ( confidentially ) .
You probably know the panel members .
We were concerned that the chair would be a strong person .
It is Jerry Mahlman — about the best possible choice .
Richard Smith is the statistician — also excellent .
Dave Randall , too — very good .
As token skeptic there is Dick Lindzen — but at least he is a smart guy and he does listen .
He may raise his paper with Gianitsis that purports to show low climate sensitivity from volcanoes .
I will attach our paper that proves otherwise , in press in JGR .
Preparing the report has been a good and bad experience .
I think I had the worst task with the Exec. Summ . — it tied up most of my time for the past 3 months .
The good has been the positive interactions between most of the people — a really excellent bunch .
I have been very impressed by Carl Mears and John Lanzante .
At meetings , John Christy has been quite good — and there were good and positive interactions between John and Roy and the RSS gang that helped clarify a lot .
Outside the meeting , in the email world , he has been more of a pain .
He has made a lot of useful suggestions for the ExSumm — but he keeps accusing the AOGCMers of faking their models ( not quite as bluntly as this ) .
In the emails there are some very useful exchanges from Jerry Meehl , Ramaswamy and Ben detailing the AOGCM development process .
We will be writing a BAMS article on this in the summer — much of what happens in model development is unknown to the rest of the community .
The ‘ faking ’ idea prompted me to write a tongue in cheek note — also attached .
As far as I know , John will not raise this particular issue in his dissentin [ g ] views .
To accommodate dissenting views , the report will have a “ dissenters ’ appendix ” , with responses .
You will get this at some stage — the deadline for dissenters to produce is Jan 31 , and we will not finish our rebuttals until mid Feb .
The dissenters are John C , and ( far worse ) Roger Pielke Sr. All of the rest of us disagree with these persons ’ dissenting views .
Roger has been extremely difficult — but the details are too complex to put in an email .
On the other hand he has made a number of useful contributions to the ExSumm and other chapters .
Suffice to say that he has some strange ideas ( often to do with the effects of landuse change ) that are interesting but still , in my view , speculative — but testable .
We have yet to see the dissents — and it would not be ethical for me to say any more than I have already .
[ Note from R. Pielke Sr. Dec 14 2009 : my dissenting view is available ; see ]
Best wishes ,
Tom .
Phil Jones wrote :
Tom ,
I hope the VTT panel does n’t prove a meeting too many at this time .
It is currently scheduled for Feb 23 - 25 and I only get back from an 8 day workshop in Pune on Feb 20 .
The IPCC Chapter with Kevin is now with WGI in Boulder .
We did put you down as one of our potential reviewers .
Do n’t know whether you ’ll have time or whether WGI will select you – regional balance etc .
Next week I ’ll be in Reading and Exeter , so won ’be be in CRU .
Have to be at an RMS Awards meeting then something on Reanalysis , then I have to collect some data from the archives in Exeter for a small project we have .
It is
easier for me to get this than explain to someone how to do it .
So I ’ll miss you – not back till Thursday night .
On the FOI Act there is a little leaflet we have all been sent .
It does n’t really clarify what we might have to do re programs or data .
Like all things in Britain we will only find out when the first person or organization asks .
I would n’t tell anybody about the FOI
Act in Britain .
I do n’t think UEA really knows what ’s involved .
As you ’re no longer an employee I would use this argument if anything comes along .
I think it is supposed to mainly apply to issues of personal information – references for
jobs etc. Sorry I ’ll miss you next week .
If you ’re in on Sunday perhaps you could come round to our new house in Wicklewood .
Phone number is still the same as 01953 605643 .
Keith and Sarah know where it is even if they did get lost the
first time they came .
Cheers
Phil
At 02:59 21/01/2005 , you wrote :
Phil ,
Tom Karl told me you will be on the VTT review panel .
This is very good news .
Unfortunately I will not be at the meeting on the 23rd — I will be in midair half way across the Pacific to spend a couple of weeks in Adelaide .
I got a brochure on the FOI Act from UEA .
Does this mean that , if someone asks for a computer program we have to give it out ??
Can you check this for me ( and Sarah ) .
I will be at CRU next Mon , Tue , Wed in case Sarah did not tell you .
Thanks ,
Tom .
Prof. Phil Jones
Climatic Research Unit Telephone XXXXXXXX School of Environmental Sciences XXXXXXXUniversity of East Anglia
Norwich Email p.jones@xxxxxxxxx.xxx
NR4 7TJ
UK
It seems that the only answer to the question “ Do the CRU e-mails provide further documentation of a conflict of interest in the preparation of a CCSP climate assessment report ? ” is YES .
It appears Tom Wigley was seeking to prejudice Phil Jones before he actually even reviewed the draft report .
This likely would not have changed his views ( based on the other leaked e-mails ) but it provides a clear documentation of what seems to be an inappropriate interaction with respect to a review of an assessment report that is likely widespread among the leadership of the climate assessment community .
December 30 , 2009 – Dr. Anklesnap
The art of dunking a basketball is something that has gained a lot of traction and steam during the past decade .
And although everyone and their mother ( including us ) is doing ‘ All - Decade ’ lists these days we have to appreciate this YouTube artist , Ilkkan23 , for his latest ‘ All - time ’ list focused on dunking .
Everyone loves to watch the high flying acrobatics of the world ’s best dunkers .
That ’s why the dunk contest at NBA all - star weekend gets so much love .
Even the actual all - star game will often get less shine than the dunk contest .
And that contest only focuses on the NBA high flyers , not the best in the world .
The amazing thing about dunking is that anyone with some hops and co-ordination can do it .
You do n’t need to be a professional baller to have the skills necessary to get people off their feet .
In fact , one might argue that NBA players have too much to lose in the way of injuries and their careers to even attempt some of the dunks you are about to see in this video .
I have seen a lot of dunk compilations in the past few years scouring YouTube , but nothing can compare to this amazing compilation of Ilkkan23 ’s Top 100 :
Sultan Kosen was announced the tallest man in the world by Guinness World Records last September and though he say he has enjoyed travelling the world as a result of his newfound fame , he is very happy to be back in Turkey and proud to host Pingping and show him around historical Istanbul on his first visit to the country
Credit : AFP / GETTY
Exclusive The Large Hadron Collider - most puissant particle - punisher ever assembled by the human race - has suffered another major power failure , knocking not only the atomsmasher itself but even its associated websites offline .
The machine remains unserviceable at present .
However its crucial cryogenics seem to have been unaffected , and no catastrophic damage is thought to have occurred .
No baguette visible this time .
News of the outage emerged when keen amateur LHC - watchers ( at independent site the LHC Portal ) noticed that most of CERN's web presence related to the Collider had disappeared .
Presently much of it returned , and with it came an official account of events released by control - room staff .
It appears that a failure occurred at 01:23 Swiss time this morning in an 18,000 - volt power line at the Meyrin site above the mighty collider 's subterranean circuit .
This caused a power cut across the site , shutting down the main computer centre among other things and causing an abrupt cessation of operations .
However according to CERN controllers and the publicly - viewable web readouts ( now back online ) the LHC 's magnets stayed chilled down to their operating temperature , just 1.9 degrees above absolute zero - colder than deep space .
This is critical , as re-chilling the magnets had they warmed beyond a certain point would have been a lengthy and involved process .
" Diesels cut in OK " noted the controllers , adding that the Meyrin site is now drawing limited grid power from an alternative connection via the Prevessin site .
The boffins do n't anticipate resuming operations until at least 18:30 local time today .
They later supplied the pic above of the faulty high - voltage component believed to have caused the problem .
The exact cause of the fault remains to be established , though in a machine so complex a lot of routine teething troubles are to be expected .
However , with interest in the LHC so intense , colourful speculation is to be anticipated .
" Maybe it was a birdy bread - bomber from the future , " jokes Chris Stephens of the LHC Portal - referring to the well - known wingnut theory that that the mere possibility of the LHC unmasking certain phenomena engenders forces which act backwards through time to sabotage it before this can happen .
We ourselves find it hard not to suspect the involvement of some pan-dimensional police force , seeking to prevent humanity acquiring parallel - universe portal capability before we 're ready to use it responsibly . ®
We 're just getting settled in for Fusion Garage 's CrunchPad webcast -- we 've been promised CEO Chandra Rathakrishnan 's version of the 12 - inch tablet 's bizarre saga , and we 've certainly got quite a few questions of our own to ask .
We 'll start updating just as soon as it starts , so make sure you 're up to speed on what went down over the weekend and get ready for some fireworks .
We did n't run into too many problems with the existing Mac software for the Wi-Fire WiFi range extender in our brief time with the device , but it looks like hField Technologies has decided to make Mac users ' lives a bit easier nonetheless , with it now releasing an updated version for OS X .
Among other things , version 2.0 now finally includes an icon that sits in the menu bar for easy access , and fully revamped connection manager that sports a decidedly more Apple - like appearance .
Unfortunately , you 'll still have to wait a bit for an 802.11n upgrade , but the software update is at least free , and available to download right now .
A reader submits the following disclosure released by Ocean Reef Club , a country club , which very much unlike America 's 35 million food - stamp recipients , has roughly a $ 35 million net worth cutoff for members , who enjoy such amenities as 100 foot yachts , a private airport , and two golf courses .
It is precisely in connection with golf that we see these very needy multi-millionaires follow in Wall Street 's footsteps and proceed to redistribute wealth away from those who actually work for their money , to those who merely use the dollar as a temporary ( or otherwise ) replacement for one - ply Cottonelle .
As a reminder , here is how one gets to become a member of ORC : in short , one does n't .
Just like the Centurion , one is either invited , or not .
On the northern tip of the Florida Keys , sophistication and simplicity live in perfect harmony at Ocean Reef Club .
Our members treasure a balance of luxurious lifestyle and uncomplicated pleasures .
They enjoy The Reef 's exceptional recreation choices , its abundant natural beauty and the opportunities to relax in privacy with family and friends .
In equal measure they value what they do n't find .
Undisturbed by crowds and clamor , this is a peaceful place .
Above all , our members cherish their sense of connection to The Reef .
More than a club , this is a community of individuals who share an affinity for the rewarding lifestyle here .
Over the decades , Ocean Reef Club has quietly acquired international acclaim for its privacy and pristine nature .
The prestigious Robb Report has described it as “ one of America 's most exclusive club communities . ”
To preserve the special nature of The Reef , membership is by invitation only .
Invitations are extended to individuals who value a community that rewards their success and satisfies their quest for a rich and meaningful lifestyle .
For further information about Ocean Reef membership , please contact Executive Director of Membership , Michelle Simpson , at msimpson@oceanreef.com or 305.367.5921 .
Yet it appears those who value a community that rewards their success and demand a rich and meaningful lifestyle , are just as interested in a lifestyle that is subsidized as much as possible by the US taxpayer .
And lest these multi-millionaires actually have to pay to avoid walking on the club 's numerous golf clubs , here comes Uncle Obama , dispersing helicopter Ben 's worthless pieces of paper .
We are certain that Club Car is doubly happy to rape the hundred or so remaining members of America 's middle class who have yet to depart America with one way tickets for any other place ( does n't matter where ) in the world .
Tax Credit - Eligible Golf Car Approved for Use on ORC Golf Courses
Several weeks ago , the Emergency Economic Stabilization
Act of 2008 created an IRS tax credit of # 2,500 - $ 7,500 for those who purchase qualifying electric cars through Dec. 31 , 2009 .
Until recently , electric cars that qualified for this credit were not eligible for use on Ocean Reef Club 's golf courses .
However , thanks to a recent approval from the Ocean Reef Club Golf Committee , a specific tax - credit eligible electric car , manuf actured by Club Car , has been approved for use on the Dolphin and Hammock Courses .
The approved car , pictured at right , is street legal and eligible for an IRS tax credit when sold with a shatter - proof windshield , head lights , tail lights , windshield wipers and seatbelts .
The speed of the cart is about 24 - miles - per hour .
Additional accessories are also available .
Ocean Reef Club Golf Car Sales & Accessories Manager John Eledge is available to assist members who are interested in purchasing a golf course approved , tax credit eligible car , however , taxpayers ' circumstances may vary and purchasers should consult a tax professional to verify the ability to claim all or a part of this credit .
To learn more , call 305-367-6591
From Cash for Clunkers , to Cash for Golf Carts , Obama has all future electoral constituencies covered .
And since by 2012 there will be no middle class left , the president has effectively guaranteed himself at least one more term ( and possibly many more : we expect Mayor Bloomberg will soon teach the administration a thing or two about such pesky things as " term limits " ) .
35 icons Country Flags Icon Set
Country flag icons could be used for allowing the user to either select the language or to access the site dedicated to their country .
It comes with Photoshop Shape format , you can scale them to any size to fit your design .
Enlarge By Erin Brethauer , Asheville Citizen - Times via AP Cecil Bothwell takes the oath of office for the Asheville City Council Dec. 8 .
His opponents say the admitted athiest can't serve because North Carolina law disqualifies candidates who " deny the being of Almighty God . "
Join the conversation : Religion , spirituality & ethics | Reader forum : Your beliefs @FAITH_REASON ON TWITTER @FAITH_REASON ON TWITTER RALEIGH , N.C.  Asheville City Councilman Cecil Bothwell believes in ending the death penalty , conserving water and reforming government — but he does n't believe in God .
His political opponents say that 's a sin that makes him unworthy of serving in office , and they 've got the North Carolina Constitution on their side .
Bothwell 's detractors are threatening to take the city to court for swearing him in , even though the state 's antiquated requirement that officeholders believe in God is unenforceable because it violates the U.S. Consititution .
FAITH & REASON : The U.S. Constitution is ' secular : '
Fighting words ?
" The question of whether or not God exists is not particularly interesting to me and it's certainly not relevant to public office , " the recently elected 59 - year - old said .
Bothwell ran this fall on a platform that also included limiting the height of downtown buildings and saving trees in the city 's core , views that appealed to voters in the liberal - leaning community at the foot of the Appalachian Mountains .
When Bothwell was sworn into office on Monday , he used an alternative oath that does n't require officials to swear on a Bible or reference " Almighty God . "
That has riled conservative activists , who cite a little - noticed quirk in North Carolina 's Constitution that disqualifies officeholders " who shall deny the being of Almighty God . "
The provision was included when the document was drafted in 1868 and was n't revised when North Carolina amended its constitution in 1971 .
One foe , H.K. Edgerton , is threatening to file a lawsuit in state court against the city to challenge Bothwell 's appointment .
" My father was a Baptist minister .
I 'm a Christian man .
I have problems with people who do n't believe in God , " said Edgerton , a former local NAACP president and founder of Southern Heritage 411 , an organization that promotes the interests of black southerners .
The head of a conservative weekly newspaper says city officials shirked their duty to uphold the state 's laws by swearing in Bothwell .
David Morgan , editor of the Asheville Tribune , said he 's tired of seeing his state Constitution " trashed . "
Bothwell can't be forced out of office over his atheist views because the North Carolina provision is unenforceable , according to the supremacy clause of the U.S. Constitution .
Six other states , Arkansas , Maryland , Pennsylvania , South Carolina , Tennessee and Texas , have similar provisions barring atheist officeholders .
In 1961 , the U.S. Supreme Court reaffirmed that federal law prohibits states from requiring any kind of religious test to serve in office when it ruled in favor of a Maryland atheist seeking appointment as a notary public .
But the federal protections do n't necessarily spare atheist public officials from spending years defending themselves in court .
Avowed atheist Herb Silverman won an eight - year court battle in 1997 when South Carolina 's highest court granted him the right to be appointed as a notary despite the state 's law .
Bothwell said a legal challenge to his appointment would be " fun , " but believes his opponents ' efforts have more to do with politics than religious beliefs .
" It 's local political opponents seeking to change the outcome of an election they lost , " said Bothwell , who 's lived in Asheville nearly three decades and wrote the city 's best - selling guide book .
Bothwell was raised a Presbyterian but began questioning Christian beliefs at a young age and considered himself an atheist by the time he was 20 .
He 's an active member of the Unitarian Universalist Church of Asheville and he still celebrates Christmas , often hanging ornaments on his Fishhook cactus .
Bothwell said his spiritual views do n't matter to most of his constituents .
Bothwell is a registered Democrat but did n't run on a party ticket in the nonpartisan Council election .
Even if he can't force Bothwell out of office , Edgerton said he hopes a legal battle would ultimately force North Carolina 's Legislature to determine the legality of the article of the Constitution .
" If the law is wrong , it is the obligation of the Legislature to say it 's wrong , " he said .
Provisions like North Carolina 's tend to stay on the books because lawmakers would rather not spend time weeding out outdated laws , said Duke University Law School Professor Joseph Blocher .
" I mean there are state laws against spitting in the street , " he said .
" Why spend the time ? "
But the battle is important to Silverman , who says there are scores of other atheist politicians afraid to " come out of the closet . "
He cited U.S. Rep . Pete Stark of California , the first and only congressman to publicly acknowledge he does n't believe in God .
" We 're trying to change our culture to the point where it 's not political suicide , " Silverman said .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
For two years as a researcher with security company FireEye , Atif Mushtaq worked to keep Mega - D bot malware from infecting clients ' networks .
In the process , he learned how its controllers operated it .
Last June , he began publishing his findings online .
In November , he suddenly switched from de­­fense to offense .
And Mega - D-- a powerful , resilient botnet that had forced 250,000 PCs to do its bidding -- went down .
Targeting Controllers
Mushtaq and two FireEye colleagues went after Mega - D's command infrastructure .
A botnet 's first wave of attack uses e-mail attachments , Web - based offensives , and other distribution methods to infect huge numbers of PCs with malicious bot programs .
The bots receive marching orders from online command and control ( C&C ) servers , but those servers are the botnet 's Achilles ' heel : Isolate them , and the undirected bots will sit idle .
Mega - D's controllers used a far - flung array of C&C servers , however , and every bot in its army had been assigned a list of additional destinations to try if it could n't reach its primary command server .
So taking down Mega - D would require a carefully coordinated attack .
Synchronized Assault
Mushtaq 's team first contacted Internet service providers that unwittingly hosted Mega - D control servers ; his research showed that most of the servers were based in the United States , with one in Turkey and another in Israel .
The FireEye group received positive responses except from the overseas ISPs .
The domestic C&C servers went down .
Next , Mushtaq and company contacted domain - name registrars holding records for the domain names that Mega - D used for its control servers .
The registrars collaborated with FireEye to point Mega - D 's existing domain names to no­­where .
By cutting off the botnet 's pool of domain names , the antibotnet operatives ensured that bots could not reach Mega - D- affiliated servers that the overseas ISPs had declined to take down .
Finally , FireEye and the registrars worked to claim spare domain names that Mega - D's controllers listed in the bots ' programming .
The controllers intended to register and use one or more of the spare do­­mains if the existing domains went down -- so FireEye picked them up and pointed them to " sinkholes " ( servers it had set up to sit quietly and log efforts by Mega - D bots to check in for orders ) .
Using those logs , FireEye estimated that the botnet consisted of about 250,000 Mega - D- infected computers .
Down Goes Mega-D
MessageLabs , a Symantec e-mail security subsidiary , reports that Mega - D had " consistently been in the top 10 spam bots " for the previous year ( find.pcworld.com/64165 ) .
The botnet 's output fluctuated from day to day , but on November 1 Mega - D accounted for 11.8 percent of all spam that MessageLabs saw .
Three days later , FireEye 's action had reduced Mega - D's market share of Internet spam to less than 0.1 percent , MessageLabs says .
FireEye plans to hand off the anti-Mega - D effort to ShadowServer.org , a volunteer group that will track the IP addresses of infected machines and contact affected ISPs and businesses .
Business network or ISP administrators can register for the free notification service .
Continuing the Battle
Mushtaq recognizes that FireEye 's successful offensive against Mega - D was just one battle in the war on malware .
The criminals behind Mega - D may try to revive their botnet , he says , or they may abandon it and create a new one .
But other botnets continue to thrive .
" FireEye did have a major victory , " says Joe Stewart , director of malware research with SecureWorks .
" The question is , will it have a long - term impact ? "
Like FireEye , Stewart 's security company protects client networks from botnets and other threats ; and like Mushtaq , Stewart has spent years combating criminal enterprises .
In 2009 , Stewart outlined a proposal to create volunteer groups dedicated to making botnets unprofitable to run .
But few security professionals could commit to such a time - consuming volunteer activity .
" It takes time and resources and money to do this day after day , " Stewart says .
Other , under - the - radar strikes at various botnets and criminal organizations have occurred , he says , but these laudable efforts are " not going to stop the business model of the spammer . "
Mushtaq , Stewart , and other security pros agree that federal law enforcement needs to step in with full - time coordination efforts .
According to Stewart , regulators have n't begun drawing up serious plans to make that happen , but Mushtaq says that FireEye is sharing its method with domestic and international law enforcement , and he 's hopeful .
Until that happens , " we 're definitely looking to do this again , " Mushtaq says .
" We want to show the bad guys that we 're not sleeping . "
Homepage
International Economics , Robert A. Mundell , New York : Macmillan , 1968 , pp. vii-xi .
Contents
Preface
Part I : The Theory of Exchange
Chapter 1 . The Classical System 3
Analytical Procedure 5
The Method of Comparative Statics 6
The Free - Trade Model 8
Conditions of Stability 11
Price and Income Effects 15
Chapter 2 . Transfers , Productivity , and Taxes 17
The Transfer Problem 17
Productivity Changes 22
Taxes and Subsidies on Trade 26
Commodity Taxes Other Mechanisms of Adjustment 38
Summary 41
Chapter 3 . Generalization of the Classical Model 43
Productivity Changes 46
Tariff Changes 48
Consumption and Production Tax Changes 50
Unilateral Payments 50
Comparison of Two - Country and Multiple - Country Models 51
Chapter 4 . Tariff Preferences and the Terms of Trade 54
A Geometric Model of Three Countries 54
The Basic Proposition 58
Zone of Mutual Improvement 59
Conclusions and Qualifications 60
Appendix : The N - Country Case 62
Chapter 5 . A Geometry of Transport Costs in International Trade Theory 65
The Geometry 65
The F.O.B. and C.I.F. Terms of Trade 71
The Transfer Problem 73
The Optimum Tariff 80
Real Factor Returns 83
Concluding Remarks 84
Chapter 6 . International Trade and Factor Mobility 85
Trade Impediments and Factor Movements 85
Effect of Relative Size 90
Factor Mobility Impediments and Trade 94
An Argument for Protection ?
95
Concluding Remarks 99
Chapter 7 . The Laws of Comparative Statics and Homogeneity 100
Relative Prices and Absolute Incomes 101
Two - Region and Multiple - Region Metzleric Models 102
Mathematical Analysis 103
Part II : Monetary Equilibrium and Adjustment Processes
Chapter 8 . Barter Theory and the Monetary Mechanism of Adjustment 111
Income , Expenditure , and the Quantity of Money 114
The Anatomy of Disequilibrium and Dynamics 119
The Classical Case and Devaluation 121
Budgetary Policy 123
The Transfer Problem 125
Growth and Liquidity 126
Conclusions 129
Appendix : Three Monetary Standards 130
Chapter 9 . Growth and the Balance of Payments 134
Money , Trade , and Growth 135
Allowance for Credit Creation 137
Defects of Traditional Theory 138
Chapter 10 .
The Balance of Payments 140
Definition 141
International Consistency 143
The Exchange Market 147
Analytical Approach 149
Chapter 11 .
The Monetary Dynamics of International Adjustment under Fixed and Flexible Exchange Rates 152
The Static System 153
The Dynamic Systems 157
The Importance of Capital Mobility 160
The Stock of Reserves 163
Speculation and Stability 166
The Principle of Effective Market Classification 169
Appendix 170
Chapter 12 . A Theory of Optimum Currency Areas 177
Currency Areas and Common Currencies 178
National Currencies and Flexible Exchange Rates 179
Regional Currency Areas and Flexible Exchange Rates 180
A Practical Application 181
Upper Limits on the Number of Currencies and Currency Areas 182
Concluding Argument 184
Chapter 13 .
The Proper Division of the Burden of International Adjustment 187
The Internal Stability Criterion 187
The Relative Cost Criterion 188
Exchange - Rate Adjustment 190
The Relative Size Criterion 192
Normative Aspects of the Relative Size Criterion 194
Appendix : The Redundancy Problem and the World Price Level 195
Part III .
Disequilibrium and Economic Policy
Chapter 14 .
The Nature of Policy Choices 201
Employment and the Balance of Payments 204
Mathematical Aspects of the Theory of Policy 207
Chapter 15 .
The International Disequilibrium System 217
Hume 's Law and the Process of Adjustment 218
Monetary Policy and Sterilization Operations 222
Alternative Means to Equilibrium 228
Chapter 16 .
The Appropriate Use of Monetary and Fiscal Policy under Fixed Exchange Rates 233
The Conditions of Equilibrium 233
Two Systems of Policy Response 237
Principles of Policy 239
Chapter 17 .
Flexible Exchange Rates and Employment Policy 240
Stability Conditions of the Model 241
Fiscal Policy and Employment 243
Monetary Policy and Employment 245
Commercial Policy and Employment 246
Conclusions 247
Appendix 248
Chapter 18 . Capital Mobility and Stabilization Policy under Fixed and Flexible Exchange Rates 250
Sectoral and Market Equilibrium Conditions 251
Policies under Flexible Exchange Rates 253
Policies under Fixed Exchange Rates 254
Other Policy Combinations 256
Diagrammatic Illustration 257
Conclusions 261
Appendix : The World Economy 262
Chapter 19 .
The Cost of Exchange Crises and the Problem of Sterling 272
Definition of Cost 272
The Short - Run Cost 272
Analogy to a Depreciating Exchange Rate 276
Saving the Cost 277
Adjustment Policies 280
Chapter 20 .
The Crisis Problem 282
Meaning of Crisis 282
Rules of the System 283
Operation of the System 284
Control Crisis 285
Reversal of Control 286
Conclusions 286
Appendix A : Alternative Dynamic Mechanisms 287
Appendix B : A Monetary Truce 288
Chapter 21 .
Hicksian Stability , Currency Markets , and the Pure Theory of Economic Policy 298
The Hicks Conditions and Sliding Parities 302
The Asymmetrical Position of the Standard Currency 304
Generalization of the Hicks Conditions 308
Currency Areas 310
General Conditions and Dynamic Stability 312
Hicksian Stability and the Theory of Economic Policy 313
Literature Cited 319
Index 325
The Elder - Geek Game of the Year Award Nominees
To whet everyone ’s appetites for the next week ’s awards , here is the official list of our nominees for 2009 !
Feel free to discuss in the comments section below or in the forums !
Game of the Year
Assassin ’s Creed II ( Ubisoft Montreal , Ubisoft )
Batman : Arkham Asylum ( Rocksteady Studios , Eidos Interactive / Warner Bros. Interactive )
Dragon Age : Origins ( Bioware Edmonton , Electronic Arts )
inFAMOUS ( Sucker Punch Productions , Sony Computer Entertainment )
Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves ( Naughty Dog , Sony Computer Entertainment )
Wii Game of the Year
Dead Space : Extraction ( Visceral Games / Eurocom , Electronic Arts )
Metroid Prime Trilogy ( Retro Studios , Nintendo )
Muramasa : The Demon Blade ( Vanillaware , Ignition Entertainment )
Punch - Out !!
( Nintendo IRD / Next Level Games , Nintendo )
Rabbids Go Home ( Ubisoft Montepllier , Ubisoft )
Xbox 360 Game of the Year
Assassin ’s Creed II ( Ubisoft Montreal , Ubisoft )
Batman : Arkham Asylum ( Rocksteady Studios , Eidos Interactive / Warner Bros. Interactive )
Grand Theft Auto : Episodes from Liberty City ( Rockstar North , Rockstar Games )
Halo 3 : ODST ( Bungie , Microsoft Games Studio )
Left 4 Dead 2 ( Valve Corporation , Valve Corporation )
Playstation 3 Game of the Year
Assassin ’s Creed II ( Ubisoft Montreal , Ubisoft )
Batman : Arkham Asylum ( Rocksteady Studios , Eidos Interactive / Warner Bros. Interactive )
Demon ’s Souls ( From Software , Sony Computer Entertainment )
inFAMOUS ( Sucker Punch Productions , Sony Computer Entertainment )
Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves ( Naughty Dog , Sony Computer Entertainment )
PC Game of the Year
Borderlands ( Gearbox Software , 2K Games )
Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 ( Infinity Ward , Activision )
Dragon Age : Origins ( Bioware Edmonton , Electronic Arts )
Left 4 Dead 2 ( Valve Corporation , Valve Corporation )
The Sims 3 ( EA Black Box / Visceral Games , EA Play )
Nintendo DS Game of the Year
Mario and Luigi : Bowser ’s Inside Story ( AlphaDream , Nintendo )
Professor Layton and the Diabolical Box ( Level - 5 , Level - 5 )
Scribblenauts ( 5th Cell , Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment )
Suikoden Tierkreis ( Konami , Konami )
Super Robot Taisen OG Saga : Endless Frontier ( Banpresto / Monolith Soft , Namco Bandai Games )
PSP Game of the Year
Dissida : Final Fantasy ( Square Enix , Square Enix )
Gran Turismo ( Polyphony Digital , Sony Computer Entertainment )
Grand Theft Auto : Chinatown Wars ( Rockstar Leeds , Rockstar North )
LittleBigPlanet ( SCE Studio Cambridge / Media Molecule , Sony Computer Entertainment Europe )
Patapon 2 ( Pyramid / Japan Studio , Sony Computer Entertainment )
RPG of the Year
Borderlands ( Gearbox Software , 2K Games )
Demon ’s Souls ( From Software , Sony Computer Entertainment )
Dragon Age : Origins ( Bioware Edmonton , Electronic Arts )
Mario and Luigi : Bowser ’s Inside Story ( AlphaDream , Nintendo )
Nostalgia ( Matrix Software / Red Entertainment , Ignition Entertainment )
Racing Game of the Year
Dirt 2 ( Codemasters , Codemasters )
Forza Motorsport 3 ( Turn 10 Studios , Microsoft Game Studios )
Fuel ( Asobo Studio , Codemasters )
Gran Turismo ( Polyphony Digital , Sony Computer Entertainment )
Need for Speed SHIFT ( Slightly Mad Studioes , Electronic Arts )
Team Sports Game of the Year
FIFA Soccer 2010 ( EA Canada , EA Sports )
Madden NFL 2010 ( EA Tiburon , EA Sports )
NHL 2010 ( EA Canada , EA Sports )
NBA Live 2010 ( EA Canada , EA Sports )
PES 2010 ( Konami , Konami )
Fighting Game of the Year
BlazBlue : Calamity Trigger ( Arc System Works , Aksys Games )
Marvel vs. Capcom 2 ( Backbone Entertainment , Capcom )
Street Fighter IV ( Dimps / Capcom , Capcom )
Tekken 6 ( Namco Bandai , Namco Bandai )
UFC Undisputed 2009 ( Yuke ’s Osaka , THQ )
Shooter of the Year
Borderlands ( Gearbox Software , 2K Games )
Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 ( Infinity Ward , Activision )
Ghostbusters : The Video Game ( Terminal Reality , Atari )
Halo 3 : ODST ( Bungie , Microsoft Games Studio )
Killzone 2 ( Guerilla Games , Sony Computer Entertainment )
Action Adventure Game of the Year
Assassin ’s Creed II ( Ubisoft Montreal , Ubisoft )
Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves ( Naughty Dog , Sony Computer Entertainment )
Brütal Legend ( Double Fine Productions , Electronic Arts )
Batman : Arkham Asylum ( Rocksteady Studios , Eidos Interactive / Warner Bros. Interactive )
inFAMOUS ( Sucker Punch Productions , Sony Computer Entertainment )
Platformer of the Year
Trine ( Frozenbyte , SouthPeak Interactive )
New Super Mario Brothers Wii ( Nintendo EAD , Nintendo )
Ratchet and Clank Future : A Crack in Time ( Insomniac Games , Sony Computer Entertainment )
A Boy and his Blob ( WayForward Technologies , Majesco Games )
Jak and Daxter : The Lost Frontier ( High Impact Games , Sony Computer Entertainment )
Best Multiplayer Award
Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves ( Naughty Dog , Sony Computer Entertainment )
Left 4 Dead 2 ( Valve Corporation , Valve Corporation )
Borderlands ( Gearbox Software , 2K Games )
Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 ( Infinity Ward , Activision )
Operation Flashpoint 2 : Dragon Rising ( Codemasters , Codemasters )
Best Console Lineup
Nintendo DS
Nintendo Wii
PC
Playstation 3
Xbox 360
Downloadable Game of the Year
Grand Theft Auto : Episodes from Liberty City ( Rockstar North , Rockstar Games )
Flower ( ThatGameCompany , Sony Computer Entertainment )
Shadow Complex ( Chair Entertainment / Epic Games , Microsoft Game Studios )
Tales of Monkey Island ( Telltale Games , Telltale Games )
Torchlight ( Runic Games , Perfect World Entertainment )
Most Innovative Game of the Year
Borderlands ( Gearbox Software , 2K Games )
Flower ( ThatGameCompany , Sony Computer Entertainment )
Fat Princess ( Titan Studioes , Sony Computer Entertainment )
FATALE ( Tale of Tales , Tale of Tales )
Scribblenauts ( 5th Cell , Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment )
Most Improved Sequel
Assassin ’s Creed II ( Ubisoft Montreal , Ubisoft )
Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 ( Infinity Ward , Activision )
Killzone 2 ( Guerilla Games , Sony Computer Entertainment )
Need for Speed SHIFT ( Slightly Mad Studioes , Electronic Arts )
Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves ( Naughty Dog , Sony Computer Entertainment )
Most Overlooked Game of the Year
Afrika ( Rhino Studios , Sony Computer Entertainment )
Call of Juarez : Bound in Blood ( Techland , Ubisoft )
Ghostbusters : The Video Game ( Terminal Reality , Atari )
The Godfather II ( EA Redwood Shores , Electronic Arts )
The Path ( Tale of Tales , Tale of Tales )
Biggest Surprise of the Year
50 Cent : Blood on the Sand ( Swordfish Studios , THQ )
Batman : Arkham Asylum ( Rocksteady Studios , Eidos Interactive / Warner Bros. Interactive )
Demon ’s Souls ( From Software , Sony Computer Entertainment )
Saw ( Zombie Studios , Konami )
X - Men Origins : Wolverine ( Raven Software , Activision )
Best Trailer of the Year
Assassin ’s Creed II E3 2009 Trailer
Assassin ’s Creed II “ Ezio ’s Destiny ”
Halo ODST
“ We Are ODST ”
God of War III “ Epic Scale ”
Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 “ Infamy ”
Best Original Score
Borderlands ( Gearbox Software , 2K Games )
Demon ’s Souls ( From Software , Sony Computer Entertainment )
Dragon Age : Origins ( Bioware Edmonton , Electronic Arts )
Halo 3 : ODST ( Bungie , Microsoft Games Studio )
Nostalgia ( Matrix Software / Red Entertainment , Ignition Entertainment )
Best Licensed Score
Band Hero ( Neversoft , RedOctane )
The Beatles : Rock Band ( Harmonix , MTV Games )
Brütal Legend ( Double Fine Productions , Electronic Arts )
DJ Hero ( FreeStyleGames , Activision )
Madden NFL 2010 ( EA Tiburon , EA Sports )
Best News Story
EVERYTHING Delayed Until 2010
Hugh Jackman Top Pick for Uncharted Movie
Modern Warfare 2 Airport Level Controversy
Online Retailers Leak Most Exclusive Announcements
PS3 Price Drop Drama
Best Technical Presentation
Batman : Arkham Asylum ( Rocksteady Studios , Eidos Interactive / Warner Bros. Interactive )
Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 ( Infinity Ward , Activision )
inFAMOUS ( Sucker Punch Productions , Sony Computer Entertainment )
Killzone 2 ( Guerilla Games , Sony Computer Entertainment )
Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves ( Naughty Dog , Sony Computer Entertainment )
Best Sound Design
Afrika ( Rhino Studios , Sony Computer Entertainment )
Batman : Arkham Asylum ( Rocksteady Studios , Eidos Interactive / Warner Bros. Interactive )
Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 ( Infinity Ward , Activision )
inFAMOUS ( Sucker Punch Productions , Sony Computer Entertainment )
Killzone 2 ( Guerilla Games , Sony Computer Entertainment )
Best Narrative of the Year
Call of Juarez : Bound in Blood ( Techland , Ubisoft )
Ghostbusters : The Video Game ( Terminal Reality , Atari )
Grand Theft Auto : Episodes from Liberty City ( Rockstar North , Rockstar Games )
inFAMOUS ( Sucker Punch Productions , Sony Computer Entertainment )
Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves ( Naughty Dog , Sony Computer Entertainment )
Most Artistic Presentation
BlazBlue : Calamity Trigger ( Arc System Works , Aksys Games )
Flower ( ThatGameCompany , Sony Computer Entertainment )
MadWorld ( Platinum Games , Sega )
The Path ( Tale of Tales , Tale of Tales )
Street Fighter IV ( Dimps / Capcom , Capcom )
Most Disappointing Game of the Year
Kingdom Hearts 358/2 Days ( Square Enix , Square Enix )
Resident Evil 5 ( Capcom , Capcom )
Tony Hawk Ride ( RoboModo , Activision )
Turtles in Time : Re-shelled ( Dimps / Capcom , Capcom )
Wolfenstein ( Raven Software / id Software / Pi Studios , Activision )
Worst Game of the Year
Dead Rising : Chop Till You Drop ( TOSE Software Inc./Capcom Production Studio 1 , Capcom )
Eat Lead : The Return of Matt Hazard ( Vicious Cycle Software , D3 Publisher )
Onechanbara ( Tamsoft , D3 )
Sonic and the Black Knight ( Sonic Team , Sega )
Tony Hawk Ride ( RoboModo , Activision )
Alien Cake 1 By DavidArsenault Watch
120 Favourites 24 Comments 7 K Views
This one was done for a friends Birthday .
He is a giger aliens nut , so I made an attempt at doing an H R Giger aliens head cake .
The cake itself is a 5 layer devils food cake .
I used a vanilla icing for the filing and tinted it a yellow green to match the colour of the aliens acid blood exactly from the movies and comics .
The outer shell is made from marshmallow fondant .
The teeth and pincher tongue is made from gumpaste .
All of the final details and markings on the skin are painted with an airbrush .
The whole cake is 100 percent edible .
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 4288x2848px 4.07 MB
Make NIKON CORPORATION Model NIKON D5000 Shutter Speed 10/60 second Aperture F/4.5 Focal Length 22 mm ISO Speed 200 Date Taken Jan 4 , 2010 , 10:07:06 PM Show More
Published : Jan 8 , 2010
The number of houses placed under contract fell sharply in November in the first drop in nearly a year , figures released Tuesday show .
It was the clearest sign yet that predictions of another downturn in real estate may become a reality .
The National Association of Realtors said that its index of pending home sales plunged to 96 from a revised level of 114.3 in October .
Analysts had predicted a drop , but nothing like that .
“ We thought it would drop 2 percent , ” said Jennifer Lee of BMO Capital Markets .
“ When you see 16 percent , the first thing you say is , what the heck happened here ? ”
Since the majority of pending sales become final in six weeks to two months , the index is considered a reliable indicator of where the market is headed .
The index is calculated by comparing the number of pending sales with the level of 2001 , when the index was formulated .
The unladen swallow project comments on the global interpreter lock and suggests long term dropping reference counting in favour of GC .
http://code.google.com/p/unladen-swallow/wiki/ProjectPlan#Global_Interpreter_Lock .
They are also now favouring an incremental GIL removal from python .
However , confusing getting rid of the GIL , with requiring using garbage collection is wrong .
This mini-essay will explain why reference counting is good for python , and why you do not need to get rid of it for multiple CPU systems .
Then there will be descriptions of other improvements to python for multiple CPU systems that can be made .
Reference counting has a number of advantages over various GC schemes see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reference_counting#Advantages_and_disadvantages .
As a python programmer , optimizing for the programmer is what is most important ... and reference counting makes it easier for the programmer .
It makes programs much more deterministic , meaning that reference counting code is much easier to think about in our human heads .
Below are two real world examples of atomic reference counting .
This makes reference counting thread safe , by using atomic operations .
Here are two mainstream open source object systems that have implemented it : QT : from qt 4 released June 2005 : glib : released august 2005 .
It is possible to make reference counting thread safe in a performant , cross platform manner .
Using the argument against reference counting just because of the GIL and thread safeness is a bad argument - as proved by at least these two highly portable , highly performant , open source pieces of code .
Not just research papers , but real life code that has been used for a number of years now .
There has been a lot of research and real life code which improves reference counting , which python could take advantage of - rather than moving to a GC .
Simple Direct Media Layer also has a cross platform atomic operations API in SDL 1.3.
Locality of memory is much more important than using GC or reference counting .
That is operating on memory worrying about if it is in the caches ( L1, L2,L3 etc ) , also about locality to certain cpus / cores .
This is why modern memory allocators have a per thread heap ... to help memory allocated on one heap be accessed more easily by threads .
See NUMA for details .
NUMA factors play a BIG part in modern cpus already ... even on single cpu systems .
Designing for cache friendliness can give big speedups .
Reference counting can be a problem for cache friendly systems ... but it does n't need to be .
There are techniques for reducing , or removing NUMA issues with reference counting memory management .
Reducing memory usage of objects will also mean for faster threaded python programs .
From the pypy project :
More details here : http://morepypy.blogspot.com/2009/10/gc-improvements.html .
As you can see reducing the memory size of objects can have a massive effect on runtime .
Another memory optimization for python can come from reducing the amount of allocations done by python at run time .
Many real time systems have a policy of zero run time memory allocations .
For python this is hard , however there are probably a number of places where memory allocations could be removed , or reduced in python .
The pypy project tried to reduce the runtime memory allocations and found a number of them which sped things up .
Intelligent sizing of the stack is another memory optimization python could do .
Each new thread has a copy of its own stack .
So by having a very large stack , python can use less threads than is optimal .
An optimization could be to try and use a very small stack , and then resize it if necessary .
See the http://docs.python.org/library/thread.html for the thread.stack_size( [ size ] ) function .
Also speeding up GIL holding / removing will be good for those parts of python that already remove the GIL - especially on single CPU systems .
Currently grabbing the GIL is a fairly costly operation .
Using a method like that used by QT with atomic operations would be MUCH more efficient .
An incremental technique of GIL removal was taken by VMs like linux and * bsds ( eg freebsd , dragonfly bsd ) ( and glib , qt ) .
The idea is you make more fine grained locks on individual systems .
Then you can slowly remove the GIL from parts incrementally ... and you can test them .
Removing the GIL all at once is silly ... removing it piece by piece is a much better idea .
I think the unladen swallow project is now preferring an incremental approach to GIL removal ... which is nice .
A plan which approaches GIL removal incrementally is much more sane over all .
Designing APIs to work in manners better for threaded programs is another area python can get better performance on multi cpu systems .
For example , by finding calls which block and making sure they release the GIL .
Also by making batching APIs , allows not only avoiding the high cost of python function calls , but also makes that code embarrassingly easy to achieve parallelism .
One API that could be easily turned into a batching API is the import command .
When you import 10 modules at the top of your program , much of that work could be shared or done in parallel .
Likewise making the libraries be able to easily useDocumenting which calls release the GIL , or have fine grained locking / lock free programming can also help programmers more easily take advantage of multiple cpus .
Documenting which objects are safe to pickle will help people use the multiprocessing module , which does not work with objects unless the objects can be pickled .
Likewise using forking can allow you to use multiple processes on data that can not be pickled .
Since when you fork , the OS does the memory copying for you .
The advantage over the multiprocessing library , is that with forking you only need the results to be able to be pickled ... not the inputs .
Using wise madvise calls for mmap can also mark data which is read only ... making multi processing much more efficient .
Using madvise well , can mean much better copy on write behaviour .
Improving copy on write behaviour is good for multiple processes ... not just multiple threads .
Likewise talking to the OS about what the program needs in other ways will also help .
For example , if you know your program is going to use 1GB of data ... then tell the OS that at the start .
If you know it will eventually need 50 threads ... then tell it at the start .
If you know it needs a very small stack size ... then tell it at the start .
Modern CPUs have memory prefetching commands , which can help out with telling the CPU which memory you are likely to access next .
Likewise telling python , and the CPU that you want to only read or write to memory can help a lot with performance .
Apart from memory , there are many other OS level tweaks that can make your multi process python code go quicker .
For example , setting the process / thread priorities .
You can even ask your code to run with real time priority if it needs it .
This can reduce the latency of processing , and also speed up the throughput .
Easily gaining a 20 % increase in throughput , or a very big drop in latency .
If you do not care how fast your python program goes , then telling the OS so will help other processes in the system go faster .
Improving the performance of the built in primitives like the Queue / Mutex can also help python a lot .
I 've found that avoiding the python thread safe Queue can give you pretty good performance increases .
Instead just using a list and using its python level atomic operations ( documenting which python primitives are atomic would also help programmers a lot ) .
A multi thread safe event queue can be quite nice .
Especially if you can pass things into the queue at C level ... avoiding the GIL entirely .
There are a number of these available for python already ( eg pygame . fastevent ) .
In fact for python 3.2 the GIL has been reworked : http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-dev/2009-October/093321.html and the RLock primitive has been rewritten in C .
This ' newgil ' work has already been put into py3 k trunk .
However I think there is still quite a lot of room for improvement in the python GIL .
Another API design improvement are optimizations available for worker queues .
One is sending similar tasks and data to the same cpus / cores ... to take advantage of NUMA effects / cache ( eg , always sending the url " / dojob1 " to the same cpu ) .
Another worker queue optimisation is to reduce contention on the worker queue , by sending batches of tasks / data to the worker threads / processes .
Rather than one task / piece of data at a time ... divide the work up into many pieces and then send that across to the worker queues .
eg , sending a list of 1000 images to each of the cpus to process rather than have each cpu ask for a single image to process .
Dividing the work up into 16 parts of 100 each requires 16 interactions with the worker queue .
Having them take one thing at a time means 16000 interactions with the worker queue - that is 16000 * 16 more opportunities for GIL locking and thread contention .
Many operations in the python stdlib could be made to use multiple threads / processes internally at the library level .
Then people would n't need to know if the library is using async IO , threads , processes , or alien magic .
eg , a url downloader might be given a list of URLs to GET ... and return the responses .
Underneath the covers it could use an async library , or even multiple threads to get the job done .
This library level parallelism can happen if the APIs are given a batching design ... that is given multiple inputs , and expecting multiple outputs .
Then it is possible for library authors to try and choose the best technique .
Taking single inputs , and giving single outputs does not let the library authors implement parallel algorithms as easily .
In conclusion , there is a lot we can do to improve python on multi cpu systems without removing the GIL entirely .
An incremental approach to removing it from parts of python is a good idea as shown by other projects doing the same .
Removing reference counting from python is not needed , as there are good , proven ways of using reference counting in multi CPU systems .
Dear Lady Gaga Fan Club ,
In an age of ever soaring divorce rates we should celebrate love in whatever capacity humans experience it .
You are valuable contributors to society and you do not deserve to be treated like outcasts .
For these reasons I am very much in support of your right to marry , it is ridiculous that we deny you this basic privilege .
Nevertheless I have little tolerance when you bitch about your plight because as a straight man I would gladly trade my right to marry if I could have your sex life .
( Straight guys stay with me on this , I am about to present a moral dilemma on the magnitude of Sophie ’s Choice -- a movie I realize you probably have n’t seen because there are no Terminators in it .
And gay men before you disregard me as another misinformed " breeder " consider that I 've been immersed in your culture for over two years studying your ways .
If gay men were chimpanzees and West Hollywood the forests of Tanzania then I would be Jane Goodall . )
To return to my proposal , I shudder to imagine a world where even after scoring the girl of my dreams I would be denied the right to marry her .
The idea is truly callous .
But I would pay that price in a heartbeat if I could go to a free online dating site , “ Wink ” at whichever girls struck me , and have guilt free anonymous sex with one of them the same evening .
Gay men this is your dirty secret , you are living my sexual nirvana every day and you do n’t even appreciate it .
You can get ass with the same level of effort it takes me to order a pizza and hot wings , and you are n’t expected to tip .
And the most wondrous part of all , the gay mating ritual is usually bidirectional : you pursue and are pursued .
In other words if I lived your sex life girls would be coming at me like my dick was made of Jonas Brothers .
Not only are my gay friends ’ inboxes full of filthy propositions but they can go to a club , look good dancing , make out with everyone , and have meth - fueled tantric bathroom stall sex by 11:30 .
And let ’s not forget about their after - parties .
When last call rolls around and I ’m going home with a phone number like I ’m James Dean they ’re popping viagra and worrying how many people they will already know at this orgy .
I ’m not as knowledgeable of the ways of the lesbian but from what can tell they are just as ferocious as gay men .
I even know some girls that had group sex after a baby shower , it was as if they needed to ritually cleanse themselves after partaking in an institution of heterosexuality .
Gays I want what you have .
I do n’t even want to commit myself to one woman for eternity !
Please can we trade ?
Or at the very least , the next time you bemoan your lack of civil rights , please just think about all of the lies I have to convey to a girl before she ’ll let me tap that .
You probably think threesomes grow on trees , you lucky sons of bitches .
Yours truly , Straight Guy
Doctor Who and the Silver Spiral
Update 10th Feb : The Darker Projects team have produced a rather excellent audio drama version of Silver Spiral that you can download here .
Read the preamble ( why this story exists ) , and the aftermath .
Far across the universe , something big was about to happen .
The explosion would outshine an entire galaxy and be visible billions of kilometres away .
Its light would travel across the universe for millions of years but , aside from a few astronomers , it would go unnoticed on the Earth .
With a grating , wheezing noise , a small blue box flickered into existence .
NGC1058 - a spiral galaxy in Perseus and the host of SN 2007gr CREDIT : Bob Ferguson and Richard Desruisseau / Adam Block / NOAO / AURA / NSF NGC1058 - a spiral galaxy in Perseus and the host of SN 2007grBob Ferguson and Richard Desruisseau / Adam Block / NOAO / AURA /NSF
The TARDIS watches a supernova explosion CREDIT : SN : NASA / CXC / M.
Weiss ; TARDIS : BBC ; composition : Megan
The TARDIS watches a supernova explosionSN : NASA / CXC / M.
Weiss ; TARDIS : BBC ; composition : Megan
Nature , 463 ( 7280 ) , 516-518 DOI : Paragi , Z. , Taylor , G. , Kouveliotou , C. , Granot , J. , Ramirez - Ruiz , E. , Bietenholz , M. , van der Horst , A. , Pidopryhora , Y. , van Langevelde , H. , Garrett , M. , Szomoru , A. , Argo , M. , Bourke , S. , & Paczyński , B. ( 2010 ) .
A mildly relativistic radio jet from the otherwise normal type Ic supernova 2007 gr ( 7280 ) , 516-518 DOI : 10.1038/nature08713
The Astrophysical Journal , 672 ( 2 ) DOI : Crockett , R. , Maund , J. , Smartt , S. , Mattila , S. , Pastorello , A. , Smoker , J. , Stephens , A. , Fynbo , J. , Eldridge , J. , Danziger , I. , & Benn , C. ( 2008 ) .
The Birth Place of the Type Ic Supernova 2007gr ( 2 ) DOI : 10.1086/527299
Nature , 463 ( 7280 ) , 513-515 DOI : Soderberg , A. , Chakraborti , S. , Pignata , G. , Chevalier , R. , Chandra , P. , Ray , A. , Wieringa , M. , Copete , A. , Chaplin , V. , Connaughton , V. , Barthelmy , S. , Bietenholz , M. , Chugai , N. , Stritzinger , M. , Hamuy , M. , Fransson , C. , Fox , O. , Levesque , E. , Grindlay , J. , Challis , P. , Foley , R. , Kirshner , R. , Milne , P. , & Torres , M. ( 2010 ) .
A relativistic type Ibc supernova without a detected γ- ray burst ( 7280 ) , 513-515 DOI : 10.1038/nature08714
18:21 UTC ) | Permalink Posted by Megan on Wednesday 27th Jan 2010 ( ) | 57 Comments
" So , where are we ? " " Have a look ... " the Doctor replied , tapping a control , " but ... do n't step outside .
" The door of the TARDIS clicked open , and Martha gave him a quizzical look .
" Why , what 's out there ?
" " Take a look " he said , a lopsided grin on his face .
Gingerly , she pulled open the door of the police box and looked out .
" Oh my God , " exclaimed Martha .
" Is that real ? "
She was looking out at a vast star - scape , hundreds of stars embedded in swirling clouds of gas , stretching out as far as she could see .
" What ?
Of course it 's real ! " he laughed , looking out over her shoulder .
" It 's amazing !
Where are we ? " " A long time ago , in a galaxy far , far away ... " he quoted thoughtfully .
" What ? " " Sorry .
We 're in a galaxy the local species call the ' Silver Spiral ' .
From Earth , it 's a tiny , faint speck in the sky , somewhere in the constellation of Perseus .
You 'd never even notice it without a telescope .
These stars are part of a cluster formed just a few million years ago , out in one of the spiral arms . "
" It 's beautiful .
But ... why are we here ? " " Why not ? " he said .
" Have you ever seen a star explode ? !
" She stared at him .
" You see that one ? " he said , pointing to a large red star to one side of the cluster .
" It 's just one ordinary star doing what it does but , any minute now , for a tiny fraction of time , it will become brighter than this entire galaxy !
The explosion will be visible in the skies of thousands of species across hundreds of galaxies .
To most of them it 's just another transient star , but not you humans , oh no !
Scientists on your planet point as many telescopes as they can at it .
They even give it a name : 2007 gr .
" She grimaced .
" No , not very poetic really , " he admitted .
" Logical though - because they discover it in 2007 .
You lot , all you 've got to understand the universe are the photons you collect , those tiny little pathetic scraps of energy that travel on through the universe until they hit something .
And yet you know so much !
That 's what I love about you humans , always curious , always trying to understand , study and catalogue the universe , and , even when you do n't know all the facts , always blundering on ... " " You can talk ! " retorted Martha .
" Yeah ... gets me into trouble , " he said with a grin that stretched from ear to ear , " but that 's half the fun !
"
" So it 's a star that 's actually going to explode ? " " Yep ! " he paused .
" Well , technically , there 's a collapse first , then an explosion . " " Oh . "
She looked worried .
" Hang on , are n't we a bit close ?
Should n't we , well , move out of the way ? " " Nah !
We 'll be fine . " " But it 's made of wood ! " " Trust me , she 's tougher than she looks .
" Pressing buttons , shifting levers and twisting knobs , the Doctor danced around the console .
You 'd never guess he was 900 years old , she thought , he acts more like an excitable five year old half the time .
" Doctor , " she asked , looking out at the star through the open door , " why does it collapse ? " " Hmm ? " he said distractedly .
" Oh , it runs out of fuel . " " Like an engine ? " " More like a nuclear fusion reactor .
The temperature and pressure in the core of a star are so high that hydrogen nuclei fuse together forming helium , that 's what creates all that heat and light that keeps Earth from freezing .
" " The Sun is a giant fusion reactor ? " asked Martha in disbelief .
" Oh yeah , the Sun has been fusing hydrogen for , oooo , five billion years by your time . " " Wow .
So when a star runs out of hydrogen .... what , it stops ? " " Then , " he said excitedly , " it starts to shrink .
The temperature and pressure go up as it collapses until it's hot and dense enough that the helium nuclei start to undergo fusion .
"
" The helium that was made from fusing the hydrogen ? " " Right .
And when it runs out of helium to fuse ... " " It shrinks and gets hotter , right ?
" He nodded .
" It shrinks , gets hotter , and starts fusing the helium forming carbon , nitrogen , oxygen - the stuff that makes up most of you .
Just think , you 're made from chemicals that were created in the heart of a star . "
He grinned at her again .
She looked down at her own hands curiously .
" All right , say I believe you , you still have n't explained why it explodes ! " " Ah , well , eventually if a star is heavy enough , that burning process carries on through heavier and heavier elements , going faster and faster until it gets all the way to iron .
Once you get to iron , you need a lot of extra energy to keep the fusion going , and there 's no where for it to come from .
The core starts to collapse again , but uncontrollably this time ... " " Pulled by gravity ?
" He nodded again . " ... until it reaches the density of nuclear matter , effectively becoming one giant atomic nucleus , but then there 's nowhere for it to go but back out the way it came , and KABOOM ! " he yelled , causing Martha to jump in surprise , " the material in the core rebounds and causes a shock wave which rips through the star , stopping the inward fall of material and causing an explosion .
"
" So does every star do that ?
Oh my God , is that going to happen to the Sun ? " " No , " he laughed .
" The Sun 's not nearly heavy enough .
It is quite common though , pretty much every star more than about eight times the mass of the Sun will end its life this way .
"
" So why is this one so special ? " Martha asked , puzzled .
" Aha , wait and see ! " " Look , there , it 's about to go !
An explosion with the energy of ten octillion megatons of TNT , such a violent comparison ... " he paused , with a curious expression on his face .
" Ah !
I 've got it , it 's the same energy released in one second as a star like your Sun releases in 30 * billion * years ! " he said triumphantly .
" How long ? " Martha exclaimed .
" Oh , except the Sun is n't going to last that long .
It turns into a red giant in , ooo , about the year five billion .
Then it expands and swallows the Earth .
I should know , I was there .
" Martha gaped at him .
" Oh yeah . "
He paused , " I met the Face of Boe that day . " " Oh my God , you 're serious ! " " Always " , he grinned again .
" Any moment now , wait for it .... * there !*
And look , there , do you see those jets of material ?
They 're moving at about one hundred and fifty thousand kilometres every second , that 's about half the speed of light !
" Martha stared at the spectacle in front of her .
Where , a moment ago , there had been a fairly ordinary - looking large red star , there was now such a bright light that it hurt to look at it .
Peering down she saw a jet of material shooting away from the site of the explosion .
She tried to make out what was in it , but it was just a blur .
" But , " she said , turning back to the interior of the TARDIS , " is n't light the fastest thing in the universe ? " " That 's right , nothing travels faster , the ultimate speed limit !
You need a lot of energy to travel that fast , and there is n't enough energy even in a supernova to do that .
This stuff is pretty quick though , and this is the first time astronomers on the Earth have seen an outflow like that happen . " " Hang on , " said Martha .
" You said astronomers on earth called this explosion 2007 gr because they saw it in 2007 ?
But light takes time to travel anywhere , and the Earth must be miles away .... " " Thirty five million light years , or thereabouts . " replied the Doctor .
She looked puzzled .
" And a light year is ...?
" " The distance light travels in an Earth year .
One light year is about , oh , nine and a half thousand billion kilometres .
"
" So does that mean we 're way in the past ?
Are there dinosaurs running around on Earth right now ? "
Martha asked excitedly .
" Not likely , they mostly got wiped out sixty five million years before your time .
That was quite a day , " he muttered .
" No , thirty five million years ago mammals were running around on land and there were even sharks starting to appear in the oceans . "
He leaned on the console and looked at Martha .
" Now , there 's an idea , how would you like to see prehistoric Earth ? "
He pushed a couple of buttons on the console , then looked up quickly , his eyes sparkling , focussed behind Martha , looking out the open doors .
" I 've always wanted to try this ... " he said quietly .
" Try what ? " asked Martha suspiciously .
" This !
Here it comes , hang on to something !
" A second later , the shockwave hit .
Tossed about like a leaf in a hurricane , the TARDIS bounced around , riding the shock front like an insane surfer .
Martha grabbed the edge of the console and clung on for dear life .
She looked across at the Doctor , but he did n't look worried .
Quite the opposite in fact .
He had that expression of childlike excitement and wonder on his face .
" Woooo hoooooo ! " he yelled .
" Now that 's the way to travel ! " " You , " she exclaimed , " are * completely * mad ! " " Oh yes ! " he grinned back as the shock passed by .
The TARDIS slowly righted itself and once more dematerialised .
What you have just read is a fictional story .
Supernova 2007 gr was real , however , and the event described is based on the paper " A mildly relativistic radio jet from the normal Type Ic Supernova 2007 gr " by Paragi et al , published in Nature on January 28th 2010 .
Read the press release from JIVE .
You can also hear an audio version of the story I narrated for a laugh .
Thanks to everyone who read and commented on early drafts , especially PS and JB !
Doctor Who and the TARDIS are trademarks of the BBC .
SALT LAKE CITY — A man once on the Salt Lake Police Department 's " Most Wanted " list has been sentenced to a year behind bars for beating a gay man last year .
Fa Junior Moi Moi , 21 , was sentenced by 3rd District Judge Deno Himonas after Moi Moi pleaded guilty to one count of aggravated assault with deadly force , which was reduced as part of a plea bargain to a third - degree felony from a first - degree felony .
The plea deal also resulted in dismissal of another charge of aggravated assault , a first - degree felony , and simple assault , a class A misdemeanor .
Police said Moi Moi and several of his friends met an 18 - year - old man Aug. 9 , 2008 , at an overlook in Salt Lake City on Churchill Drive .
They talked and all seemed well until Moi Moi asked the man if he was gay .
" He took a photo with the victim , and when he found out he was gay , he assaulted him , " police said .
The man who was beaten ended up with several broken bones in his face .
Police eventually extradited Moi Moi from Hawaii , where he had fled .
Himonas put Moi Moi on probation for 36 months , ordered him to pay restitution of more than $ 36,000 , write a letter of apology to the victim , avoid gangs and complete 200 hours of community service .
The judge also directed Moi Moi to get a substance abuse evaluation and take part in any recommended treatment .
— Linda Thomson
Status
Docs not available build log ]
All reported builds failed as of 2016 - 12 - 31 all 8 reports ]
Trading Block
Debating where the dollar and commodities are likely headed this week , with Peter Beutel , Cameron Hanover president ; Nick Bennenbroek , Wells Fargo head of currency strategy ; Philip Gotthelf , Equidex president ; & CNBC 's Rick Santelli .
WASHINGTON — Verizon Wireless said a new $ 350 fee that it charges some subscribers to break cell - phone contracts is necessary to cover its higher costs and the " risks " of offering high - speed wireless Internet service .
The wireless giant offered up a defense of its new fee — double the fee charged to other subscribers — in response to an inquiry by the Federal Communications Commission .
Verizon 's higher early - termination fee applies to smart phones , including Motorola 's new Droid .
Getty Images
The fee applies to smart phones , including some BlackBerry models and the new Motorola Droid phone .
" The higher ( early termination fee ) associated with Advanced Devices reflects the higher costs associated with offering those devices to consumers at attractive prices , the costs and risks of investing in the broadband network to support these devices , and other costs and risks , " Verizon wrote in a letter Friday to the FCC .
Verizon Wireless is a joint venture between Verizon Communications Inc. VZ 0.42 % and Vodafone Group PLC .
An FCC spokeswoman did n't immediately comment on the letter .
Earlier this month , the FCC asked for more information from Verizon about the $ 350 charge for some subscribers who break their cell - phone contracts .
The letter was part of a broader inquiry the FCC has launched into competition and business practices in the wireless phone industry .
Agency officials are considering what , if anything , they should do to require companies to offer more information about the monthly fees subscribers pay and whether to impose new rules to help consumers who want to break cell phone contracts early .
The early termination fee is unpopular with many subscribers because it prevents them from dumping wireless providers that offer spotty service or who do n't offer the latest must - have - it phones .
Last month , the Government Accountability Office released a report that found " early termination fees " were among the top four consumer complaints on wireless issues to the FCC from 2004 to 2008 .
Several wireless carriers , including Verizon Wireless , AT&T Inc. and Sprint Nextel Corp. , pro-rate the fees so that consumers who break their contracts early do n't have to pay the entire $ 175 or $ 200 fee .
Wireless carriers argue that they need to charge the fees to help recoup the cost of offering free or low - cost handsets to consumers .
Consumers can buy phones at full price and subscribe to wireless services on no-contract plans , the industry says .
In its letter , Verizon said the termination fee also covers some operating costs of the business , including some advertising .
The agency is also looking into complaints about whether some Verizon subscribers have been getting hit with a $ 1.99 fee for inadvertently accessing Verizon 's Mobile Web service .
Verizon said that the fee is n't charged if a customer " simply launches the Internet browser and lands on the Verizon Wireless Mobile Web homepage " but said that if subscribers believe they 've been charged for " minimal accidental usage " they can call customer support and ask for a refund .
Write to Amy Schatz at Amy.Schatz@wsj.com
A third of respondents who obtain music illegally do so on a daily basis
The number of people downloading music illegally is not decreasing , despite the availability of new legal services , according to a music industry research .
A survey for The British Phonographic Industry ( BPI ) revealed one in three consumers are using illegal sites .
BPI chief executive Geoff Taylor said the findings were " disappointing " and expressed concern at a rise in illegal downloads from blogs and newsgroups .
More than 3,000 people aged between 16 and 54 took part in the online poll .
When questioned about their future plans , current users of unauthorised services reported that they actually intended to increase their illegal activities in the coming six months .
' Great choice '
The survey showed an increase in the use of web - based , or non -peer - to - peer methods , during the last six months .
Filesharing through methods like BitTorrent remained level .
Mr Taylor said : " There are now more than 35 legal digital music services in the UK , offering music fans a great choice of ways to get music legally .
" It 's disappointing that levels of illegal peer - to - peer use remain high despite this and the publicity surrounding imminent measures to address the problem .
It 's vital that those measures come into force as quickly as possible .
" The growth in other , non - peer - to - peer methods of downloading music illegally is a concern , and highlights the importance of including a mechanism in the Digital Economy Bill to deal with threats other than peer - to - peer . "
Despite the levels of piracy , the BPI was able to announce in October that we are living in " the era of the digital single " , after figures revealed 2009 was biggest ever year for UK singles , with more than 117 m sold .
Of those , 98.6 % were purchased in digital formats .
However , the BPI estimate there are still more than a billion illegal downloads every year in the UK .
Mr Taylor said that figure demonstrated how the market could " explode " if the government tackled illegal filesharing .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I was heading out for Thanksgiving vacation when FDIC released the quarterly banking profile , so I was n’t able to update an important chart : Total Insured Deposits , Unofficially …..
( ht Stephen Culp )
When the world was falling apart , FDIC increased deposit insurance limits …. to $ 250,000 for individual non-retirement accounts and unlimited for business transaction accounts .
But those increases were treated as “ temporary ” and so left out of FDIC ’s total .
Since the $ 250,000 limit was extended to 2013 — decidedly not “ temporary ” — FDIC started collecting that data from its member banks .
The data was published for the first time in Q3 .
So in Q3 , the official figure — which includes $ 250 k limits — jumped from $ 4.8 trillion to $ 5.3 trillion .
Throw in the $ 761 billion insured by the transaction account guarantee program and you ’ve got a total of $ 6.1 trillion of insured deposits .
Compare to Q3 ’08 .
Back then , before all the emergency measures , the total was $ 4.5 trillion .
So the increases added $ 1.6 trillion , or 34 % , to the total .*
I ’ve juxtaposed that with the reserve balance on the Deposit Insurance Fund .
It ’s now negative , though that does n’t mean FDIC is out of cash .
And they ’ve got another $ 45 billion coming this quarter , but for accounting reasons the reserve will still be listed as negative .**
But even with that cash coming in , the FDIC ’s resources are under a lot of pressure .
With 552 banks and $ 346 billion in assets on the “ problem ” list , FDIC will struggle to pay its bills .
Sheila will have to increase assessments on banks at some point , or start drawing on FDIC ’s credit line at Treasury …
— — ——
* The transaction account guarantee program is scheduled to expire in June of next year .
** The $ 45 billion to be collected is n’t a “ special ” assessment , it ’s front - loading three years of “ regular ” assessments .
The distinction is crucial .
Since these assessments are regular , banks can treat them as a prepaid expense on their balance sheet , i.e. as an asset to be drawn down quarterly .
That means they only have to draw down capital quarterly .
The flip side is that FDIC ca n’t count the $ 45 billion as revenue .
It has to treat it as “ deferred revenue . ”
Deferred revenue is a liability on the balance sheet .
Normally an assessment counts as revenue , which is added to the DIF ’s equity balance .
Do n’t you just love accounting ?
President Obama thanked predecessors George W. Bush and Bill Clinton today for heading up a new Haiti fundraising project , and asked them to tap America 's compassion to help the impoverished nation devastated by a deadly earthquake .
" In times of great challenge in our country and around the world , Americans have always come together to lend a hand and to serve others and to do what 's right , " Obama said at the White House , flanked by the former presidents .
During brief remarks in the Rose Garden , Bush and Clinton both praised Obama for the government 's initial response to the earthquake disaster .
Both told Americans the best way help is to give money as soon as possible to finance relief workers who are already arriving in Haiti .
" I know a lot of people want to send blankets and water , " Bush said while making his first visit to the White House since his presidency ended .
" Just send your cash . "
Clinton said the new project -- The Clinton - Bush Haiti Fund -- is designed to be " a place where people can know their money will be spent . "
It can be accessed at clintonbushhaitifund.org .
Bush and Clinton are heading up the same kind of fundraising effort for Haiti that Bush 's father and Clinton did for the victims of tsunami that hit Asia in late 2004 .
Obama called it a " model that works , " one with a big advantage .
" America has no greater resource than the strength and the compassion of the American people , " Obama said .
The two ex-presidents also sat for television interviews to be aired tomorrow on the Sunday morning talks shows -- the questions were restricted to Haiti only .
In the Rose Garden , Clinton spoke of his long - time personal connection to Haiti , including the fact that he and wife Hillary honeymooned there .
" I was in those hotels that collapsed , " he said .
" I 've had meals with people who are dead . "
Bush -- who took major heat for the government 's response to Hurricane Katrina in 2005 -- commended Obama for " a swift and timely response to the disaster . "
Obama said the new Bush - Clinton partnership is a signal to the world that " in these difficult hours , Americans stand united . "
He also warned that rebuilding Haiti will take time -- lots of it .
" Our longer - term effort will not be measured in days and weeks , " Obama said .
" It will be measured in months and even years . "
Before their remarks , Obama , Bush and Clinton met privately in the Oval Office .
Oh , to be a fly on that wall .
Bush had not been back to the White House since his last hour as president , a year ago Jan. 20 .
In the months since , Obama and his aides have repeatedly cited " the mess " that they " inherited " from the Bush administration , from the financial crisis to wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Bush , who left office with very low approval ratings , has been silent on Obama 's presidency .
But high - ranking backers such as former vice president Dick Cheney have assailed Obama on items ranging from his health care plan to counter - terrorism policies .
The Obama - Clinton relationship has also been in the news lately , thanks to a new book on the 2008 presidential campaign .
In Game Change , authors John Heilemann and Mark Halperin report that Clinton regularly blasted Obama as the latter fought Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination ; Obama often returned the favor to the ex-president .
Since Obama became president , however , he and Clinton have worked on a variety of issues , including the nuclear threat from North Korea .
The authors of Game Change also reported that Clinton and Bush speak regularly by telephone .
So we suspect this morning 's chat was fairly comfortable .
After all , these three guys belong to a rather exclusive club .
Meanwhile , here 's a White House statement on how the Haiti project came together :
Shortly after learning of the magnitude of the destruction in Haiti , the President determined that any relief effort would have to be sustained over the long term , and would require a substantial private component .
Furthermore , as donations and offers to help immediately began to pour in , it became clear that a point of coordination was necessary to facilitate the contributions of individuals and other non-governmental organizations .
The President admired the substantial success of the effort to raise money and awareness in the aftermath of the Tsunami , and believed that a similar effort would be necessary to respond to a challenge of this magnitude .
The President called George W. Bush at 6:35 PM on Wednesday , January 13th to discuss the idea .
The President also discussed the idea with Secretary Clinton .
( Posted by David Jackson )
By Andrew Benson
Kubica wanted reassurances about the new owner 's plans for Renault Robert Kubica has decided to stick with the Renault team following their sale to new owners last month .
The Pole , one of the most highly rated drivers , had a clause in his contract that allowed him to leave if the team was not wholly owned by Renault .
But he will stay for the 2010 season following talks with Luxembourg private investment group Genii Capital , which now owns 75 % of the team .
Kubica wanted " clarification of the new situation " , his manager told BBC Sport .
" We are going in the right direction , " added Daniel Morelli .
" There were no doubts , really , but it was very important we understood who were in the key roles in the team and of course also the budget - it is fundamental you have that for the updates to the car . "
Asked directly whether Kubica would now definitely be driving for Renault in 2010 , Morelli said : " Yes . "
A Renault source confirmed that an agreement had been reached that would see Kubica drive for the team in 2010 .
It 's useless if the driver gets more money if you have a weak car and lose ( performance ) bonuses .
It 's better to score points and make podiums than to earn more money
Daniel Morelli
Robert Kubica 's manager Morelli denied that Kubica , who he said was planning to visit the team 's Oxfordshire base this week , had been using the change of ownership to push for an increased salary .
" It is totally untrue that we were asking for more money , " said Morelli .
" It is not in our interests to take advantage .
We want the money for the team .
" Robert wants a performing car .
It 's useless if the driver gets more money if you have a weak car and lose ( performance ) bonuses .
It 's better to score points and make podiums than to earn more money . "
Morelli said he and Kubica had not yet met new team owner Gerard Lopez , nor the man who the Luxembourg businessman introduced to Renault F1 staff before Christmas as the new team principal , Frenchman Eric Boullier .
Renault , which retains a 25 % shareholding in the team and total ownership of the F1 engine design facility near Paris , has not yet officially confirmed Boullier 's position , nor that of technical director Bob Bell .
606 : DEBATE Once Shumi confirmed I knew Kubica would fully commit to Renault .
Lucky Renault
MercyMurcia
But Morelli said he believed both men would probably be confirmed in those roles within the next two weeks .
He described the team 's budget for 2010 as " reasonable " but added that he had not been told where the funding was coming from , only that Lopez planned to bring in new sponsors .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - A TV producer pleaded not guilty on Friday to a $ 2 million extortion attempt against talk show host David Letterman a day after the comedian stunned Americans by revealing the plot -- and his sexual affairs with co-workers -- on his own show .
Robert Joel Halderman , a producer for the CBS news show “ 48 Hours , ” was indicted by a grand jury on Thursday and pleaded not guilty to charges of attempted grand larceny in a New York court appearance on Friday .
Letterman , 62 , admitted on his “ Late Show with David Letterman ” on CBS on Thursday night that he had sex with women who worked with him on the program .
To a mixture of gasps and laughter , Letterman told his audience he went to authorities after receiving a package threatening to reveal the details .
Prosecutors said on Friday that Halderman appeared at Letterman ’s Manhattan home on September 9 and left a package in the comedian ’s car with a one - page screenplay outlining the affairs and a letter demanding “ a large chunk of money . ”
Letterman , a fixture of late - night TV since 1982 , married in March for a second time .
The couple had a son in 2003 .
Halderman faces a maximum sentence of 15 years in prison if convicted .
The judge set bail at $ 200,000 .
His lawyer , Gerald Shargel , said the incident “ is far more complex than what you heard this afternoon . ”
Slideshow ( 4 images )
Several news websites said one of the women involved with Letterman was a former assistant on his show who also lived with Halderman for some time .
They said the affair apparently ended before Letterman ’s son was born .
OUTRAGE AND APPLAUSE
Letterman ’s decision to come clean about the suspected blackmail attempt , and admit affairs with members of his staff , was met with applause and outrage from fans and the media .
The CBS.com website made no mention of the revelations , but a video on YouTube of Letterman ’s account of the matter had been watched more than 3,300 times .
Entertainment Weekly ’s Ken Tucker called the admission “ an extraordinary piece of television ” that could play out in unpredictable ways for Letterman and CBS .
“ He took what could be a damaging scandal , a tale of blackmail and workplace relationships , and turned it into a story that was at least in part about what he termed his ‘ towering , Midwestern mass of guilt , ’ ” Tucker wrote .
Some viewers of his show applauded Letterman for admitting the affairs .
But a posting on the Washingtonpost.com comment site read : “ Ewwwww...sex with Letterman ???
He ’s such a sleaze . ”
Others took the admission more seriously .
“ In a world where people are chastised and made a mockery for having affairs ....
Dave gets off with laughs ?
...
For the audience to laugh and applaud is just another sign of how this country has lost its morals , ” wrote Mike G on the Kansas City Star newspaper message boards .
Letterman was also targeted in 2005 when police pre-empted a plot to kidnap his son and ransom him for $ 5 million .
Watch The Program
This hour - long program is divided into eight chapters .
Choose any chapter below and select QuickTime or Real Video to begin viewing .
If you experience difficulty viewing , it may be due to high demand .
We regret this , and suggest you try back at another time .
Due to rights restrictions this program is not available for downloading .
Feedback | Technical Help | Program Credits
Program Transcript | Program Update | For Teachers
Donate $ 25 for two DVDs of the Cryptome collection of files from 1996 to the present Natsios Young Architects 27 December 2009 .
Add three following Air Force reports on on the Silver Bullet .
http://search.dma.mil/search?q=cache:-r9JWCHhlmgJ:www.mcguire.af.mil/news/story_print.asp%3F
id%3D123032223+%22c2+module%22&access=p&output=xml_no_dtd&ie=UTF-8&client=DEFENSE_
frontend&site=airforce_all&proxystylesheet=DEFENSE_frontend&oe=ISO-8859-1 21st AMOS , Silver Bullet bring command , control to sky by By Lt. Col. John Millard
21st Air Mobility Operations Squadron commander
11/17/2006 - MCGUIRE AIR FORCE BASE , N.J. --
The 21st Air Mobility Operations Squadron is a dynamic , total force squadron of 36 different Air Force specialties .
During its 30 - year history , the squadron has evolved into a weapon system of recognized experts in air mobility leadership , strategic and operational planning , command and control , theater mobility support and expeditionary communications .
Not only does it produce theater air mobility operations for combatant commanders as the core of an air mobility division in an air and space operations center , the squadron also execute the distinguished visitor [ DV ] airborne communication mission .
This is unique to the Air Force , and it is the only squadron to provide this capability with the Silver Bullet and VIPER II Aeronautical Terminal systems .
The DV airborne communication mission started in the early 1990s when a requirement to transport DVs into and out of a high - threat or austere environment was needed .
Air Mobility Command , working with combatant commanders , developed a mobile command and control module that could be loaded onto a C - 141 aircraft to provide long - range transportation with a robust global communications capability .
The C2 module was a palletized Airstream trailer , with an embedded communications suite , and became known as the Silver Bullet .
Two Silver Bullets were developed by the Air Force Research Laboratories , one was stationed at McGuire and the other at Yokota Air Base , Japan .
In the mid-90s , both Silver Bullets received a separate communications module to provide UHF / VHF communications and commercial satellite voice and data services .
During the same period , the mission at McGuire became the responsibility of the 621st Air Mobility Operations Group .
In 1998 , the capability to transport the Silver Bullet was expanded to include the KC - 10 , and then expanded to the C - 17 in 2000 .
In late 2005 , the Yokota Bullet became permanently assigned to McGuire and the communication mission is currently assigned to the 21st AMOS .
Each Silver Bullet mission typically deploys with three satellite communications maintainers who are trained in UHF / VHF communications and commercial satellite voice and data services .
The Airmen serve as both operators and maintainers in - flight and are the key to the program 's success .
Their expertise includes aircraft loads and connections and the applicable technical challenges of maintaining connectivity at 30,000 feet while moving at 400 knots .
The typical mission lasts five - to - seven days , and the troops maintain a TDY rate greater than 200 days a year .
The Silver Bullet is literally an office in the sky with a full suite of command and control capabilities spanning all entities of the U.S. government and military .
People who use the Silver Bullet include the vice president , secretary of defense , secretary of state , chairman , joint chiefs of staff , members of Congress and many of the combatant commanders .
This vital capability is not executed alone ; the squadron works closely with the 605th Aircraft Maintenance Squadron to keep the mission on track .
The 21st AMOS Communications Flight is also responsible for maintaining and executing the mission with a more flexible and mobile system called VIPER II .
VIPER II is a transit case - based satellite communications system .
It is designed to give the technicians the ability to hand carry the system on and off C - 17 , KC - 10 , and C - 130 airframes .
This system deploys with two maintainers and provides the robust communication capability required in DV travel .
There are STEs for secure voice and SIPRNET / NIPRNET connectivity utilizing four , 64 K satellite channels for both the data and voice communication .
The 21st AMOS has transformed into a squadron with an amazing skill set .
Whenever a DV needs global communication connectivity while traveling into and out of austere or hostile locations , it is the 21st AMOS who takes them to the fight .
The Silver Bullet is an amazing system for the long range deployments of the senior leaders .
And when the requirement is to get them into and out of the really remote sites , VIPER II is the perfect choice .
The 21st AMOS is a leading expeditionary force , maintaining a forward posture to support our senior leaders and " ready to roll " at a moment 's notice .
http://www.e-publishing.af.mil/shared/media/epubs/AFI11-2KC-10V3_TRAVISAFB_I.pdf 13.14 . Cargo and Material Handling Equipment ( MHE ) Issues .
13.14.1 . Joint Task Force / C2 Module .
The C2 module ( CCM ) is a 36 - foot long Airstream - type trailer built in 3 sections commonly referred to as the  Silver Bullet . 
Each section is permanently mounted on 12 - foot long airdrop pallets .
Since the trailer is not FAA certified for occupancy during takeoff or landing , do not occupy for takeoff or landing .
Procedures for installing the module are in Section 5 of T.O. 1C - 10 ( K ) A - 9 and Chapter 25 of this instruction .
13.14.1.1 .
The module has the capability to carry up to 10 personnel , four in seats with seat belts .
When cleared by the PIC the communications suite operator and flight attendants ( FAs ) will proceed to the module after take - off , establish power application , and establish interphone contact with the cockpit .
Once interphone contact has been established , additional personnel will be cleared to the module .
The right side section of the environmental curtain and cargo barrier net should be stowed to allow easy access to the module after passing 10,000 feet MSL and reinstalled after the module has been cleared prior to final landing .
Interphone contact will be established and maintained with the module operator anytime the module is occupied .
13.14.1.2 .
The CCM is equipped with 10 EPOS units .
In the event of a loss of cabin pressurization all occupants of the module will don the EPOS and proceed to the forward cabin when directed by the AC or a uniformed flight crewmember .
Once seated in the forward cabin , they will be directed to use the drop - down masks as required .
13.14.1.3 .
The PIC remains responsible for the safety of all occupants of the module , and all additional individuals associated with the mission .
13.14.1.4 .
Normally , FAs will accompany the CCM and manage the DV and accompanying party .
When reporting for the mission , they will provide the PIC with a current ground training report and copy of the most current AF IMT 8 certifying that they are current and qualified to operate equipment on the KC - 10 .
FAs are qualified to operate doors ( normal and emergency operation ) , brief and monitor passengers , accomplish customs and border clearance , and operate emergency equipment located in the forward cabin and cargo compartment .
The lead FA will coordinate duties with the senior BO before the mission .
Management of the DV and party is the primary responsibility of the senior FA ; however , the overall responsibility of managing the forward cabin and cargo compartment rests with the senior BO on board the aircraft .
http://www.e-publishing.af.mil/shared/media/epubs/AFI11-2SAM-CSMV3_86AW_I.pdf. 3.2.2.1. Flight Attendant / CSO Crew Complements on Organic AMC  Silver Bullet  ( KC-10/C-17/C-141/KC-135 ) Missions .
For planning , the normal FA / CSO crew complement for basic FDP organic AMC missions will include 2 flight attendants and , if required , 1 CSO .
The crew complement for augmented FDP organic AMC missions will consist of 3 flight attendants and , if required , 2 CSOs .
At least one flight attendant will be MT qualified on an aircraft and , if required , at least one CSO will be MK qualified .
All others will be at least FT or FK qualified .
OG / CC , through unit C2 , will determine the actual CSO / FA crew complement ( increased or decreased ) based upon passenger loads , configuration , and mission requirements .
OG / CC will maintain waiver authority over CSO / FA crew complements on all organic AMC missions .
25 December 2009 .
Add ten photos of the Airborne Operations Center interior .
22 December 2009 .
Add photo of the Silver Bullet shot 12 April 2005 .
21 December 2009
This shows the " executive compartment " installed in a C - 17 Globemaster to provide comfortable travel accommodations
for the Secretary of Defense , VIPs and senior officers .
It appears to be three - sections of joined Airstream mobile - home type units .
Nearby appears to be a communications module .
It is not clear how many there are of these special installations .
Air Force
personnel call this the " Silver Bullet " ( ref 1 ) ( ref 2 ) .
Source Uploaded to Flickr June 9 , 2005 by ByronM , who writes :
If you have to spend 15 hours in the back of a plane , might as well do it in comfort .
This is an old airstream trailer cut into pallet - size easily loadable chunks .
While obviously very comfy , it 's main value is the massive number of comm options it provides its passengers .
[ No location provided . ]
A trailer sits inside a U.S. Air Force C - 17 cargo plane where U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates sits while enroute to Baghdad , Iraq December 10 , 2009 over Afghanistan .
Secretary Gates stopped in Iraq following a two day trip to Afghanistan one week after U.S. President Barack Obama announced that he will send an additional 30,000 troops to Afghanistan .
Getty
White House staff , press and Secret Service personnel sit outside a luxury
trailer where U.S. first lady Laura Bush flies in privacy inside a C - 17 military
aircraft for seven hours from Afghanistan to Slovenia , after a surprise visit to
Afghanistan , June 8 , 2008 .
Reuters
C - 17 Swank Flying Residence Eyeball
This appears to be the earliest photo ( 4/12/2005 ) of the Silver Bullet on the DoD imagery site .
It shows the Airstream is not yet as securely strapped as in later photos .
Members of the Office of the Secretary of Defense ( SECDEF ) and the traveling press work diligently around the " Silver Bullet , " an Airstream trailer serving as an airborne command center , on board the US Air Force ( USAF ) C - 17A Globemaster III in flight over Iraq .
Date Shot : 4/12/2005 .
Date Posted : unknown U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates ' delegation works aboard a C - 17 Globemaster III aircraft , based out of Charleston Air Force Base , S.C. , en route to Baghdad , Iraq , July 28 , 2009 .
Gates is traveling to Iraq to receive operational updates and meet with key Iraqi officials .
( U.S. Air Force photo by Master Sgt. Jerry Morrison / Released ) Date Posted : 7/29/2009
The cattle version for comparison : U.S. Marines with 2nd Battalion , 7th Marines Regiment wait aboard a C - 17 Globemaster III aircraft at Manas Air Base , Kyrgyz Republic , March 27 , 2008 , to be flown to Kandahar Air Base in the Helman province of Afghanistan .
( U.S. Marine Corps photo by Lance Cpl. Jason T. Guiliano ) ( Released ) Date Posted : unknown .
Department of Defense officials and military members enjoy a meal onboard a C - 17 Globemaster III aircraft from Travis Air Force Base , Calif. , Dec. 3 , 2007 , while enroute to Kabul , Afghanistan , from Djibouti during a recent trip with Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates .
Gates is on a weeklong trip to Africa Command and U.S. Central Command areas of responibility for defense updates .
DoD photo by Tech . Sgt. Jerry Morrison , U.S. Air Force . ( Released ) Date Posted : unknown U.S. Air Force Tech .
Sgts. Tamara Collum and Rob Ferry , both flight attendants from the 89th Operations Support Squadron 's Special Air Mission , prepare a meal onboard a C - 17 Globemaster III aircraft from Travis Air Force Base , Calif. , for Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates and his delegation while enroute to Kabul , Afghanistan , Dec. 3 , 2007 .
DoD photo by Tech .
Sgt. Jerry Morrison , U.S. Air Force . ( Released ) Date Posted : unknown Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates and members of his staff take a flight on board a U.S. Air Force C - 17 Globemaster III aircraft to Kabul , Afghanistan , Sept. 16 , 2008 .
Gates is in Southwest Asia to meet with Iraqi and Afghan leaders and to preside over the change of command ceremony for Multi-National Force - Iraq .
( DoD photo by Tech . Sgt. Jerry Morrison , U.S. Air Force / Released ) Date Posted : 9/16/2008 Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates holds a press conference on board a C - 17 Globemaster aircraft en route to Iraq Feb. 10 , 2008 .
Gates decided on the unannounced trip to Iraq following the Munich Security Conference .
DoD photo by Tech . Sgt. Jerry Morrison , U.S. Air Force . ( Released ) Date Posted : 12/9/2008 Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates talks with members of his staff on board a U.S. Air Force C - 17 Globemaster III aircraft en route to Kabul , Afghanistan , Sept. 16 , 2008 .
Gates is in Southwest Asia to meet with Iraqi and Afghan leaders and to preside over the change of command ceremony for Multi-National Force - Iraq .
( DoD photo by Tech . Sgt. Jerry Morrison , U.S. Air Force / Released ) Date Posted : 9/16/2008 Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates , right , speaks with U.S. Army Gen. George W. Casey Jr. , commander of Multinational Force - Iraq , aboard a C - 17 Globemaster aircraft en route to Basra , Iraq , Jan. 19 , 2007 , to meets with British Maj. Gen. J.M. Shaw , commander of Multinational Division - South East .
DoD photo by Cherie A. Thurlby .
( Released ) Date Posted : unknown Defense Secretary Robert Gates reviews his notes on board a C - 17 Globemaster as he travels throughout the Middle East , Jan. 18 , 2007 .
Defense Dept. photo by Cherie A. Thurlby ( released ) Date Posted : unknown Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates , left , meets with members of the traveling press on board a C - 17 Globemaster III aicraft en route to Iraq Dec. 19 , 2006 , just one day after he took the oath of office as the 22nd secretary of defense .
Gates is going to Iraq to meet with deployed troops , military leaders and key Iraqi government officials to help him assess the current situation and to prepare for the future .
DoD photo by Cherie A. Thurlby .
( Released ) Date Posted : unknown Defense Secretary Robert Gates , right , and U.S. Marine Gen. Peter Pace , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , share ideas on board a C - 17 to Iraq , while Robert Rangel , special assistant to the secretary of defense , and Eric Edelman , under secretary of defense for policy , look on , Dec. 19 , 2006 .
Gates is going to Iraq to meet with deployed troops , military leaders and key Iraqi government officials to help him assess the current situation and to prepare for the future .
Defense Dept. photo by Cherie A. Thurlby ( released ) Date Posted : unknown Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Gen , Peter Pace , shares his perspectives of the current military operations in Iraq during an interview with AP reporter , Bob Burns ( right ) , ABC News reporter , Jonathan Karl ( center ) and DoD reporter , Jim Garamone ( left ) , while , Special Assistant to the Chairman , Marine Col .
Katie Haddock , takes notes onboard a C - 17 aircraft enroute to Baghdad Iraq Aug. 11 , 2006 .
Dept. of Defense photo by Staff Sgt. D. Myles Cullen , U.S. Air Force ( released ) Date Posted : unknown Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Marine Gen. James E. Cartwright reenlists U.S. Air Force Staff Sgt. Thomas Lyons in an executive compartment aboard a C - 17 Globemaster III aircraft over Afghanistan Nov. 13 , 2008 .
Lyons is a C - 17 crew chief assigned to the 305th Aircraft Maintenance Squadron at McGuire Air Force Base , N.J. ( DoD photo by Master Sgt. Adam M. Stump , U.S. Air Force / Released ) Date Posted : 11/26/2008 SecDef 's accommodation before the executive compartments were rigged The Honorable Donald H. Rumsfeld ( front - right ) , U.S. Secretary of Defense , and Lt. Gen. John Craddock ( front - right ) , senior military assistant to the Secretary of Defense , and staff , are flying aboard a C - 17 Globemaster III cargo aircraft , from Charleston Air Force Base S.C. to Afghanistan , on Dec. 4 , 2003 .
( DoD Photo by Tech .
Sgt. Andy Dunaway , U.S. Air Force ) ( Released ) Date Posted : unknown Alternative travel for the SecDef is on the E - 4B Advanced Airborne Command Post , a militarized B-747-200 .
http://www.af.mil/information/factsheets/factsheet.asp?fsID=99&page=2
The E - 4B serves as the National Airborne Operations Center for the president , secretary of defense and the Joint Chiefs of Staff or JCS .
In case of national emergency or destruction of ground command control centers , the aircraft provides a highly survivable , command , control and communications center to direct U.S. forces , execute emergency war orders and coordinate actions by civil authorities .
The main deck is divided into six functional areas : a command work area , conference room , briefing room , an operations team work area , and communications and rest areas .
An E - 4B crew may include up to 112 people , including a joint - service operations team , an ACC flight crew , a maintenance and security component , a communications team and selected augmentees .
The E - 4B has electromagnetic pulse protection , an electrical system designed to support advanced electronics and a wide variety of new communications equipment .
Other improvements include nuclear and thermal effects shielding , acoustic control , an improved technical control facility and an upgraded air - conditioning system for cooling electrical components .
An advanced satellite communications system improves worldwide communications among strategic and tactical satellite systems and the airborne operations center .
Deputy Chief of Mission to Afghanistan Ambassador Ricciardone and U.S. Army Gen. David Rodriguez , the deputy commander of International Security Assistance Force , greet Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates as he arrives in Kabul , Afghanistan , Dec. 8 , 2009 .
Gates is on his first trip back to Southwest Asia after President Barack Obama announced he is sending an additional 30,000 troops to Afghanistan .
( DoD photo by Master Sgt. Jerry Morrison , U.S. Air Force / Released ) Date Posted : 12/8/2009 Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates talks to reporters while en route to Kabul , Afghanistan , Dec. 7 , 2009 .
( U.S. Air Force photo by Master Sgt. Jerry Morrison / Released ) Date Posted : 12/8/2009
[ An office - bedroom suite is behind Gates in the nose of the aircraft ( below ) . ]
Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates listens to a question from a reporter while en route to Kabul , Afghanistan , Dec. 7 , 2009 .
Gates is flying to Afghanistan to speak about the U.S. strategy to deploy an additional 30,000 troops .
( U.S. Air Force photo by Master Sgt. Jerry Morrison / Released ) Date Posted : 12/8/2009 [ Maureen Dowd , New York Times columnist at center , wasted from dozing in a seat for the flight while Gates snoozed in a VIP bedroom . ]
U.S. Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates listens to questions from members of the press Feb. 18 , 2009 , during a press availability aboard a National Airborne Operations Center aircraft prior to departure from Andrews Air Force Base , Md. ( DoD photo by Tech .
Sgt. Jerry Morrison , U.S. Air Force / Released ) Date Posted : 2/19/2009
[ Behind the reporters is the global communications facility ( see below ) . ]
Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates holds a press conference aboard his aircraft Oct. 10 , 2008 , while enroute to Washington D.C. after meeting with NATO leaders during the Budapest NATO Conference .
( DoD photo by Tech . Sgt. Jerry Morrison , U.S. Air Force / Released ) Date Posted : 10/12/2008 [ Behind Gates is his office - bedroom suite in the nose of the aircraft ( below ) . ]
Kristin Roberts , a reporter with Reuters , asks Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates a question during a press conference aboard his aircraft Oct. 10 , 2008 , while enroute to Washington D.C. after meeting with NATO leaders during the Budapest NATO Conference .
( DoD photo by Tech . Sgt. Jerry Morrison , U.S. Air Force / Released ) Date Posted : 10/12/2008 Reporters listen to Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates during a press briefing aboard the E - 4B National Airborne Operations Center aircraft Oct. 6 , 2008 , while in flight over the Atlantic Ocean enroute to the Southeastern European Defense Ministerial .
( DoD photo by Tech .
Sgt. Jerry Morrison , U.S. Air Force / Released ) Date Posted : 10/7/2008
[ Behind the reporters is the global communications facility . ]
Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates speaks during a press briefing aboard the E - 4B National Airborne Operations Center aircraft Oct. 6 , 2008 , while in flight over the Atlantic Ocean enroute to the Southeastern European Defense Ministerial .
( DoD photo by Tech . Sgt. Jerry Morrison , U.S. Air Force / Released ) Date Posted : 10/7/2008 Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates finishes up some paperwork onboard the National Airborne Operations Center aircraft prior to his arrival at Camp Lemonier , Djibouti , Dec. 3 , 2007 .
Gates is in the Horn of Africa during the kickoff of Africa Command and U.S. Central Command trip .
DoD photo by U.S. Air Force Tech .
Sgt. Jerry Morrison , U.S. Air Force . ( Released ) Date Posted : unknown [ This within the office - bedroom suite in the nose of the aircraft . ]
Members of the Secretary of Defense 's staff prepare for arrival at Camp Lemonier , Djibouti , Dec. 3 , 2007 .
Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates is visiting the region for Department of Defense updates in the Horn of Africa .
DoD photo by U.S. Air Force Tech .
Sgt. Jerry Morrison , U.S. Air Force . ( Released ) Date Posted : unknown Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates talks to members of the traveling press onboard a U.S. Air Force E - 4B National Airborne Operations Center aircraft Oct. 2 , 2007 , during his trip to Latin America .
DoD photo by Tech . Sgt. Jerry Morrison , U.S. Air Force . ( Released ) Date Posted : Unknown [ Behind the reporters is the global communications facility shown in the previous photo . ]
A group of 20 Swedish Weight Watchers was left red-faced when they gathered for their regular weigh - in and found themselves too heavy for the floor .
A member told the Smålandsposten newspaper :
We suddenly heard a huge thud ; we almost thought it was an earthquake and everything flew up in the air .
The floor collapsed in one corner of the room and along the walls .
Fortunately , the meeting took place on the ground floor and only egos were injured .
The Federal Reserve is n’t too popular these days , what with its failure to predict or prevent the financial crisis and recession , not to mention its involvement in last year ’s bailouts .
Rep. Ron Paul ( R - Texas ) has a bestselling book out called “ End the Fed , ” and some lawmakers are looking to cut back the central bank ’s power .
It sounds like a perfect time for an ad campaign .
The Fed has made a 45 - second public service announcement to help consumers use their credit cards wisely .
The spot will run before movie previews at theaters in 12 U.S. cities , including Long Beach , from Friday through Dec. 3 .
Over jazzy music , the announcer asks : “ Want to use your credit card wisely ?
Here are some tips you can trust from the Federal Reserve . ”
With the Fed logo featured prominently , the ad offers suggestions such as paying your bill on time and watching for changes in the terms of the account .
Advertisement
The Fed has been under fire for neglecting its consumer protection authority for years -- particularly for taking 14 years to enact rules protecting consumers from unscrupulous mortgage lending .
In April and September , the Fed ran public - service ads in cinemas in California , Florida and other states devastated by the housing crash advising viewers how to avoid foreclosure scams .
The latest ad , which comes as people are expected to flock to holiday movies , could help improve the Fed ’s battered image as Congress weighs an overhaul of financial regulations .
Plus , Fed Chairman Ben S. Bernanke will be on Capitol Hill on Dec. 3 for a hearing on his renomination for a second four - year term .
With sentiment against the Fed running high , that event promises to be a Washington blockbuster .
Advertisement
jim.puzzanghera@
latimes.com
" None of our kids have gone to the Rose Bowl .
I have n't been there in 25 years [ since ]
I was an assistant coach in the 1985 Rose Bowl , " coach Jim Tressel said .
" There 's nothing like it .
It 's a great feeling . "
The Buckeyes ( 9 - 2 , 6 - 1 ) clinched at least a share of their fifth consecutive Big Ten title and the conference 's automatic BCS bid .
" It means everything to us , " linebacker Austin Spitler said .
" Senior day , we 're going to remember this for the rest of our lives .
This is a special moment . "
Iowa ( 9 - 2 , 5 - 2 ) , which overcame a 24 - 10 deficit with just over 11 minutes left , lost its second in a row .
Redshirt freshman quarterback James Vandenberg was solid for the Hawkeyes in his first college start .
But filling in for the injured Ricky Stanzi -- who hurt his ankle in last week 's upset loss to Northwestern -- Vandenberg was intercepted three times , the final time to end Iowa 's only possession in overtime .
Brandon Saine rushed for 103 yards and two touchdowns and Dan Herron added another score for the Buckeyes .
Iowa started overtime with an incompletion .
Then freshman Adam Robinson was thrown for a 6 - yard loss by Spitler , and Doug Worthington sacked Vandenberg for a 10 - yard loss .
Out of field goal range on fourth - and - 26 , Vandenberg then lofted a long pass into the end zone that was picked off by Anderson Russell .
The Buckeyes handled the ball with extra care -- just the way Tressel wanted .
Three runs up the middle netted two yards .
On came Barclay , the Buckeyes ' front - line kicker since taking over after starter Aaron Pettrey injured a knee three games ago .
" We had so much confidence in Devin that we were going backwards to make his kick longer , " Tressel cracked .
Still , Tressel admitted , he was on the headphones as Barclay made contact with the ball , telling the offensive coaches in the press box to have a play ready for the next possession in overtime in case Barclay missed .
Instead , his kick split the uprights , touching off a wild scene as thousands rushed the field .
" It 's unbelievable .
I 'm speechless , " said Barclay , a former Major League Soccer player who walked on for the Buckeyes .
" The fourth quarter definitely made it interesting .
I 'm just glad we came out on top -- and now we 're going to the Rose Bowl . "
A cadre of state police surrounded the goal posts , preventing anyone from tearing them down .
But that did n't prevent the frenzied crowd from mobbing the Buckeyes players , snapping pictures and joining the team in singing the alma mater .
The Buckeyes have n't been to Pasadena since the 1996 team finished No. 2 in the nation , scoring in the final minute to beat Arizona State 20 - 17 in the Rose Bowl .
Ohio State does not want to duplicate one aspect of that season , however -- those Buckeyes were perfect all year until losing 13 - 9 to Michigan in the regular - season finale .
Ohio State plays at its archrival next Saturday .
Iowa , a 17 - point underdog , overcame several dropped passes and other mistakes to tie it at 10 on Vandenberg 's 9 - yard slant pass to Marvin McNutt midway through the third period .
Coach Kirk Ferentz told his team earlier this week that it needed to play a perfect game to win .
" We did n't quite do it , " he said .
" Maybe if we had , we might have won .
This was a heck of a challenge . "
The Buckeyes counter - punched , putting together a 79 - yard drive .
Terrelle Pryor -- who completed 14 of 17 passes for 93 yards and ran for 29 more yards -- engineered a march that resulted in Herron taking a direct snap and sweeping right , stiff - arming Brett Greenwood and then turning the corner for the go - ahead score with 13:03 left .
Vandenberg then tossed his second interception , picked off by Ross Homan .
On the first play from the Iowa 49 , Saine took the ball on a quick - hitter off left tackle and outraced everyone for a 24 - 10 lead .
The 14 - point margin was short - lived , however .
Derrell Johnson - Koulianos dropped the ensuing kickoff , picked it up , shed a tackle and raced to the right sideline where he sidestepped another potential tackler before sprinting 99 yards for the fourth - longest return in Iowa history .
Barclay missed a 47 - yard field goal that might have salted it away , and Vandenberg made several big plays on the next drive -- after Brian Rolle 's interception return for a touchdown was wiped out by an Ohio State offside penalty .
Vandenberg , who completed 20 of 33 passes for 233 yards and two scores , then threw a pass directly to two Buckeyes but it popped up in the air and tight end Tony Moeaki quickly grabbed it for a 16 - yard pickup .
Vandenberg flipped a high pass into the end zone where McNutt pulled it in with two hands over defender Chimdi Chekwa to tie it at 24 .
" Man , this was great , " Ohio State offensive lineman Jim Cordle said .
" I 'm bruised .
I 'm battered .
But we 're victorious , man .
We did it . "
Washington ( CNN ) --
A privacy group says the Transportation Security Administration is misleading the public with claims that full - body scanners at airports cannot store or send their graphic images .
The TSA specified in 2008 documents that the machines must have image storage and sending abilities , the Washington - based Electronic Privacy Information Center ( EPIC ) said .
In the documents , obtained by the privacy group and provided to CNN , the TSA specifies that the body scanners it purchases must have the ability to store and send images when in " test mode . "
That requirement leaves open the possibility the machines -- which can see beneath people 's clothing -- can be abused by TSA insiders and hacked by outsiders , said EPIC Executive Director Marc Rotenberg .
EPIC , a public - interest group focused on privacy and civil rights , obtained the technical specifications and vendor contracts through a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit .
The written requirements also appear to contradict numerous assurances the TSA has given the public about the machines ' privacy protections .
" The machines have zero storage capability , " the TSA Web site says .
A TSA video assures passengers " the system has no way to save , transmit or print the image . "
And the TSA has distributed numerous news releases with similar language as it lobbies for public acceptance of the machines as a less intrusive alternative to pat - downs .
A TSA official who spoke on condition of anonymity because the official is not authorized to speak on the record said all full - body scanners have " strong privacy protections in place " and are delivered to airports " without the capability to store , print or transmit images . "
" There is no way for someone in the airport environment to put the machine into the test mode , " the official said , adding that test mode can be enabled only in TSA test facilities .
But the official declined to say whether activating test mode requires additional hardware , software or simply additional knowledge of how the machines operate .
The controversy arises as the TSA is promoting the machines as a possible way to prevent assaults on U.S. airliners , such as the Christmas attempt on Northwest Flight 253 .
About 40 machines are already in use at 19 airports , and the TSA says it will deploy 150 more nationwide this year , while appropriating money for an additional 300 machines for 2011 .
" I do n't think the TSA has been forthcoming with the American public about the true capability of these devices , " EPIC 's Rotenberg said .
" They 've done a bunch of very slick promotions where they show people -- including journalists -- going through the devices .
And then they reassure people , based on the images that have been produced , that there 's not any privacy concerns .
" But if you look at the actual technical specifications and you read the vendor contracts , you come to understand that these machines are capable of doing far more than the TSA has let on , " he said .
The TSA should suspend further deployment of the machines until privacy and security questions are resolved , Rotenberg said .
TSA officials say they have taken sufficient measures to protect privacy .
The TSA officer viewing the image cannot see the actual passenger .
No cameras , cell phones or other devices capable of capturing an image are allowed in the room where the image is displayed , according to the TSA .
The agency adds that images are deleted from the system after the operator reviews them .
And employees who misuse the machines are subject to serious discipline or removal .
Further , the TSA says , the machines are not networked and cannot be hacked .
Celebs share views on body - scanning
EPIC said it is pursuing a lawsuit to obtain additional documents about the machines from the TSA .
It has already begun .
Within minutes of the World Cup draw on Friday , Sky News reporters were commenting on how fortunate England were not to be playing in crime - ridden Johannesburg .
The Times took up the same theme yesterday , warning that British tour operators would offer armed guards for fans travelling to World Cup matches .
A German security firm has already advised their national team to wear flak jackets whenever they step outside their hotel .
South Africa has one of the highest crimes rates in the world , but it also attracts nine million tourists a year .
Every major city in the world has places you would n't recommend visitors go to after dark .
South Africa has successfully held cricket and rugby world cups and is currently hosting the England cricket team .
Are any of the Barmy Army protected by armed guards ?
Is Andrew Strauss holed up in his hotel room , refusing to come out without a flak jacket ?
The overblown rhetoric on crime , hyped up by security firms looking to make a sale , has been matched by scare stories about the lack of hotels and the paucity of public transport options .
The stadiums would n't be ready , crowed the critics , until even the most myopic of them were forced to accept they would all be finished with plenty of time to spare .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
There will be problems , of course .
Every major tournament has them .
Atlanta struggled with transport at the 1996 Olympics .
In 2004 Athens fell so far behind it had to leave the roof off the swimming pool .
But the criticism that South African organisers of the World Cup have faced is on a different level .
" We want to explode the myth that there is a contradiction between being African and being world class , " says Danny Jordaan , the former school teacher and anti-apartheid campaigner who heads the organising committee .
Like so much coverage of Africa , stereotypes can easily take over .
Wars and humanitarian crises get far more exposure than stories about economic growth , technological advances and stability .
The West 's view of Africa is still seen through the prism of tragedy , meaning the story of Africa 's first World Cup is read with a certain amount of cynicism .
How could a continent that can't feed itself , is ruled by despots and always at war host one of the world 's largest events ?
Africa may also have its best ever chance of getting a team to the semi-finals but that wo n't stop commentators resorting to clichés when describing their football .
Watch out for talk of naïve defending , bad goalkeeping and a lack of concentration .
Because , of course , Africans can't concentrate .
Ivory Coast may concede a goal through a goalkeeping blunder , Ghana 's defence may prove weak , and Nigeria might concede a last minute equaliser through a lack of concentration .
But the same could be said about the England team .
When Rio Ferdinand goes walkabout or David James drops a cross no one says , " those Europeans can't defend " .
Hundreds of thousands of football fans , including tens of thousands from England , will travel to South Africa .
A handful will be mugged , a few might even be carjacked .
There will be stories about people left homeless after their hotel booking fell through and fans missing a crucial England match because the bus failed to turn up .
But for the vast majority , it will be an amazing experience , one they will never forget .
Their biggest gripe will be the noise of vuvuzelas , the plastic horns beloved by South African football fans which can sound like a swarm of angry wasps .
South Africans desperately want the World Cup to be a success .
They will put on a great party .
And if it helps to demolish a few stereotypes about Africa , so much the better .
Steve Bloomfield is author of Africa United : How Football Explains Africa , published by Canongate next year
The best league in the world is back .
Join
The Independent for an online event , as our panel discusses the most uncertain start to a season in Premier League history .
Click here to find out more and book your free ticket today .
The Pakistani arm of the Taliban has denied responsibility for a recent series of terrorist attacks in Pakistan , instead pointing the finger at Xe Services , the security contractor formerly known as Blackwater , as well as the country ’s own security services .
“ The Tehreek - e - Taliban are not responsible for the bombings , but Blackwater and Pakistan ’s spy agency are behind them , ” said Pakistani Taliban spokesman Azam Tariq , according to a translation from Al - Jazeera English .
ADVERTISEMENT
” The dirty Pakistani intelligence agencies , for the sake of creating mistrust and hatred among people against the Taliban , are carrying out blasts at places like the Islamic university , Islamabad , and the Khyber bazaar , Peshawar , ” the Associated Press quoted Tariq as saying .
The Taliban ’s new talking point is likely an attempt to capitalize on anti-American conspiracy theories circulating among the Pakistani public .
Blackwater ’s “ operatives are often viewed by Pakistanis as akin to CIA agents and local conspiracy theories sometimes assert that the US with the help of Blackwater , rather than the Taliban , are responsible for the suicide attacks , ” reports the Christian Science Monitor .
CNN reports that Blackwater denies having any contracts in Pakistan .
“ We have no contracts in Pakistan , ” Xe spokeswoman Stacey DeLuke told CNN .
“ Our competitor holds that WPPS ( worldwide personal protection services ) contract . …
We ’ve been blamed for all that has gone wrong in Peshawar , none of which is true , since we have absolutely no presence there . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
But the Christian Science Monitor reported on Monday that the company “ now provides security for a US - backed aid project ” in the city of Peshawar .
Peshawar was the site of a deadly market bombing late last month that left 117 people dead .
That attack was one of several in which the Taliban explicitly denied involvement .
The group also disavowed an attack last Friday on the offices of the ISI , Pakistan ’s spy agency , which left at least 10 people dead .
The notion that some of Pakistan ’s terror attacks were “ inside jobs ” by the Pakistani government and American agencies designed to shore up support for the US - led war on terror has been gaining popularity in Pakistan , not least because some of the attacks in recent years have suggested collusion between the attackers and security forces .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ In previous terror attacks in Pakistan , the perpetrators appeared to have considerable intelligence about their targets , ” reported the UK ’s Independent in March .
“ Car bombers have struck at army and anti-terror police headquarters in the past two years without the slightest hindrance . ”
The Taliban may have had good strategic reason to speak up against Pakistan ’s recent spate of violence :
They may be attempting to avoid another aggressive campaign by the Pakistani army .
ADVERTISEMENT
A report in the Pakistan Daily Times states that “ the recent wave of terror attacks … has sparked outrage against the Taliban , with public opinion fast swinging in favor of a military offensive in South Waziristan . ”
A full investigation into the allegations against the Dahn Yoga centers on tonight 's Campbell Brown , 8 ET on CNN .
Cottonwood , Arizona ( CNN ) --
The cheering was raucous and the applause thunderous for a man who makes few public appearances .
As he made his way gingerly across a gravel park , where he had just dedicated a nearly 40 - foot statue representing the " Soul of the Earth , " a voice shouted out : " I love you , Ilchi Lee . "
Lee , a South Korean businessman , is the founder of a national chain of yoga and wellness centers called Dahn Yoga .
The company teaches that its physical exercises " can restore the vibrations of the body and brain to their original , healthy frequencies , " according to a video introduction on its Web site .
But Dahn Yoga is now defending itself from allegations by former employees that it is " a totalistic , high - demand cult group " that demands large sums of money from its followers and enshrines Lee as an " absolute spiritual and temporal leader . "
A lawsuit , filed in a federal court in Arizona , says that recruits " are unknowingly subjected to an intensive program of psychological manipulation , indoctrination and various techniques of coercive thought reform designed to induce them to become Ilchi Lee 's disciples and devote themselves to serving him and his ' vision . ' "
Jade Harrelson , one of more than two dozen plaintiffs in the lawsuit , said Dahn leaders " prey upon people like me who are ignorant about the way money works . "
The company denies the allegations and calls the plaintiffs " disgruntled former employees . "
" In our 30 - year history , we have helped millions of people lead healthier and happier lives , " corporate spokesman Joseph Alexander told CNN .
Dahn Yoga set up its first shop in the United States in 1991 , in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
It now has 127 storefront centers in the United States , more than 1,000 worldwide , and Forbes magazine estimates the company 's 2009 profits at $ 34 million .
Dahn Yoga teaches that what it calls brain wave vibration can ease some of the debilitating symptoms of illnesses such as diabetes and arthritis .
Its publicity materials feature praise for Lee from a variety of sources , including Oscar Arias , Costa Rica 's president and a Nobel Peace Prize winner ; and Broadway producer / choreographer Tommy Tune .
In addition , Elkhonon Goldberg , a clinical professor of neurology at New York University 's medical school , praises the work of the International Brain Education Association , a group Lee founded .
" IBREA is in a unique position to disseminate knowledge and to serve as a very effective platform for numerous worthwhile projects , " Goldberg is quoted on the Dahn Web site as saying .
" Ilchi Lee should be applauded for his pioneering creative vision in conceiving and launching this innovative organization with a truly international outreach . "
Goldberg did not respond to requests for comment from CNN .
Harrelson and other former employees say Dahn Yoga instructors coerced them into taking out student loans , then transferring the funds to the company .
Payments began in small amounts , she said , then progressively increased as fees for training and courses became more expensive .
Harrelson said she eventually paid about $ 40,000 to Dahn .
Alexander said no one was ever coerced into giving money to Dahn Yoga .
The former employees " have misinterpreted natural business cycles , natural business goals , as some type of undue pressure , " he said .
" We make no excuses and no apology for the fact that we are a business , " Alexander said .
The plaintiffs , he said , " are after one thing -- they are after money . "
And Dahn Yoga attorney Alan Kaplan added , " Let 's make it clear .
My client , Mr. Lee , is not a cult leader .
Dahn Yoga is not a cult . "
But Ryan Kent , the lawyer who filed suit on behalf of Harrelson and 26 other former employees in May , said Dahn Yoga leaders indoctrinate followers , then " take advantage of you and take all your money . "
Harrelson also said Lee singled her out for special attention and eventually sexually assaulted her while she was living and working in Seoul , South Korea .
She said she trusted Lee and saw him as a father figure , eventually following him to Seoul -- where , she says , he assaulted her one night in 2007 at his apartment .
" In my mind , there was no possible way I could have physically or verbally resisted him , " Harrelson told CNN .
" To say no to him was to say no to his soul .
I became numb , and so what happened , happened not at my consent . "
Harrelson said she never filed a police report .
The first time she publicly made the allegation was when she and other former employees filed suit in early 2009 .
Dahn Yoga's U.S. operations are now based near Sedona , Arizona , about 20 miles from Cottonwood -- where Lee appeared in December to dedicate the 39 - foot statue of " Mago . "
The name is Korean for " Soul of the Earth , " the mother figure in a seventh - century creation legend Lee cites as his inspiration .
It was a rare appearance for Lee , who is seldom seen in public and routinely travels with a retinue of bodyguards .
CNN requested an on - camera interview with Lee through his representatives , but was turned down .
When approached at a dedication ceremony in this small Arizona town , he was surrounded by bodyguards , one of whom said the Dahn Yoga founder needed a translator to understand the questions .
When a CNN photographer who speaks Korean translated , Lee said it was the first time he had heard of the sex assault allegation .
Then his bodyguards forced the camera lens to point toward the ground , and Lee continued to the ribbon - cutting .
Later , his attorney said any claims of sexual assault were not true , and " We are confident we will get those claims dismissed in court . "
Harrelson , who goes by " Jade , " and college friend Liza Miller also say they were strongly urged to undergo extreme physical training at Dahn Yoga 's retreat center in Sedona -- training they say left both women at the brink of exhaustion .
One of the exercises , known as " bow training , " involved deep knee bends to the floor to a prone position and back up again , with hands raised high over their heads .
Miller , who has joined the lawsuit , says once she had to do 3,000 of the exercises -- " Which took about 10 hours , and we did n't eat or drink during that time . "
" People were screaming , people were throwing up , people were running away , " Miller said .
" People were rolling around , moaning , crying , wailing -- there was a lot of emotional distress .
We were taught that because of this bow training , we were cleaning what was blocking us , to connect to our soul . "
Dahn Yoga calls Miller 's description of the exercise inaccurate .
" These are meditation practices , " Alexander said .
" They are common throughout Asia , especially in Korea .
Generally , people do a smaller number of bows , and they build up to more .
I know of no one who does 3,000 bows on a regular basis . "
And Dahn Yoga instructor Genia Sullivan told CNN , " The practices that we practice are very helpful . "
" They empower people to really use everything they have to become the best person they can be , and I 've benefited greatly from it , " Sullivan said .
Other Dahn employees sent CNN e-mails supportive of the organization and its leader while this report was being prepared .
All praised Lee , with one woman saying she had given her life to him and to the organization .
The writers all condemned their former colleagues who have gone to court , and they deny the company is a cult .
By all accounts , Dahn Yoga is a booming business .
Lee is revered by most of its adherents .
But some former employees who say they once loved the organization are now saying far different things .
" The problem was way at the top , at the very , very top , things are completely dishonest , " Miller said .
" And that information trickled down so that everyone is believing one thing , which is a total lie . "
Plutonium - 238 ’s high heat - production rate and 89 - year half - life makes it a good power source for long space missions ( Image : US Department of Energy )
NASA is feeling the pinch in its plutonium supplies .
Many spacecraft are powered by the radioactive decay of plutonium - 238 , but the US no longer produces the material .
Instead , NASA relies on its shrinking stockpile , topped up with purchases from Russia .
Previous estimates suggested the decline would not affect solar - system exploration until after 2020 , but NASA is already tightening its belt .
Candidates for NASA ’s next “ New Frontiers ” mission , which aims to launch an exploratory spacecraft by 2018 , will not be allowed to rely on plutonium for power , effectively limiting the candidate probes to solar power only .
Advertisement
That puts a number of destinations off - limits , says Jim Green , head of NASA ’s planetary science division .
These include targets beyond Jupiter or even darkened regions closer to the sun , like the polar regions of Mars .
“ Without the plutonium , there ’s just a huge dimension of science we ’re going to be missing , ” Green told New Scientist .
NASA is also relying on Russia for some plutonium - 238 that it needs for its next major mission to the outer solar system – to explore Jupiter and its moon Europa .
The US Department of Energy is currently analysing what will be required to restart plutonium - 238 production , but new fuel may not be ready in time for the mission to launch as planned in 2020 .
No one understands the revolutionary potential of students better than old revolutionaries .
That ’s one reason Iranian security forces fought hard with tear gas , batons and arrests this week to put down university protests across the country .
Another is that six months after President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad ’s disputed reelection , and despite persistent government efforts to quash the unrest , the protests continue .
To these students , the leadership that took power three decades ago in a popular uprising against the repressive government of Shah Mohammed Reza Pahlavi is now the repressive establishment .
With youthful courage and conviction , they are now daring to shout “ Down with the dictator ! ” while holding aloft photographs of supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , according to witnesses and amateur videos .
Students played a key role in toppling the shah in 1979 with street protests in Iran and abroad , challenging the regime and galvanizing international opinion against it .
Then , as now , many of the students were secular democrats , while others were devout Shiite Muslims .
They were part of a broad movement that included radical leftists , liberal democrats and religious leaders , not the least of whom was Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , the Paris - based exile who returned to become the first supreme leader of the Islamic Republic .
The religious students made their biggest headlines after the shah ’s fall , when they held Americans hostage in the U.S. Embassy for 444 days , paving the way for clerics to consolidate power in Iran .
Ahmadinejad was part of the religious student leadership .
Today ’s students belong to a broad movement led by reformist politicians Mir-Hossein Mousavi and Mehdi Karroubi , both of whom ran for president against Ahmadinejad .
The government and the increasingly powerful Revolutionary Guard know from experience that students are a vanguard of the discontented ; they view the young protesters as a threat to their divine responsibility to maintain the Islamic state .
The students , for their part , seem to be girding for a long fight , and the West should follow their lead .
Western governments should offer the reform movement moral support , as President Obama did in his Nobel Peace Prize speech , promising to be a voice for the aspirations of reformers such as the “ hundreds of thousands who have marched silently through the streets of Iran . ”
But the West also must be careful not to undermine the reformists with too close an embrace .
This is a national movement , and the Iranians who are questioning the legitimacy of their own government are diligent students of their revolutionary forefathers .
Yeah I 'll get right on that .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
The American Medical Association says medical malpractice is the third leading cause of death in the United States .
How common is medical malpractice ?
The American Medical Association says medical malpractice is the third leading cause of death in the United States .
In fact , the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) report that medical malpractice kills 225,000 people every year .
The U.S. patient - care study released in 2016 , tracked deaths for eight consecutive years .
Researchers discovered that based on 35,416,020 hospitalizations , there was 251,454 deaths per year — about 9.5 percent of all deaths — that occurred due to medical error .
According to the Pennsylvania Patient Safety Authority ( PSA ) there were more than 302,000 medical errors and nosocomial ( hospital acquired ) infections in 2017 .
Fewer than 300 were fatalities .
Over the last 10 years in Pennsylvania , medical malpractice settlements and claims , as documented by the state Insurance Department fund , have held relatively steady , averaging 379 claims and $ 461,052 in awards .
However , the number of unanticipated medical accidents or errors in hospitals , other health care facilities and nursing homes grew by 327 percent to 302,515 between calendar years 2004 and 2017 said the Pennsylvania Patient Safety Authority ( PSA ) .
Min-Kyu Choi ’s redesign of the frankly over - protective , nannying design of the UK power - plug first popped up back in April , and we posted the video of the concept renderings and test models .
More than half a year later and Choi ’s design , the Folding Plug System , has become a svelte plastic product with a few new twists , both literal and figurative .
The problem with the UK ’s three - pronged monster is its unwieldiness .
It needs a fat body to house the fuse ( inside every plug ) and the pattern of the three prongs , all sticking out in the same direction , makes for something that at best rips through any bag it is placed in and at worst provides the perfect painful spike onto which you can stumble on sleepy , nocturnal trip through the house .
Choi ’s design keeps this stupid shape when open , but twists and folds into a slim 10 mm unit when transported .
The new , flat form - factor also means that , when folded , three of these plugs can be lined up like slices of toast in a rack , fitting into an adapter barely larger than a single standard plug .
Choi has also added USB charging ports to some of the units which , as chargers take up most of the sockets in a geek ’s home , is a space - saver all on its own .
Choi is a student at the Royal College of Art in London , and the Folding Plug System is a graduate project .
Somebody needs to make these , and sell them to long - suffering Britons so that they can claim back what will , cumulatively , be millions of cubic feet of space in their homes .
Folding Plug System [ Minkyu via Icon Eye ]
See Also :
Published online 18 January 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.19
News
Rare sighting of brown - and - white panda sparks conservation debate .
This rare panda cub with brown - and - white fur could carry genetic clues about the species ' inbreeding .
Qihui Liang
Pandas are increasingly endangered in the wild , and the sighting of one with extremely rare brown - and - white fur is now raising fears that the species may be suffering from inbreeding .
In November 2009 , a staff member at the Foping Nature Reserve in China 's Qinling Mountains — one of the panda 's last remaining strongholds — spotted a panda with the unusual colouring .
It was estimated to weigh around 2 kilograms , which would suggest it was less than 2 months old at the time .
This is only the seventh such animal spotted in the region over the past 25 years , says Tiejun Wang , a spatial ecologist in the Department of Natural Resources at the University of Twente in Enschede , the Netherlands , who has worked in Foping for two decades .
But the explanation for this unusual variety remains a mystery .
" It 's time we had a debate about what is causing this because it could be telling us something very important , " he says .
Wang and his Twente colleague Andrew Skidmore are concerned that the brown - and - white form indicates that breeding between closely related pandas is becoming more common .
Each panda has two versions , or alleles , of each of its genes , one inherited from its mother and one from its father .
Wang suggests that the Qinling pandas carry a dominant gene for black fur and a recessive gene for brown fur .
This means that pandas with brown - and - white fur are only possible when they inherit the recessive brown gene from both mother and father .
The chances that both parents have the brown allele are ordinarily very low , suggests Wang .
But the coincidence would be much more likely if the pandas were closely related .
" The habitat in the Qinling Mountains is seriously fragmented and the population density is very high , " says Wang .
" The brown pandas could be an indication of local inbreeding . "
Conservationists worry about such inbreeding because it means that more animals rely on the same set of genetic defences to overcome environmental threats , increasing their risk of extinction .
Genetic analysis
According to Wang , brown - and - white pandas have only been seen in the Qinling population , one of five mountain regions where pandas still live in the wild .
Qinling is home to around 300 animals , roughly one - sixth of the total panda population in the wild .
The first recorded brown - and - white panda — a female called Dan - Dan — was discovered in 1985 .
She was taken into captivity , mated with a black - and - white animal and gave birth to a normal black - and - white male .
A few years later , another brown - and - white panda was seen in the wild , together with its black - and - white mother .
" These anecdotal observations strongly suggest the presence of a recessive gene or genes , " says Wang .
The idea is worth investigating , says Sheng - guo Fang , a researcher at Zhejiang University in Hangzhou , China , who has studied the morphology and genetics of the Qinling pandas .
But there could be other factors at play , he cautions .
ADVERTISEMENT
Fang and colleagues have found that , although most of the Qinling pandas appear to be normal black - and - white animals , many of the region 's pandas do have touches of brown in their chest fur1 .
This suggests that there could be something specific to Qinling , such as the climate or a particular environmental chemical , that affects one or more pigmentation genes , says Fang .
" The Qinling Mountains have shaped brown subspecies of other mammals , such as the golden takin , " he notes .
The idea of inbreeding in Qinling is also at odds with the most recent genetic analyses , which show that despite a dramatic contraction of the panda 's range over the past few thousand years , the remaining giant panda populations seem to have retained a lot of genetic diversity2 .
" The evidence that giant pandas in general , and in the Qinling Mountains in particular , are of low genetic variation is at best equivocal , " says Mike Bruford , a molecular ecologist at Cardiff University , UK , who worked on that study2 .
The giant panda genome , which was published online in Nature last month3 , also revealed little sign of inbreeding , says Jun Wang of the Beijing Genomics Institute in Shenzhen , China .
But the genome is likely to prove invaluable for solving the mystery of the brown pandas of Qinling .
" There are over 125 genes known to affect pigmentation in mice , " says Hopi Hoekstra , an evolutionary biologist at Harvard University in Cambridge , Massachusetts , and an expert on pigmentation in mammals .
" There are definitely a good handful of candidate genes you could sequence in the two morphs and look for differences , " she says .
Jun Wang and his colleagues are already on the case .
So far , they have studied the sequence of some 50 genes known to be involved in pigmentation .
A comparison of brown and black pandas at Qinling and other sites should shed light on the genetic basis of this rare variety , he says .
Canucks Re-Assign Oberg To Moose
January 10 , 2010 - American Hockey League ( AHL ) - Manitoba Moose News Release
The Vancouver Canucks , the NHL affiliate of the Manitoba Moose , today announced they have re-assigned defenceman Evan Oberg to the Moose .
Oberg , 21 , appeared in one game with the Canucks versus the Calgary Flames on Jan. 9/10 after being recalled a day earlier .
It was the Forestburg , AB native 's NHL debut .
So far in his rookie season , Oberg has played in 33 games for the Moose where he 's collected 13 points ( 1g & 12a ) along with 26 penalty minutes .
He scored his first - ever professional goal Dec. 27/09 vs. Abbotsford and is currently the leading scorer amongst defencemen on the Moose .
Oberg spent the previous two seasons at the University of Minnesota - Duluth where he appeared in 67 games for the Bulldogs and scored 30 points ( 8g & 22a ) along with 60 penalty minutes .
• Discuss this story on the American Hockey League message board ...
American Hockey League Stories from January 10 , 2010
The opinions expressed in this release are those of the organization issuing it , and do not necessarily reflect the thoughts or opinions of OurSports Central or its staff .
January 12 , 2010 Open Letter to U.S. Congress Investigate the Mishandling of Blackwater Case Enact the Stop Outsourcing Security Act. On December 31 , 2009 , United States District Judge Ricardo Urbina dismissed all criminal charges against five Blackwater security guards accused of killing 17 unarmed Iraqi civilians in Nisour Square of Baghdad on September 16th 2007 .
The contractors had been indicted for 14 counts of manslaughter , 20 counts of attempting to commit manslaughter and one count of weapons violation .
In his decision the Judge did not rule on the substance of the charges against the security guards , but on the prosecutorial misconduct of the U.S. attorney Kenneth Kohl and the trial team .
Judge Urbina ’s 90 - page opinion does not dispute the investigations by the Iraqi police , the U.S. Army , and the F.B.I .
The Iraqi and U.S. investigators found that the guards of the Raven 23 convoy had indiscriminately fired on unarmed civilians in an unprovoked and unjustified assault in the crowded Nisour Square of Baghdad on September 16 , 2007 .
Witnesses and reports stated some of the victims were shot in the back trying to flee the scene .
A nine year old boy riding in the back seat of his father ’s car was shot in the head and died .
None of the investigators were able to find any physical evidence to support the guards ’ contentions that they had been fired upon .
The F.B.I. stated in their report that the Blackwater guards recklessly violated American rules for the use of lethal force .
The U.S. military investigators went further saying that all the deaths were unjustified and potentially criminal .
Iraqi authorities called the shootings “ deliberate murder . ”
Judge Urbina labeled the misconduct of the trial team , headed by Assistant U.S. attorney Kenneth Kohl , as a “ reckless violation of the defendants ’ constitutional rights . ”
This violation occurred when U.S. Attorney Kohl and Department of Justice trial lawyer Stephen Ponticello built their case around the written statements made by the contractors immediately following the shooting .
The Judge stated , “ In short , the government has utterly failed to prove that it made no impermissible use of defendants ’ statements or that such use was harmless beyond reasonable doubt .
Accordingly , the court must dismiss the indictment against all the defendants . ”
However , in the background section of the opinion , it becomes obvious that this violation could have been avoided .
Judge Urbina describes in detail the many instances where Kohl and the trial team ignored the directives and warnings of Raymond Hulser , a Deputy Chief in the Public Integrity Section of the Criminal Division , who was assigned as the “ taint attorney . ”
His responsibility was to prevent prosecutors and investigators handling the investigation from using statements that could contaminate the case causing it to be dismissed .
On page 82 of the written opinion , Judge Urbina points out that the government ’s attempts to characterize Kohl ’s failure to heed the warnings and directives of Hulser as a mere “ miscommunication ” are “ simply implausible . ”
Judge Urbina writes , “ These inconsistent , extraordinary explanations ( given in interviews by Kenneth Kohl ) smack of post hoc rationalization and are simply implausible . ”
He continued , “ The only conclusion the court can draw from this evidence is that Kohl and the rest of the trial team purposefully flouted the advice of the taint team when obtaining the substance of the defendants ’ compelled statements , and in so doing , knowingly endangered the viability of the prosecution . ”
Rep. Jan Schkowsky ( D - IL ) said in the Los Angeles Times , “ We ’re going to have to understand how this happened . ”
The Iraqi families and the U.S. citizens that are funding companies like Blackwater , as well as paying for the investigations , have a right to know the motivation behind such reckless misconduct by a seasoned U.S. Attorney .
An adviser to the Iraqi council of ministers said , “ This ( the dismissal of the case ) is very bad for the overall look of the United States outside its borders .
It ’s very important for the Americans to realize that this will work against their interests in Iraq and other places . ”
Given the prosecutorial misconduct of this case , the tragedy of the shooting incident and the larger trend of private security contractors , we call upon the U.S. Congress to take the following actions : Conduct a Congressional investigation into the prosecutorial misconduct of U.S. Attorney Kenneth Kohl and the trial team .
Judge Urbina ’s decision describes in detail the many times the investigators and prosecutors seemed determined to sabotage the case from the beginning .
It is also known that senior officials of the Justice Department did not want this case to go to trial .
According to Scott Horton , international law expert and contributor to Harper ’s , reported one Congressman who was present at early briefings of the case held on Capitol Hill said the Justice Department prosecutors assigned to the case were behaving like defense lawyers building a case to defend the Blackwater employees , not prosecute them .
A Congressional investigation is needed to verify and explain the Justice Department ’s actions and motivations in this case .
Our military personnel are bestowed with a special responsibility to use lethal force in the course of their work and are held to a higher standard of conduct as a result , the Uniform Code of Military Justice ( UCMJ ) .
The current trend to outsource military operations to private contractors eliminates that higher standard , resolving it instead through corporate contract provisions and civilian law which is far from the higher standard of conduct implied by the authority to use lethal force .
The indictments in this case specifically stated that Blackwater Worldwide , the primary contractor in the matter , had no responsibility for the events , despite the fact that the guards were trained by Blackwater and working according to the “ culture ” of the firm .
Blackwater ( Xe Services ) must be held accountable for their involvement in this event and other events , and the U.S. Congress should grapple with the shortcoming of current contract law when applied to actors in combat zones using lethal force who would otherwise be subject to the UCMJ .
The U.S. Congress should cancel and cut off all funding of contracts with Blackwater ( Xe Services ) and with all of their affiliates .
This should include all contracts now in effect under the Department of Defense , the Department of State , Homeland Security , The Drug Enforcement Agency , and the CIA .
In addition to the above incident , Blackwater and its owner Erik Prince are named in two other Grand Jury investigations involving the company ’s possible smuggling of weapons into Iraq and tax evasion .
The company may face charges for obstruction of justice related to the shooting incident in Nisour Square .
In August of 2008 Rep. Henry Waxman , then chair of the House Oversight and Government reform Committee , called on then candidate Obama to cancel Blackwater ’s contracts if elected President .
Candidate Hillary Clinton also said that Blackwater contracts should be canceled .
We agree with Rep. Waxman when he said , “ I do n’t see any reason to have a contract with Blackwater .
They have n’t lived up to their contract and we should n’t be having these private military contracts .
We should use our own military . ”
This decision also puts the U.S. in breach of its treaty obligations to prosecute this case , which was an international law obligation .
Now if the U.S. cannot , for the technical reasons set forth in the ruling , prosecute the case , the U.S. is required to waive the immunity and surrender these individuals to the Iraqi authorities for prosecution .
Congress should ensure that our Government satisfies all of our international obligations as they pertain to this case .
Reintroduce and swiftly enact the “ Stop Outsourcing Security Act ” ( known as House Resolution 4102 in the 110th Congress ) which cites that a ) the United States is increasingly relying on private security contractors , b ) one quarter of these contractors are third - party nationals , c ) these contractors operate at cross-purposes with our larger mission and undermine the mission , jeopardizing the safety of American troops , d ) events such as the Nisour Square massacre have negatively affected the relationship of our country with other countries in those areas , e ) security contracts suffer from inadequate oversight , f ) Congress does not even have access to security contracts , and g ) the use of private security contractors for mission critical functions should be phased out .
The bill required that a ) personnel at any United States diplomatic or consular mission in Iraq are provided security services only by Federal Government personnel , b ) the military will transition away from the use of private contractors for mission critical or emergency essential functions in all conflict zones in which Congress has authorized the use of force , c ) contracts with security contractors shall be open to inspection by Congress , d ) no contracts shall be renewed during the transition period unless those companies have a clean record , and e ) that the defense department fully document the number and disposition of all security contractors .
When reintroducing this bill , Congress should insure the scope is adequately broad to include recent revelations of “ black - ops ” CIA activities , and to update it to include regions and operations of relevance today , including domestic and foreign training operations , which is a core- competency of our military and must not be relegated to for - profit firms .
The safety of our soldiers and our citizens , as well as citizens in Iraq and Afghanistan , can no longer be put into risk by the careless actions of hired military and security companies like Blackwater .
Legal loopholes that provide immunity for all contractors , regardless of how murderous their actions may be , continue the pattern of inadequate accountability .
We ask you how much longer will you allow those whom we fund to get away with murder in our name ?
BY THE UNDERSIGNED : No Private Armies : Dan Kenney & Mary Shesgreen , co-coordinators of NoPrivateArmies.org Chicago Area ( IL ) Voices For Creative Non-Violence : Kathy Kelly http://vcnv.org
Stop Blackwater : Raymond Lutz , coordinator , StopBlackwater.net ( San Diego , CA ) CitizensOversight.org ( San Diego , CA ) Blackwater Watch : Christian Stalberg , XeWatch.info ( NC ) Peace Resource Center : Carol Jahnkow , director , prcsd.org ( San Diego , CA ) Citizens Against Private Armies ( Riverside County , CA ) NC Stop Torture Now San Diego Coalition for Peace and Justice -- http://www.sdcpj.org
See the entire endorsement list here : Endorsement List -->
Endorse this letter now !
<--
Sociology blog with heavy emphases on sports , masculinities , popular culture , and violence .
The Duke himself has all but confirmed Duke Nukem Forever in a recent panel discussion about newest gaming news at MAGfest .
A fan asked Jon St. John , the voice of Duke Nukem , about the status of the mythical game .
“ I ’m not allowed to speak on that subject , sir , ” St. John explained .
“ He ’s asking about Duke Nukem Forever , let me go ahead and tell you right now that I ’m not allowed to talk about Dukem Nukem Forever .
The crowd of course groaned in disappointment to the statement , to which St. John facetiously responded , “ No , no , do n’t be disappointed .
Read between the lines .
Why am I not allowed to talk about it ? ”
If you watch the video shown after the break , you ’ll understand that there ’s a subtle ( or maybe less subtle than intended ) undertone implying that the game is still in the works .
BAGHDAD ( Reuters ) - Iraq said on Monday it would launch lawsuits in U.S. and Iraqi courts against a U.S. security firm accused in the 2007 killing of civilians in Baghdad , rejecting a U.S. judge ’s decision to throw out charges .
A man who was wounded in a shooting attack by the security guards of Blackwater firm , is helped by his relatives in a hospital in Baghdad , September 20 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Ceerwan Aziz
Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki “ confirmed that the Iraqi government will undertake a lawsuit in Iraq and the United States against American security company Blackwater , ” his office said in a statement .
The Iraqi government “ rejects the ruling issued by the American court acquitting the company of the crime of killing a number of citizens , ” Maliki said .
Last week , a U.S. federal judge threw out charges against five guards accused of killing 14 Iraqi civilians at a Baghdad traffic circle in September 2007 , saying the defendants ’ constitutional rights had been violated .
The Blackwater incident came to symbolize for Iraqis what they saw as foreigners ’ disregard for their lives after private guards protecting U.S. personnel were given immunity from prosecution in Iraqi courts following the 2003 U.S. invasion .
That immunity was lifted in a bilateral agreement that came into effect from last year .
It is not clear how an Iraqi case against the guards , or Xe itself , would get around the immunity that was in place in 2007 .
The Iraqi government called the U.S. court ruling “ unacceptable and unjust ” and promised to support a lawsuit in U.S. courts filed by victims of the shooting or their relatives .
The guards from Blackwater , now called Xe Services , say they fired in self - defense in the incident , which occurred during some of the worst sectarian violence in Iraq .
But witnesses and victims say the guards , escorting a heavily armed convoy through Baghdad traffic , shot indiscriminately .
The five guards were charged in a U.S. federal court with 14 counts of manslaughter , 20 of attempting to commit manslaughter and one weapons violation .
A sixth Blackwater guard pleaded guilty to charges of voluntary manslaughter and attempting to commit manslaughter , and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors .
The U.S. ruling comes at a sensitive time for Iraqi politicians , trying to demonstrate their independence from foreign influence and their security credentials ahead of national polls in March .
The U.S. State Department has relied heavily on Blackwater since 2003 to protect diplomats and other officials .
But Iraq revoked the firm ’s license following the 2007 shooting .
こんにちは ! みなさん今日もTwitterで元気につぶやいていますか!?
さえずっていますか!?
ところでよく聞く " 規制 " ってあるじゃないですか .
なんかあまりにヒマだったのでちょっと調べてみたのです.
そしたらこんなページが .
Twitter Support :: Following and Update Limits
Twitterが設けている制限について記述してあるページです.
抜粋してまとめてみました. まとめただけなので , 対策とかではないです .
ちなみに○○制限という名前で統一してありますが , 正式な名前ではないのであしからず.
API 制 限 Twitter に はAPI
というモノが設けられておりますが , ある制限を超えると使用できなくなります.
それは1時間あたりの使用回数が150を超えた時です*1. この使用回数は特定のタイミングでリセットされます.
ちなみに誤解されやすいかもしれませんが , この使用回数を消費するAPIと消費しないAPIがあります. 大まかに言うと , Timeline やMentions , DirectMessagesなどの取得に関わるAPIは使用回数を消費します.
それ以外のつぶやきの投稿や , フォロー/リムーブ , お気に入りの追加/解除などのAPIは使用回数を消費しません. したがって「つぶやきすぎてAPI制限にひっかかっちゃった!」はありえません.
アップデート制限 じゃあなぜつぶやけなくなってしまうのか .
それは別の制限があるからです. それがアップデート制限. つぶやくコト をTwitter側ではステータスのアップデートと表現するのでこういう風に呼んでみました.
どうやらつぶやきは1日に1,000件までしか受け付けないようです.
Webからつぶやこうが , クライアントか らAPI 経由でつぶやこうが , 1,000 を 超すコトはできないみたいです .
あと DirectMessageは1日に250件までです .
フォロー制限 あとフォローに関しても制限があります .
ただ大した話ではないですが . 簡単に言うとfollowingを極端に増やすコトはできない , という話です. followingとfollowerの比率によって最大following数が決まります.
おかし な400 Bad Requestについて 制限にひっかかると , Twitter 側からの応答で400 Bad Requestというのが返ってきます .
「 その要求は受け付けられないなぁ」というコトですね. 試し にAPIを150回使用した後で , 追撃 のAPI を使用すると400 Bad Requestが返ってきます .
しかしつぶやきが1,000に到達していないはずなのに , つぶやいたときに400 Bad Requestが返ってくるときがあります .
ボク自身だと , ここ数日の深夜1時から朝7時ぐらいまでつぶやけないときがあります.
それもまったくではなく , 1回2回つぶやくのに成功して , その後またつぶやけないとう具合に. コレは先のページにも書かれていない現象なので , ただの推測ですがTwitter側の隠れた負荷軽減措置のような気がします.
ボクは10,000回つぶやいた後ぐらいからこの影響を初めて受けたので , つぶやいた回数が多い人にこの措置が適用されているのかもしれません.
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) --
After much trepidation , investors on Monday embraced the health - care sector , with shares of insurance and related companies rallying as the Senate moved toward passage of a historic bill to overhaul the nation 's health - care system .
The Senate early Monday approved a bill that does not include a provision for a government - run insurance plan , which managed care companies have strenuously objected to , arguing a public option would give private insurers government financing and the ability to set reimbursement levels artificially low .
" Health care investors find themselves having confronted their greatest fear , and , while there will be legislation , it will be significantly watered down from the version that the left had sought , " said Mike O'Rourke , chief market strategist at BTIG LLC .
Shares of insurer Aetna Inc. AET gained 4.7 % , while Cigna Corp. CI , +3.10 % rose 3.9 % , helping make health - care among the better - performing sectors of the S&P 500 Index 's SPX , +0.82 % 10 industry groups .
" The fear has subsided a bit .
In general , the longer this takes , the less negative it seems to be for the vertical , " said Art Hogan , chief market strategist at Jefferies & Co .
" We 've had under - investment in the entire sector for 18 months waiting for clarification , " he added .
The final Senate bill reduces cuts to home nursing to $ 39 billion over 10 years from the $ 42 billion previously slated , and delays rate rebasing from 2013 to 2014 , which Jefferies & Co. analysts called good news for home nursing stocks , particularly Amedisys Inc. AMED , +1.89 % .
In the Senate , all 58 Democrats and two independents in the early morning hours held against unanimous GOP opposition , garnering the 60 votes necessary to avoid a threatened Republican filibuster .
Read about the razor - thin vote .
The Senate bill would mandate health insurance for almost all Americans , including 30 million now without coverage .
Health - care legislation passed the House in November , and that bill and the Senate version must now be reconciled before a measure goes to President Barack Obama 's desk .
Health - care services , especially hospitals , are less likely to rally on anything less than greatly expanded coverage .
" If there is something less than universal health care , you 're not going to have an uptick in hospital usage , " Hogan said .
Heavy lifting ahead
The Senate 's move prompted Gregory Nersessian of Credit Suisse to raise his price targets on seven insurers : Aetna , Cigna , Amerigroup Corp. AGP , +1.94 % , Humana Inc. HUM , +3.08 % , Molina Healthcare Inc. MOH , +6.54 % , UnitedHealth Group Inc. UNH , +2.50 % and Wellcare Health Plans Inc. WCG , +1.35 %
" In our opinion , the [ bill ] is a positive first step toward improving some of the more dysfunctional elements of the health - care system , " Nersessian said in a note to clients .
" The heavy lifting will come when Congress is forced to slow the rate of medical cost growth through more aggressive payment restrictions and utilization controls down the road . "
Some key provisions were added to the bill just before the vote , mostly relating to standards on how much the industry must spend on medical expenses .
But it appears none of these will impose great hardship on any insurers .
The bill calls for large - group carriers to spend at least 85 % of their revenue on medical costs , and small - group and individual insurers to spend at least 80 % .
Insurers would have to rebate any excess to policy holders under the bill .
An earlier draft put the threshold , known as the medical cost ratio , at 75 % for individual coverage providers .
" These [ medical cost ratio ] limits appear workable for group business but will likely require change in business practices for individual business , " Goldman Sachs analyst Matthew Borsch said in a note to clients .
He added that Wellpoint Inc. WLP faces the greatest exposure due to the new requirement on individual coverage .
But Wellpoint still took part in the insurers ' party Monday , gaining 3 % to $ 60.01 .
Another concern for insurers was a proposed fee on carriers , that was expected to be $ 6.7 billion a year , Borsch said .
But that will start at $ 2 billion and work its way up to $ 10 billion by 2017 .
Further , fewer not - for - profit carriers will be exempt from the fee , as their medical cost ratio must be at least 92 % .
Borsch added this fee favors Cigna , hence the higher movement on its stock Monday , while Humana Inc. could be the most exposed .
Humana shares were up 3.5 % to $ 45.04 .
The Rub has a new 3 hour Rub Radio show streaming on
Scion 's broadband internet radio every month .
The Rub 's weekly show on Brooklyn Radio .
The Rub presents Hip - Hop History on Brooklyn Radio !
Another year of our favorite rap records every week , mixed by Cosmo , Eleven & Ayres .
Stream at BrooklynRadio.net / Archives ( 1979 - 1989 )
http://therub.crewcial.org/history/TheRub1999.mp3
Youngbloodz " 85 " feat .
Big Boi
DJ DMD " 25 Lighters " feat .
Lil ' Keke & Fat Pat
Cool Breeze " Cre - A - Tine " ( I Got People )
Mac Mall " Pussy Whipped "
Missy Elliott " Hot Boyz "
Nelly " Country Grammar ( Hot Shit ) "
DMX " What These Bitches Want " feat .
Sisqo
Nas " NY State Of Mind , Pt. II "
Gang Starr " All 4 Tha $ "
Thirstin Howl III " Brooklyn Hard Rock " feat .
Unique London
Eminem " My Name Is "
Dr. Dre " XXPlosive " feat .
Devin The Dude & Nate Dogg
Jay - Z " Snoopy Track " feat .
Juvenile
Black Rob " Whoa "
Common " 1 - 9 - 9 - 9 " feat .
Sadat X & Talib Kweli
Common " Car Horn "
Method Man " Break Ups 2 Make Ups " feat .
D'Angelo
Quasimoto " Microphone Mathematics "
Goodie Mob " Chain Swang "
Mos Def " Ms. Fat Booty "
Choclair " Flagrant "
Noreaga " Cocaine Business ( Hysteria ) " feat .
Kelis
Rahzel " All I Know "
Geto Boys " Damn It Feels Good To Be A Gangster "
E - 40 " Earl , That 's Your Life "
Eve " Gotta Man "
C - Murder " Down For My Niggas " feat .
Snoop Dogg
Juvenile " Ha " ( Remix feat .
Jay -Z )
Eminem " Guilty Conscience " feat .
Dr. Dre
Pharoahe Monch " Simon Says "
Tear Da Club Up Thugs " Hypnotize Cash Money "
Ja Rule " Holla Holla "
Jay - Z " Girls Best Friend "
Naughty By Nature " Jamboree " feat .
Zhané
Common " Dooinit "
The Roots " Act Too ... The Love Of My Life " feat .
Common
Jay - Z " So Ghetto "
Grand Agent " Mingling ( With Mayhem ) "
Beanie Sigal " What A Thug About "
Mos Def " Mathematics "
Jurassic 5 " Without A Doubt "
The Beatnuts " Muchachacha "
Snoop Dogg " Bitch Please " feat .
Xzibit
Gang Starr " Full Clip "
Nas " Nas Is Like "
Natural Elements " Two Tons "
Q - Tip " Let 's Ride "
Screwball " F.A.Y.B.A.N. "
U - God " Bizarre "
The Roots " You Got Me " ( Remix )
Dr. Dre " The Next Episode " feat .
Snoop Dogg & Nate Dogg
Hobo Junction " Greenlite Monks "
Hot Boys " I Need A Hot Girl " feat .
Big Tymers
Tash " Pimpin ' Ain't Easy "
GZA " Breaker , Breaker "
50 Cent " How To Rob An Industry Nigga "
B.G. " Bling Bling "
Whoridas " Do Or Die " feat .
Yukmouth
Dr. Dre " The Watcher "
Phat Kat " Do n't Nobody Care About Us "
Slum Village " Get This Money "
Lootpack " Whenimondamic "
MF Doom " Doomsday "
Handsome Boy Modeling School " Holy Calamity ( Bear Witness II ) " feat .
DJ Shadow & DJ Quest
Q - Tip " Breathe And Stop "
Mobb Deep " Quiet Storm "
Mobb Deep " Quiet Storm " ( Remix feat .
Lil' Kim )
Method Man & Redman " Da Rockwilder "
DMX " Party Up "
The Beatnuts " Watch Out Now "
Slick Rick " Street Talkin ' " feat .
Outkast
Lyrics Born " I Changed My Mind " ( Stereo MCs Rattlesnake Remix )
Ol ' Dirty Bastard " Got Your Money " feat .
Kelis
Prince Paul " More Than You Know " feat .
De La Soul
Wu - Tang Clan " Protect Ya Neck ( The Jumpoff ) "
Redman " Da Goodness " feat .
Method Man
Mos Def " Umi Says "
Busta Rhymes " What 's It Gonna Be ! ? " feat .
Janet Jackson
Dr. Dre " Forgot About Dre " feat .
Eminem
Jay - Z " Big Pimpin ' " feat .
UGK
Ruff Ryders " Down Bottom " feat .
Drag-On
Trick Daddy " Nann Nigga " feat .
Trina
dead prez " Hip - Hop "
http://therub.crewcial.org/history/TheRub1998.mp3
DMX - Get At Me Dog
DMX - Ruff Ryder 's Anthem
Noreaga - Superthug
Jay - Z - Money , Cash , Hoes ( remix )
The Lox ft Lil Kim & DMX - Money , Power , Respect
Cam'ron & DMX - Pull
It
Big L - Ebonics
Missin Linx - MIA
Rasheed & Ill Advised - 1.9.8.6 .
Cocoa Brovaz ft Raekwon - Black Trump
Busta Rhymes - Rhymes Galore
Juvenile - Ha
Juvenile ft Manny Fresh & Lil Wayne - Back that Azz Up
Jay - Z ft Memphis Bleek - It 's Alright
Cam'ron ft Mase - Horse & Carriage
Sporty Thieves - Cheapskate
Redman - I'll Be Dat
The Roots ft Beenie Sigel - Adrenaline
Big Punisher - Beware
Showbiz & AG - Spit
DMX ft The Lox & Mase - Nigga Done Started Something
Cocoa Brovaz ft MOP - Bucktown Remix
MOP - Breaking the Rules
All City - The Actual
Dilated Peoples - Work the Angles
Gangstarr ft Freddie Fox & Big Shug - The Militia
Canibus - Second Round K.O .
The Dead - The Projects
A Tribe Called Quest ft Punch & Words , Jane Doe & Mos Def - Rock Rock Y'all
Medina Green - Crosstown
Beef
Slum Village ft Jazzy Jeff - I Do n't Know
Pete Rock ft Inspectah Deck & Kurupt - Tru Master
Adam 12 ft Heltah Skelta & Saukrates - Ultimate Rush
Saukrates , Masta Ace & OC - Rollin Remix
Pace Won - I Declare War
Dujeous - Cinematics
Black Star - Definition
Lauryn Hill - Lost Ones
Big Pun - Do n't Wanna Be A Player pt 2
Tupac - Do For Love
E - 40 - I Hope I Don't Go Back
A Tribe Called Quest - Find A Way
Eminem - Just the Two of Us
Self Scientific - The Return
AZ - Tradin Places
Saukrates - Father Time
Xzibit , Rass Kass & Saafir - 3 Card Molly
Outkast - Return of the Gangster
Busta Rhymes - Gimme Some More
Jay - Z ft Jaz - O & Amil - Nigga What Nigga Who
Gangsta Boo - Where Dem Dollas At
Master P f. Fiend , Mia X , Mystikal & Silkk The Shocker - Make Em Say Uhh !
Mystikal f. Silkk The Shocker - It Ain't My Fault
Devin the Dude - Do What You Wanna
Outkast - Spottieottiedopalicious
http://therub.crewcial.org/history/TheRub1997.mp3
1. The Notorious BIG – Ten Crack Commandments
2. Jay - Z – Face
Off feat .
Sauce Money
3. Wu - Tang Clan – Triumph feat .
CappaDonna
4. CNN – Capone Bone
5. Reflection Eternal – Fortified Live
6. Gang Starr – You Know My Steez
7. M.F. Doom – Dead Bent
8. Master P – Make Em Say Uhh
9. CNN – Closer ( Sam Sneed Remix )
10 . Laster – Off Balance feat .
EDO.G .
11 . Natural Elements – Bust Mine
12 . Krumb Snatcha – Gettin Closer To God
13 . Jay - Z – Imaginary Player
14 . Rasco – The Unassisted
15 . Royal Flush – Iced Down Medallions
16 . DITC – Day One
17 . The Beatnuts – Do You Believe ?
18 . CNN – Calm Down feat .
Nas
19 . Common – Hungry
20 . No I.D. – State To State feat .
Common
21 . Mobb Deep – Hoodlum feat .
Rakim & Big Noyd
22 . Outkast – In Due Time feat .
Cee Lo
23 . Mos Def – Universal Magnetic
24 . Wu Tang Clan – The M.G.M
25 . EPMD – Never Seen Before
26 . Rakim – Guess Who ’s Back
27 . Mase – 24 Hours To Live feat .
The LOX & DMX
28 . LL Cool J – 4,3,2,1 feat .
Redman , Method Man , Canibus , DMX
29 . The Beatnuts – Off The Books feat .
Big Pun
30 . Tha Alkaholiks – Hip Hop Drunkies feat .
Ol Dirty
31 . D.J. Pooh – Whoop !
Whoop ! feat .
Kam
32 . Master P – Ghetto D
33 . KRS - One – Step Into A World ( Rapture ’s Delight )
34 . KRS - One – Step into a World ( Bad Boy Remix ) feat .
Puffy
35 . Busta Rhymes – Put Your Hands Where My Eyes Can See
36 . Cocoa Brovaz – Won on Won
37 . Redman – Pick It Up ( Remix )
38 . Common – Reminding Me ( Of Sef )
39 . Lord Tariq & Peter Gunz – Deja Vu ( Uptown Baby )
40 . The Alkaholiks – All Night
41 . Wu - Tang Clan –
It ’s Yourz
42 . Camp Lo – Black Nostaljack
43 . Jay - Z – Rap Game / Crack Game
44 . EPMD – Richter Scale
45 . Mr Complex – Visualize
46 . Street Smartz – Metal
Thangz feat .
O.C. , Pharoahe Monch , FT
47 . Ras Kass – Soul On Ice ( Diamond D Remix )
48 . No I.D. – Sky ’s The Limit
49 . Rakim – It ’s Been A Long Time
50 . The Notorious BIG – Kick In The Door
51 . Puff Daddy & The Family – It ’s All About The Benjamins feat .
The Notorious BIG
52 . The Firm – Phone Tap feat .
Dr. Dre
53 . Rampage – Things We Be Doing For Money Pt. 2 feat .
Busta Rhymes
54 . The Notorious BIG – The World Is Filled feat .
Too Short & Puff Daddy
55 . Street Smartz – Problemz
56 . M.F. Doom – Hey !
57 . The Notorious BIG – You ’re Nobody ( Til Somebody Kills You )
58 . Scarface – Smile feat .
2Pac
http://therub.crewcial.org/history/TheRub1996.mp3
Chubb Rock & Biz Markie " No Rubber , No Backstage Pass "
MC Eiht " You Ca n't See Me " ( DJ Spinna Remix )
Mac Mall " Get Right "
Outkast " Elevators "
Royal Flush " Worldwide "
Shyheim " Shaolin Style " feat .
Squig
UGK " You Don't Know Me "
Jay - Z " Cashmere Thoughts "
Lil' Kim " Queen Bitch "
M.O.P. " Brownsville "
Company Flow " 8 Steps To Perfection "
Nonchalant " 5 O'Clock "
Bushwackas " Caught Up In The Game "
Dutchmin " Get Your Swerve On "
Jungle Brothers " How You Want It ( We Got It ) " ( Native Tongues Remix )
Busta Rhymes " Everything Remains Raw "
Adagio " The Obvious Joint "
Capone -N- Noreaga " LA , LA " ( Kuwait Mix feat .
Mobb Deep & Tragedy Khadafi )
Sadat X " Stages & Lights "
The Arsonists " The Session "
Royal Flush " Rotten Apple "
Ini " Fakin ' Jax "
J - Live " Braggin Writes " ( DJ Spinna Remix )
Redman " Pick It Up "
Too Short " Buy You Some " feat .
Erick Sermon
Sleestak'z " Ruination "
Absent Minded " Childs Play " ( Left Stranded Mix )
Biz Markie " Studda Step "
Natural Resource " Negro League Baseball "
A - Plus " All I See "
Artifacts " The Ultimate "
Jay - Z " Friend Or Foe "
East Flatbush Project " Tried By 12 "
Al Tariq " Peace Akki "
Fugees " Fu - Gee - La "
Scarface & Facemob " Skrilla "
Concrete Mob " Boiling Point "
Dr. Octagon " Bear Witness "
Constant Deviants " Competition Catch Speed Knots "
Jeru The Damaja " Ya' Playing Yaself "
Nas " Street Dreams "
2Pac " Toss It Up " feat .
Danny Boy , Aaron Hall & KC & Jojo
Lost Boyz " Renee " ( Mr. Sex L.B. Fam Version "
Large Professor " Ijustwannachill "
De La Soul " Stakes Is High "
Dark Sun Riders " Dark Sun Riders " ( Ultra Jazz Remix )
Young Zee " Juice " feat .
Rah Digga
Mobb Deep " Hell On Earth ( Front Lines ) "
Just Ro " Confusion " feat .
Common
The Roots " What They Do "
Da Fat Cat Clique " Live From Fox Valley "
Keith Murray " The Rhyme " ( Jay Dee Remix )
Busta Rhymes " Woo Hah !!
Got You All In Check " feat , Rampage The Last Boyscout
De La Soul " Big Brother Beat "
Money Boss Players " Games "
Real Live " Day You Die "
LL Cool J " Summer Love "
Big Noyd " Usual Suspects " ( Stretch Armstrong Remix )
Nine " Lyin ' King "
Kool G Rap " Fast Life " feat .
Nas ( Norfside Remix )
Redman " Rock The Spot "
Heltah Skeltah " Lehflaur Leflah Eshkshoka "
Bounty Killer " Change Like The Weather " feat .
Busta Rhymes & Junior Reid
Jigmasters " Beyond Real "
Da Bush Babees " The Love Song " feat .
Mos Def
Outkast " 2 Dope Boyz ( In A Cadillac )
The Almighty RSO ( One In The Champer ( The RSO Saga Pt. 2 )
Spice 1 " Why You Wanna Funk ? " feat .
E - 40 & The Click
Westside Connection " Bow Dow "
2Pac " Picture Me Rollin ' " feat .
Syke & C Bo
The Pharcyde " Runnin ' " ( Jay Dee Remix )
A Tribe Called Quest " 1nce Again "
Masters At Work " Get Up "
Lost Boyz " Get Up " ( Remix )
Foxy Brown " Get You Home "
Greg Nyce " Set It Off "
Mac The Maniac " What Goes Up " ( Remix feat .
Chubb Rock & King Just )
Lil' Kim " Big Momma Thing " feat .
Jay -
Z
DJ Krush " Meiso " feat .
The Roots
A Tribe Called Quest " Get A Hold "
Ghostface Killah " Daytona 500 "
Ghostface Killah " Iron Maiden "
DJ Shadow " The Number Song " ( Cut Chemist Remix )
Bone Thugs - N - Harmony " Crossroads "
Crucial Conflict " Hay "
Do Or Die " Po Pimp " feat .
Twista
UGK " One Day "
Eightball & MJG " Listen To Me Now "
Coolio " Gangsa's Paradise "
B - Legit " Ghetto Smile "
Akinyele " Put It In My Mouth "
Goodie Mob " Cell Therapy " feat .
Outkast
G. Dep " Head Over Wheels "
Camp Lo " Luchini ( This Is It ) "
2Pac " Hail Mary "
http://therub.crewcial.org/history/TheRub1995.mp3
1. Real Live “ Real Live Shit ”
2. Smooth Da Hustler “ Broken Language ” feat .
Trigger The Gambler
3. Luniz “ I Got 5 On It ”
4. Mic Geronimo “ Masta I.C. ”
5. Q - Ball & Curt Cazal “ My Kinda Moves ”
6. J - Live “ Braggin ’ Writes ”
7 . The Nonce “ Bus Stop ”
8. B.U.M.S. “ Elevation ( Free My Mind ) ”
9. Smif N Wessin “ Sound Bwoy Bureill ”
10 . The Click “ Hot Ones Through The Ghetto ”
11 . Kool G Rap
“ Take “ Em To War feat .
MF Grimm ”
12 . Lord Finesse “ No Gimmicks ” Brainstorm Remix feat .
O.C .
13 . Mobb Deep “ Temperature ’s Rising ”
14 . Mobb Deep “ Temperature ’s Rising ” ( The Abstract Remix )
15 . Das EFX “ Microphone Master ” ( DJ Spinna Remix )
16 . Junior M.A.F.I.A. “ Players Anthem ”
17 . Blahzay Blahzay “ Danger ( When The East Is In The House ) ”
18 . Mad Skillz “ Skillz In ‘ 95 ”
19 . Organized Konfusion “ You Wo n’t Go Far ” feat .
O.C .
20 . Ten Thieves “ It Do n’t Matter ”
21 . Black Moon “ Headz Ain’t Ready ” ( Remix feat .
Smif N Wessin ) ”
22 . Ahmad “ Come Widdie feat .
Ras Kass & Saffir ”
23 . Jay - Z “ Ca n’t Get Wit That ”
24 . The Roots “ Silent Treatment ” ( Kelo ’s Remix )
25 . Ill Al Scratch “ Do n’t Shut Down On A Player ”
26 . Lost Boys “ Lex Coups , Bimaz & Benz ”
27 . GZA “ 4th Chamber ”
28 . GZA “ Liquid Swords ”
29 . Big L “ Put It On ”
30 . Artifacts “ Dynamite Soul ( Lip Service Remix feat .
Mad Skillz ) ”
31 . KRS One “ MCs Act Like They Do n’t Know ”
32 . Group Home “ Up Against The Wall ( Low Budget Mix ) ”
33 . Group Home “ The Realness ”
34 . Roxanne Shante “ Queen Pin ”
35 . AZ “ Sugar Hill ” ( Remix )
36 . Showbiz & A.G. “ U Know Now ” ( Buckwild Remix )
37 . Da Youngsta’z “ I ’ll Make You Famous ”
38 . Ruggedness Madd Drama “ Make U Go Crazy ”
39 . World Renoun “ Come Take A Ride ”
40 . Notorious B.I.G. “ One More Chance ” ( Stay With Me Remix )
41 . Notorious B.I.G. “ One More Chance ” ( Hip - Hop Remix )
42 . Common “ Resurrection ” ( Large Professor Remix )
43 . Common Ressuerction ” ( Extra P Remix )
44 . D&D All - Stars “ 1 , 2 Pass It ”
45 . Shabazz The Disciple “ Death Be The Penalty ”
46 . Raekwon The Chef “ Ice Cream ”
47 . Method Man “ I ’ll Be There For You / You ’re All I Need To Get By feat .
Mary J. Blige ” ( Razor Sharp Remix )
48 . Bahamadia “ Uknowhowwedo ”
49 . Junior M.A.F.I.A. “ Get Money ” ( Remix )
50 . Junior M.A.F.I.A. “ Get Money ”
51 . Notorious B.I.G. “ Who Shot You ? ”
52 . 2Pac “ Me Against The World ”
53 . Young D Boyz “ Keep On Poppin ’ The Dope Track ”
54 . Broadway “ Must Stay Paid ”
55 . Lost Boyz “ Lifestyles Of The Rich And Shameless ”
56 . Outkast “ Benz Or Beamer ”
57 . Da Bush Babees “ Remember We ” ( Salaam Remi Remix )
58 . GZA “ Shadowboxing ” feat .
Method Man Redman & Method Man “ How High ”
59 . Das EFX “ Real Hip - Hop ”
60 . Fat Joe “ Shit Is Real ” ( DJ Premier Remix )
61 . Crooklyn Dodgers ‘ 95 “ Return Of The Crooklyn Dodgers ”
62 . Big Noyd “ Recognize & Realize ”
63 . Mobb Deep “ Give Up The Goods ( Just Step ) ”
64 . Keith Murray “ I Get Lifted ”
65 . Sadat X & Akinyele “ Loud Hangover ”
66 . Ol Dirty Bastard “ Brooklyn Zoo ”
67 . Mad Skillz “ The Nod Factor ”
68 . Grand Puba “ I Like It ( I Wanna Be Where You Are ) ”
69 . LL Cool J “ Doin ’ It ”
70 . Pharcyde “ Runnin ’
71 . The Dove Shack “ Summertime In The LBC ”
72 . The Alkaholiks “ Daaam ! ” ( Buckwild Remix )
73 . Jurassic 5 “ Unified Rebellion ”
74 . Funkmaster Flex “ Nuthin ’ But Flava ” feat .
Charlie Brown , Ol Dirty Bastard & Biz Markie
75 . Lords Of The Underground “ What I ’m After ” ( Sir Charles Mix )
76 . Ol Dirty Bastard “ Shimmy Shimmy Ya ” Rakim “ Last Resort ”
77 . Mobb Deep “ Shook Ones Pt. 2 ”
78 . E - 40 “ Sideways ” feat .
B - Legit
79 . Tha Alkaholiks “ The Next Level ”
80 . Nine “ Whucha Want ? ”
81 . Rude Riddim Experiment “ Everybody Bounce ”
82 . Doug E. Fresh “ Where The Party At ? ”
83 . Bone Thugs N Harmony “ First of The Month ”
84 . TRU “ Bout It , Bout It ”
85 . Three 6 Mafia “ Tear The Club Up ”
http://therub.crewcial.org/history/TheRub1994.mp3
1. Craig Mack f. Notorious B.I.G. & Busta Rhymes – Flava in Ya Ear ( remix )
2. O.C. – Time ’s Up ( DJ Ayres blend )
3. Nas – N.Y. State of Mind
4. Notorious B.I.G. – Unbelievable
5. Jeru tha Damaja – D. Original
6. Gangstarr f. Jeru & Lil Dap – Speak Ya Clout
7. Artifacts – Wrong Side of Da Tracks
8. Smif N Wessun – Bucktown
9. Organized Konfusion – Stress ( Pete Rock remix )
10 . Crooklyn Dodgers – Crooklyn
11 . Common Sense – Resurrection ( DJ Ayres Blend )
12 . Keith Murray – The Most Beautifullest
Thing in this World
13 . Notorious B.I.G. – Juicy
14 . Method Man f. Mary J Blige – You ’re All I Need ( Remix )
15 . Nas – It Ain’t Hard to Tell (+ Pete Rock Remix )
16 . Group Home – Supa Star
17 . Gang Starr – The ?
Remains MIXDOWN
18 . KRS One f. Channel Live – Mad Izm
19 . Redman – Ca n’t Wait
20 . A Tribe Called Quest f. Busta Rhymes – One Two Shit
21 . The Coup – Dig It
22 . Casual – Lose in the End
23 . Saafir – Battle Drill
24 . KMD f. MF Grimm – What A Niggy Know
25 . Jeru tha Damaja – You Ca n’t Stop the Prophet
26 . Lady of Rage – Afro Puffs
27 . Notorious B.I.G. – Warning
28 . Snoop Doggy Dogg – Murder Was The Case
29 . Gravediggaz – Diary of a Madman
30 . Ultramagnetic MCs – Raise It Up
31 . A Tribe Called Quest f. No Naim – Oh My God ( remix )
32 . Digable Planets – 9th Wonder ( Blackitolism )
33 . The Fugees – Nappy Heads remix
34 . Da Bush Babees – We Run Things
35 . Kurious – I ’m Kurious
36 . Ill and Al Scratch – Where My Homies
37 . Outkast f. Goodie Mobb – Git Up , Git Out
38 . Odd Squad – Fa Sho
39 . Scarface – I Seen A Man Die
40 . Big Mike – Playa Playa
41 . E -40 and the Click – Captain Save A Hoe
42 . Bone Thugs N Harmony – Thuggish Ruggish Bone
43 . Eightball & MJG – No Sellout
44 . UGK – Front , Back and Side to Side
45 . Dru Down – Ice Cream Man Warren G f. Nate Dog – Regulate
46 . Black Moon – Buck Em Down remix
47 . The Roots – Proceed
http://therub.crewcial.org/history/TheRub1993.mp3
1. Souls of Mischief – 93 Til Infinity
2. Cypress Hill – Insane In The Brain
3. Black Moon – Who Got Da Props
4. Lords of the Underground – Chief Rocker
5. Wu -Tang Clan – Protect Ya Neck
6. M.O.P. – How About Some Hardcore
7. Beatnuts – Psycho Dwarf
8. Onyx – Slam
9. Run DMC f. Pete Rock – Down With the King
10 . KRS One – Sound of the Police
11 . Fat Joe – Flow Joe
12 . Masta Ace , Inc – Born to Roll
13 . Snoop Doggy Dogg – The Shiznit
14 . MC Breed f. Tupac – I Gotta Get Mine
15 . De La Soul – Breakadawn
16 . A Tribe Called Quest – Award Tour
17 . Leaders of the New School – What ’s Next + Large Pro Remix
18 . Nubian Crackers f. Artifacts – Do You Wanna Hear It
19 . Funkmaster Flex – Six Million Ways to Die
20 . KRS One – Outta Here
21 . Del tha Funkee Homosapien – Catch A Bad One
22 . Casual – I Did n’t Mean To
23 . Ice Cube – You Know How We Do It
24 . Domino – Ghetto Jam
25 . The Nonce – Mix Tapes
26 . Freestyle Fellowship – Inner City Boundaries
27 . Boss – Deeper
28 . Tupac – Keep Your Head Up
29 . Redman – All Night Long
30 . Tragedy aka Intelligent Hoodlum – Grand Groove
31 . Wu - Tang Clan – Can It Be All So Simple
32 . Jeru tha Damaja – Come Clean
33 . Big L – Devil ’s Son
34 . Ultramagnetic MCs – Two Brothers With Checks
35 . Beatnuts – Reign of the Tec
36 . KRS One – Hip - Hop vs Rap
37 . Tupac ft Digital Underground – I Get Around
38 . Snoop Doggy Dogg – Gin and Juice
39 . Ice Cube ft Das EFX – Check Yo Self
40 . Too Short – Do n’t Fight the Intro
41 . RBL Posse – Bammer Weed
42 . Tha Alkaholiks – Only When I ’m Drunk
43 . LL Cool J – Pink Cookies in a Plastic Bag
44 . Wu - Tang Clan – Method Man
45 . Wu - Tang Clan – Wu - Tang Clan Ain’t Nothin to Fuck With
46 . De La Soul – Ego Trippin ( Part Two )
47 . A Tribe Called Quest – Electric Relaxation
http://therub.crewcial.org/history/TheRub1992.mp3
1. Gang Starr – 24/7/365 Interlude
2. Redman – Time for Some Action
3. Brand Nubian – Punks Jump Up
4. Brand Nubian – Punks Jump Up ( Remix )
5. Das EFX – Mic Checka ( Remix )
6. Gang Starr – DWYCK
7. A Tribe Called Quest – Scenario ( Remix )
8. Pete Rock & CL Smooth – Straighten It Out
9. Showbiz & A.G. – Hold Ya Head
10 . Gang Starr – 92 Interlude
11 . Gang Starr – Conspiracy
12 . Nas – Halftime
13 . Chi Ali – Age Ain’t Nothin But A Number
14 . Pete Rock & CL Smooth – Skinz ( feat .
Grand Puba )
15 . Brand Nubian – Steal Ya ‘ Ho
16 . Gang Starr – Take It Personal
17 . Showbiz & A.G. – Hard to Kill
18 . NWA – N — —z 4 Life
19 . Diamond & The Psychotic Neurotics – I ’m Outta Here
20 . Gang Starr – I ’m The Man
21 . Redman – Blow Your Mind ( Remix )
22 . EPMD – Crossover
23 . Diamond & The Psychotic Neurotics – I Went For Mine
24 . N2 Deep – Back to the Hotel
25 . Ray Luv – Get Ya Money On
26 . House Of Pain – Jump Around ( Pete Rock Remix )
27 . Ultramagnetic MCs – Poppa Large
28 . Public Enemy – Nighttrain ( Pete Rock mix )
29 . Big Daddy Kane – Nuff Respect Due
30 . Eric B. & Rakim – Juice ( Know The Ledge )
31 . Eric B. & Rakim – Do n’t Sweat The Technique
32 . Double XX Posse – Not Gonna Be Able To Do It
33 . Grand Puba – 360° ( What Goes Around ) ( SD50 Remix )
34 . Naughty By Nature – Uptown Anthem
35 . Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth – T.R.O.Y .
( They Reminisce Over You )
36 . MC Serch – Back To The Grill
37 . Das EFX – Jussumen ( Pete Rock Remix )
38 . Das EFX – They Want EFX
39 . Apache – Gangster Bitch
40 . Arrested Development – People Everyday
41 . Fu Schnickens – Ring the Alarm
42 . Dr. Dre – Lil Ghetto Boy
43 . Dr. Dre – Nuthin’ But A “ G ” Thang
44 . D.J Pooh – Sex , Money & Murder
45 . Too $ hort – I Want To Be Free ( That ’s The Truth )
46 . Too $hort – In The Trunk
47 . Son of Bazerk – What Could Be Better Bitch
48 . The Beastie Boys – So What ’cha Want
49 . Pharcyde – Passin Me By
50 . Grand Puba – Soul Controller
51 . Kool G Rap – Ill Street Blues
52 . Dr. Dre – Stranded On Death Row
http://therub.crewcial.org/history/TheRub1991.mp3
1. NWA – Alwayz Into Somethin ’
2. Cypress Hill – Latin Lingo
3. Black Sheep – Butt In The Meantime
4. De La Soul – Afro Connections
At A Hi 5 ( In The Eyes Of The Hoodlum )
5. Ice Cube – A Bird In The Hand
6. Compton ’s Most Wanted – Growin’ Up In The Hood
7. Public Enemy – Shut Em Down ( Pete Rock Remix )
8. Ed OG – Gotta Have It
9 . The Geto Boys – Mind Playing Tricks on Me
10 . Del Tha Funky Homosapien – Pissin’ On Your Steps
11 . A Tribe Called Quest – Check The Rhime
12 . Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince – Summertime
13 . Ice Cube – Steady Mobbin ’
14 . Gang Starr – Step In The Arena
15 . MC Lyte – Poor Georgie
16 . Nice & Smooth – Hip Hop Junkies ( Spanish Fly Mix )
17 . K.M.D. – Nitty Gritty ( Dog Spelled Bkwds mix ) ( feat .
Busta Rhymes & Brand Nubian )
18 . Black Sheep – The Choice Is Yours ( Revisited )
19 . Del Tha Funky Homosapien – Mistadobalina
20 . Tim Dog – Fuck Compton
21 . DJ Quik – Born And Raised In Compton
22 . Main Source – Live At The Barbecue
23 . Digital Underground – Same Song ( feat . 2Pac )
24 . MC Breed – Ain’t No Future in Yo Frontin ’
25 . AMG – Bitch Betta Have My Money
26 . AMG – Jiggable Pie
27 . Nice & Smooth – Sometimes I Rhyme Slow
28 . DJ Quik – Tonight
29 . Del Tha Funky Homosapien – The Wacky World of Rapid Transit
30 . Ice Cube – Doing Dumb Shit
31 . Scarface – Born Killer
32 . A Tribe Called Quest – What ?
33 . Raw Fusion – Throw Your Hands In The Air
34 . De La Soul – Ring Ring Ring ( Ha Ha Hey )
35 . Leaders Of The New School – Sobb Story
36 . Cypress Hill – The Phuncky Feel One
37 . DJ Quik – Sweet Black Pussy
38 . A Tribe Called Quest – Buggin ’ Out
39 . Naughty By Nature – O.P.P
40 . Poor Righteous Teachers – Shakila
41 . Poor Righteous Teachers – Easy Star
42 . De La Soul – Bitties In The BK Lounge
43 . Gang Starr – Credit Is Due
44 . Scarface – The Pimp
45 . Black Sheep – La Menage feat .
Q – Tip
46 . De La Soul – Millie Pulled A Pistol On Santa
47 . Scarface – A Minute to Pray and a Second to Die
http://therub.crewcial.org/history/TheRub1990.mp3
1 : Above The Law " Another Execution "
2 : Ice Cube " Once Upon A Time In The Projects "
3 : Brand Nubian " Who Can Get Busy Like This Man ? "
4 : Main Source " Just Hanging Out "
5 : Eric B. & Rakim " Mahogany "
6 : Compton 's Most Wanted " Give It Up "
7 : CPO " Ballad Of A Menace "
8 : Lord Finesse & DJ Mike Smooth " Here I Come "
9 : Omniscence " Lost In The Music "
10 : Gang Starr " Love Sick "
11 : Digital Underground " Freaks Of The Industry "
12 : Lakim Shabazz " The Lost Tribe Of Shabazz "
13 : King Tee " Played Like A Piano "
14 : K - Solo " Fugitive "
15 : Kool G. Rap " Streets Of New York "
16 : Masta Ace " Me & The Biz "
17 : The Geto Boys " Gangster Of Love "
18 : A Tribe Called Quest " Bonita Applebum "
19 : A Tribe Called Quest " Push It Along "
20 : Freshco & Miz " Ain't You Freshco ? "
21 : Eric B. & Rakim " In The Ghetto "
22 : Main Source " Just A Friendly Game Of Baseball "
23 : Nice & Smooth " No Bones In Ice Cream "
24 : Dooley - O " Watch My Moves "
25 : D - Nice " Call Me D - Nice "
26 : Boogie Down Productions " Material Love "
27 : Special Ed " Living Like A Star "
28 : Poor Righteous Teachers " Rock This Funky Joint "
29 : Big Daddy Kane " Young Gifted And Black "
30 : Lord Finesse & DJ Mike Smooth " Funky Technician "
31 : Third Bass " Product Of The Environment "
32 : LL Cool J " Eat ' Em Up LL , Chill "
33 : The Geto Boys " Scarface "
34 : Above The Law " Murder Rap "
35 : Low Profile " Playing For Keeps "
36 : Ron B " Stitch By Stitch "
37 : Main Source " Snake Eyes "
38 : Chill Rob G. " Let Me Show You ( Prince Paul Remix ) "
39 : K - Solo " Your Mom 's In Our Business "
40 : The Flavor Unit " The Flavor Unit Assassination Squad "
41 : 415 " Lavish "
42 : Too $ hort " The Ghetto "
43 : Three Times Dope " No Words "
44 : Special Ed " The Mission "
45 : Main Source " Think "
46 : Third Bass " 3 Strikes 5000 "
47 : KMD " Gasface Refill "
48 : 360 Degrees " Somebody Like Me "
49 : Gang Starr " Just To Get A Rep "
50 : Public Enemy " 911 Is A Joke "
51 : YZ " Sons Of The Father "
52 : Brand Nubian " Drop The Bomb "
53 : Lord Alibaski " Crunch Time "
54 : X - Clan " Heed The Word Of The Brother "
55 : Kinds Of Swing " Nod Your Head To This "
56 : Special Ed " Ready 2 Attack "
57 : Special Ed " I'm The Magnificent ( Remix ) "
58 : Gang Starr " Who 's Gonna Take The Weight "
59 : Three Times Dope " In Effect "
60 : A Tribe Called Quest " Youthful Expression "
61 : Brand Nubian " Ragtime "
62 : 415 " 415in "
63 : X - Clan " Days Of Outrage , Operation Snatchback "
64 : Ice Cube " Amerikkka 's Most Wanted "
65 : Kid Frost " La Raza "
66 : Kool G Rap & DJ Polo " Talk Like Sex "
67 : Monie Love " It 's A Shame "
68 : A Tribe Called Quest " Pubic Enemy "
69 : Intelligent Hoodlum " Trag Invasion "
70 : N.W.A. " 100 Miles And Running "
71 : E.P.M.D. " I'm Mad "
72 : E.P.M.D. " Rampage "
73 : LL Cool J " Jingling Baby ( Remixed And Still Jingling ) "
74 : Public Enemy " Welcome To The Terrordome "
Hip -Hop History Volume 11 - 1989
http://therub.crewcial.org/history/TheRub1989.mp3
Jungle Brothers - Beads on a String
Kool G Rap & DJ Polo - Truly Yours
The Bizzie Boys - Droppin It
LL Cool J - Big Ol Butt
Big Daddy Kane - Smooth Operator
Heavy D - You Ain't Heard Nothing
Yet
Gangstarr - Words I Manifest
Kwame - The Rhythm
Steady B - Serious
YZ - Thinking of a Master Plan
Chill Rob G - Court is Now In Session
Uptown - Dope on Plastic
Three Times Dope - The Greatest Man Alive
Public Enemy - 911 Is A Joke
3rd Bass - Steppin to the AM
Slick Rick - Mona Lisa
Digital Underground - The Humpty Dance
Beastie Boys - Hey Ladies
EPMD - So Watcha Sayin
NWA - Straight Outta Compton
Stop The Violence Movement - Self Destruction
Chubb Rock - Ya Bad Chubbs
Queen Latifah & Monie Love - Ladies First
De La Soul - Eye Know
Tuff Crew - Soul Food
Big Daddy Kane - Warm it Up Kane
Sugarbear - Do n't Scandalise Mine
Doug Lazy - Let It Roll
Young MC - Bust A Move
2 Live Crew - Me So Horny
Biz Markie - Just A Friend
Hip -Hop History Volume 10 : 1988 http://therub.crewcial.org/history/TheRub1988.mp3 JVC
Force - Strong Island
LL Cool J - Jack the Ripper
Public Enemy - Do n't Believe the Hype
Kool G Rap - Road to the Riches
Antoinette - Unfinished Business
Jungle Brothers - I Got It Like That
BDP - I 'm Still # 1 ( Numero Uno Re-recording )
Run DMC - Beats to the Rhyme
Krown Rulers - Paper Chase
Tuff Crew - My Part of Town
Big Daddy - Set It Off
Kid N Play - Do This My Way
45 King - 900 Number
Rob Base - It Takes
Two
Chill Rob G - The Power
L'Trimm - Cars That Go Boom
The Gucci Crew - Sally That Girl
The 2 Live Crew - Move Somethin
JJ Fad - Supersonic
NWA - Boyz in the Hood
Sir Mixalot - Posse on Broadway
MC EZ & Troup - Get Retarded
De La Soul - Plug Tuning
MC Lyte - 10 % Dis
Queen Latifah - Wrath of My Madness
Eric B & Rakim - Microphone Fiend
Juice Crew - The Symphony
Biz Markie & Big Daddy Kane - Just Rhymin With The Biz
Craig G - Droppin Science
Positive K - Step Up Front
Stetsasonic - Talkin All That Jazz
Hip -Hop History Volume 9 : 1987 http://therub.crewcial.org/history/TheRub1987.mp3 MC Lyte - Kickin' 4 Brooklyn
Just Ice - Goin ' Way Back
LL Cool J - Kanday
Eazy E - Boys In The Hood
NWA - Dope Man
Boogie Down Productions - Criminal Minded
Kool G Rap - Rikers Island
MC Lyte - I Cram To Understand
Audio Two - Top Billin '
Black , Rock & Ron -
That 's How I 'm Living
The Jungle Brothers - Jimbrowski
EPMD - You 're A Customer
Big Daddy Kane & Biz Markie - Just Rhymin' With Biz
Latee - This Cut's Got Flavor
Boogie Down Productions - Poetry
Public Enemy - Timebomb
Schoolly D - Saturday Night
Eric B. & Rakim - Paid In Full
Steady B - Use Me
Biz Markie - Nobody Beats The Biz
Classical Two - Rap's New Generation
Salt 'N Pepa - I'll Take Your Man
Super Lover Cee & Cassanova Rud - Do The James
Public Enemy - P.E. # 1
LL Cool J - My Rhyme Ain't Done
Roxanne Shante - Have A Nice Day
Spoonie Gee - The Godfather
Eric B. & Rakim - I Know You Got Soul
Ultramagnetic MCs - Funky ( Remix )
Big Daddy Kane - Raw
Public Enemy - Bring The Noise
Dismasters - Small Time Hustler
Hip -Hop History Volume 8 : 1986 http://therub.crewcial.org/history/TheRub1986.mp3
The Beastie Boys - Posse In Effect
Joeski Love - Pee Wee 's Dance
Rodney O & Joe Cooley - Everlasting Bass
Eric B. & Rakim - My Melody
Sweet Tee & Jazzy Joyce - It 's My Beat
Boogie Down Productions - South Bronx
MC Shan - The Bridge
Original Concept - Knowledge Me
Kool Moe Dee - Go See the Doctor
Salt 'N Pepa - My Mic Sounds Nice
King Tee - Payback 's A Mutha
Run DMC - Dumb Girl
Ultramagnetic MCs - Ego Trippin
Just Ice - Cold Getting Dumb
Eric B. & Rakim - Eric B. For President
Biz Markie - Make The Music With Your Mouth Biz
Stetsasonic - 4 Ever My Beat
Heavy D - Mr. Big Stuff
Kool G Rap -
It 's A Demo
Steady B - Bring The Beat Back
Word Of Mouth feat .
DJ Cheese - Coast To Coast
The Beastie Boys - Time To Get Ill
Run DMC - Peter Piper
Dj Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince - Live At Union Square Hip - Hop History Volume 7 : 1985 http://therub.crewcial.org/history/TheRub1985.mp3 Run DMC - Together Forever ( Krush Groove 4 )
LL Cool J - I Can't Live Without My Radio
Steady B - Just Call Us Def
Superkids - The Tragedy ( Do n't Do It )
The Treacherous Three - Turn it Up
Toddy Tee - The Batterram
Kurtis Blow - If I Ruled The World
Mantronix - Fresh Is The Word- feat .
MC
Tee
Marley Marl - Marley Scratch - feat .
MC Shan
Stetsasonic - Just Say Stet
Run DMC - King Of Rock
Jazzy Jay - Cold Chillin In The Spot
Schoolly D - PSK
Supernature - The Show Stoppa ( It 's Supa Fresh )
The B - Boys - Girls ( Pt. 2 )
Bad Boys feat .
K- Love - Veronica
Cutmaster DC - Brooklyn's In The House
Grandmaster Flash - Larry's Dance Theme
Doug E. Fresh & Slick Rick - The Show
Tricky Tee - Johnny The Fox
Sparky D - Sparky 's Turn ( Roxanne You 're Through )
Korner Boyz - It 's On ( Jazzy Jeff Scratch )
Run DMC - Darryl & Joe ( Krush Groove 3 )
Roxanne Shante - Bite
This
Whistle - Nothing serial ( We 're Only Buggin ' )
Word Of Mouth feat .
DJ Cheese - King Kut
Rockmaster Scott & The Dynamic Three - Request Line
Masterdon Committee - Funkbox Party 2
Rockmaster Scott & The Dynamic Three - The Roof Is On Fire
Egyptian Lover - Computer Love
LL Cool J - That 's A Lie Hip - Hop History Volume 6 : 1984 http://therub.crewcial.org/history/TheRub1984.mp3 LL
Cool J - I Need A Beat
Whodini - Friends
Donald D - Don's Groove
The World 's Famous Supreme Team - Hey DJ
Run DMC - Rock Box
UTFO - Roxanne , Roxanne
Roxanne Shante - Roxanne 's Revenge
T La Rock -
It 's Yours
Kurtis Blow - AJ Scratch
The Fat Boys - Jailhouse Rap
Whodini - Freaks Come Out At Night
Kurtis Blow - Basketball
Davy DMX - One For The Treble ( Fresh )
Doug E. Fresh - Original Human Beatbox
Doug E. Fresh - Just Having Fun
Master O.C. & Krazy Eddie - Masters of the Scratch
The Fat Boys ( Disco 3 ) - Human Beat Box
Whodini - Five Minutes of Funk
Newcleus - Jam On It
DJ Hollywood - Hollywood 's Message Hip -Hop History Volume 5 : 1983 http://therub.crewcial.org/history/TheRub1983.mp3 Jimmy Spicer - ( Money ) Dollar Bill Y'all
Fresh 3 MC's - Fresh
Run DMC - Jam Master Jay
Fantasy 3 - It 's Your Back
Crash Crew - On The Radio
Lovebug Starski - Live at the Fever
Run DMC - Sucker MCs
Kevvie Kev - All Night Love ( Waterbed )
Gigolette - Games Females Play
Sweet G - Games People Play
Grandmaster Flash & The Furious Five - New York , New York
The B - Boys - 2 , 3 Break
Treacherous Three - Action
Dimples D - Sucker DJ's ( I Will Survive )
West Side Mob - Break Dance - Electric Boogie
G.L.O.B.E. and Whiz Kid - Play That Beat Mr. DJ
The B - Boys - Cuttin ' Herbie
Africa Bambaataa & The Soulsonic Force - Renegades of Funk
Grandmaster Flash & The Furious Five - White Lines
The B - Boys - Rock The House
Run DMC - It 's Like That
Run DMC - Hard Times
Double Dee & Steinski - Lesson 2 The James Brown Mix
Hip -Hop History Volume 4 : 1982 http://therub.crewcial.org/history/TheRub1982.mp3
The Treacherous Three - Yes We Can-Can
Fearless Four - Rockin'
It
Fearless Four -
It 's Magic
Cold Crush Brother - Weekend
Disco Four - We 're At The Party
Crash Crew - Breaking Bells ( Take Me To The Mardi Gras )
Grandmaster Flash & the Furious Five - The Message
Pieces of A Dream - Mt. Airy Groove
Star Quality & Class - Betcha Got A Dude On The Side
Funky 4 + 1 More - Do You Want To Rock
Grandmaster Flash & The Furious Five - Flash To The Beat ( Live )
Jimmy Spicer - The Bubble Bunch
Malcolm Mclaren - Buffalo Gals
Just Four - Jam To Remember
Super 3 - Standing on the Top
South Bronx - Bottom Line
Nairobe & the Awesome Foursome - Funky Soul Makossa
Africa Bambaataa - Looking For The Perfect Beat
Grandmaster Flash & The Furious Five - Scorpio
Africa Bambaataa The Soul Sonic Force - Planet Rock
Hip -Hop History Volume 3 : 1981 http://therub.crewcial.org/history/TheRub1981.mp3 Treacherous 3 - Heartbeat Rap
Dr. Jeckyl & Mr. Hyde - Genius Rap
Just Four - Girls of the World
Afrika Bambaataa & Jazzy 5 - Jazzy Sensation ( Bronx Mix )
T- Ski Valley - Never Let Go
Mean Machine - Disco Dream
Troy Rainey - Tricky T Rap
Solo Sound - Get the Party Jumpin
Crash Crew - We Want To Rock
Disco Four - Do It , Do It
Loose Joints - Shoot the Pump
Grandmaster Flash & The Furious Five - Adventures of Grandmaster Flash on the Wheels of Steel
Sugarhill Gang - Apache
Cold Crush Brothers ( Live )
Busy B vs. Kool Moe Dee ( Live ) Hip - Hop History Volume 2 : 1980 http://therub.crewcial.org/history/TheRub1980.mp3 Ronnie G - Raptivity
Spoonie G - Spoonin Rap
Spoonie G & The Treacherous 3 - Love Rap
Spoonie G & The Treacherous 3 - New Rap Language
Super 3 - Philosophy Rappin Spree
Grandmaster Flash & The Furious Five - Freedom
Sugarhill Gang - 8th Wonder
Kurtis Blow - The Breaks
Funky Four + 1 - That 's The Joint
Margo's Cool Out Crew - Death Rap
Hip -Hop History Volume 1 : 1979 http://therub.crewcial.org/history/TheRub1979.mp3 Grandmaster Flash & The Furious Five - Superappin '
The Younger Generation - We Rap More Mellow
Kurtis Blow - Christmas Rap
Sequence - Funk You Up
Funky 4 + 1 - Rapping and Rocking the House
Lady D - Lady D
Ron Hunt - Spiderap
Fatback Band - King Tim III ( Personality Jock )
Sugarhill Gang - Rapper 's Delight
Lady B - To the Beat Yall
Paulette & Tanya Winley - Rhymin and Rappin
Jazzy 4 MCs - MC
Rock
The world ’s first “ sex robot ” , a life - size rubber doll called Roxxxy who can have real conversations with her owner , including about football , has been unveiled .
The dark - haired , negligee - clad , life - size robotic girlfriend comes complete with artificial intelligence and flesh - like synthetic skin .
Standing five feet , seven inches tall , the doll weighs 120 pounds , comes with five “ personalities ” , is “ ready for action ” her developers said .
A male version of the doll , dubbed Rocky , is also planned .
Roxxxy , who can chat with her flesh - and - blood mate about subjects including Manchester United , also elicits comments depending on how she is touched .
The anatomically - correct robot , who can even snore , has an articulated skeleton that can move like a person but can't walk or independently move its limbs .
There is Wild Wendy , who is outgoing and adventurous , Frigid Farrah , who is reserved and shy , a young unnamed doll with a naïve personality , “ matriarchal kind of caring ” Mature Martha and S & M Susan , who is geared for more adventurous types .
the New Jersey - based artificial intelligence engineer said .
( Yeah that 's not sexist ... )
She is wirelessly linked to the internet for software updates , technical support and to send her man email messages , he said .
Mr Hines , from TrueCompanion , said the doll could carry out simple conversations and was designed to “ know exactly what you like ” .
People ’s customised personalities can be shared with other users online through his company 's website .
" Just think about wife or girlfriend swapping without actually giving the person to someone else , " he said .
Its robotic movement is built into " the three inputs " while a mechanical heart powers a liquid cooling system .
Mr Hines said it was not only a recreational innovation but also something that shy people with sexual dysfunction , and those who want to experiment without risk , could use .
In a 2007 book , " Love and Sex with Robots , " British chess player and artificial intelligence expert David Levy argues that robots will become significant sexual partners for humans , answering needs that other people are unable or unwilling to satisfy .
Source : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/howaboutthat/6963383/Foxy-Roxxxy-worlds-first-sex-robot-can-talk-about-football.htmlIdk, part of me wants to argue that this is an example of the further sexual objectification of women , another part wants to feel sorry for the sort of man who would actually need something like this , and another part just wonders what the consequences of putting your junk into electrical equipment could be .
" Seed " For Sale
" Ladies and gentlemen : a moment of your time . " " My name is Miracle Jones and I am one of the editors here at the Fiction Circus .
I was born and raised in Texas , but I currently live in New York City .
I like wearing a big tophat and drinking whiskey out of a paper cup .
My eyes are brown and so is my bullshit . "
" I have traveled a very long way to be here , but I wo n't waste your time with unnecessary details or frilly chatter .
I have been nursing a dream for a long time , and now I am finally making this dream come true . "
" I am publishing my latest short story collection -- a nested set of ten provocative stories called " Seed " -- in a flash drive shaped like a miniature penis .
The penis will be made out of ordinary squishy dong gel , and , though small , will be quite functional as a genital simulacrum .
" Seed " will be a historical first : a short - story collection that you can also stick up your vagina or rectum .
That means " Seed " will be available for sale in both the seediest back rooms of dirty sex shops and in the sparkliest literature sections of nice book stores . " " Seed " is not just an idle curiosity , however .
" Seed " represents a marriage between humanity 's two oldest art forms : the story and the sculpture .
I believe that all book stores will someday be repositories of wonders such as " Seed " and that the duty of the modern creator is to infuse the boring material world with fascinating artistic information .
I envision that someday even lamps and toasters will be filled with fiction , comics , and movies .
Tophats will contain whole worlds ! " " Seed " will not only contain the ten stories of my collection , it will also contain voice recordings , illustrations , animations , concept art , and many other extras .
Additionally , after you upload " Seed " to your computer or ereader , you are more than welcome to delete the stories and use the fun 2 gig penis - shaped flash drive for your own purposes .
" " When you buy " Seed , " you are not just buying an ebook , you are buying every possible electronic and paper version of " Seed . "
We will include all thirty proprietary formats for ereaders , including simple text files , .epub , and .pdfs .
Additionally , we will also include a specially - formatted .pdf that will allow you to print and bind " Seed " at an Espresso Book Machine or any other " on demand " printer as a real , honest - to - God paper book .
You will even be able to choose your own cover . "
" Unlike with an ebook , you will not look like an asshole if you give " Seed " as a gift .
It is a real , tangible object with weight and presence .
The object and stories form a synchronous union that justifies the excess .
Like its predecessor the paper book , a seed sculpture such as " Seed " is an eye - catching material object that pries open your imagination and lifts you out of the material world . "
" I realize that the stories on " Seed " will be pirated rather quickly .
In fact , I encourage this .
As I writer , I want the greatest number of people to read , enjoy , and sample my work .
But you can't pirate a physical sculpture , and I believe that many readers want a more permanent object than an ebook , and want all of the extras , freedom , amenities , and security that an object such as " Seed " delivers . "
" I also invite any fans who may want to contribute relevant illustrations , films , or audio remixes to " Seed " to send me their work .
I will upload contributions I like to our server , and it will become part of the constantly evolving " Seed " nugget .
There are no more finished projects .
There are only finished packages . " " Selling books as seed sculptures gives permanence and literal weight to a work of art , in addition to keeping the art safe from deterioration , deletion , and alteration . "
" If a malevolent government or corporation deletes " Seed " from your computer or ereader , the flash drive serves as your permanent back - up , ensuring that when you buy " Seed , " you buy it for good and are not just renting .
If a malevolent government or corporation deletes " Seed " from your flash drive , you will be able to connect to our server to download another copy .
If a malevolent government or corporation deletes " Seed " from our server , then we will replace it with a copy from one of our own flash drives .
A seed turns a book into a body with DNA .
The seed is the part of the plant built to survive a fire . "
" I 'd like to tell you more about the actual stories on " Seed , " but I would hate to spoil them for you .
If you want to buy " Seed " and you live in New York or Austin , email me at miraclejones@fictioncircus.com and I will deliver one to you personally or tell you where you can get one .
Right now , " Seed " costs $ 20 , but the price may go down as we streamline the production process .
We are a fiction magazine !
Not a factory ! " " If you do not live in New York or Austin , you will just have to wait patiently for " Seed " to come to you . " " We have a limited supply at present but we are working hard to build more .
We will begin taking online orders for Christmas soon , and we will also be revealing other big new fiction surprises each month this season .
" " Thank you for your time ! "
HARRY POTTER , characters , names and related indicia are trademarks of and � Warner Bros.
Entertainment Inc. Harry Potter Publishing Rights � JKR .
( s10 )
Universal elements and all related indicia TM & © 2010 Universal Studios .
© 2010 Universal Orlando .
All rights reserved .
TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Continuing a month of skeptical victories , the UK's General Medical Council has found that Andrew Wakefield -- the founder of the modern antivaccination movement -- acted " dishonestly and irresponsibly " when doing the research that led him to conclude that vaccinations were linked with autism .
This is being reported everywhere , including the BBC , Sky News , the Yorkshire Evening Post , and more .
The GMC ( the independent body of medical regulators in the UK , rather like the AMA in the US ) did n't investigate whether his claims were correct or not -- and let 's be very clear , his claims have been shown beyond any doubt to be totally wrong -- only whether he acted ethically in his research .
What they found is that his research ( involving spinal taps of children ) was against the children 's clinical interest , that Wakefield was unqualified to perform the test , and that he had no ethical approval to do them .
Wow .
Again , let 's be clear : that 's a whole lot of ethical damnation from the UK 's leading medical board .
Not to pile on here , but I was rather surprised that they did n't mention the claims -- supported by a lot of evidence -- that on top of all that unethical behavior , he may have faked his results , too .
There 's also no mention of his grave conflict of interest -- at the time he published his paper slamming vaccines and which started the antivax craze , he was developing an alternative to vaccinations , so he had a very large monetary incentive to make the public distrust vaccines .
The GMC has not announced whether he ( and two of his cohorts ) will be sanctioned or not .
I 'll be very curious to see what they do .
Will this deter Wakefield and the antivax movement ?
Ha !
Of course not .
Note that supporters of Wakefield heckled the GMC members as they read their announcements .
Also , the evidence was already overwhelming that Wakefield was wrong , just as it's overwhelming that vaccines are totally and completely unrelated to autism .
But the antivaxxers ' world is not based on evidence .
It 's more like a dogmatic religion , since many of its believers will twist and distort the truth to fit their views , even , tragically , if it means babies will die .
The antivax movement is resulting in the deaths of children from preventable diseases , many of which were all but gone in the United States .
We 're seeing the return of measles , mumps , pertussis , even polio -- polio , which was eradicated entirely in the US by 1994 .
Because vaccines are so effective , people do n't remember these diseases and how they would kill , and now the antivaxxers are paving the way for their return .
This ruling against Wakefield is a step in the right direction , but the path is long and the antivaxxers will be there at every one of these steps , trying desperately to trip up reality .
It 's up to us to make sure that we keep walking .
The Original World 's Cheapest Optical Mousepad
Installation
Download the World 's Cheapest Optical Mousepad below .
Print it out .
Tape it to your work surface .
Place mouse on it .
Move mouse around while clicking .
Care and Cleaning
Do n't clean it .
Make a new one .
It 's cheap .
Download
World 's Cheapest Optical Mousepad ( 350 KB PDF , Acrobat Reader required )
Tips
If you want a more durable cheap mousepad , print it out on card stock .
Technical Support
Email
Frequently Asked Questions
Q : Does the mousepad contain subliminal messages ?
A : No .
Q : If I stare at the mousepad and cross my eyes , will I see an image ?
A : No , you will only get a headache .
Q : Can I use the mousepad with my non-optical roller mouse ?
A : Sure .
Q : Does the mousepad work with my trackball ?
A : No .
Q : Is the mousepad ergonomically correct ?
A : Not specifically .
Q : Can I print the mousepad on my color printer ?
A : Sure .
Q : After staring at the mousepad and going without food and water for an extended period , I begin to see small creatures living within the dots .
Sometimes these creatures speak to me and divulge secrets of the universe .
A : Just say no to drugs .
Awards and Recognition
None , but I 'm guessing somebody will nominate this site as The World 's Worst Webpage .
Gallery
If you are bored enough to take a picture of your World 's Cheapest Optical Mousepad in use , post it in our mousepad gallery .
Copyright ©2006 by Carr Engineering , Inc. Sponsored by VolunteerHub.com .
U.S. federal authorities arrested a 26 - year - old man on Thursday for allegedly selling modified cable modems that enabled free Internet access , according to the U.S. Department of Justice .
Matthew Delorey of New Bedford , Mass. , is charged with one count of conspiracy and one count of wire fraud .
If convicted , he could face up to 20 years in prison for each charge , and a $ 250,000 fine .
Delorey allegedly ran a now - defunct Web site called Massmodz.com , where hacked modems were sold .
The modems had been modified in order to spoof the device 's MAC ( Media Access Control ) address .
It is possible then to either obtain free Internet access or make it appear that a different modem is obtaining access .
Authorities alleged that Delorey sold two of the modified modems to an undercover FBI agent .
Delorey also allegedly posted to YouTube showing how to get free Internet access through modified cable modems .
He allegedly posted instructional videos with titles such as " Massmodz.com How to Get Free Internet Free Cable Internet Comcast or any Cable ISP - 100 % works " and " Massmodz.com
How to bypass Comcast registration page with premod cable modem SB5100 , SB 5101 . "
Federal authorities have recently moved against other people regarding cable modems .
In October Ryan Harris , 26 , was arrested for allegedly running a San Diego company called TCNISO that sold customizable cable modems and software that could be used to get free Internet service or a speed boost for paying subscribers .
Harris is charged with conspiracy , computer intrusion and wire fraud .
Without making a clear announcement beforehand , SquareEnix has made Final Fantasy VIII available on Playstation Network during a content update last night .
The eighth instalment in the long - running series was originally released in 1999 for the first - generation Playstation and a year later for the PC .
Available for $ 9.99 , the game can also be played on a Sony PSP , with save games apparently transferable between the handheld and a Playstation 3 .
Final Fantasy VIII is the second Final Fantasy game to be made available on the Playstation 3 , with Final Fantasy VII being made available as well in June earlier this year .
Pierre Le Gros the Younger ( 1666 -1719 ) , Religion overthrowing Heresy and Hatred
In a thought provoking article called “ Art , Taste , Money , ” the author reflects on the current state of art .
He notes a sharp difference in taste between the so - called cultural elites and the masses who “ just do n’t get it ” .
He illustrates his point brilliantly with a response by an anonymous commentator on a review published by Aurelio Madrid entitled , “ Difficult Art ” .
You can read the full article , but basically the anonymous commentator vehemently disagrees with Madrid , equating Madrid ’s concept of “ difficult art ” with what he calls “ fartwork ” :
When I see this fartwork I get sick from the fumes of its own arrogance .
Even without reference to the concrete work criticized here , the comment and the feeling that goes along with it should be immediately recognizable to many of us .
Who has n’t walked around a modern art museum looking for the nearest exit , only to discover it ’s part of some ironic self - referential installation ?
Okay , maybe not all of us . . . but polemics have always played a central role in the history of art .
The discourse is strewn with disagreements about authenticity , originality , and of course , true beauty .
Immanuel Kant ’s famous Critique of Judgment discusses the notion of subjective - universality in taste judgments :
(§ 22 ) The necessity of the universal agreement that is thought in a judgment of taste is a subjective necessity , which is represented as objective under the presupposition of a common sense :
In all judgments by which we describe anything as beautiful , we allow no one to be of another opinion ; without however grounding our judgment on concepts but only on our feeling , which we therefore place at its basis not as a private , but as a communal feeling .
Now this common sense cannot be grounded on experience ; for it aims at justifying judgments which contain an ought .
It does not say that every one will agree with my judgment , but that he ought …
I interpret the anonymous commentator of Aurelio Madrid ’s article as trying to convince us of the truth of his taste judgment precisely on the basis of Kant ’s feeling of subjective necessity .
The commentator ’s outcry essentially calls out for someone to share his feeling .
In the above passage , Kant is inviting us to find out what binds us together as a community of human beings , through the questioning of each other ’s taste .
A taste that , according to Kant , is based on a presupposed communal feeling , a common sense , a shared sensibility .
I argue this process of taste conformity , this reaching out , this calling out , is part of our human nature .
The only way to prove the beauty of a piece of artwork is–as with all aesthetic and literary judgements –by arguing for it .
Taste judgments , however , work differently than other arguments , according to Kant .
The difference with aesthetic judgments is that they are based on feelings derived from the senses , instead of logical concepts .
They are not based on experience , because Kant , speaking as an empiricist , holds to a distinction between “ feeling ” and “ experience ” ( of things existing out there ) .
To argue for an aesthetic judgment thus means striving towards consensus and conformity , but also a true and lasting consensus .
Theodor W. Adorno , another philosopher of aesthetic theory , writes :
Only the pedant presumes to distinguish the beautiful from the ugly in nature , but without such distinction the concept of [ natural ] beauty would be empty .
( Aesthetic Theory , 1997 , p. 70 )
Without the effort by some to make a distinction between what is beautiful and what is ugly , the beautiful disappears , becomes meaningless , and ultimately incomprehensible .
But since there are no universally accepted aesthetic values , we can never reach indisputable criteria when judging taste .
I do believe true works of art–as concrete examples of an attained ideal –demonstrate Kant ’s “ feeling of necessity ” and ask us to try and make that distinction .
I believe we need those among us who ’ve spent lifetimes developing their powers of sensory differentiation , to point us in the right direction and help us in cultivating our own .
That is not to say we cannot have our own aesthetic judgements ; it is only to suggest further learning and cultivation .
Truth exists in art , and it still exists in art today .
The only problem is that “ every man believes he ’s in possession of the truth ” ( Robert Musil ) .
We need the community , we need the conflict of opinions , we need the experts and the non-experts , to decipher what is true to us .
Our final conclusion on a work of art , if there ever is one , should be the reconciliation between the consensus and the individual .
More so than any other field of inquiry , art demands this complex process of understanding and enlightenment .
An art critic , like a layperson , should be open to critique , because that ’s the way each of us sharpens our senses and opens up to new possibilities .
Sometimes art critics forget that art is n’t just there to please and confirm them , but that it is a common good .
A good that expresses , through painting , photography , or sculpture , what is common to all .
A good art critic should take the outcry of the anonymous commentator to heart .
Art is a language but not a secret language …
Reinaert is an amateur artist and addicted to culture .
His interests for anything cultural reach far and deep , ranging from Japanese cult movies to religion and comedy .
He loves the ancients and classics , but is open to innovation , the exotic , and modern experimentation in art .
He studied philosophy specializing in art philosophy , but also holds a bachelor in cultural anthropology .
When I 'm traveling , I always carry snacks .
Airplane food is so gross and overpriced !
Specifically , I keep a Wurstkoffer on hand .
It holds 19 different types of sausage and all of my hopes and dreams .
[ Radman via LTG ]
Advertisement
SHARE YOUR HAIROBICS HAIR JOURNEY #HAIROBICS
Founder , Stephanie Suthers
Stephanie Suthers , 64 , is owner and founder of Hairobics All Natural Hair Products .
Made from the most unique blend of natural formulas , these products contain all natural herbs , essential oils , amino acids , and vitamins from around the world .
Our ingredients are specially formulated to nourish the scalp and repair damaged follicles .
Hairobics is a solution that literally gets to the root of the problem .
Hairobics herbal hair and scalp products promote healthy hair growth , slow hair loss , thicken thinning hair , repair damaged hair due to over - processing and breakage , and control dandruff .
Read More :
Peter Stanford graduated from law school in 1983 .
After clerking for a Federal Judge in St. Louis , he went to work for the insurance companies specializing in medical malpractice defense .
After working for the defense for seven years , Mr. Stanford established his own law firm .
Since 1989 Stanford Law Offices , S.C. has worked exclusively for individuals .
By virtue of Mr. Stanford ’s unique experience working for the defense , Stanford Law Offices , S.C. has an advantage in “ knowing the opposition . ”
In addition to this advantage , we enjoy working for individuals in a broad range of practice areas .
We pride ourselves on doing things differently , and that starts with our client relationships :
We are the employee and the client as the employer .
We understand our clients are putting life ’s toughest circumstances in our hands .
We cannot think of a higher privilege than trusting us to not only solve your most devastating problem , but to ensure your future is intact .
At the same time , we encourage potential clients to interview other lawyers .
We want to ensure you feel you are hiring the best “ employee ” to solve your legal problems .
We encourage consultations , meetings , interviews , phone calls , email exchanges and any form of communication to interview us , and hopefully , ultimately hire us to solve their problems .
We welcome the opportunity to serve your interests and defend your future .
Contact us today for a consultation .
Contact Us
If you have been injured in a car accident , truck accident or other highway accident , contact Stanford Law Offices , S.C.
We are available 24 hours a day , with a 24 hour response guaranteed , and are conveniently located just off I - 43 .
To contact us , call 414-276-8269 .
Andrew Gardner , 35 , was burnt and beaten for weeks by his flatmates , including the mother of his baby daughter , court told
A father was tortured to death by the mother of his baby daughter , her ex-lover and her brother , a court heard today .
Andrew Gardner , 35 , was repeatedly punched , kicked , stamped on and burnt in the weeks before his death in March last year , the court heard .
Clare Nicholls , 28 , her brother Simon Nicholls , 24 , and her former partner Steven Martin , 44 , went on trial today at Teesside crown court accused of his murder .
Gardner 's lifeless body was found by paramedics in the living room of the house he shared with the three defendants in Chilton , County Durham .
Opening the case for the crown , Paul Sloan QC told the jury that Gardner had been the victim of repeated attacks in the weeks before his death .
" Andrew Gardner had suffered extensive injuries , " he said .
" It was apparent that Andrew Gardner had been severely and repeatedly beaten , burnt and tortured over a period of weeks . "
A post -mortem examination revealed Gardner had suffered 21 separate rib fractures .
" The rib fractures are such that they are normally encountered at the severe end of the spectrum , as seen in a car crash or considerable falls from height , " Sloan said .
" The only reasonable explanation for the rib fractures is that Andrew Gardner was repeatedly and forcibly jumped on with feet or knees as he lay on the floor . "
The prosecutor also outlined the other injuries Gardner had suffered .
His feet and left leg had been severely burnt , he told the court .
Gardner had also suffered burns to his neck and back , which the crown alleged was caused by Martin 's cigarette lighter .
Burns to Gardner 's back and left shoulder were consistent with being held forcibly against a radiator .
Sloan explained to the jury that the victim and the three defendants lived in the same house .
" Clare Nicholls and Simon Nicholls are sister and brother .
At the relevant time the deceased Andrew Gardner was Clare Nicholls 's partner , " he said .
" Steven Martin , the third defendant , had at one time been Clare Nicholls 's partner .
Notwithstanding the cessation of that relationship , Clare Nicholls and Steven Martin still maintained what can be described as an ' on - off relationship ' . "
Clare Nicholls is mother to girls , aged nine and five , and a seven - year - old boy .
She also had a one - year - old daughter with Gardner .
The jury heard that Simon Nicholls had dialled 999 at 11.27 pm on 13 March last year , claiming that Gardner had come home saying he had been attacked .
When paramedics arrived they found Gardner lying on the living room floor wearing just a pair of shorts .
" He was not breathing , he had no pulse and his body was stiff , indicating he had been dead for some hours , " the prosecutor said .
" When asked , Simon Nicholls claimed the deceased had been lying on the floor for half an hour . "
He told police Gardner had left the house at about 8.30 that evening before returning just after 11 pm complaining of being assaulted .
Clare Nicholls said she had been upstairs when her partner returned home , while Martin said he had been watching TV with Simon Nicholls , the court heard .
The mother of Simon and Clare , Janet Hall , who lives a few doors away , was found hiding behind the bathroom door by police .
Six medical experts , including burns specialists and A&E trauma consultants , have provided evidence for the prosecution .
A post mortem examination by Home Office pathologist Dr Nigel Cooper revealed the suffering Gardner had endured .
" There was an innumerable number of blows dealt to Andrew Gardner , which included slaps or quite possibly kicks or blows from weapons over a period of at least weeks , " Sloan said .
" The point of an object or objects had been pulled deliberately and repeatedly across the surface of the body . "
Martin also painted nail varnish on Gardner because he was " acting like a girl " , and Clare Nicholls 's children were encouraged by the defendants to write swear words in pen on the victim , the court heard .
" It would have been obvious for some quite considerable time that Andrew Gardner needed urgent medical attention , " Sloan said .
" The account as suggested by the defendants when they first called the emergency services , that Andrew Gardner has left the house and gone for a walk , returning claiming to have been assaulted can be dismissed as utter rubbish . "
Witnesses will tell the jury that Gardner was repeatedly attacked at home by the defendants , Sloan said .
He read from a statement of TV engineer Graham Stevenson , who was installing satellite television in the defendants ' home two weeks before the victim 's death , describing a row over smoking .
" She was shouting at [ Gardner ] aggressively saying : ' You know it 's my house .
When the engineers leave , you leave .
You 've had one beating , you want another ?.'
Andrew Gardner appeared terrified , saying : ' I know , I know . ' "
Clare Nicholls 's seven - year - old son is expected to give evidence for the crown tomorrow via video link .
" Not only did he regard what happened as normal he also believed that the behaviour he described was justified , " Sloan told the jury .
" He believed Andrew Gardner had been taken away to jail because he had ' nearly broken the family ' .
He was unaware that Andrew Gardner was , in effect , dead . "
Gardner , who was unemployed , was very thin and malnourished , Sloan told the jury .
The boy said Gardner did not eat very much and did not join the family for meals at the dinner table .
" He would stare at them and ask for food and they would shout at him , " Sloan said .
The boy said Gardner would also steal food , such as bread or chocolate , and would be told off and beaten if he was caught .
" They would count and measure food so that if any was missing they would know Andrew Gardner was responsible , " Sloan said .
His mother would also stop Gardner from falling asleep , telling him to walk around for a few minutes , Sloan said .
Gardner would also be punched and karate - kicked by his mother , the boy said , and she would also let him hit Gardner .
" He said he hit Mr Gardner because he was a man , " Sloan said .
" He went on to say that he felt he had to watch because if someone hit him he would want to know how to get his own back .
He said it was not really his mother 's fault because Andrew Gardner had been lying and stealing . "
As Sloan read from interviews Simon Nicholls gave to police recalling an incident where his sister had drop - kicked Gardner , Clare Nicholls shouted at her brother : " That 's rich coming from you .
You were the one that kicked him in the ribs . "
She had to be restrained by dock officers and the trial was halted briefly .
Sloan said Simon Nicholls told detectives his sister had a bad temper and when she lost it she could " seriously hurt you " .
The three defendants deny murder .
The trial has been adjourned until tomorrow .
James
Wood , a writer who himself has lived between the tugs of belief and unbelief , made an eloquent call in the New Yorker last August for " a theologically engaged atheism " .
Concluding a review of Terry Eagleton 's recent attack on Richard Dawkins and Christopher Hitchens , he imagines something " only a semitone from faith [ which ] could give a brother 's account of belief , rather than treat it as some unwanted impoverished relative . "
At the American Academy of Religion meeting in Montreal last year , he may have gotten his wish , or something resembling it .
Following an apocalyptic sermon from " death of God " theologian Thomas J.J. Altizer , to the podium came the ruffled Slovenian philosopher Slavoj Žižek , a self - described atheist and " materialist through and through " , before an audience of religion scholars , theologians , and costumed adherents .
He spoke of truths Christianity alone possesses and how Christ 's death reveals that " the only universality is the universality of struggle . "
Atheism , he explained , is true Christianity , and one can only be a real atheist by passing through Christianity .
" In this sense , I am unconditionally a Christian " , said Žižek .
He is one of several leading thinkers in recent years who , though coming out of a deeply secular and often Marxist bent , have made a turn toward theology .
In 1997 , Alain Badiou published a study of the apostle Paul , whom he took as an exemplar of his own influential philosophy of the " event " .
Three years later , Giorgio Agamben responded in Italian with The Time That Remains , a painstaking exegesis of the first ten words of Paul 's Letter to the Romans .
The purpose of both was not a more enlightened piety , but an inquiry into the texture of revolution .
Paul is significant to them because he ushered in , and in the process described , a genuinely transformational social movement .
These atheist theologians speak from a sensation of political atrophy ; they 're assembling a barricade against the onslaught of global capitalism and the tireless inanity of jingoistic violence .
But do n't expect to find them wafting into church on Sunday morning .
Although believers have welcomed literary theorist Terry Eagleton 's critique of Dawkins and Hitchens , at a talk in New York this September , he declared he has nothing to say about prayer and is " presently distant from the institutional dimension " of religion , even if falling short of outright atheism .
When I asked him , in a subsequent interview , what he wants of his readers , he replied , " I 'm certainly not urging them to go to church .
I 'm urging them , I suppose , to read the Bible because it 's very relevant to radical political concerns . "
Yet some " real " theologians are starting to follow this phenomenon with interest , seeing in it an opportunity to rejuvenate their own enterprise .
The Anglican John Milbank , in a recent book he wrote with Žižek called The Monstrosity of Christ , said of his co-author , " In an important sense , he bears a theological witness " .
Searching for political answers , Žižek and the others have unearthed some of the forgotten radicalism of earliest Christianity , and they insist on its relevance today .
Yet they also represent a threat to the religious status quo .
What does it mean , after all , if atheists are doing theology better than believers ?
" Žižek 's work is hazardous to the health of cardboard theology and the church on which it rests " , says Creston Davis of Rollins College in Florida , who edited and orchestrated The Monstrosity of Christ .
" It is time we took theology back out of the hands of business - class freeloaders . "
There is in this theological turn , also , a dangerous desire .
Nobody seems willing to die for a secular philosophy any more , yet in today 's " post secular " religion , blood sacrifice abounds .
The suicide bombers and abortion - doctor killers whom we all decry seem able to tap into a well of deep conviction like what brought Paul and other early Christians to be martyred for their faith .
A politics capable of organizing people to resist the intrusions of capital and ideology would certainly require that kind of commitment .
Theology , perhaps , provides a point of access to these ambivalent powers in human nature and the chance to carefully , thoughtfully mobilize them anew .
" It is clear that liberalism has run out of ideas , " adds Creston Davis .
Philosophy 's turn to theology , he believes , is " a step in the right direction toward taking care of the poor and struggling for a better future for the world . "
VCC 20 → 7
GND 10 → 22
SCL ( Serial Clock ) 19 → 19
MISO ( Master In Slave Out ) 18 → 18
MOSI ( Master Out Slave In ) 17 → 17
RESET
( Which acts as the Slave Select pin for accessing the flash ) 1 → 1
# enter the parameters for the avrdude isp tool ISPTOOL = dasa ISPPORT = com6 ISPSPEED =
make diecimila_isp
I 've been wanting a few extra Arduino ATmegas lately , so that I can use them in my projects instead of the entire Arduino board , and have the projects be a little more permanent .
The problem is that when you buy ATmegas from somewhere like Digikey , they do n't have the Arduino bootloader burned on them , and buying them anywhere else tends to be a little more expensive .
I 've been putting a lot of thought into how to fix this , since AVR programmers are n't cheap ( cheapest is the USBtinyISP at $ 22 ) .
The thing to do is borrow someone else 's , since it 's only needed to burn the bootloader , which handles reprogramming it from there on .
The problem is that I only know one other person who has any kind of an interest in microcontrollers , and hebought his first Arduino over winter break , so borrowing a programmer is n't going to happen .
Another one of my friends then gave me a miniPOV 3 kit that he had been given and no longer wanted , and that gave me an idea .
The only difference between programming the ATtiny 2313V on the miniPOV , and programming an ATmega168 from an Arduino is the pinout .
They both use the same SPI protocol to appear as a slave flash storage device to the programmer .
The miniPOV has a DASA programmer built into it , which means it hooks up to a serial port , and then in software on the computer you bit - bang out the SPI protocol to talk to the AVR on the POV board .
Retargeting this programmer for an ATmega would be relatively easy : Connect the correct six pins for SPI , and change the Makefile that comes with the bootloader source to use DASA instead of the STK500 programmer that it 's expecting .
Figuring out the correct pinout is simply a matter of reading the datasheet for the ATtiny2313 and the ATmega168 , and jumper the six pins needed to program it .
It 's six pins because , beyond the three needed for the SPI protocol itself , you also need a forth line for slave select , since SPI has no addressing system like IC , and two more lines for power and ground .
For the following list , connect the first number 's pin from the IC socket on the miniPOV to the second number 's pin on the ATmega , so the 20th pin on the 2313 is power , where it is pin 7 on the 168 .
You 're also going to need a 16MHz crystal on pins 9 & 10 .
Without it , once it finishes burning the fuses to not use the internal oscillator , the chip will stop responding , which is unfortunate .
The majority of the software battle is just getting the environment setup ( AVRDUDE , GCC , Make , etc ) .
If I remember correctly , this was relatively simple , following the directions on the miniPOV site
The source for the bootloader is shipped with the Arduino environment under arduino\hardware \bootloaders \atmega .
Open the Makefile in a text editor , and change the following lines ( which are about 20 lines into the file ) .
DASA is the type of programmer which we are using ( Serial bit- bang ) , and com6 is the serial port that my USB → Serial adapter happened to show up as .
You 'll need to figure out which com port you 're using and change accordingly .
I did n't know what to put for the speed , so I left it blank , and it defaulted to something functional , if painfully slow .
Once everything is hooked up , you 're ready to play with fire .
Open a command prompt in the atmega bootloader folder , type , and sit back and enjoy the next TWO HOURS (!!! ) as it ever so carefully writes the 16kBs of flash on the ATmega .
But hey , two hours is two hours I would have wasted otherwise doing something silly like try and hang out with real life people or do homework , and you only need to do this once before you can start reprogramming it just using the Arduino board , so in the end , it 's not that bad .
In the end , I now have a second Arduino for the cost of an ATmega 168 ( $ 4.32 ) , a crystal ( 50 cents ) , a few caps , and whatever other parts I need for the current project , without having to buy a real AVR programmer .
Happy hacking .
PUBLIC schools are not getting their fair share of federal schools funding because of an '' unfair and dysfunctional ' ' funding model inherited from the Howard government , according to a report to be released today .
The report , by Jim McMorrow , a former senior public servant and policy adviser and honorary associate professor at the University of Sydney , was commissioned by the Australian Education Union .
It will place further pressure on the Federal Government to scrap the controversial socio-economic status ( SES ) funding model introduced by the Howard government in 2001 .
But Education Minister Julia Gillard and independent schools said the report was misleading because it ignored the contribution made by state and territory governments , which provide the bulk of funding for government schools .
The report , to be released at the union 's national conference in Melbourne this morning , acknowledges the Federal Government has provided unprecedented levels of Commonwealth funding to all schools - including government ones .
Advertisements
Fox News broke out the editing machine again today , and this time the victim was Howard Dean .
On Fox and Friends they played video of Dean saying , “ We are now committed to a solution using the private insurance companies . ” FNC turned Dean into a tea bagger by editing any praise for the bill and criticism of insurance company CEOs .
Here is the Fox and Friends video courtesy of Media Matters :
Fox News edited Dean ’s comments so what aired was , “ Decisions are being made about the long - term future of this country for short - term political reasons and that ’s never a good sign .
…
You will be forced to buy insurance .
If you do n’t , you ’ll pay a fine . …
This is a bigger bailout for the insurance industry than AIG .
And not one person — excuse me — a very small number of people are going to get any insurance at all .
…
This is an insurance company ’s dream . ”
Advertisements
After they played Dean ’s edited comments FNC legal expert Paul Johnson said , “ [ A ] lot of tea party people , and Republicans , and Independents in the United States are saying , maybe , he ’s really a patriot . ”
According to Media Matters , Dean ’s complete comment was , “ Decisions are being made about the long - term future of this country for short - term political reasons and that ’s never a good sign .
There are some good things in this bill .
The problem is we are now committed to a solution using the private insurance companies , and you will be forced to buy insurance .
If you do n’t , you ’ll pay a fine .
And 27 percent of the money that you put in will not go to your health care , it ’ll go to CEOs who make $ 20 million .
This is a bigger bailout for the insurance industry than AIG .
And not one person — excuse me — a very small number of people are going to get any insurance at all until 2014 if the bill works . ”
Fox News edited any praise that Dean offered the bill , and also his negative comment about insurance company CEO’s .
When you read the full text , it is clean Dean does n’t agree with Republicans and the tea baggers at all .
Dean opposes the bill because it does n’t go far enough .
He wants real reform .
I still do n’t understand how anyone can either trust Fox News or believe anything that they put on the air .
It is one thing for a network to have point of view , but when that viewpoint extends to doctoring video , it becomes propaganda .
Ivan “ Vanya Bonecrusher ” Khutorskoy was shot in Moscow by an unknown nazi assassin on the 16th of November 2009 .
This interview with him ( where he uses a pseudonym ) was published on the punxunite .ru website on the 29th of September this year .
Take the time to read it in order to know about this man and his ideas , share it with your friends and translate it .
Talking about nothing
It 's 4 a .m. we are ... on the air with radio " Modern " and we have a live guest from our series " talking about nothing " , the estemed cultural worker , the modest Christophorovich Kostopravov .
So ... the first question is ...
I [ emcee ] :
How did you get into punk ?
How did it allbegin ?
K : It began a good while ago .
In the begining of 1994 or so .
I was 11 and my cousin was 9 .
It seems , we were such small boys , but we decided , that we have nothing in commong with our peers , ' cause we had different interests .
We listened to other music , thought differently .
We made a decision .
We asked ourselves : what subculture is better for us ?
And we chose punk .
Of course , we had almost no idea about what it was exactly and even if we had , it was limitted .
We were just children , you know .
But over time influenced by older folks , we began to get more info .
One of them is beyond the veil , the other one made has left the scene .
He has a family and child .
They were giving us different records .
The first records we got could n't be called punk .
It was the common circuit : Sektor Gaza , Krasnaya Plesen ' .
All that fucking shit .
Our real exposure to punk - rock took place in 1995 - 1996 - 1997 , I think .
The first foreign groups , which we heard were Sex Pistols , Exploited , NoFX , Offspring , Ramones and Clash .
It was the first punk groups , I guess .
And the russian ones ...
It 's a pity that at that timet there was the lousy compilation " Punk revolution " put out by the Hard Rock Corporation ( KTR ) label which we all hated .
Greetings to Pauk btw ( laughing ) .
There was nothing else , no other albums .
And at that moment on this compilation you could hear Distemper , Naiv , Tarakany , Purgen .
Bands , which are against fascism , nationalism , racism .
But nevertheless , due to these foreign bands , we began to listen to the albums of russian groups : Distemper , Naiv , Tarakany , Purgen ...
Mavzoley also .
Then in 1997 I went to my first punk - concerts .
It was Sektor Gaza , it was Purgen and Grazhdanskaya Oborona ( G.O. )
These were the first 3 concerts ...
In 1998 it was more often ...
I : And what was your family 's opinion about that ?
K : Well , they did n't understandwhat was happening at first .
Oh , come now !
Such a guy , he does so well in school .
And yet such an informal appearance .
At first they did n't understand anything .
But as I was moving further into adulthood , getting more info , I began to explain to them , what it wast .
Over time everything was straightened out .
My mother met many people from other cities and groups .
She fell in love with ska , before it she loved jazz .
She does n't like hardcore .
But sometimes she can listen to pop-punk .
My father also did n't get it early on , but then calmed down .
My grandma was against mohawks , the cap on my head and all sorts of pins .
" I wo n't go on the bus with you ! "
This was the case in the beginning , but then everything was fine .
I gave them the possibility to hear my explanation and to read about it .
In 1999 a book appeared , the punk - encyclopedia by Oleg Bocharov , the first publication was big , A4 , with a green cover with Exploited 's skull on .
There was quite a lot of information about punk , hardcore , ska and oi groups .
At that time internet was n't really accessible , and if it was then it was only for the chosen few and for megabucks , but from that book we bagan to get information and also started buying cassettes .
At that time they were spread by Piggimot - records , those blue cassettes with the pig snout .
They put out cassettes with Mighty Mighty Bosstones , Ramones , NoFX , Exploited , GBH and so on and so forth .
Then in 1999 - 2000 , I began to go to ska -punk concerts .
And that was the time when everything began .
That was when I formed my antifascist positiom .
In that moment .. at that point in time everything took place in that way , the ska - punk scene was small : Distemper , Shlyuz , Klopy , Spitfire - nothing more , 300-400 people were going to the concerts , among them 15 - 20 footbal fans , who were rigthist of course , dammit !
Most of them over the years landed jobs in cool firms , such us Gladiators , Union , etc .
And these 20 people shouted different nazi-slogans and could scare everyone else .
They came around in a circle and beat up everyone who got involved .
Or their girlfriends provoked fights .
This was how , for example , Gruzin ( bass guitarist of the band " Smeh " ) was beaten .
But he forgot about it and began to play with such ( some rightist or slippery ) groups .
It seems , he had a short memory .
For sure , we could n't put up with it .
It was necessarily to act .
So , we , punks , about 5 - 7 people , began to fight with these fans .
Oh , they hated us because of it .
In the Moscow punk movement of the time we were their archenemies .
I : I.e . Was this the formation of the first mob ?
K : Yes , it was .
But , of course , it did n't take part in actions or other events .
The struggle was only at concerts .
People went over and provoked fights .
Sometimes we defended someone or they provoked us .
For example , they would send a girl over , or someone who was smaller , called us names or pushed us and the whole mob would support this .
Many incidents took place in " Tochka " [ Moscow club " Point " ] , when the venue was at the old location .
There I and my friend , an arm wrestling pro , more heavyset than I , .. well , we clocked 2 fans .
Really overstuffed muscleheads ...
Well , then they took revenge on us .
We were attacked by 10 - 15 people with chairs .
How we managed not to have anything broken , how we escaped , I do n't know .
But I had a light brain concussion .
One thing that had a lot of impact on the situation was going to the club " Estakada " .
I went to cocerts there from 2000 to 2004 .
My friend and I hated it to death .
You ask me why ?
First of all it's a cop 's club .
There 's a police station nearby ..
Chief of police plays ball with the club , a third of the money is handed over to cops .
The second reason is that it 's a gopnik area .
( Gopnik refers to a subculture characterised with sport clothes , short haircut , aggression and petty crime , in some areas of the xUSSR even mainstream .
a bit similar to the British " chav " – translator . )
Everyone , who was there , knows about the troubles in this area .
Begining with gopniks and ending with boneheads .
Not just in the club , but outside as well we would run after these gopniks and bones and bash them .
We were few in number .
There was one incidentit was in 2003 I think .
We got on a trolley bus .
I do n't remember after what concert .
We were attacked by 30 loopy - ass motherfuckers with weapons : chains and clubs .
Among us there were 5 punks and 2 CSKA footbal hooligans ..
We answered them , 7 in number as we were .
They shat in their pants .
We got so much loot .
But sometimes we were beaten outside this club too .
And by members of the club aswell .
This scum - security , which bashed not only common concert goers , but also musiciants in WC .
They kicked out those who tried to stagedive .
It was very hard .
Of course it goaded us .
We could n't put up with it and we started to boycott this place .
But others I know were notso principled .
They continued to got over there .
I : All of these times were more about growing up punk .
How did get into the to skinhead subculutre and particularly to the RASH movement ?
K : In the begining of 2004 I understood that , unfortunately , the punk movement was on a downward path in Moscow , in many ways .
At that time I knew quite a bit about skinheads , read a lot .
I already had internet acess , had a chance to read info online .
Essentially , we already started to make some actions then .
We wanted to find the contacts of Moscow SHARP and RASH .
We knew , that they were here , but we could n't find them in real life .
In march of 2004 I became straight edge , shaved my head and began to wear clothes according to skinhead style .
At that point it was closer to NY - skinhead - style .
I : Tell me , how did you become sXe ?
K : After deep reflection .
I rethought everything .
I saw how many punks I knew died from alcoholism and drugs .
I have one crew in Pervomayskaya .
Around the group Toksicheskoe Nashestvie .
They played with Purgen at the end of 90's and begining of 2000's .
So , half of them are under the daisies .
Some because of heroin o.d's .
Some were drunk when they took heroin .
Some commited suicide .
It could n't be lived with .
And the skinhead movement , the skinhead subculture was more reliable .
It has clearer ideas and skinheads were more clear - headed .
Without such a " I do n't give a fuck kinda guy " position .
In principle , it suited for me .
Btw , I did n't lose the best possible things from punk .
And I became sXe , well , I thought several months , found out my mistakes .
I never used drugs , I blew smoke only .
Synthetic drugs I forbid myself at once .
And alcohol ...
I recalled the troubles I had been in .
Rethought everything , and step by step I became sXe .
Besides at first I did n't call myself so .
That came later ...
And the RASH movement ...
In the first place I brought in all the ideas from punk .
I was attracted by the leftist views of skinheads .
In particular anarchism .
Though we often meet SHARPs and cooperate with them .
But we had our own political and social views .
I : When did the mob form ?
K : The first one which began to take part in actions in Moscow was in 2000 .
Our mob formed in the autumn of 2004 .
There were all subcultures : hardcore , punks , SHARP , RASH , trads , footbal hooligans .
Everyone gets on well with each other .
We did actions all together .
We were 20 in Moscow .
We took part in small actions , ' cause we lacked the human resources for big actions .
Exactly at that time I dropped into the skinhead movement .
I : You had started talking about your desire to find SHARP and RASH ...
K : Skinheads sometimes go to punk concerts .
Normal skins , not nazis .
There was a group at the time , Elpiskas .
Dima Niki - Viki played there .
He had 2 friends - young skinheads .
They called themselves trads .
Fedya Barmaley and Vityok .
I got to know them .
Sometimes , the now deceased , Fedyay came as well ..
I remember him standing aside , listening , and looking on .
One thing led to another ... and then at the punk festival in Sekstone I saw a bonehead with a swastika .
Well , I hit him right away .
And those guys saw it ... came to me , we started talking , got to know each other .
And over the course of time I found others due to them .
Then there were very few people .
Among them were hooligans from the footbal club Mosenergo , which had broken up .
Hardcore guys .
Hooligans and skinheads .
When we got to know each other we began doing things : taking part in actions , developing our positions , attracting other people .
It was really hard .
Moscow in 2004 was a big bonehead - city .
Now most of nazis are rightwing hooligans .
It 's more of a fashion oriented subculture , much safer .
Now there is some political apathy in this group and among the adults .
But it 's small .
Most of the young footbal hooligans are right - wing .
There are no antifa firms in Russia .
Someone wanted to start one but nothing came of it .
Therefore there are antifa - firms in Minsk for MTZ - Ripo , in Kiev for Arsenal , which is supported by our guys as muchas is possible , of course .
I : Now tell me about your opinion of anarchism and socialism , etc .
K : About anarchism ...
To a large extent I am grateful to " Avtonom " magazine .
I read some books by Kropotkin .
Thankful for conversations with anarchists .
One of the things that attracts me the most ... of course ... is the possibility to be free from the capitalist restraints , consumer society with its pressures and rules , the possibility to express myself in some way , to live life according to my own values .
Exactly this type of anarchist thinking attracted me .
Theoretically , I want punk , skinhead subcultures to be based on anti-authorian principles .
In general people have this stereotype that anarchy is chaos .
Of course , it is n't true .
They do n't understand what this word means .
They do n't understand that it 's about a society without state control , based on solidarity , mutual aid , support , liberty , at long last .
It 's more difficult with socialism .
If it is only the theory it 's not bad , but I am against state control .
Fundamentally there must be turning - point in the way people view the world .
They must rethink their lives , understand that they canlive another way .
Without a change in consciousness it 's impossible to change anything !
You must begin with yourself .
Rethink your role in society , your relationship with your family .
Anarchism helped me understand that there are different types of discrimination .
When you understand that , you see everything in a different way .
You want people to relate to each other with respect .
But , I regret having to say , that there are still many folks in the punk , skinhead and hardcore movements , who are prejudiced , that they try to introduce that into the scene .
Machismo , sexism , homophobia ...
I : Now I want to hear your opinion about modern culture in Russia .
K : Let 's start with the punk movement .
Now it 's grown up .
There are many young guys , who take part in actions .
It 's a positive thing , but on the other hand punks , who go to theconcerts of Purgen or Naiv , not all , but most , are not interested in punk culture .
For them it 's more of a phase .
Then they become " normal " people : find a job , and live the life of a typical wage earner .
But now there are alternatives to the big groups .
There are many new punk , oi and hardcore groups .
There are some problems with ska , btw ...
And at these concerts there 's the guys who 've seen , that there 'sa different way of creating unity , their views , principles , the scene .
But anyway , it 's only in theory , and in reality it looks like in Moscow there are many autonomous scenes , who are slinging mud at each other behind each other 's back .
Essentially , we try to eliminate these conflicts .
At concerts we try to stop fights , scuffles , damage of equipment .
We want people to behave themselves .
I : Now let 's talk about skinhead subculture .
How did it develop in Moscow ?
K : Things really got started in - 2004 , when a group of people appeared , who was SHARP oriented .
Who wanted to break the stereotype about skinheads as nationalists .
We went to reggae concerts in the club Forpost , where Spitfire and Distemper played , Distemper had just written their song " No racism - no problems " , and later paid dearly for it in Voronezh .
Of course , we organised our own concerts , closed ones .
The scene was small : No Heads , Klowns , Bukaneros .
These oi , streetcore groups were pioneers .
Of course , we can also bring up the band Uchitel ' Truda , but we do n't have a very good relationship with them .
Pasha was RASH , but then he was bashed , he became a SHARP , and then he became an apolitical skinhead .
But political apathy in Russia is n't the same as it is abroad .
If you read the book " Skinhead Bible " and you know the origin of the subculture , it 's apolitical , but antiracist !
You can't forget about that , but in Russia the reality is that apolitical guys have nazi friends .
Of course , our position in relation to them was n't good .
Then the scene began to grow larger .
New groups began to appear , M - 16 , Brigadir , Sudny Den ' , Facecontrol , Working boys , O.S.V. , Bystreet , Restlers , Dirty Sounds etc. , Mister X ( from Belarus ) strated to come over .
It made an impact .
Now everything is much better .
We can organise open oi and street punk concerts with our own security , scouts , and a normal atmosphere in the room .
There are drunken brawls , but we stop them .
Despite what I 've said though , many show - offs have appeared , who buy expensive things , tattoos from their parents money and in reality they are small potatoes .
I : Let 's talk about them .
About what 's in fashion now ; crust , " people wearing Fred Perry " ...
K : Go for it !
Let 's talk about that !!
I : About fashions , far and wide .
K : In 2008 I was in Germany at a punk festival " Punk and disoderly " , where many bands played .
And we had several problems .
First was right with Pasha from " Uchitel ' truda " .
When we caught him at some punk concert before the festival and wanted to talk some sense into him .
Security stopped that .
They said that Berlin is a multicultural city and they do n't need any problems at the gig .
Later we found a kid who wore Thor Steinar .
We told him : " How is that possible ?!
These are punks - antifascists , we should deal with this " .
Then we talked with two guys , " skinheads " .
The began talk shit , that they do n't care and they do n't want to have any trouble .
Well , we jumped them but in the end they ran away .
Then we talked with some real SHARP .
They told us that in Germany a lot of punks and skinheads are show - offs , but they are not 17 - 19 year olds like in Russia , they are 25 - 27 .
They have many shops with brands , they get tattoos , but they do n't take part in any actions and they do n't think it 's wrong to go to concerts of right - wing groups .
Getting back to our own reality .
There are many punks and hardcore guys , young skinheads , who were born in lace - curtain , middle class families .
Sometimes you 'll be surprised , some 16 - 17 year old with tattoos all over his body , it 's not very cheap .
All of them wear expensive things and you know that they do n't work .
And then they make some problems , as part of their drunk fun or even worse - they cut somebody , with no thought of what will happen next .
Or they began to ruffle their feathers at a concert , fold their arms across their chests , show who 's who .
There are some hardcore guys .
God forbid if a punk kid who can't dance mosh will enter their circle when they 're dancing .
Theymight push or kick him .
Such disgraceful things occur .
For sure , if we see it happening , we stop it , but we can't be in all places at once .
Now the skinhead and crust subcultures are quite developed , and among them a small percentage really feels , that it 's their life , but the most are show - offs .
Because thesituation in our country is so negative , the state puts pressure on subcultures , there are many nazis etc .
We pca n't forget about it .
It 's necessary to exercise out minds .
But they do n't care about it .
They mess around , drink beer .
They buy Fred Perry , which costs 2500 - 3000 rubles and think that they are true .
Of course , it 's amusing .
And now about crusters .
Once again if I look at what is happening in the USA and Europe , Japan , I must say that some groups , that I like : Doom , Wolfbrigade ...
In Russia it became fashionable right away .
Overnight ex-punks like Unkind revolt for example , a la Britania 82 , with mohawks and bam !
they 're saying : " we are crusters " .
On the one hand it 's not that bad when a person discovers something new , but when they try to reject their past it can't be accepted .
I : In your opinion where is the line between action and posing ?
There are many people , who need meetings everyday .
K : Once again , you should n't forget the country where we live .
In Germany for example you can go out on the streets and do something quietly .
Coordinating actions is n't a problem .
All the videos prove it .
Yeah , there are some conflicts with cops and days of chaos , but the situation in Russia is another .
If you go out on the street with banners , knowing about our authorian state ... how cops relate with members of unofficial organizations .
If some years ago because of your mohawk , I remember the end of the 1990s , you could be caught and they 'd cut your hair .
Now it 's better in this aspect , but you must be ready to be arrested and get fined for taking part in unsanctioned meetings .
On the other hand , everyday protesting against something ... well , you go out on the streets with a slogan , you must understand , that most of the people in this country are morons .
And only a small part of them have the ability to comprehend anything .
You must explain everything .
And I have to say that the way the media shows skinheads
, punks , hardcore guys .
A great number of programs were made , but they are all similar in one way – the important information , which talks about values , about views - was cut .
They kept only the stuff it was easy to sensationalize .
I remember the first program about sXe and skinheads .
It had information about SHARP , which went something like this : " we beat everyone we do n't like and those who deserve to be beaten . "
The way movement formed , that the subculture is multiracial - nothing was told about that .
About straight edge also - nothing .
Because you can't make a sensation out of it .
In Moscow and St - Petersburg it 's less problematic , but in the provinces everying is as old as the hills , and breaking social stereotypes is a real problem .
Once again , if you protest everyday ...
I think it 's more effective to help homeless children .
If you are such an anarchist , an animal lover there are enough homeless dogs , cats .
Take them into your home .
Go to the animal shelter , buy food .
It 's more effictive than if you go out in the street with a banner and shout some slogans .
They look at you and think : " yeah , maybe he is right ... "
Yes of course a process of struggle is important , but when it does n't have any results ...
You know , we must rely only on youth , with some minor exceptions ( the results of the struggle against urban densification , construction of industrial harmful factories show that adults also take part in actions and form their position ) .
You can't rely on old generation , it 's drowned in stereotypes and prejudice , and only a few can percieve reality adequately .
And in our country there is general racism without exception .
” Ah ! Ragheads dragged it in . ” I 'm tired of hearing this .
It 's all the same .
You should take your own life under contol .
I had one experience recently .
Someone told me : " You are russian , You have light eyes ..
In other nations there are many more bad people " .
I answered to him : " You are a meathead .
Start with yourself .
For a start zip up your fly .
You stand here covered in vomit , drinking beer in the morning .
Do something useful ! " .
How is that , he thought he was right but he got mocked .
Activism is different and it should be applied in a different way .
On the internet you can read some websites .
Not forums , where it's all piss in the wind , but sites with information .
I am only for unsanctioned meetings and demonstrations !
Because at sanctioned ones there 's always cops , police footage .
No , thanks .
We are fed up with incidents like the 1st of may ( 2008 ) when we took germans with us from STAGE BOTTLES , we felt ashamed .
We had just arrived and at once we were surrounded .
They said it was unsanctioned meeting .
What a load of crap !
It 's nonsense even legally speaking .
As it turned out , the cops completed their plan then .
Now getting back to the hardcore and punk movement , I have to say that many distros appeared .
Besides music , zines appeared , different literature as well .
Though not many people buy it .
I dislike using livejournal and vkontakte ( Russian facebook - translator ) .
It 's trendy .
But life is one thing and virtual reality another .
The internet should be used to get information , to talk with people from different cities and countries .
I : Drawing a conclusion from what you 've said it 's clear that people have to get their heads out of their asses and not to free animals just to send them to their doom , for example .
K : For sure .
It 's silly .
There were such actions .
some people I knew were from the ALF and they almost got into really big trouble once .
It should be understood that veganism and the ALF in Russia and the USA are not the same .
It 'sa problem to keep the right vegan diet here .
The problems are climate and the products in supermarkets .
The same is true for the ALF .
If you love animals , take a homeless dog into your home .
In Germany , for example , people who keep homeless animals are well paid .
That 's why stray animals are n't common there .
I : It 's clear that Russia - is one greatly particularc thing .
Tell me , what do you think about patriotism in theory and in practice .
K : Oooh !
That 's my favourite question .
It 's a huge subject of discussion with nationalists , racists .
They think that nationalism is love of one 's country .
I always start to laughing at them .
“ Guys , you do n't even understand what are you talking about . ”
Nationalism is an ideology , which supposes the superiority of one nation over another , it 's discrimination etc .
And patriotism is love of country .
But once again there are different types of patriotism .
I love the place where I was born .
I love my parents , my friends .
I can be called a patriot in that case .
But I hate the state , the entire system .
In this case I am an anti-patriot .
I am a cosmopolitan , I hate the damned borders !
I love talking to people of different nationalities .
I have no borders here .
In Russian patriotism means national - patriotism .
Russian citizens should live in the Russian way .
All ineligible foreigner , immigrants should be deported and so on .
And when you try to discuss this with a nationalist ( and this is almost always pointless ) you are faced with plain
stupidity .
There is only one way of thinking in his head and he can't think in any other way .
“ Our nation is above all !
We love our country .
We love the tsar . ”
Sometimes it 's amusing to hear current national - patriots .
" For faith , for tsar , for motherland " .
What the fuck ?
The tsar ?
You live in the 21st century !
Let them learn the history .
Those banners , the imperial flags .
Yes , it was one of the state flags and Now it 's a nationalist symbol willing or not .
And those Russian marches .
Dull christian elderly are attending those and next to them pagans .
How do those two mix ?
Orthodox christians fight against pagan manifestations , but in Russia everything is mixed .
It 's such complete nonsense .
I have a negative stance towards patriotism in our country now ' cause there is a substitution of notions and people do n't understand what 's happening .
And one more thing .
I 've seen almost no nationalists in army .
Everyone tries not to go there .
They prefer to beat up migrant workers .
Let them go and kill some mafioso .
Ah .
They have n't got guts !
And if they are such fighters against drugs .
Once again , kill the mafia !
And I remeber , I 've been in clubs so many times , and people who were offering drugs were Russian .
I : What 's your opinion of war and the army ?
K : Essentially , as an anti-authoritarian I have a negative position .
How does this position manifest itself ?
Once again , let 's turn to Russia .
Our state consciously does n't get rid of the conscription because it offers the possibility to use a great amount of young men as slaves building summer cottages for generals , or as cannon fodder in capitalist wars , such as the one in Chechnya .
Apart from this there are also dissatisfactory conditions : hazing practices in the military , during which people are mutilated physically and mentally .
And in the end it 's a waste of time .
They ask me : " What will you do timorrow if the war starts ? "
Yes , I will take a gun in my hands .
I will protect my home , my family , my friends , but I do do n't want to protect capitalist bastards , who will profit off the war at the expense of my life and the lives of my friends as it is in the USA , with the wars in Afganistan , Irak , for example .
It 's a possibility to test new kinds of weapons , to get natural recourses , to achieve hegemony over a certain region .
War is n't always the same .
If the aim is protection it is one thing , as with the Basque separatist war where they were occupied by Spain .
But capitalist war - it 's another thing completely .
In principle , war is bad , generally speaking .
It 's murder , grief and pain for people .
I : What 's your stance on religion and faith ?
K : My position is as follows .
I think that everyone has the right to choose to believe or not .
The important aspect is not to force it .
It 's your choice .
I am of course against the official institution of religion , i.e. the church .
For example , the Russian orthodox church ; it 's a great collection of gold decorations .
And in real all the officials are corrupt .
They take money for their services and people believe them .
You can believe , no one forbids it .
I am an atheist I can tell you this straight up .
I believe in myself and human strength , in my friends , and in my relatives .
That 's all .
I : Let 's talk specifically about you .
What 's your life goal ?
Do you want to influence something ?
K : Well , theoretically , of course , I would like the punk , skinhead , hardcore subcultures to grow in Russia .
At least to reach the level of the USA , Japan , Europe , for example .
We must work hard to reach it .
How can we do that ?
Show by way of example to the young how we can take action even in our totalitarian country .
What I want to do ...
We have not our own clubs .
I want to have our own price policy , our own security , to invite the bands we want to hear .
I 'd like people , which are inside the punk , hc , skinhead movements to continue to act .
Not like it is in reality .
I want people to think and not to mindlessly copy , to understand what something is and for what purpose .
We can't stop .
If we stop practicing antifascist activities , for example , it will lead to bonehead brutality .
Now we have the possibility to organise concerts without boneheads , without fights .
They can't beat us anymore .
I do n't want kids to spend their time , chatting on forums , ICQ , LJ , ' cause it can be spent in a more useful way .
I : And what are you doing in your spare time ?
K : First of all , based on my capacity I 'm training physically and menatally .
I try to help common people as well as members of different subcultures .
Sometimes I write reviews for zines , articles and spread them .
I take part in FNB , in direct actions ..
I 've already explained my position on demonstrations , I 'm only for unsanctioned ones .
Experience shows that sanctioned ones have horrible results .
Also I began to have contact with people abroad .
I try to develop , not to sit tight , to go to other cities , countries , according to my possibilities .
To elevate the mind .
Not to become obsessed with one thing , To organise more concerts , ska-discos .
I : I agree .
But it does n't mean that a person developes more from going to concerts , taking part in direct actions .
There was an incident when someone was beaten becuase of his clothes .
Until quite recently I did n't know that Thor Steinar is a nazi brand .
K : Of course , we encounter such problems too .
We have to talk with the youth , to explain everything to them .
Though in Russia someone who does n't know anything wo n't wear Thor steinar .
But such incidents were common .
I do n't think there should be mindless actions , hasty , irresponsible .
It 's important to talk about where one stands to people at concerts , to tell them about distros , that they should buy something to read , to distribute leaflets .
It 's important to make one 's own zines , with new content , not copied one , to analyze the problem , and try to find a strategy to attack it .
I : Does the end of a direct action justify the means ?
K : It 's not a simple question .
Of course , thanks to that many people began to understand ( I mean punks , skinheads , hc guys ) , that it is efficient .
For example we protect our concerts from nazi attacks , but the problem was n't solved .
The problem is still there and we have to do something about it .
Then , with demonstrations ... well , yeah , they attract people .
But either way we have to explain to the youth what results we expect ...
What is the end we want .
Visits to orphanages or helping the homeless and stray animals .
We have to do that .
If it is measured the end of direct actions justifies the means .
If it is silly , crack - brained it will cause negative results , and other people will suffer .
Such incidents are common too .
I : Tell me about your opinion on family and children .
K : First of all , having a a child is very crucial situation .
It should be thought about a lot ' cause we live in a country , where today you can be rich , and tomorrow - poor .
Having a child means a material and mental foundation .
Because giving birth to a child is one thing , but educate a sane man is completely another .
Marriage is a very difficult question ' cause on one hand it 's something official , it forces people , and it is for sure an intervention of the state into the familial relationship .
On the other hand for many people it gives them a sense of their responsibilities .
I am for living together .
I : I know , that you are lawyer .
It was your decision or not ?
K : I decided to become lawyer in school .
I wanted to be a lawyer , to find out the hidden agendas , ' cause when you have a legal education , it means you can avoid trouble a lot more .
It helped me a lot when interracting with cops .
It hepls not to be misguided .
I graduated from univercity and then worked .
I saw then , what bureaucrats are in reality , their whole point .
Not externally but from the inside .
I saw their corruption and the judges ' corruption .
Their unbalance , their sense of impunity , sense of power .
It helps you if you are average , but if you are member of some subcultures , especially anarchist , of course you can't work there .
The system will make you throw up , but you will have a clear notion as to what exactly it 's like , and how you can properly struggle against it .
I : Well , that 's all I wanted to ask you about .
And after all that , your advice ...
K : To accomplish something with the projects that you have already initiated .
To create your own zine and publish it regularly .
Not to make it a one time thing , as it often happens ..
I wish people not to stop dealing with important matters , to develop , to elevate thier minds , to break socail stereotypes .
I wish they could see the problems out there in a different way .
Enough said .
Russian original : http://punxunite.ru/908-razgovory-ni-o-chjom.html
source : http://avtonom.org/index.php?nid=2884
Making PJs look hot since ( year of birth ) .
A joke about the iPhone 's perceived poor cell service earned laughter and applause from the audience on a new episode of Saturday Night Live this weekend .
Comedian Seth Meyers on the program 's " Weekend Update " segment noted reports from last week that Google allegedly intends to sell its own handset in 2010 .
That touchscreen device looks to compete with Apple 's iPhone .
" It was reported this week that Google would soon launch its own cellphone as a challenge to the iPhone , " Meyers said in the mock newscast .
" Also a challenge to the iPhone ?
Making phone calls . "
The joke earned cheers and laughter from the audience during the live broadcast , but has since gone well beyond to earn a noteworthy presence online .
After being featured prominently on a number of Web sites , the 16 - second clip has earned more than 140,000 views on YouTube as of Monday morning .
The joke also came a day after blogger Dan Lyons , under his comedic Fake Steve Jobs persona , had asked readers to overload AT&T 's network to send a message to the company about its service .
The one - hour event , in which users were asked to use bandwidth - heavy applications on their iPhone , did not have a major effect on the wireless provider 's network .
Freedom , Inc. : Free Your Employees and Let Them Lead Your Business to Higher Productivity , Profits , and Growth , by Brian M. Carney and Isaac Getz ( Crown Business , 336 pp. , $ 27.50 )
Brian Carney and Isaac Getz ’s Freedom , Inc. is a timely book .
It ’s also countercyclical and somewhat counterintuitive .
After all , most of today ’s writing about economics and business is haunted by the current crisis : nearly every author and commentator expects that either more or less government intervention will bring the economy out of its difficulties .
But Carney and Getz remind us that without well - managed enterprises , there would be no economy at all .
Crisis or no crisis , the engine of economic growth has always been , and will always remain , entrepreneurs .
Nations without entrepreneurs — whether they drive them out with excessive taxes and regulations , or in more extreme cases , suppress , exile , or kill them — never reach prosperity .
One can often ascertain the condition of a nation ’s economy by assessing the cultural , legal , fiscal , and social status of its entrepreneurial class .
Carney and Getz profile a dozen visionary business leaders who share a common trait : they believe that liberty works in every aspect of our lives , including the workplace .
When entrepreneurs build a culture of freedom and a trusting , liberated , and nonhierarchical work environment , the companies they lead tend to outperform their rivals .
In businesses as diverse as insurance , wine - making , advertising , and hydraulics , the shift from traditional , authoritarian , command - and - control structures to a culture that liberates the individual initiative of employees has dramatically enhanced results and workforce morale .
Carney and Getz remind us that this has been well understood for decades .
As far back as 1924 , William McKnight , the longtime president of 3 M , declared : “ If you put fences around people , you get sheep .
Give people the room they need . ”
McKnight unleashed the creativity of 3 M ’s employees and built one of America ’s great companies .
Carney and Getz also point out that such thinking was n’t confined to America : in Japan , Panasonic founder Konosuke Matsushita understood that the obsolete , expert - driven model promulgated by Frederick Winslow Taylor had to be replaced by the “ day to day mobilization of every ounce of intelligence . ”
But in today ’s business world , these principles are still more easily praised than applied , which is why Freedom , Inc. does such a valuable service by introducing us to business leaders who actually practice them .
François Zobrist , former chief executive of the French auto - parts manufacturer FAVI , describes two kinds of companies : “ How ” companies and “ Why ” companies .
“ How ” companies tell workers how to do their job .
In a “ Why ” company , workers have just one duty — keep the customer happy — and the manager does n’t worry too much about how they do it .
Unlike power - conscious executives at top - down organizations , “ Why ” managers do n’t display material signs of privilege : no mahogany floors , company limousines , or reserved parking spaces .
On the contrary , “ liberating ” the workplace begins by de-bureaucratizing and rehumanizing relations based on human fairness — “ making people feel like human beings instead of human resources . ”
One could object that many top - down , authoritarian firms do pretty well , but Carney and Getz would argue that the cost of such controls looks modest only because it ’s invisible .
In economics , as Frédéric Bastiat explained over a century ago , what you do n’t see is often more costly than what you do see .
Authoritarian companies would be even more profitable if they became democratized , Carney and Getz believe .
Furthermore , they suggest that the democratic principle can be exported to cultural environments outside the United States .
At FAVI , trust and confidence infuse the relationship between management and workers .
In France , this is called not “ democracy ” but “ good manners , ” an aristocratic value rooted in the local culture and based on respecting individual dignity .
By any name , it ’s the right way to do things .
American readers may particularly relate to what Carney and Getz say about USAA Insurance ’s call center in San Antonio .
Can you really humanize a call center , where employees perform what USAA ’s CEO , Robert McDermott , admits is “ the most boring of all work ” ?
McDermott was convinced that if he gave his employees , most with limited educations , the right conditions for growth and self - direction , they would reveal their talents no less than extraordinary people do .
Today , not only are the customer - service reps happy to help , but they ’re effective : claims get settled on the spot , on the first call , with the first person a customer talks to .
And USAA has become the fourth - largest home - and car - insurance company in America .
Freedom , Inc. may thus be more relevant to the current recession than it first appears .
As Carney and Getz show , freedom itself — from bottom to top — may be the way to lead America out of its slump .
This article may be reprinted free of charge provided 1 ) that there is clear attribution to the Orthomolecular Medicine News Service , and 2 ) that both the OMNS free subscription link http://orthomolecular.org/subscribe.html and also the OMNS archive link http://orthomolecular.org/resources/omns/index.shtml are included .
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Orthomolecular Medicine News Service , January 15 , 2010
NLM Censors Nutritional Research
Medline is Biased , and Taxpayers Pay for It Comment by Andrew W. Saul
Editor - In - Chief , Orthomolecular Medicine News Service ( OMNS , January 15 , 2010 ) Did you know that there are " good " medical journals , and that there are " naughty " medical journals ?
No kidding .
The good journals are easy to access on the internet through a huge electronic database called Medline ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed )
This wonderful , free service is brought to you by the US National Library of Medicine and the National Institutes of Health .
In other words , by you .
By your tax dollars .
Generally it is money well spent , until you go searching for megavitamin therapy research papers .
Then you will find that you can't find all of them .
That is because of selective indexing .
The National Library of Medicine ( NLM ) proudly describes itself as " the largest medical library in the world .
The goal of the NLM is to collect , organize and make available biomedical literature to advance medical science and improve public health . "
Hmm. Collect .
Organize .
Make available .
Improve public health .
So , after over 40 continuous years of publication , why is the Journal of Orthomolecular Medicine NOT indexed by Medline ?
And what are the consequences of such exclusion ?
In a nutshell , it stops the public from using their computers to learn about all of the scientific research and clinical reports demonstrating the effectiveness of megavitamin ( orthomolecular ) therapy .
It also greatly hampers professionals from seeing pro-vitamin studies .
Have you ever wondered why your doctor simply does not know about vitamin therapy ?
Well , wonder no longer .
He or she can't read what is n't " collected , " electronically indexed , or otherwise " made available " to them .
If the vast majority of journals indexed by Medline are pharmaceutical - friendly , and yet nutritional research is censored , what can you expect ?
Your taxes should not be used to fund censorship in a public library , especially the largest medical library on the planet .
It is un-American .
Of course , Medline does n't censor everything nutritional .
Here is a current example of some research that Medline does in fact choose to index : PIZZA PREVENTS HEART ATTACKS Gallus S , Tavani A , La Vecchia C. Pizza and risk of acute myocardial infarction .
Eur J Clin Nutr . 2004 Nov;58( 11 ) :1543 - 6 . " Some of the ingredients of pizza have been shown to have a favourable influence on the risk of cardiovascular disease .
However , there is no single explanation for the present findings . "
PIZZA PREVENTS CANCER Gallus S , Bosetti C , Negri E , Talamini R , Montella M , Conti E , Franceschi S , La Vecchia C. Does pizza protect against cancer ?
Int J Cancer .
2003 Nov 1;107(2) :283- 4 .
" We analyzed the potential role of pizza on cancer risk , using data from an integrated network of case - control studies .
. .
Pizza appears therefore to be a favorable indicator of risk for digestive tract neoplasms in this population . "
But be careful of that olive oil : Wong GA , King CM .
Occupational allergic contact dermatitis from olive oil in pizza making .
Contact Dermatitis .
2004 Feb;50 ( 2) :102-3. MORE PIZZA
Here is my all - time favorite : yet another article that Medline actually is indexing .
It is not even from a medical journal .
I am not making its mile - long title up , either .
It is there at Medline , right now , just a few clicks away from you : Simon HB .
" My husband subscribes to Harvard Men 's Health Watch , but I read it even more than he does .
I hope you can help us resolve a disagreement .
He wants to have pizza two to three times a week for his prostate , but I do n't think it 's a healthy food .
Who is right ? " ( Harvard Men's Health Watch .
2003 Jun ; 7( 11 ) :8. )
Evidently the very name " Harvard " is enough to get your foot inside the Medline door .
That , or " everything but anchovies . "
Oddly enough , the Journal of Orthomolecular Medicine has not published a single article on pizza .
At least not so far .
Maybe if it did , it would make the cut at Medline .
On the other hand , the Journal of Orthomolecular Medicine has a review board including medical doctors , university faculty , and hospital - based researchers .
Since 1967 , it has published over 600 papers by renowned authors including Hugh D. Riordan , Emanuel Cheraskin , Carl C. Pfeiffer , Bernard Rimland , Abram Hoffer , and Nobel Prize winner Linus Pauling .
You should be able to access abstracts ( concise summaries ) of these papers , instantly and for free , via Medline .
Well , you can't .
To contact the US National Library of Medicine / Medline and tell them what you think : custserv@nlm.nih.gov
" The National Library of Medicine refuses to index the Journal of Orthomolecular Medicine , though it is peer - reviewed and seems to meet their criteria . "
( Psychology Today , Nov-Dec 2006 ) NOTE : Four decades of papers from the Journal of Orthomolecular Medicine are now online for you to read , Medline or no Medline , at http://orthomolecular.org/library/jom/
The JOM Archive is a free service with no advertising .
( Andrew W. Saul taught nutrition , health science and cell biology at the college level .
He is the author of Doctor Yourself and Fire Your Doctor ! and , with Dr. Abram Hoffer , co-author of Orthomolecular Medicine for Everyone and The Vitamin Cure for Alcoholism .
Saul is featured in the documentary film Food Matters .
He is on the Editorial Board of the Journal of Orthomolecular Medicine . )
Nutritional Medicine is Orthomolecular Medicine Orthomolecular medicine uses safe , effective nutritional therapy to fight illness .
For more information : http://www.orthomolecular.org
The peer - reviewed Orthomolecular Medicine News Service is a non-profit and non-commercial informational resource .
Editorial Review Board : Carolyn Dean , M.D. , N.D .
Damien Downing , M.D .
Michael Gonzalez , D.Sc. , Ph.D .
Steve Hickey , Ph.D .
James A. Jackson , PhD
Bo H. Jonsson , MD , Ph.D
Thomas Levy , M.D. , J.D .
Jorge R. Miranda - Massari , Pharm.D.
Erik Paterson , M.D .
Gert E. Shuitemaker , Ph.D. Andrew W. Saul , Ph.D. , Editor and contact person .
Email : omns@orthomolecular.org
To Subscribe at no charge : http://www.orthomolecular.org/subscribe.html
Click here to Unsubscribe from this list
Sen . Christopher Dodd of Connecticut , chairman of the Senate Banking Committee and a Democratic Party stalwart in the Senate , is set to announce today that he will not seek re-election this year , according to a party strategist familiar with his plans .
Sen .
Dodd 's decision was the latest in a string of big - name Democratic retirements revealed Tuesday as the party struggles to contend with a challenging political climate .
Sen ....
When I was kid there was a farmer 's supply store where we would go to buy plants , seeds and whatever else was needed for our home gardening needs .
We had moved into a newly minted tract housing development which was still in farm country .
I used to love the seed room .
I would wander around in there literally amazed at the variety of seeds on display .
There were bushels of corn , baskets of onions , and drawers of everything else imaginable .
I 'd see farmers chatting it up with the people working , and other farmers .
It left an indelible impression on a young kid .
It was a community gathering place and the seed room workers were key communicators in that community .
Alas , the place no longer exists .
My last visit to the seed room was a bit of a disappointment .
The suburban boom had taken over , the forerunners to the big box retailers were coming of age , and this incredible experience for a wide eyed child would no longer be available .
Today , faced with the onslaught of GMOs , seed stewards keep the tradition alive that the long gone seed room represents .
There are many heirloom varieties of fruits , vegetables and flowers that are in danger of becoming extinct as large boo-technical companies hone in on the seed supply .
Think about this , if a corporate entity controls the flow of seeds they determine which seeds are sold , which means what 's more profitable for them , and not what 's good for the planet or food supply .
And they would control a good deal of the food supply
The good folks at the Organic Seed Alliance is one group that focuses on seed stewardship ;
Organic Seed Alliance is founded on the belief that seed is both our common cultural heritage and a living natural resource fundamental to the future sustainability of food production .
They hold events such as State of Organic Seed Symposium , have publications available , and do research .
If you are interested in buying heirloom seeds , you can go to Baker Creek Heirloom Seeds .
They have a extensive collection of seeds and are active in preserving the heirloom varieties for future generations .
The publish the Heirloom Gardener Magazine , and have a seed history site , Heirloom Seedsmen .
Spend some time , and become fascinated by the beauty of heirloom varieties , and why it 's so important to support this movement .
There are other programs out there , Google seed stewardship and see what you can find that inspires you .
Seeds are our common heritage as the Organic Seed Alliance states .
Just think of harvesting the same type of fruits , vegetables and flowers that people of generations before enjoyed .
The wonder and amazement will be the same , a shared experience crossing over generations of the past , and into the future .
David Rockefeller is the current patriarch of the Rockefeller family .
He is the youngest and only surviving child of John D. Rockefeller Jr. and only surviving grandchild of billionaire oil tycoon John D. Rockefeller , founder of Standard Oil . [ 1 ]
The Rockefeller family is an American industrial , banking and political family dynasty .
In the late 19th and early 20th centuries , John D. , Sr. ( 1839 - 1937 ) and his brother William Rockefeller ( 1841-1922 ) amassed the largest private fortune in history , primarily through Standard Oil . [ 2 ]
The family is also known for its long association with and financial interest in the Chase Manhattan Bank , now JP Morgan Chase . [ 3 ]
Mr. Rockefeller is a graduate of Harvard College and completed a Ph. D. at the University of Chicago .
He has authored several publications including Unused Resources and Economic Waste ( 1940 ) , Creative Management in Banking ( 1964 ) , and Memoirs ( 2002 ) . [ 3 ]
His daughters are Abby Rockefeller and Peggy Dulany , and Eileen Rockefeller .
Chase Manhattan Bank
Mr. Rockefeller served as an officer of Chase Manhattan Bank from 1946 to 1981 .
He was chairman and chief executive officer from 1969 until 1980 , and as chairman until his retirement in 1981 and chairman of the bank 's international advisory committee from 1981 to 1999 .
Mr. Rockefeller was a a member of the international council of J.P. Morgan Chase until 2005 . [ 5 ]
NAFTA & FTAA
Mr. Rockefeller has influenced U.S. and Latin American relations for five decades , through both Democratic and Republican administrations .
He was instrumental in the design , promotion and implementation of the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) and the proposed Free Trade Area of Americas ( FTAA ) .
In an April 23 , 1992 address to the Forum of the Americas , George H. W. Bush paid public homage :
" David , thank you , sir .
And thank you for your really vital work in rallying the private sector and congressional support for the North American Free Trade Agreement ...
And let me say to his many friends here that David 's personal involvement has been a major factor in the success we 've enjoyed so far . " [ 6 ]
Bilderberg
Dick Cheney endorses David Rockefeller sponsored FTAA proposal .
- C-SPAN
Mr. Rockefeller is also a co-director of the Bilderberg society , a group some believe conspires to foster global government .
The U.S. group 's other directors are Henry Kissinger , Paul Arthur Allaire and Richard Charles Albert Holbrooke . [ 7 ]
Bilderberg is a highly secretive , international think tank which has met annually since 1954 .
According to some , it is also a policy forming group .
It is comprised of representatives from North America and Western Europe and was founded by Joseph Retinger , Prince Bernhard of the Netherlands and Belgian Prime Minister Paul Van Zeeland .
Bilderberg invites 100 ( or more ) of " the most powerful people in Europe and North America " , for annual , closed door meetings at five star resorts .
The group stresses secrecy :
" What 's said at a Bilderberg conference stays at a Bilderberg conference . " [
8 ]
Hilaire du Berrier was the publisher of the Monte Carlo - based Hilaire du Berrier Reports .
Mr. Du Berrier closely followed and chronicled the activities of Bilderberg and its overlapping groups , for over four decades .
In a September of 1991 issue of the Hilaire du Berrier Report ( also reported elsewhere in the French press ) , David Rockefeller addressed media facilitators at the 1991 annual Bilderberg meeting in Baden - Baden , Germany .
In his talk , Mr. Rockefeller , a member of the Bilderbergers , former Director on the Council of Foreign Relations ( CFR ) ( 1949 -1985 ) and co-founder of the Trilateral Commission , thanked them ( most of whom are also members of one or more of these groups ) for their " discretion " :
“ We are grateful to the Washington Post , the New York Times , Time and other great publications whose directors have attended our meetings and respected their promises of discretion for almost 40 years .
... It would have been impossible for us to develop our plan for the world if we had been subjected to the lights of publicity during those years .
But , the world is more sophisticated now and prepared to march towards a world government .
The supranational sovereignty of an intellectual elite and world bankers is surely preferable to the national auto determination practiced in past centuries . ” [ 9 ] , [ 10 ] , [ 11 ]
Chairs & boards
Mr. Rockefeller served as chairman of the CFR from 1970 to 1985 and now chairs its international advisory board .
He was instrumental in creating the International Executive Service Corps ( IESC ) , a group of retired volunteers who assist private enterprise in developing nations .
In 1979 , he co-founded the New York City Partnership .
He is former chairman , chairman emeritus and life trustee of the Museum of Modern Art and honorary chair of the Americas Society , which he chaired from 1981 to 1992 .
He also founded and chaired the Council of the Americas . [ 12 ]
In 1964 he founded the International Executive Service Corps .
In 1994 he founded the David Rockefeller Center for Latin American Studies .
He is a board member of the IIE .
Mr. Rockefeller is a trustee of the Rockefeller Foundation .
In 1987 , he stepped down as chair of the Rockefeller Brothers Fund .
Other chairs and boards include :
Other organizations
Mr. Rockefeller is reputed to be a member of the Committee of 300 . [ 22 ] , [ 23 ]
Articles & sources
Sourcewatch articles
References
External articles
Jerry Mazza
I ’ll have the Bilderberger , well done ! , Online Journal , Nov 9 , 2007
External resources
David Rockefeller , The Modern History Project , accessed March 2010
Books
After saving the world from the evil Russian mystic , Grigory Rasputin , in Hellboy ( 2004 ) , the red - skinned gun-toting demon and humankind 's strange protector , Hellboy , now struggles to accept that the operations of the Bureau for Paranormal Research and Defence must remain secret .
As if that were n't enough , the powerful Elven - prince , Nuada , is bent on retrieving the fragments of a crown that commands the indestructible Golden Army : an omnipotent legion of clockwork warriors that can destroy all humans .
Now , before this new menace , all hope rests on Hellboy and Liz 's old brothers - in- arms , as well as the ectoplasmic being , Johann Krauss .
However , the Earth 's supernatural defenders seem to be no match for Nuada 's unstoppable forces .
Did Hellboy and the rest bite off more than they could chew ?
Written by Nick Riganas
We are currently going through the recently released Special Report by Darrell Issa : " Public Disclosure As A Last Resort :
How the Federal Reserve Fought to Cover Up the Details of the AIG Counterparties Bailout From the American People , " and a cursory perusal indicates that this could be proverbial end for Tim Geithner ... and Sarah Dahlgren is , not surprisingly , mentioned rather prominently ... as is Davis Polk .
We will post more comments later but this section is critical :
GEITHNER ’S ROLE IN THE AIG COVER UP REMAINS UNCLEAR
When asked directly if he was involved in the efforts by the FRBNY to prevent disclosure of the AIG counterparty payments , Secretary Geithner responded , “ I was n’t involved in that decision . ”
On January 8 , 2010 , FRBNY General Counsel Thomas Baxter wrote Ranking Member Issa to clarify the role of then - President Geithner :
[ M] atters relating to AIG securities law disclosures were not brought to the attention of Mr. Geithner ….
In my judgment as the New York Fed ’s chief legal officer , disclosure matters of this nature did not warrant the attention of the president .
Mr. Baxter reiterated this claim in an interview with Committee staff .
Questions of securities disclosure , Baxter said , were “ legal stuff , ” and Baxter did not bring legal stuff to the attention of then - President Geithner .
However , Baxter said that “ on significant policy issues , of course I would go ” to Geithner .
However , documents received by the Committee suggest that Secretary Geithner was , at a minimum , engaged personally in reviewing what information about the AIG bailout would be revealed to Congress and the public .
On November 6 , 2008 , SarahDahlgren , the FRBNY ’s lead staff member in AIG ’s operations , e-mailed Geithner with a proposed statement regarding AIG ’s upcoming equity capital raise for Geithner ’s approval :
[ I ] n terms of saying something publicly about our intentions , we … think that saying something that conveys the following … makes sense :
It is our ( Federal Reserve / Treasury ) continued intention to put the company in a sound capital position and exit the facility / preferred securities / common stock ownership as soon as practicable …
[ I ] f you are good with this , …we would also make sure that the company sticks to this line ( echo ) …. [ emphasis added ]
On November 13 , 2008 , Geithner received a report on AIG ’s restructuring that would be sent to Congress , which Geithner had asked to personally review .
Sophia Allison , a staff member of the Federal Reserve ’s Board of Governors , e-mailed the draft congressional report to several Federal Reserve staff :
Attached is a draft Congressional report for the restructuring package for AIG announced on Monday , November 10 .
… I tried to take everything in the report from publicly available documents , such as press releases , the prior AIG Congressional Report , and AIG ’s most recent 10 - Q .
If there is anything in the report that you believe should not be publicly disclosed , please specifically point that out .
[ emphasis added ]
Michael Nelson , a staff member of the FRBNY , forwarded Allison ’s email to Geithner with the following message :
Tim – this is the draft EESA - required filing on AIG that the Board owes the Hill , as you requested .
[ emphasis added ]
In addition , Secretary Geithner ’s meeting logs from his tenure as President of the FRBNY show that he was regularly engaged with top AIG officials and the FRBNY officials directly responsible for AIG ’s disclosures to the SEC .
Geithner ’s schedule shows that he had at least six formal meetings with top FRBNY staff members about AIG - related issues between November 4 , 2008 , and November 21 , 2008 .
It is unclear whether AIG ’s disclosure obligations were discussed in these meetings .
At a minimum , the cover -up of the details about AIG ’s counterparty payments began on Secretary Geithner ’s watch , and the culture of the FRBNY in which this behavior occurred reflected his leadership .
Secretary Geithner needs to explain his role in the cover - up , and if he thinks the behavior of his staff at the FRBNY was appropriate .
When I was drawing this my husband came over to look , and doubled over in laughter at “ crazy lady with snowglobe , ” which did n’t have any color or text or anything yet , so he did n’t know what it was for .
Then it became the running joke for the rest of the evening in my house .
Even if no one else likes it , I ’ll always have that 😀
The plan for this evening is to make an ‘ Imy ’ Christmas wallpaper .
I finally have an idea ( thanks to a friend & reader ) and will take care of that tonight .
Ex -Guantanamo guard feels bad about the abuses he witnessed .
Friends ex-detainee on Facebook .
Ex -detainee responds .
BBC flies guard to London to meet and apologize .
They crack jokes .
I think we 've found a 10 pm show for NBC .
As the Year of the Tiger approaches ( February 14th this year ) , Chinese workers look forward to their week - long holiday -- a nightmarish time for foreign vendors who'll struggle to get hold of anyone in the country .
Sadly , this was n't the case for Wintek -- screen supplier for Nokia Huawei and Apple .
The Taiwanese company 's East China factory ground to a halt last Friday morning , while about 2,000 of its 10,000 workers went on a five - hour protest over a rumored bonus cancellation for the second year in a row .
On top of that , workers also criticized Wintek for using n- hexane -- a banned substance used for cleaning LCDs -- which they claim caused the death and paralyzation of several workers last year .
Factory officials and Chinese health authorities do n't deny that n- hexane was used , but they say it was n't responsible for either the deaths or the paralyzations .
Now , the good news : Wintek has promised that workersget their bonuses , and further said that the factory has n't used n- hexane since August -- complete with proof that current n- hexane levels are lower than safety regulations require .
Let 's hope things get better between management and workers from now on .
One more picture and video of the protest after the break .
A man who was bleeding after surgery in a Tasmanian hospital had to call the triple - 0 emergency number for help when he could not raise nurses .
The man woke from surgery in the Hobart Private Hospital to find he was bleeding from a wound drain .
After no - one responded to the nurse call bell or a phone call to the nurses ' station , the patient resorted to calling the emergency number .
The hospital said the situation was unavoidable and occurred at a time when all nurses were busy with other patients .
The hospital has since moved high - dependency patients to another area .
The man took his case to the Tasmania 's Health Complaints Commission which has recorded a 30 per cent increase in the number of complaints against health services .
The commission dealt with 243 complaints last financial year , mostly involving treatment , a lack of communication , difficult access and long waiting times .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Obama administration pledged on Thursday to back beleaguered mortgage finance giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac no matter how big their losses may be in the next three years .
President Barack Obama ( R ) delivers remarks next to Vice President Joe Biden at the White House in Washington after the Senate passed the health care reform bill December 24 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Yuri Gripas
It also jettisoned a demand that the two companies cut the size of their mortgage - related investment portfolios next year , allowing them to provide even more support in the near term for a housing market recovering from its worst slump in decades .
The Treasury Department said it made the changes to assure financial markets it stood firmly behind both companies and to buy more time for the two government - sponsored enterprises to whittle down their mortgage - related holdings .
The two agencies each had a Treasury credit line of $ 200 billion .
Combined , they have so far tapped about $ 111 billion .
The Treasury ’s announcement came just hours after the companies said their chief executives would be paid up to $ 6 million on an annualized basis for 2009 .
Few analysts had expected Freddie Mac to tap full the $ 200 billion , but Fannie Mae ’s poor underwriting standards left it with losses many thought could grow past $ 200 billion .
The administration waited until financial markets had closed on Christmas eve to make the announcement , thwarting chances for critics to have their voices heard .
“ This news today wo n’t ruin anyone ’s Christmas .
That is , except for those who are worried about the size of the nation ’s debt , ” said Mark Vitner , a senior economist at Wells Fargo Securities in Charlotte , North Carolina .
Under a law put in place before the government seized the two mortgage agencies in September 2008 , Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner had until the end of this year to increase the limit without asking Congress for approval .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
Treasury said Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac would still need to reduce their portfolios eventually .
Under the new rules , their holdings could be no larger than $ 810 billion at the end of next year .
The limit would drop by 10 percent a year thereafter , lessening the support they could provide to the mortgage market .
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are congressionally chartered companies that buy up mortgages from banks and other originators to keep mortgage markets liquid .
Some of the debt is repackaged as securities and sold off to investors , and the government has been buying an increasing share .
Each company currently holds portfolios in the high $ 700 billion range , officials said , meaning that they would not be forced to sell assets next year .
HOUSING STILL NEEDS A LIFELINE
The 2010 reprieve was designed in part to avoid putting an added strain on the housing sector as the Treasury and Federal Reserve wrap up programs to purchase mortgage - related debt .
As part of its announcement , Treasury said it was ending its mortgage - backed securities purchase program at the end of this year and the Fed has previously said it would wind down its separate program in the spring .
The Obama administration hopes its unlimited guarantee will bolster investor confidence and bring private sector buyers back into the market to help hold down mortgage costs .
Without healthy demand for MBS and the debt of the two finance companies , mortgage rates would likely spike , sending a chill through the still - shaky housing market .
The administration has already said it plans to lay out a vision for the future of the two agencies in the president ’s fiscal 2011 budget proposal in February .
“ The administration will have to determine what their status will be to support the housing market -- whether they stay as some kind of government - sponsored enterprises , become fully privatized or become full government agencies , ” said Larry Milstein , head of government and agency trading at R.W. Pressprich & Co. in New York
Thursday ’s announcement was reminiscent of former Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson ’s colorful remark to Congress in July 2008 , when he was lobbying for the bailout of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
Paulson told lawmakers that giving him authority to rescue the firms would reassure private investors .
“ If you have a bazooka in your pocket and people know it , you probably wo n’t have to use it , ” he said at the time .
However , less than two months later , the two companies were placed in a government conservatorship .
Early in Obama ’s administration , the credit line for the firms was doubled to $ 200 billion each .
It is now unlimited for three years .
Russian bank rejects loan over smiley face signature
A Russian man was turned down for a loan from his bank in Moscow after he used a smiley face symbol for his signature on the paperwork .
Meanwhile , the Alps have seen heavy snow falls in the past week allowing the ski season to get under way at many resorts .
Andermatt in Switzerland has received nearly 40 ins ( 100 cm ) of fresh snow .
Images from American Mountain People , The National Geographic Society , 1973 .
Photographs by Bruce Dale .
This set at hi-res on flickr
A weak cosmic infrared radiation field that reaches Earth from all directions contains not yet deciphered messages about the evolution of galaxies .
Using first observations with the PACS Instrument on board ESA 's Herschel Space Telescope , scientists from the Max Planck Institute for Extraterrestrial Physics and other institutions have for the first time resolved more than half of this radiation into its constituting sources .
Observations with Herschel open the road towards understanding the properties of these galaxies , and trace the dusty side of galaxy evolution .
In the mid 1990 's , scientists analyzing data from NASA 's COBE spacecraft discovered faint radiation in the far - infrared part of the electromagnetic spectrum that reaches earth with the same intensity from all directions in space .
Immediately , they suspected it to be the aggregate emission of many distant galaxies in the early universe , releasing the same amount of energy in the far - infrared as reaches us in visible light from similarly distant galaxies .
Whereas visible light tells us about the stars in galaxies , the far - infrared is emitted by cold dust that is hiding the newly formed stars .
Identifying these surprisingly numerous dusty galaxies has proven difficult , though .
Space telescopes are needed to detect far - infrared emission , because it is absorbed by the Earth 's atmosphere .
Previous infrared space telescopes have detected far - infrared light from only the brightest of the galaxies forming this cosmic background .
To glean any information about the fainter objects , astronomers had to rely on indirect evidence based on shorter wavelength radiation .
ESA 's Herschel Space Observatory , launched in May 2009 , is the largest space telescope ever built with a mirror diameter of 3.5 m .
Its PACS instrument is designed to take high - resolution images of the sky at far - infrared wavelengths of 70 to 160 micrometres , exactly where most of the cosmic infrared background emission is received .
" After the check - out of our instrument , we were yearning to obtain the first deep far - infrared observations of the sky , " says Albrecht Poglitsch , principal investigator of PACS .
For a total of 30 hours in October , PACS has observed a small patch of sky in the constellation of Ursa Major , about a quarter of the size of the full moon .
" Already in these first observations , we have resolved about 60 % of the cosmic infrared background from this region of sky into individual well - detected sources , " says Dieter Lutz from the consortium of scientists from five European institutes that have obtained the data .
" And this is just the beginning .
Yet more sensitive observations will follow soon , and we will be able to understand in detail the epoch of activity and the properties of the galaxies that produce the cosmic infrared background , now that we have pinned them down . "
The PACS images of the GOODS -N field were obtained as part of the Herschel Guaranteed Time Key Programme " PACS Evolutionary Probe " ( PEP ) by a consortium which includes scientists from Max Planck Institute for Extraterrestrial Physics ( Germany ) , CEA Saclay ( France ) , Instituto de Astrofísica de Canarias ( Spain ) , Istituto Nazionale di Astrofisica ( Italy ) , and the Herschel Science Centre , led by Dieter Lutz ( MPE Garching ) .
The PACS instrument has been designed and built by a consortium of institutes and university departments from across Europe under the leadership of Principal Investigator Albrecht Poglitsch located at the Max Planck Institute for Extraterrestrial Physics in Garching , Germany .
Consortium members are : Austria : UVIE ; Belgium : IMEC , KUL , CSL ; France : CEA , OAMP ; Germany : MPE , MPIA ; Italy : IFSI , OAP / AOT , OAA / CAISMI , LENS , SISSA ; Spain : IAC ; Hungary : Konkoly ; USA : NHSC .
The recession of 2008 - 09 has undercut one of the most destructive social theories that came out of the 1960s : the idea that the root cause of crime lies in income inequality and social injustice .
As the economy started shedding jobs in 2008 , criminologists and pundits predicted that crime would shoot up , since poverty , as the " root causes " theory holds , begets criminals .
Instead , the opposite happened .
Over seven million lost jobs later , crime has plummeted to its lowest level since the early 1960s .
The consequences of this drop for how we think about social order are significant .
The ...
About 20 % of Members of Parliament are women at present Obligatory quotas for the number of women put forward for selection as a parliamentary candidate by each political party have been proposed .
A cross-party conference chaired by Speaker John Bercow , acknowledged that its suggestion would be controversial .
The conference on diversity issues was commissioned by the prime minister .
It wants the parties either to improve the representation of women at the 2010 general election , or face mandatory quotas for the next one .
Family - friendly hours
Its report states : " We recognise that equality guarantees do not sit easily within some political party cultures .
" Yet , to date , the all - women shortlist has been the only mechanism to have produced a significant step - change in representation in the House of Commons in a relatively short period of time . "
In most cases , it remains more difficult for a candidate who does not fit the " white , male , middle class " norm to be selected
Anne Begg
Speakers 's Conference vice - chair
Its members also call for lists featuring only black and ethnic minority candidates , though they acknowledged such a move might undermine the principle that an MP represents the constituency regardless of background or politics .
The committee also called for more family - friendly hours for debates , remote voting , bursaries for people who otherwise could not afford to stand as a candidate , and limits on the money would - be candidates could spend to get selected .
Anne Begg MP , vice chair of the Speaker 's Conference , said it welcomed the main parties ' progree in ensuring selection procedures were more professional and objective .
" Yet the fact is that , in most cases , it remains more difficult for a candidate who does not fit the " white , male , middle class " norm to be selected , particularly if the seat is considered winnable .
" Our recommendations are aimed at putting that right , and I urge the government , political parties and parliament itself to implement them without delay . "
Harriet Harman , Labour 's deputy leader and minister for women and equality , said parliament must reflect the country MPs served .
" We agree that there is a real need to build on the desire for greater representation in our democratic structures , " she said .
" This is a democratic deficit - the missing faces on the green benches are the missing voices in the chamber . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Tony Hawk franchise revolutionized skating games and set the standard for the genre .
It reigned supreme over all other skating games for almost a decade .
When 2007 ’s Skate came along , the Tony Hawk franchise started to waver in terms of quality .
Though I personally thought Tony Hawk ’s Proving Ground was an excellent game , albeit somewhat bogged down by needless gimmicks , many saw the light at the end of the tunnel .
That light was …simulation .
One cannot review Tony Hawk : Ride without touching upon the ‘ game vs. simulator ’ argument .
For those who are unfamiliar with this heated debate amongst the gaming community , it revolves around two schools of thought where sports games are concerned .
In the realm of football games , for instance , there are those who think that Midway ’s classic NFL Blitz , a football ‘ game , ’ is infinitely superior to Madden NFL 2010 , a football ‘ simulator . ’
In the realm of skating games , there was once only Tony Hawk , but when Skate hit the scene , sporting more ‘ realistic ’ controls , then Activision felt the pressure to get with the times and follow the trend of ‘ realism ’ that has plagued almost every genre in our medium .
But back to the game itself ; Tony Hawk : Ride attempts to do away with “ complex ” button combinations and instead deliver a realistic skateboard simulator with its new skateboard peripheral .
In doing so , it fails on all fronts .
Tony Hawk : Ride is neither a skateboarding simulator nor a skateboarding game .
It is an unholy mess , and what ’s more , it ’s an unholy mess that ’ll set you back $ 120 .
There ’s no reason to discuss the design of the game .
There ’s no reason to discuss the online functionality or 8 - player party mode or anything like that because the key component –the ability to actually play the game –is fundamentally flawed if not broken .
The “ revolutionary ” skateboard peripheral is nothing more than an overpriced piece of plastic .
As I calibrated it , I was ready to give THR a chance .
But then I spent hours struggling with the unyielding board , experiencing flashbacks to a time of bad 90’s peripherals that also promised the world and delivered nothing .
I thought I had learned my lesson , but my love for the franchise blinded me .
The game has three modes of varying difficulty , but you ’ll only be able to play on the easiest setting because even steering is a constant battle .
‘ Casual ’ mode has the game taking over most of the steering with you pulling of an odd trick here and there , but at that point you feel so detached from the action on screen that you might as well be watching someone else play .
Harder difficulties are infuriating tests of patience as the horrible steering mechanics will have you launching yourself into the level geometry left and right .
It ’s easier to steer a real skateboard , and therein lies another problem .
THR is inaccessible to both gamers and skaters .
It ’s nothing even close to riding a real skateboard .
It might entertain a child for a few minutes but even they will discover that the game is n’t fun within the first stage .
And the fact that there is n’t even the option to play with a ‘ regular ’ controller is inexcusable .
You can practically hear the big fat check in Tony Hawk ’s pocket as he praises the bundled peripheral .
The fact of the matter is that everything you loved and enjoyed about the Tony Hawk series is gone .
The original developer , Neversoft , is nowhere to be seen and THR feels like an unwelcome stranger .
As curious as you may be about the workings of the board , do not , under any circumstances , purchase this game .
I made that mistake and I ’ve hated myself all week for it .
World Wide Economic Depression , Maybe Its Time to Become a Farmer ?
Jim Rogers , if nothing else , has no axe to grind when he shares his observations on the markets .
Unlike most of the Wall Street analyst , he actually does some serious homework on his investment themes .
For example , between January 1 , 1999 and January 5 , 2002 , Rogers traveled through 116 countries , covering 245,000 kilometers , seeing what was going on in the world first hand .
In 1998 , Jim Rogers founded the Rogers International Commodity Index .
In 2007 , the index and its 3 sub - indices were linked to exchange - traded notes under the banner ELEMENTS .
The notes track the total return of the indices as an accessible way to invest in the index .
Rogers is an outspoken advocate of agriculture investments and , in addition to the Rogers Commodity Index , is involved with two direct , farmland investment funds – Agrifirma ( based in Brazil ) and Agcapita Farmland Investment Partnership ( based in Canada ) .
Here is a recent interview from Jim on CNBC .
In the video he also comments on gold , the dollar , and World Economies in general :
Enjoy this article ?
Like to receive more like it each day ?
Simply click here and enter your email address in the box below to join them .
Email addresses are only used for mailing articles , and you may unsubscribe any time by clicking the link provided in the footer of each email .
Charles Maley
www.viewpointsofacommoditytrader.com
Charles has been in the financial arena since 1980 .
Charles is a Partner of Angus Jackson Partners , Inc. where he is currently building a track record trading the concepts that has taken thirty years to learn .
He uses multiple trading systems to trade over 65 markets with multiple risk management strategies .
More importantly he manages the programs in the “ Real World ” , adjusting for the surprises of inevitable change and random events .
Charles keeps a Blog on the concepts , observations , and intuitions that can help all traders become better traders .
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Comments
Jim
24 Jan 10 , 14:54 Theory Of The Current State Of The Planet 2010
What if the economy is not the problem but overpopulation is ?
The fall of the economy is a direct result of too many people and not enough resources .
There are two billion people in the world that live in poor conditions .
It would make more sense to have less people and a higher standard of living for everybody .
This could be done in a voluntary peaceful manner .
Nobody wants to deal with this huge problem because it is tabu .
MALINDI , Kenya |
People here have one thing to thank Somali pirates for : better fishing .
In past years , illegal commercial trawlers parked off Somalia ’s coast and scooped up the ocean ’s contents .
Now , fishermen on the northern coast of neighboring Kenya say , the trawlers are not coming because of pirates .
“ There is a lot of fish now ; there is plenty of fish .
There is more fish than people can actually use because the international fishermen have been scared away by the pirates , ” said Athman Seif , the director of the Malindi Marine Association .
On one early morning , as the sun bathed their wooden dhow in a pale yellow , four fishermen jumped out of their rickety 15 - foot boat , grabbed a hand - woven straw basket and waded ashore .
The basket held the bounty : 175 pounds of sailfish , barracuda and red snapper , the haul from a 12 - hour night on the ocean .
Each fisherman stood to make $ 12 , enough in this town to be considered a decent night ’s work .
Fishermen and sportsmen say they ’ve been catching more fish than ever .
Howard Lawrence - Brown , who owns Kenya Deep Sea Fishing , said fishing stocks over the last year have been up “ enormously — across all species . ”
“ We had the best marlin season ever last year , ” he said .
“ The only explanation is that somebody is not targeting them somewhere . …
There ’s definitely no question about it :
The lack of commercial fishing has made a difference . ”
Fishermen in the region have seen their incomes and quality of life rise .
New boats and better equipment can be seen on the water .
In Malindi , a second - tier tourist town whose tastiest seafood restaurant is called “ The Old Man and the Sea , ” after the Ernest Hemingway novel , the income of many families is determined by the number of fish caught during a half - day ’s turn at sea .
On a recent weekday , fisherman Abdi Ali said he has more money of late to send his kids to high school , which costs money in Kenya .
As Mr. Ali spoke , a man nearby held up a 2&189 ; - foot , 9 - pound red snapper to motorists on Malindi ’s main oceanfront drive in hopes of enticing a sale .
“ This year , the amount of fish we have caught has been very good .
We get about 150 kilograms to 200 and even 300 kilograms , depending on how much we fish , ” Mr. Ali said .
Three hundred kilograms is about 660 pounds .
“ There were fish that had disappeared and have come back like the barracuda , oranda , red snapper and other types , ” he said .
“ We are very happy now that there are so many fish . ”
Fishermen in Somalia , too , say they ’ve seen increased catches .
Traders at a Mogadishu fish market are happy because more fish means lower prices , which means more Somalis can afford to buy .
“ I remember some days I used to go to the sea early to catch fish and would return with no fish , but nowadays there are plenty .
You can catch it everywhere , ” said fisherman Bakar Osman , 50 .
“ I do not know the reason , but I think the foreign fishing vessels , which used to loot our fish , were scared away by pirates . ”
Somali pirates have increased attacks the last two years because of the millions of dollars in ransom they can command .
They currently hold close to a dozen vessels and more than 200 crew hostage .
Fishermen here acknowledge the horror of the attacks :
They occasionally are harassed by pirates themselves .
Before the pirates came out in big numbers , fishing longliners roamed the coasts , Mr. Lawrence - Brown said , laying out miles of line .
“ They kill everything from the bottom of the ocean to the boat .
They run at 22 knots .
They can lay their lines for 24 hours , pick them up and get out of there , ” he said .
“ The damage on the sports fishing side is immeasurable . ”
A report on pirates this year by the S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies in Singapore said the value of illegal catches from Somalia ’s maritime jurisdiction is estimated at between $ 90 million and $ 300 million a year , and that foreign fishing vessels hail from all around the world .
The report ’s author , Clive Schofield , a research fellow with the Australian Center for Ocean Resources and Security at the University of Wollongong , called it ironic that nations contributing warships to anti-piracy efforts are in some cases directly linked to the foreign fishing vessels “ stealing Somalia ’s offshore resources . ”
“ This situation has led some pirates to justify their actions on basis of illegal foreign fishing activities — styling themselves ‘ coast guards ’ and characterizing ransom demands as ‘ fines , ’ ” the report said .
“ Without condoning acts of violence at sea , it is clear that the Somalis who hijack shipping off their coast are in fact not the only ‘ pirates ’ operating in these waters , ” it said .
Piracy has not had a huge effect on Kenya ’s overall fishing industry , which is not very well developed on the coast , according to the permanent secretary for Kenya ’s Ministry of Fisheries Development , Micheni Japhet Ntiba .
Kenya has brought in between 5,000 and 7,000 metric tons of fish off its Indian Ocean coast each of the last several years , he said , less than a tenth of Kenya ’s yearly catch from Lake Victoria , on Kenya ’s western edge .
Piracy “ is a negative thing for Kenya fisherman .
It ’s a negative thing for the Kenyan economy .
It ’s a negative thing for the western Indian Ocean economy , ” Mr. Ntiba said .
“ What I think is important for us is to invest in security so the government and the private sector can invest in the deep - sea ocean resources . ”
Still , Kenya ’s sports fisherman say the pirates appear to have had a hugely positive effect on their industry .
Angus Paul , whose family owns the Kingfisher sports fishing company , said that over the past season clients on his catch - and - release sports fishing outings averaged 12 or 13 sail fish a day .
That compares with two or three in previous years .
Somali pirates , Mr. Paul said , are a group of terrorists , “ but as long as they can keep the big commercial boats out , not fishing the waters , then it benefits a lot of other smaller people . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Getting Started :
Handling Your Herb :
Packing A Bowl :
Kief :
Hot Knifing :
Fighting Oder :
Tools of the Trade :
The Munchies :
Oil Dome / Vapor Globe : [ / B] The Vapor Globe or Oil Dome is an innovative accessory designed to turn your waterpipe into a concentrate smoking machine !!!
Here 's how it works ... The main male apparatus is inserted into the downstem of your favorite waterpipe , inside is a removable glass nail that sits within the male apparatus .
Using a butane torch the nail is heated , the female globe is placed on top , and the hash is applied using a dabber ( dental pick or paper clip ) .[ ame = " http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L29iij1MPGI
" ]
YouTube - afternoon dome dab [ / ame ]
While there are easier ways to smoke hash , hot knifing remains a popular way to enjoy hash and here is how you do it :- Supplies : two butter knives , hash to smoke , a stove preferably with a metal coils , oven glove or hand towel , straw , and although not required the help of a friend might come in handy !-
Step One :
Set the stove to high heat and wait until the stove top turns burns bright red . - Step Two :
Place the knives on the stove as shown in the picture below , if you have a different kind of stove you are going to have to improvise - Step Three : Break up some hash into small little bits 0.01 - 0.03 grams a piece .
Once the tips of the knives turn a bright orange take your oven mitt or towel and pick up one of the knives . -
Step Four : Holding the knife firmly in your hand press the orange tip very lightly down onto a small piece of hash , do not squish it , instead press lightly until the hash melts to the hot metal . -
Step Five : Pick up the other knife and press the two ends firmly together , the hash will immediately begin to burn and smoke will quickly begin to rise . -
Step Six :
Hold the straw in your mouth and inhale while balancing the knives .
We all know that pot smells and for many of us covering up or eliminating this smell is a top concern .
Whether you 're hot - boxing your bedroom , have a nosey landlord , or just want to cover up your smelly stash here are a few products I 've personally used with great results in the battle against oder !!!
My personal favorite and top choice , Renuzit Super Oder Neatralizer , can be found at any grocery story , pharmacy , or Target for $ 2.99 .
It is available in three fragrances , I recommend Pure Breeze , and will eliminate the smell of cannabis without filling the air with an overpowering or disgusting smell !
Made from natural orange extract in California , Orange Chronic Spray is highly effective and works great !
Immediately filling the air with a heavy orange scent that I find to be more pleasant than overwhelming , it is available in a 4 oz or 8 oz spray cans that feature a pump system instead of using aerosol which harms the environment .
Available online or at any decent smoke / head shop I would highly recommend picking some up !!!
While they may not be the best at eliminating strong smoke smells incense are great to burn while smoking , to help mask the smell , either in an adjacent room or to add a pleasant smell to the room after medicating .
I recommend storing a few extra incense NEXT to your jar , ( NEVER INSIDE YOUR JAR ... GROSS ) it will help keep any hidden smells from leaking out and add a nice smell to your closet or desk drawer !
While the following items may not be a necessity , they are sure to add a little extra to your smoking experience !!!
A trusted poker can be a helpful tool in the fight against clogged bowls !
Here is a cool one I picked up from ROOR : While the $ 9.99 ROOR Poker may be a bit pricey , the small glass tip is excellent for handling hash oil efficiently and very easily , making it well worth the money in my opinion .
Most headshops carry great metal pokers for less than $ 1.00 that work just as well .
Use anything that works well for you as a poker , just be sure to have a safe place to keep it to avoid smearing black resin on your favorite shirt or chair .
Available everywhere from your local Wal - mart to that janky swap - meet on the outskirts of town , an industrial use Dental Pick is a very useful tool in a smokers world ... especially when you 're handling hash oils !!!
NOTE : Be careful when clearing bowls with ANY poker as it is extremely easy to chip or break your glass !!!
Featuring a double zipper and a half inch wide seal , Smelly Proof bags are a MUST HAVE for any connoisseur looking to leave home with herb .
Whether it 's driving home from your friends or flying across the country , your stash will stay oder free and relatively safe inside your Smelly Proof .
Available in a variety of sizes they sell locally for $ 1.00 a piece and I suggest getting your hands on one as soon as possible !!!
While there are plenty of pot magazines to pick from nowadays there is one that truly shines above the rest , the original High Times Magazine !
Packed with tons of useful information , stunning images , and a cheap cover price High Times is a great read for any stoner !
With an average of two issues published a month you will never run out of cannabis related reading material , and with a 12 month subscription for under $ 30 I recommend signing up today !
Created in the summer of 1994 by Canada 's Prince of Pot , Marc Emery , Cannabis Culture Magazine is a great resource for all stoners !
Loaded with interesting stories , grow tips from expert Ed Rosenthal , medical marijuana info , and most importantly ... facts !
Cannabis Culture comes out every two months and is available in book stores and newsstands across North America .
I 've been a dedicated High Times subscriber for many years but I recently subscribed to Cannabis Culture after purchasing only one issue .
While Cannabis Culture may not have as many pretty pictures as HT , it brings it 's weight in readable content and will not waste your time with fake weed advertisements !!!
The following foods will help refuel your body and mind in your journey as a cannabis connoisseur !!!
According to Ed Rosenthal , a leading Cannabis expert , eating a slightly overripe mango about 30 minutes prior to consuming cannabis will drastically increase the potency of your high !
Myrcene , one of the oder molecules found in both mangos and marijuana , easily crosses the blood - brain barrier and transports THC across the barrier too .
Increasing the amount of Myrcene in the blood system results in more THC getting to the brain .
Skeptical ?
Try it yourself ... I promise you will like the results !
For the last week or two “ experts ” and pundits have been making their forecasts for 2010 .
I always take these forecasts with a grain of salt .
The people making the forecasts generally have some skin in the game and will tailor their forecast to benefit their particular agenda or investment portfolio .
I pride myself on dishing out punishment to both political parties and most investment shills .
I will take on the thankless task of predicting the future .
Below are my prognostications in the areas of the economy , domestic politics , global geopolitics , and the investment markets .
To date , the Federal Reserve has printed well over a trillion dollars in an attempt to evade a deflationary collapse , including a $ 700 billion bank bailout and a $ 787 billion stimulus package .
And then there was $ 3 billion wasted on Cash for Clunkers ( $ 24,000 per vehicle ) , $ 28 billion squandered on the $ 8,500 homebuyer tax credit , and an artificial suppressing of interest rates to 0 percent with $ 300 billion of mortgage - backed securities purchased by the Federal Reserve and Treasury .
And all we ’ve received is a 2.2 percent increase in GDP ?
The fourth quarter of 2009 will show a positive GDP as government spending and Federal Reserve quantitative easing have continued at a rapid clip .
As the government stimulus winds down in the first half of 2010 , the true weakness of the economy will reveal itself .
I expect a double dip recession commencing by June of 2010 .
With the economy sinking back into recession , the official unemployment rate will exceed 11 percent by late 2010 .
The true non-government manipulated figure will approach the Great Depression levels of 25 percent .
Over 8 million Americans have lost their jobs since 2007 .
The side effects from this fact will ripple through the country for years .
One quarter of all homeowners in the U.S. is underwater in their mortgages .
A tsunami of Alt - A and Option ARM mortgages will reset in 2010 .
These two developments will lead to another surge in foreclosures .
Despite government attempts to interfere in the market , home prices will fall another 10 percent in 2010 .
The continued weakness in employment and housing will lead to a further drop in retail sales .
Developers of malls , office buildings , hotels , condos and apartments will pay the piper in 2010 .
Billions in debt related to projects built in 2005 will need to be refinanced .
These properties have dropped 30 percent to 40 percent in value .
The continued weakness in retail sales will lead to retail bankruptcies and store closings .
Fewer tenants means less rental income for mall owners .
There will be a record number of commercial real estate bankruptcies in 2010 .
The bulk of these losses will be borne by regional banks .
There were 150 bank failures in 2009 .
The FDIC just announced they would add 1,600 employees in 2010 , doubling their work force .
There will be 500 bank failures in 2010 .
The Federal Budget for 2010 anticipates a $ 1.5 trillion deficit .
I believe the Obama administration will pull out all the stops to boost the economy before the 2010 elections .
This means more spending .
The 2010 deficit will be closer to $ 2 trillion .
The bond market and foreign buyers will choke on this amount of debt .
The result will be much higher interest rates .
Ten year Treasuries will start the year at 3.8 percent .
By year end , rates will exceed 5 percent .
As the world loses confidence in the American economy and leadership , the dollar will fall to new all - time lows falling by another 15 percent .
A falling dollar will result in a surge in gold and silver .
Gold will break $ 1,500 an ounce , with silver breaking $ 20 an ounce .
As world demand increases and peak oil becomes acknowledged , oil prices will exceed $ 100 a barrel further depressing the U.S. economy .
Congress will pass the Obama healthcare plan by the end of January .
The outrage will be palpable .
Obama will then announce another stimulus program and call it a “ jobs program . ”
This will cost another $ 200 billion .
In February , the government will formally take over Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
These unprecedented reckless interventions in our supposedly free markets will lead to huge Democratic losses in the 2010 Congressional elections .
They will lose 50 seats in the House and 6 seats in the Senate .
As the economy deteriorates the stock market will drop by 30 percent in the first half of 2010 .
After the Republicans regain power in Washington DC , the stock market will rally .
The biggest wildcards in 2010 will come from outside the U.S.
The uprisings in Iran are likely to provoke the current leadership to stir up more trouble in Afghanistan and Iraq .
The imposition of sanctions by the U.S. could also provoke Iran to lash out against Israel .
This region is a powder keg with matches being lit every day .
I expect Israel to attack Iran ’s nuclear facilities before the end of 2010 .
Iran ’s response will be to disrupt the flow of oil through the Strait of Hormuz .
This will bring the U.S. Navy into conflict with Iran .
Oil prices will soar when this conflict breaks out .
The conflict in Afghanistan will worsen , with more American soldiers losing their lives .
Tensions between Pakistan and India will increase as terrorists again attack within India .
Economically , Eastern Europe will crash with Greece , Latvia , and Hungary defaulting on their debt .
This will plunge European banks into deeper losses and cause the next leg down in Europe .
These foreign risks have the potential to spiral out of control .
You may have noticed that I ’m not too optimistic about 2010 .
Let ’s hope I ’m wrong .
Cutting Edge Economic Crisis Analyst James Quinn is a senior director of strategic planning for a major university .
This article reflects the personal views of James Quinn .
It does not necessarily represent the views of his employers , and is not sponsored or endorsed by them .
This year , hundreds of thousands of prisoners with serious mental illnesses will be released into communities across America , the largest exodus in the nation ’s history .
Typically , mentally ill offenders leave prison with a bus ticket , $ 75 and two weeks worth of medication .
Within eighteen months , nearly two - thirds are re-arrested .
In this follow - up to the groundbreaking film The New Asylums , FRONTLINE examines what happens to the mentally ill when they leave prison and why they return at such alarming rates .
[ Explore more stories on the original website for The Released . ]
Unity ’s rapid edit - compile - test cycle encourages developers to build game levels interactively in the editor .
Game parameters are often saved directly in the scene , or on prefabs .
However , sometimes it makes sense to read that data from a file at run-time .
For example : Pawns puzzles are defined by a simple arrangement of game elements on a grid .
By putting this information in a text file , I was able to try changes to the puzzles without leaving the game .
Even better , by giving public access to the file I have the option to allow other people to mod the game ( i.e. make their own puzzles ) even if they do n’t have Unity or the Pawns source code !
Below I post the code for the two techniques I used to read text files into Pawns .
I also cover some of the differences to be aware of when loading data on different platforms .
Method 1 : Read a text file embedded in the game ’s resources
The simplest technique is to read a file that Unity has compiled into your game , just as it does for the other game assets like textures , sounds , and models .
This is simple because Unity encrypts the file into your game bundle automatically .
However the file is not visible to would - be - level editors , so you lose some of the advantages I talked about earlier .
But if you want to avoid exposing the file ’s contents to the public in a shipping game , this may be just the thing .
Place the textfile ( in this example , “ puzzles.txt ” ) in the Resources folder of your Unity project .
Unity will automatically package it into your game .
To read it , your script just uses Unity ’s built - in Resources class :
FileInfo the SourceFile = null ; StringReader reader = null ; Â TextAsset puzdata = ( TextAsset ) Resources .
Load ( " puzzles " , typeof ( TextAsset ) ) ; // puzdata.text is a string containing the whole file .
To read it line - by - line : reader = new StringReader ( puzdata .
text ) ; if ( reader == null ) { Debug .
Log ( " puzzles. txt not found or not readable " ) ; } else { //
Read each line from the file while ( ( string txt = reader .
ReadLine ( ) ) != null ) Debug .
Log ( " --> " + txt ) ; } FileInfo the SourceFile = null ; StringReader reader = null ; Â TextAsset puzdata = ( TextAsset ) Resources .
Load ( " puzzles " , typeof ( TextAsset ) ) ; // puzdata.text is a string containing the whole file .
To read it line - by - line : reader = new StringReader ( puzdata.text ) ; if ( reader == null ) { Debug.Log ( " puzzles.txt not found or not readable " ) ; } else { //
Read each line from the file while ( ( string txt = reader .
ReadLine ( ) ) != null ) Debug.Log ( " --> " + txt ) ; }
Method 2 : Read unencrypted text file bundled with the game
This example reads text from a file that sits alongside other files of your compiled game .
Anyone can see and edit the file , which makes it convenient for making changes without having to rebuild your game .
The complication is that you have to remember to include the file with your game , either by manually adding it after every build , or by creating a Unity build post - processing script to do it for you .
The following example reads a file called “ puzzles.txt ” from the game ’s data folder as pointed to by Application .dataPath .
This location varies depending on where your game is running :
Where game is running Application.dataPath
In the Unity editor project ’s Assets folder Mac build ‘ Contents ’ folder in the package ( right - click on the game , select “ View Package Contents ” )
Windows build Data subfolder iPhone app
In app ’s writeable Documents directory ; see comments below Webplayer build URL to webplayer ’s data folder ; use WWW class to access
( Since Application.dataPath returns a URL for webplayers , the following code will probably not work for them .
You would have to use the WWW class instead . )
FileInfo the SourceFile = null ; StreamReader reader = null ; the SourceFile = new FileInfo ( Application .
dataPath + " /puzzles.txt " ) ; if ( the Source File != null && the SourceFile .
Exists ) reader = the SourceFile .
OpenText ( ) ; if ( reader == null ) { Debug .
Log ( " puzzles. txt not found or not readable " ) ; } else { //
Read each line from the file while ( ( string txt = reader .
ReadLine ( ) ) != null ) Debug .
Log ( " --> " + txt ) ; } FileInfo the SourceFile = null ; StreamReader reader = null ; the SourceFile = new FileInfo ( Application.dataPath + " /puzzles.txt " ) ; if ( the Source File != null && the Source File .
Exists ) reader = the SourceFile.
OpenText ( ) ; if ( reader == null ) { Debug.Log ( " puzzles.txt not found or not readable " ) ; } else { //
Read each line from the file while ( ( string txt = reader .
ReadLine ( ) ) != null ) Debug.Log ( " --> " + txt ) ; }
Method 1+2 : Read from plain text file , with fallback to embedded resource
Pawns originally used method 2 exclusively , but since I plan to charge for the full set of puzzles I ’d prefer not to have the final puzzle file exposed for all to see .
On the other hand , I ’d still like to have the ability to try out new puzzles occasionally , or allow others to design puzzles .
A simple solution is to first look for the plain text file using method 2 ; if not found , load the default puzzles embedded in the game resources ( method 1 . )
In fact , since StringReader ( used to read lines from the embedded text resource ) and StreamReader ( used to read the plain text file ) are both subclasses of TextReader , once either file is opened the rest of the code can parse it without caring whether it ’s reading from a file or an in - memory string :
FileInfo the SourceFile = null ; TextReader reader = null ; Â // NOTE : TextReader , superclass of StreamReader and StringReader // Read from plain text file if it exists the SourceFile = new FileInfo ( Application .
dataPath + " /puzzles.txt " ) ; if ( the Source File != null && the SourceFile .
Exists ) { reader = the SourceFile .
OpenText ( ) ; Â // returns StreamReader } else { // try to read from Resources instead TextAsset puzdata = ( TextAsset ) Resources .
Load ( " puzzles " , typeof ( TextAsset ) ) ; reader = new StringReader ( puzdata . text ) ; Â // returns StringReader } if ( reader == null ) { Debug .
Log ( " puzzles. txt not found or not readable " ) ; } else { //
Read each line from the file / resource while ( ( string txt = reader .
ReadLine ( ) ) != null ) Debug .
Log ( " --> " + txt ) ; } FileInfo the Source
File = null ; TextReader reader = null ; Â // NOTE : TextReader , superclass of StreamReader and StringReader // Read from plain text file if it exists the SourceFile = new FileInfo ( Application.dataPath + " /puzzles.txt " ) ; if ( the Source File != null && the Source File .
Exists ) { reader = the SourceFile .
OpenText ( ) ; Â // returns StreamReader } else { // try to read from Resources instead TextAsset puzdata = ( TextAsset ) Resources .
Load ( " puzzles " , typeof ( TextAsset ) ) ; reader = new StringReader ( puzdata.text ) ; Â // returns StringReader } if ( reader == null ) { Debug.Log ( " puzzles.txt not found or not readable " ) ; } else { //
Read each line from the file / resource while ( ( string txt = reader .
ReadLine ( ) ) != null ) Debug.Log ( " --> " + txt ) ; }
Parsing XML in Unity
People often use XML as a convenient text file format , and the Mono libraries contain powerful classes for parsing it .
So this would seem to be a natural fit for Unity .
But using those functions requires additional Mono libraries to be bundled with your game .
You should particularly avoid this when building a webplayer or iPhone app .
See the Unity documentation for details .
Fortunately most tasks only require a small subset of the XML standard , so writing or borrowing a simple parser is an alternative .
I found some alternatives being discussed in the Unity forums here .
To use the Mono libraries to read and write XML , this article seems to cover the topic nicely .
Accessing text files on the iPhone
As mentioned above , iPhone apps each have a writeable Documents directory .
The contents of this directory are preserved when the app is updated .
However , that directory starts off empty and there is no way to install a file directly into that directory along with your app .
The workaround is for your game to create whatever files it needs the first time it is run .
The following code was posted in the Unity3d forums ( and I ’ve seen it elsewhere ) for finding the location of the writeable Documents directory :
string docsPath = Application .
dataPath .
Replace ( " / Data " , " / Documents / " ) ; string docsPath = Application.dataPath.Replace ( " / Data " , " / Documents / " ) ;
However , I imagine this may change in the future .
Application.dataPath is a bit strange with Unity iPhone 1.5.1 in that it does not appear to point directly to a usable directory .
To read from the Documents directory you need to use the above code .
To read asset bundles you need to replace “ Data ” with “ myappname.app / Data ” .
If the folks at Unity Technologies ever decide to fix Application .
dataPath to point directly to the Data directory in a future release of Unity iPhone , the code for finding the Documents directory would need to be updated .
( Or perhaps they will also add a method like Application .
documentPath as well . )
[ 3/6/2010 : Unity 1.6 for iPhone was just released , and I see in the release notes that they have added the application name to the Data directory , just as I predicted .
So the code sample above needs adjusting - the application name will also need to be removed from the path . ]
Unity Pro only : asset bundles
Developers of webplayers and online games should also look into asset bundles , a Unity Pro feature that lets you collect game objects into a file ahead of time , and then load them at run time from a local file or from a web server .
Comments and corrections welcome .
Did you find an error ?
Did you have a particularly interesting use for runtime data in your game ?
I ’d be interested to know .
A gay couple in Los Angeles was awarded compensation Tuesday for being denied spousal benefits by the federal government .
U.S. ninth circuit court of appeals judge Stephen Reinhardt ruled in February that federal public defender Brad Levenson and his partner , Tony Sears , were wrongfully denied health benefits on the basis of sexual orientation , which is banned by California law .
He is now ordering the federal government to calculate and pay what it owes to him .
Levenson and Sears married July 12 , 2008 , according to court documents .
When Sears tried to register with the federal government to collect spousal benefits shortly after the wedding , the Office of Personnel Management turned down the couple 's enrollment , citing the Defense of Marriage Act.
Levenson appealed , and the judge ordered that the government compensate the couple for outside health coverage .
" If Sears were female , or if Levenson himself were female , Levenson would be able to add Sears as a beneficiary , " Reinhardt wrote in an opinion .
" Thus , the denial of benefits at issue here was sex - based . "
By Colin Paterson and Tim Masters
Entertainment reporters , BBC News
Lady Gaga 's latest single Bad Romance is the current UK number one MP3 players given as presents have helped boost UK single sales to an all - time high in the week after Christmas .
According to Official Charts Company figures , 4.22 m singles were sold in the last week of 2009 , beating the previous record of 4.03 m over Christmas 2008 .
And the Christmas chart battle between X Factor and Rage Against the Machine may also have had an effect .
" It has opened up people to downloading who may never have done before , " said Music Week editor Paul Williams .
Lady Gaga was named on Sunday as last week 's top - selling singles artist as Bad Romance returned to the number one spot .
X Factor winner Joe McElderry 's single The Climb went down to number two .
Williams told the BBC that the growth in the download market had changed the way that consumers behaved immediately after Christmas .
" It used to be on Christmas Day you 'd have your lunch and maybe go for a brisk walk or settle down and watch the afternoon film , " Williams said .
" Now , increasingly , people are going online to buy - particularly if they have got an MP3 player for Christmas and they want to feed their new gadget . "
' Opposite effect ' Download sites took advantage of the Rage Against The Machine chart battle He added : " It used to be the case that the week after Christmas was pretty dead in terms of chart activity .
Very few shops were open and people were really busy doing other things .
" But because there is this online element now - particularly with the singles chart which is almost exclusively download now - it has the opposite effect that people are buying more in the week after Christmas than they would ordinarily be . "
Digital sales now account for around 98 % of the singles market .
The BPI , which represents UK record labels , has said it expects total single sales in 2009 to exceed 150 million .
The previous all - time record of 115.1 million was set in 2008 .
Final figures for 2009 will be published later this week .
Williams said that Joe McElderry 's single bucked the download trend in that most were sold in a physical format .
The Rage Against the Machine song was download only .
" We have in the market one particular outlet in iTunes that really dominates , but what happened with RATM was that other online players were cashing in - and therefore they were not only generating more business for themselves but increasing the size of the market overall . "
But while the singles market is on record - breaking form , album sales have been in decline .
According to Music
Week last week 's sales were 3.16 million - almost 12 % lower than the same period last year .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
by Don Paskini
The US Basic Income Group reports that Mongolia is to become the first country in the world to introduce a basic income for all its citizens :
The Mongolian government has taken the initial steps to create a basic income in the form of an Alaskan - style resource dividend .
That would make it only the second regular basic income in the world and the first on a national level .
Bloomberg News reports that the Mongolian government has pledged to set up a “ sovereign wealth fund ” using mining royalties from new gold and copper mines , which are expected to begin generating large tax revenues within the next three to five years .
The fund is expected to distribute part of its revenue as an annual income to every Mongolian .
Although the government has not yet published estimates of how large the annual income might turn out to be , this program could eventually make a large impact on Mongolians , because Mongolia is a small , poor country with a large amount of newly discovered resource wealth .
During the elections this year , both parties discussed distributing as much as $ 1000 US to each citizen .
Although the government might not follow through with such a large grant , the size of the new mines brings this size of a dividend into the realm of possibility .
A $ 1000 dividend might not seem terribly significant , but the potential impact of the dividend has to be looked at in relation to how wealthy the citizens already are .
According to Bloomberg , per capita income in Mongolia is only $ 1,680US .
A dividend of only $ 50 per year would have the same relative impact on the average Mongolian ’s budget as Alaska ’s $ 1300 dividend has on the average Alaskan ’s budget .
The impact of a dividend of $ 500 or $ 1000 could be astounding , but we should be cautious about expecting anything like this in the short run .
Whatever happens , basic income supporters will probably want to keep an eye on developments in Mongolia .
More information here
I always enjoy teaching together with Scott Meyers and Andrei Alexandrescu , not only because it means I get to work with good friends , but also because I get to listen to them speak .
Scott and Andrei always have interesting and useful things to say and say them well .
We occasionally speak at the same big conferences , but at those we ’re often scheduled at the same time and so we do n’t get to hear each other ’s sessions ( and attendees likewise have to choose one competing session or the other for that time slot ) , and presenting in large rooms to hundreds of people makes it hard to get much quality face time with the individual audience members .
So I ’m really looking forward to spending three days together with Scott and Andrei and a limited number of attendees at a new event called C++ and Beyond :
What do C++ programmers think about these days ?
Perhaps the new features from C++0 x that are becoming commonly available and that introduce fundamental changes in how C++ software is designed .
Perhaps the increasing importance of developing effective concurrent systems .
Perhaps the continuing pressure to create high - performance software .
Possibly the impact of new systems programming languages such as D .
Most likely , all of the above , and more .
C++ legends Scott Meyers , Herb Sutter , and Andrei Alexandrescu think about these things , too — all the time .
Scott and Herb are neck - deep in C++0x , while Andrei is literally writing the book on D ( The D Programming Language ) .
Herb and Andrei put the pedal to the metal on applied concurrency and parallelism ;
Herb is writing the book on that topic ( Effective Concurrency ) .
All three focus on the development of high - performance systems , a topic Scott ’s writing a book about ( Fastware ! ) .
This summer , Scott , Herb , and Andrei will host an intensive three - day technical event focusing on “ C++ and Beyond ” — an examination of issues related to C++ and its application in high - performance ( typically highly concurrent ) systems , as well as related technologies of likely interest to C++ programmers .
We know it ’ll be in the Seattle area .
We know it ’ll be this summer .
What we do n’t know is which of the two candidate dates ( in June or August ) works best for you , so we thought we ’d let you decide :
If you ’re potentially interested in attending , please vote for your preferred date .
At that page you can also let us know what kinds of topics you ’d like to see covered .
Once we finalize the details we ’ll post them and open registration .
You can subscribe to follow announcements via this feed .
We hope to see you in the beautiful Pacific Northwest this summer .
Drinking more coffee ( regular or decaffeinated ) or tea appears to lower the risk of developing type 2 diabetes , according to an analysis of previous studies reported in the December 14/28 issue of Archives of Internal Medicine , JAMA .
By the year 2025 , approximately 380 million individuals worldwide will be affected by type 2 diabetes .
Despite considerable research attention , the role of specific dietary and lifestyle factors remains uncertain , although obesity and physical inactivity have consistently been reported to raise the risk of diabetes mellitus .
A previously published meta - analysis suggested drinking more coffee may be linked with a reduced risk , but the amount of available information has more than doubled since .
Rachel Huxley , D. Phil , of The George Institute for International Health , University of Sydney , Australia , and colleagues identified 18 studies involving 457,922 participants and assessing the association between coffee consumption and diabetes risk published between 1966 and 2009 .
Six studies involving 225,516 individuals also included information about decaffeinated coffee , whereas seven studies with 286,701 participants reported on tea consumption .
When the authors combined and analyzed the data , they found that each additional cup of coffee consumed in a day was associated with a 7 percent reduction in the excess risk of diabetes .
advertisement
Individuals who drank three to four cups per day had an approximately 25 percent lower risk than those who drank between zero and two cups per day .
In addition , in the studies that assessed decaffeinated coffee consumption , those who drank more than three to four cups per day had about a one - third lower risk of diabetes than those who drank none .
Those who drank more than three to four cups of tea had a one - fifth lower risk than those who drank no tea .
That the apparent protective effect of tea and coffee consumption appears to be independent of a number of potential confounding variables raises the possibility of direct biological effects , the authors write .
Because of the association between decaffeinated coffee and diabetes risk , the association is unlikely to be solely related to caffeine .
Other compounds in coffee and tea including magnesium , antioxidants known as lignans or chlorogenic acids may be involved , the authors note .
If such beneficial effects were observed in interventional trials to be real , the implications for the millions of individuals who have diabetes mellitus , or who are at future risk of developing it , would be substantial , they conclude .
For example , the identification of the active components of these beverages could open up new therapeutic options for the primary prevention of diabetes mellitus .
The findings also pose the question of whether patients most at risk for diabetes mellitus may in the future be advised to increase their consumption of tea and coffee in addition to increasing their levels of physical activity .
Spokesperson for the European Society of Cardiology , Professor Lars Rydén ( Sweden ) , who is a diabetes specialist had the following advice : " This is a cautiously and carefully conducted meta - analysis which means authors have carefully conducted studies although each are too small to give an answer to the question although they indicate a positive correlation between the consumption of coffee and a decreasing occurrence of diabetes .
So the principle is that if you drink coffee whether it is decaffeinated or not , you have less chance of developing diabetes .
The data has been strengthened by bringing several studies together .
advertisement
There are sometimes claims that coffee may do harm , that it may increase the propensity to Cardiovascular disease , but there is no evidence for this .
The message is that people may drink coffee safely .
Coffee from this point of view may actually be of benefit , as well as reducing the risk of getting diabetes -- although the reduction is small ( around 7 % ) . "
However Prof Rydén warns that lifestyle changes far outweigh a regular coffee intake .
" Coffee helps , but other things are even more important .
Those who are overweight should reduce their bodyweight by 5 - 10 % -- not too much -- and include physical activity such as a brisk walk for 30 minutes a day .
Then those people who are at risk of developing diabetes will reduce this risk by 40 - 50 % .
It is interesting to consider why a beverage like coffee has a beneficial effect .
It is obviously not the caffeine as decaffeinated coffee has the same efficiency as caffeinated coffee .
Coffee may contain antioxidants but the studies have not measured the number of chemicals in the blood which is important . "
Dr. Huxley is supported by a Career Development Award from the National Heart Foundation of Australia .
This work was additionally supported by a grant from the National Health and Medical Research Council of Australia ; a Research Career Development Fellowship from the UK Wellcome Trust ; and a research grant from Institut Servier , France and Assistance Publique - Hopitaux de Paris .
Tobacco plants produce abundant biomass in more than 100 countries and could -- with certain genetic modifications -- be used to produce abundant biofuels , researchers say .
Researchers at the Biotechnology Foundation Laboratories of Thomas Jefferson University in Philadelphia , have successfully tested genetic manipulations to increase oil accumulation in the leaves of tobacco plants , according to a paper published online in Plant Biotechnology Journal .
" In the search for alternative biofuel plant resources , tobacco has been largely overlooked as it is considered primarily as an expensive crop grown for smoking , " researchers Vyacheslav Andrianov and Nikolai Borisjuk wrote .
" When grown for energy production instead of smoking , tobacco can generate a large amount of inexpensive biomass more efficiently than almost any other agricultural crop , " the researchers wrote .
In most plants , biofuel oil is extracted from the seeds rather than the leaves or stems .
But while tobacco plants produce very oily seeds , they do not make large numbers of them , the researchers said .
To make tobacco plants more attractive as a feedstock , they tested two genetic modifications to shift oil production and accumulation into the tobacco plant 's large and plentiful leaves .
By engineering plants to overexpress one gene , the researchers doubled the fatty acids extracted from a plant to 5.8 percent of the dry biomass weight for one tobacco strain and 6 percent for another .
A second genetic change made the plant accumulate up to 6.8 percent per dry weight of extracted fatty acids , they reported .
The researchers said further experimentation should be done to test whether making both of the changes in a single plant yields the full cumulative increase .
But if either of those gains could be secured at a large scale , tobacco could become a useful biofuel feedstock , they said .
Citing a 2008 study , the researchers said that if one assumed a conservative harvest of 170 metric tons per hectare for about 20 tons of dry biomass , engineered tobacco plants with 6 percent fatty acid by dry weight would produce at least twice as much biodiesel as a hectare of soybeans .
Extracting oil from the green parts of a plant is not as well understood as pressing it out of seeds , the authors noted , presenting a hurdle to commercial production .
But the process could be expected to yield glycerin as a valuable byproduct , and the pressed leaves could be fermented to make ethanol , as well , they said .
" By generating both biofuel oil and ethanol , tobacco has the potential to produce more energy per hectare than any other non-food crop , " they conclude .
Reprinted from Greenwire with permission from Environment & Energy Publishing , LLC .
www.eenews.net, 202-628-6500
Burj Dubai Trivia
The Essentials of the World 's New Tallest Building
Perhaps the most astounding fact about the Burj Dubai is that the company which designed it says it could have been even taller .
But still , the tower is replete with superlatives .
SPIEGEL ONLINE tells you what you need to know about the new symbol of Dubai .
There 's only one political party in the entire world that is so inept , cowardly and bungling that it could manage to simultaneously lick the boots of Wall Street bankers and then get blamed by the voters for being flaming revolutionary socialists .
It 's the same party that has allowed the opposition to go on a thirty year scorched earth campaign , stealing everything in sight from middle and working class voters , and yet successfully claim to be protecting ‘ real Americans ' from out - of - touch elites .
It 's the same party that could run a decorated combat hero against a war evader in 1972 , only to be successfully labeled as national security wimps .
Just to be sure , it then did the exact same thing again in 2004 .
It 's the same party that stood by silently while two presidential elections in a row were stolen away from them .
How ‘ bout dem Dems , eh ?
One year ago today , there was real question as to what could possibly be the future of the Republican Party in America .
That 's changed a bit now .
And , speaking of ‘ change ' , the one kind that Barack Obama did actually deliver this year was not that which most voters had in mind after listening to him use the word incessantly , all throughout 2008 .
Obama and his colleagues have now managed to bring the future of the Democratic Party into question , just a year after it won two smashing victories in a row .
Personally , I 'm not real bothered by that .
Today 's Democrats are , almost without exception , embarrassing hacks who deserved to get stomped a long time ago .
What really upsets me , however , is what these fools have allowed to be done to the name of progressivism , and to the country .
Barack Obama has now , in just a year 's time , become the single most inept president perhaps in all of American history , and certainly in my lifetime .
Never has so much political advantage been pissed away so rapidly , and what 's more in the context of so much national urgency and crisis .
It 's astonishing , really , to contemplate how much has been lost in a single year .
It was hilarious , of course , when Michelle Bachmann invoked the Charge of the Light Brigade at a rally against " Obama 's " ( has he ever really owned it ? ) health care " initiative " ( is n't that too strong a word to use ? ) , quite oblivious to the fact that the actual historical event was one of history 's greatest debacles .
Obama , on the other hand , seems to be actually reliving the famous cock - up in the flesh .
Except , of course , that he does n't really " charge " at anything .
He just talks about things , thinks about things a real long time , defers to others on things , and waits around for things to maybe happen .
This week , though , something actually did happen .
Alas , not precisely what the president had in mind , however .
But the election in Massachusetts was only slightly less inevitable than the sun rising in the east each morning .
It was the product of an amazing collection of abysmal choices and practices over the last year that has produced a meltdown of equally amazing proportions for this president and his party .
It is fitting that it comes on the anniversary of the president 's inauguration , a moment filled with so much hope for so many just a year ago .
What has Obama - this Conan O'Brien of presidents - done wrong in order to produce this devastating outcome ?
The short answer is : Just about everything imaginable .
More specifically :
* He does not lead .
Americans , especially in times of crisis , want their daddy - president to pick a point on the horizon and lead them to it .
Often - especially in the short term - they do n't even care that much which point it is .
They will happily follow a president whose policies they oppose if he will but lead .
* And if he will demonstrate some conviction .
I have never seen a president so utterly lacking in passion .
This man literally does n't even seem to care about himself , let alone this or that policy issue .
He does n't seem to have any strong opinions on anything , a sure prescription for presidential failure .
* He has therefore let Congress ‘ lead ' on nearly every issue , another surefire mistake .
Instead of demanding that they pass real stimulus legislation - which would have really stimulated the economy , big - time , and right now - he let those dickheads on the Hill just load up a big pork party blivet of a bill with all the pet projects they could find , designed purely to benefit their personal standing with the voters at home , rather than to actually produce jobs for Americans .
And on health care , his signature issue , he did the same thing .
" You guys write it , and I 'll sign the check . "
Could there possibly be a greater prescription for failure than allowing a bunch of the most venal people on the planet to cobble together a 2,000 page monstrosity that entirely serves their interests and those of the people whose campaign bribes put them in office ?
* Well , yes , now that you mention it .
If you really want to bring your government crashing to the ground , why not spend endless months negotiating with vicious thugs , who will never vote for your legislation anyhow , because they are so entirely devoted to your destruction that they 're willing to call you a granny murderer ?
What a great and winning strategy !
* Another possible strategic move even stupider than deferring to Congress to write major legislation is to cozy up with the least popular people on the planet - including , in fact , the real - life granny killers .
Got an economy that is so raw it 's leaving thousands in literal peril of losing their lives ?
Why not draft some legislation to bail - out the people who created that mess and guarantee that they retain their multimillion dollar bonuses ?!?!
You know , the same folks who are always talking about how great capitalism is and how important it is to take risks !
The same ones who are always telling us how awful the government is - the same government that saved them from extinction .
Those folks .
That 's right , bail out with outrageous bonuses the very people who need it least and who caused billions of people around the planet to suffer , while leaving everyone else to fend for themselves !
That 'll raise your presidential job approval ratings every time !
And while you 're at it , bring in the much beloved health insurance and pharmaceutical corporate lobbyists , and negotiate a deal with them to craft your high profile health care legislation !
What voter can't get behind that ?
* Another brilliant presidential tactic is to be such a Mr. Happy Nice
Face that you acknowledge no enemies for the country , or even yourself .
Not the health care corporate vampires who suck the blood out of Americans from San Diego to Bangor , providing absolutely no value - added health service whatsoever , while denying treatment to deathly ill human beings at every opportunity , all to rake in billions more in profits .
Not the reckless pirates on Wall Street who bet all our money on insane gambles that wrecked the global economy , took government bail - out money to survive , and yet are still drowning in bonuses as rewards .
Not the Republican Party who spent three decades downsizing the middle class , plunging the country into wars based on lies , deregulating every protection in sight , fattening up corporate cronies , wrecking the environment , trashing the Constitution and polarizing the country politically .
And not even a catastrophic climate disaster speeding toward the planet with relentless determination .
No !
We must all be happy and talk nice !
No bad guys .
Not even the bad guys can be bad guys .
* While you 're at it , if you 're trying to run the most failed presidency ever , a really good idea is to campaign in the grandest terms possible , and then deliver squat .
You know , talk about bending the arc of history .
Invoke Martin Luther King 's dream and his struggles and even those of the slaves .
Ring the big bells of generational calling .
Remind voters every thirty seconds that the country badly needs " Change ! " .
Then get elected and turn around and continue the policies of your hated predecessor in every meaningful policy area .
Only with less conviction .
People will love that .
* A related brilliant move is to mobilize a giant army of passionate volunteers dedicated to putting you in the White House , and then do nothing with them once you get there , other than taking them completely for granted and never calling upon them to do anything in support of your agenda .
Be sure to deflate their enthusiasm in every way possible .
* Even more importantly , if you 're trying to run your presidency into the ground you 'll definitely want to avoid mobilizing the general public behind your agenda .
To make sure that you do n't repeat the great legislative victories of FDR or LBJ or ( unfortunately ) Reagan or ( really unfortunately ) Little Bush , never use their method of appealing directly to the people .
Never express your legislative program as a moral imperative , a great calling to the nation .
Never attempt to rally the public behind your cause .
Never express any urgency .
And never call upon them to demand that Congress pass your bills .
Then , you can rest assured they wo n't !
* And let 's take it up a whole ‘ nuther level , while we 're on the subject .
A successful president is one who articulates a strong and compelling narrative for the nation .
So , in your quest to avoid rising even to mediocrity , be sure to leave a great big gaping canyon where that whole narrative thing is supposed to go .
No New Deal , no Great Society , no New Frontier or War on Terror for you .
Nope !
Just a thousand little projects with little non-solutions to big problems .
Hey , why not inject yourself into Cambridge , Massachusetts community police politics while you 're at it !
Or the New York State Democratic Party gubernatorial primary !
Or you could deliberate for weeks about which breed of dog to get for your kids !
That 's a great use of the president 's political capital !
* As long as you 're walking away from the grand narrative , why not let the opposition define you as well ?
Let them say anything imaginable about you , and never respond .
You 're a socialist !
No , you 're a fascist !
No , you 're both !
At the same time , no less !
You 're a granny killer !
You 're not really even an American !
You 're taking over the US for the Muslims !
You 're a massive taxer and spender !
You 're running around the world , apologizing for America everywhere you go !
No worries .
Just remember the golden rule , and your presidency is sure to sink :
Never engage , never respond , never preempt , never attack , never fight back .
* In general , you 'll also want to take the most important power the president has - the bully pulpit - and totally piss it away .
Appear everywhere at once , all the time , saying lots of nice words , about a thousand different issues .
But never with passion , never with compelling simplicity , never with repetition , and never with urgency .
Pretty soon you 'll turn being everywhere into being nowhere .
Everyone one will tune out your ubiquitous self .
Give up the high moral ground which is the most important asset of the office you hold , and you 'll make sure that no one ever listens to you anymore .
You will persuade the public of nothing .
Except that you are irrelevant .
* But you can do better still .
Help your enemies , so that they can crush you more effectively !
Start by not even realizing they are your enemies .
Then , treat them with greater respect than your friends , even though they 've run the country over a cliff .
Defer to them at every opportunity .
Consult with them even as they insult you to your face .
Allow them to run Congress , even though they have small minorities in both houses .
Never force them to vote against simple , popular legislation .
Never call their bluffs .
Never associate them with the destruction they 've caused .
Never label them the treasonous hypocritical liars that they are .
Help them to resuscitate the comatose near - corpse of their political party , just before it 's about to die , so it can rise up and savage you .
* Another great trick for crashing a presidency is to pick all the wrong priorities to ‘ fight ' for .
Imagine , for example , if FDR had substituted for his ‘ Day of Infamy ' speech right after Pearl Harbor a ringing call for an American revolution in cobbler technology !
Yes , that 's right , in response to the devastating surprise attack by the armed forces of the Empire of Japan , what if the president urgently called upon us all to start making really amazing shoes ?!
Before it 's too late , and we all get blisters on our feet !
Similarly , Mr. Obama , your spending the last year on ( jive ) health care and jetting around the world dipping your toes into foreign policy problems while Americans are losing their jobs and their houses is a fine way to kill your presidency .
Guaranteed to work every time .
* And , finally , perhaps the most important thing one can do - and the thing that helps explain many of the other items above - is to adopt really , really pathetic policies .
If you 're doing a stimulus bill , for example , make sure that it 's too little money , not targeted at real stimulative levers in the economy , costs a lot , does n't kick in for a year or two , gives away about a third of the money to ineffective pet projects for Republican while none of them vote for it anyhow , and leaves the unemployment rate stuck at a miserable ten percent .
Or , if you 're doing a bail - out of the banks for the purpose of producing the liquidity essential to restarting the economy , let them take bonuses as big as they want , and do n't actually require that they loan out to anyone the money you 've given them .
Or , how about spending nearly all your political capital on ‘ health care ' legislation , which is really an insurance company boondoggle bill instead ?
That 's really what the people want , eh ?
No wonder Obama 's not out there writing the narrative , fighting the good fight or crushing his enemies .
Even he can't get excited about his own priorities , so extraordinarily abysmal are they .
All of this represents the best prescription I can imagine for wrecking a presidency , and Obama has followed it with exacting precision .
Indeed , doing so would appear to be his only real passion .
It 's almost as if he were a Republican sleeper politician in some party politics version of the Manchurian Candidate , planted to arise on cue and destroy the Democratic Party from within .
And thus - while anything 's possible , of course - I am hard pressed to see how the Obama administration is anything but finished .
Consider his options from here .
He could turn to the right , like Clinton did in 1994 .
But the first problem is that he 's already there .
If you look carefully at his policies , he is basically running George Bush 's third term .
Regressives ( conveniently ) forget that .
They call him weak on national security , even while he dramatically escalates the war in Afghanistan , hardly draws down in Iraq , breaks his own promise to close Gitmo , and smashes through the $ 700 billion mark in military spending for the first time , not even counting Afghanistan 's costs .
They ignore his Bush - cloned policies on state secrets , renditions , executive power and other civil liberties issues .
They forget that Bush 's health care bill was far more socialistic and far more fiscally irresponsible than Obama's , and that his bail - outs and stimulus actions were almost identical .
So , in short , for Obama to turn to starboard at this point would literally require him to outflank the GOP to its right .
Moreover , the Limbaughs and Becks and Palins would still excoriate him , no matter what .
Worse still , such policies would only make the lives of ordinary Americans a lot worse , just as they have been doing for thirty years now .
So what could be gained by a turn to the right ?
Second , he could go small - bore , as Clinton also did in the 1990s .
But , of course , these are n't the 1990s .
FDR did n't win four terms during a Great Depression and a world war by focusing on school uniforms and V - chips .
This is not the 1930s or 1940s , but it 's close .
People are hurting , frightened and angry .
Obama is suffering badly already because he is not addressing their very tangible concerns .
More of the same policy - wise will produce more of the same politically .
Going this route , he'd be lucky if the public was kind enough to let him finish his single term as a James Buchanan wannabe , then go home .
The obvious solution , of course , would be a sharp turn to the left .
Go where the real solutions are .
Fight the good fight .
Call liars ‘ liars ' and thieves ‘ thieves ' .
Do the people 's business .
Become their advocate against the monsters bleeding them dry .
Create jobs .
Build infrastructure .
Do real national health care .
End the wars .
Dramatically slash military spending .
Produce actual educational reform .
Launch a massive green energy / jobs program .
Get serious about global warming .
Kick ass on campaign finance reform .
Fight for gay rights .
Restore the New Deal era regulatory framework and expand it .
Restore a fair taxation structure .
Rewrite trade agreements that undermine American jobs .
Rebuild unions .
Fill the spate of vacancies in the federal judiciary , and load those seats up with progressives .
Rally the public to demand that Congress act on your agenda .
Humiliate the regressives in and out of the GOP for their abysmal sell - out policies .
All of this could be done , and most of it would be very popular , especially if it was backed by an aggressive and righteously angry Oval Office advocate for the people who knew how to use the bully pulpit to shape the narrative , to market ideas , and to mobilize public support .
But I doubt Obama has anything like the constitution for that sort of presidency .
I think his personal disposition is so strongly controlling of his politics that he would rather preside as a three year lame - duck over a failed one - term presidency , than actually throw an elbow or two and make anyone uncomfortable .
Think how unpleasant it would be .
Moreover , by blundering during the only chance he 'll ever have at introducing his presidency , he 's now created an additional set of problems for himself which may well be insurmountable , even if he were to now try to live up to his campaign billing .
He needs Democratic votes in Congress to do much of anything , but they 're all focused on the looming tsunami of next November .
The very same people who might have swallowed hard and reluctantly followed the lead of inspirational new president Obama one year ago , today will join everyone else in the world and spit in the eye of useless , feeble , washed - up Barack .
He 's got zero leverage over his own party in Congress now .
As for the public , it 's gonna be pretty hard to now market himself as the great enemy of the people 's enemies , when he 's just finished a year of making secret sweetheart deals that benefit Wall Street bankers , health insurance pirates , and pharmaceutical predators , all while leaving his own base and the public he 's supposed to be serving out in the rain .
Politicians can reinvent themselves , but you need time and there are certain limits of plausibility that cannot be ignored , any more than you can ignore the laws of physics .
Of course , I do n't give a shit about Barack Obama anymore , other than my desire that really ugly things happen to him as payment in kind for the grandest act of betrayal we 've seen since Benedict Arnold did his thing .
But what about the country ?
Not so good there , either , I 'm afraid .
What happens when you have two parties to choose from , and one of them wrecks the country with dramatically evil policies so radical even backward America hates them , but then you turn to the other party , which spends an entire year on the campaign trail promising change , only to turn out nearly identical to the first lot when in government ?
What do you do ?
One option is to find another party .
To some extent that is happening , but absolutely not where it should be .
The tea partyers are the ‘ alternative ' vision for salvation in today 's America .
( Very ) unfortunately , they are not alternative in any sense , have almost no coherent vision whatsoever , and - as the possible third right - wing party for voters to choose from , out of three , obviously offer zero salvation whatsoever .
All the tea party lunatics seem to know is that they do n't like taxes and they do n't like federal spending .
But they can't even tell you what they 'd cut if they actually controlled the government .
My guess is that it would be nothing , just like the Republicans before them , or else they 'd slash entitlement spending , which would surely make them one of the flashiest flashes ever to get royally panned by the public .
The other option , which the voters are now exercising , is to continue a process begun in 2006 of voting for the party which is not the party in power .
Today , that means Republicans , as witnessed in Virginia , New Jersey and now Massachusetts .
The absurdity of this , of course , is that it was these exact same people who created this astonishingly thorough mess we find ourselves in .
What is Mitch McConnell or John Boehner or Sarah Palin going to do for Americans who do n't have jobs ?
Cut taxes they no longer pay ( and thus also further increase the national debt , by the way ) ?
What will they do for those same folks who 've lost their health insurance ?
Kill Democratic plans , even when they 're nothing but corporate giveaways anyhow ?
Americans will simply be more sick , more broke and more unemployed two , four or six years from now than they are at this moment , if they put the Republicans back in control of the government .
Of course , there 's one other possibility , which is that this time the Cheney Party goes balls - to - the - wall , bringing down on our heads a full - on fascist dictatorship , serving corporate interests in total , and likely launching a couple of good wars abroad to complement the complete repression of dissent and freedom of expression at home .
Ridiculous ?
I try pretty hard every day - and it takes some work - to keep my most apocalyptic totalitarian nightmares for this country in check .
But think about this chronological sequence for a second :
The Democrats get killed in November for doing nothing while the public suffers .
But they are still seen as the party in power in 2012 , so they get killed even worse , with Obama sent packing and Palin or her equivalent moving into 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue .
But the new radical GOP regime 's policies are even more detrimental to voters than Bush 's or Obama's .
Maybe the public is distracted for a year or two by some bullshit foreign policy ‘ crisis ' or another , but pretty soon they 're getting real restless .
After about six years now of suffering badly , they 're getting real surly , and ‘ anti- incumbent ' does n't begin to describe the mood of the country .
Now they really want some serious change .
Of course , anything can happen - but which part of that sequence seems improbable ?
And if the answer is none , then the salient question becomes :
What does the regime do at that point , faced with an angry mob ?
What are the Dick Cheneys and Sarah Palins of this world committed to ?
What are they capable of when pressed ?
I do n't think those questions really require a response .
I think we all know pretty well the answers .
This is the country that Obama - the great Hope guy - is bequeathing us .
Dante said " The hottest places in hell are reserved for those who in times of great moral crises maintain their neutrality " .
Better stock up on the mist sprayers , Barack .
But they eventually had to move him out when he grew too large for the three of them to share the same sheets .
Gore ’s choice
How Al Gore requested a change of inconvenient figure one in Brioni typeface for his book Our Choice .
Last summer , I received a phone call from Michael , a designer from mgmtdesign in Brooklyn , New York .
After the initial how - do - you - do ’s , he explained that they were designing a new book for Al Gore , Our Choice , the sequel to An Inconvenient Truth .
“ Great project ” , I said .
And it got even better .
They had chosen Brioni , one of our typefaces , for the body text .
“ And this is why I am calling now ” , said Michael , his voice dropping a level .
“ You see , Al is really involved with the project and we spend a lot of time working together in the publisher ’s office .
When he was reviewing the proofs , he had a comment about the typeface . ”
I took a deep breath and asked what the comment was .
“ Basically , he wants you to change the numeral one . ”
“ Interesting ” , I said .
“ And how did he come to this conclusion ? ”
“ Well , in the book there ’re a lot of examples of scientific nomenclature and this particular numeral one is causing confusion when it ’s combined with capitals . ”
Brioni is a book typeface and comes with old style figures .
Because of the fairly low x-height , the numeral one looks like a Roman one , like a shorter version of a capital letter I .
It looks very elegant , but when combined into acronyms , it could be confusing .
“ OK , we ’ll have a look . ”
I called Nikola , the author of the font , and informed him of the situation .
“ Hi Nikola , Al Gore wants you to change the numeral one in Brioni . ”
“ Huh ? ! ”
I explained , and Nikola agreed to make some modifications .
That same day , we sketched alternatives , printed samples , tweaked it a bit further , made new fonts , sent them to New York , and waited for the reaction .
A short email arrived the next day .
Al liked the change .
“ There was a great cheer from upstairs when they presented the layouts in question to Al .
So I would say that it is good to go ” , the email read .
Al was right .
The new numeral is a lot less confusing when combined with letters .
We already changed it for all other weights of Brioni .
We ’ll call this ‘ Gore ’s choice ’ .
. . .
If you have purchased a licence to Brioni , you can download a free update of the fonts from your online account .
Image of pyramidal neurons in mouse cerebral cortex expressing green fluorescent protein .
The red staining indicates GABAergic interneurons .
( Source PLoS Biology ) .
Image via Wikimedia Commons .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
In a scientific first , researchers have been able to demonstrate the ability of humans to control the activity of individual brain cells .
Scientists examining single neurons in the human brain have successfully identified individual brain cells responding to particular stimuli such as pictures of individual people and objects .
They have also found that people can control the firing of the neurons .
The research studied volunteers with epilepsy who had electrodes implanted in their brains to track where their seizures originated .
The electrodes were used by the researchers to " eavesdrop " on single cells in the medial temporal lobe , an area important for attention , perception and memory .
Dr. Moran Cerf of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena and colleagues conducted their experiment by showing the subjects images of people , places or objects that were familiar to them , including pictures of celebrities such as Michael Jackson , Marilyn Monroe , and Bill Clinton .
They then looked for the neurons that fired when the subject was shown each image .
In each of the subjects they found individual neurons fired when the person looked at a specific image .
So there was a " Michael Jackson neuron " , a " Marilyn Monroe neuron " , and others that fired when the person was shown an image of the Eiffel tower , a spider , or other familiar objects or places .
When the neurons corresponding to particular images had been identified , the researchers hooked the electrodes up to a computer that displayed the image corresponding to the neuron that fired .
The subject was then asked to think about one of the images .
So , for example , a subject was asked to think about Marilyn Monroe .
The Marilyn Monroe neuron in the subject 's brain fired , and the information was relayed to the computer , which then displayed Monroe 's image .
Another experiment designed to test how well the subjects could control the single neurons was a fade experiment in which the subject was shown a combined image of two faces : Josh Brolin ( star of Goonies ) and Marilyn Monroe , and told to think of Josh Brolin .
The electrodes sent data on the Josh Brolin and Marilyn Monroe neurons to the computer , which brightened the image of the one causing most neuron firing .
As the subject thought of Brolin , the image of Monroe faded out .
A total of ten patients took part in the fade experiment and were able to successfully control the fading 60 - 90 percent of the time , but they improved with practice .
The findings may help scientists understand the cognitive processes and how individual brain cells respond to particular stimuli .
This information may find application in building machines that can be controlled by human thoughts , which could help people who cannot move , such as those suffering from quadriplegia .
Dr. Cerf presented the findings at the annual meeting of the Society for Neuroscience on 19 October .
© 2009 PhysOrg.com
Although Australia has a drinking culture , people in the UK drink more Australian police are beginning their biggest co-ordinated operation to curb alcohol - related violence nationwide .
Operation Unite , deploying thousands of extra officers , will be the most widespread and concerted blitz in Australia and will last for two nights .
It is an attempt to send the message that excessive alcohol consumption and bad behaviour will not be tolerated .
Alcohol - related violence , including sexual assaults and fights , has nearly doubled in the past decade and a half .
Drinking age calls
This weekend police will flood into towns and cities in an unprecedented show of force .
Our casual approach to drinking in our society is actually destroying lives and destroying people
Alan Morrison
New South Wales Ambulance Service
Your comments on this story Undercover officers will join their uniformed colleagues along with dog squads and mounted units .
" If you intend to go out and get paralytic and vomit and fight and abuse people and damage property then there is no real place for you on our streets , " Sydney Police Commissioner Andrew Scipione was quoted by Australian Associated Press news agency .
One thousand extra police will be patrolling in Sydney .
The crackdown ends at 0600 local time on Monday .
Each week the abuse of alcohol kills on average more than 60 Australians , while 1,500 end up in hospital .
Alan Morrison from the New South Wales Ambulance Service says what he calls an epidemic of self - destruction must be addressed .
" There certainly is a cultural acceptance of drinking in Australia and I 'm not sure I understand why that is the case .
" I see the effects of it all the time and I think most people do n't come into contact with the kind of things paramedics or police or emergency departments see to understand that our casual approach to drinking in our society is actually destroying lives and destroying people , " he said .
NICK BRYANT'S AUSTRALIA
When people conjure up a mental image of the Australian good life , something chilled is often in the picture .
Read Nick 's thoughts in full Health workers have called on the government to raise the legal drinking age from 18 to 19 .
Neurological experts have warned that binge drinking could be inflicting untold damage on the brains of young Australians .
Although this country has always had a boozy reputation , it ranks about 20th in the global alcohol consumption league table .
People in Britain , for example , drink about 25 % more than their Australian counterparts .
Some historians say Australia 's love affair with the bottle has always been exaggerated .
In a recent history of Australian drinking , the authors said barely 50 % of Australians are motivated to drink on a daily or weekly basis ; one in 10 Australians [ has ] never drunk a full serve of alcohol , another 7 % are ex-drinkers , and a third of the population [ enjoys ] a drink now and then .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Hoping for an ice - free future ( Image : Kent Knudson / PhotoLink / Getty )
BLIZZARD - bound motorists wo n’t have to wait for a salting truck or snow plough to clear the way if a “ self - heating ” road takes off .
While salting disperses ice and snow , the salty run-off corrodes the steel rods that reinforce roads and bridge decks , and also damages vehicles .
With the US government striving to improve its road infrastructure after a fatal bridge collapse in Minnesota in 2007 , new methods to clear snow without damaging structures are being sought .
One such method , being developed by Christiana Chang at the University of Houston , Texas , and colleagues …
MakerBot showed off their new Cupcake CNC at the Consumer Electronics Show and there was a constant crowd trying to get a glimpse at the 3 - D plastic printer .
Basically the printer draws each layer of a design , then draws the next on top of it .
According to a MakerBot press release it works just like a glue gun .
To get a sense of how it works , imagine an extremely accurate , programmable glue gun .
The Cupcake CNC starts by drawing a picture of the first layer of your object in plastic .
It then raises the extruder up 1 /3rd of a millimeter and draws the next layer .
When all the layers are complete , you ’ve manufactured a 3D object from your own or an open source design .
The device serves — a DIY kit itself– as a good glimpse into the subculture of do - it - yourself technology .
While it ’s not financially connected to Make Magazine or the popular open - source Audrino chip and operating system , MakerBot ’s founder Bre Pettis has plenty of connections .
Pettis created videos for Make Magazine and the MakerBot printer runs on the Audrino system .
The first few printers that come up on a Google search are $ 14,900 and $ 35,000 , and the cheapest one on EBay is 4,999.98 , so at $ 950 the MakerBot printer is a bit easier on the pocket book .
The printer can be used to make a robot shell for one of the many robotics kits out there or make a little gondola for a blimp kit .
At even the low price of $ 950 , the MakerBot 3 - D printer is a bit rich for the occasional tinkerer , but since the DIY movement is incredibly well connected , it could make a great addition to a local hackerspace and would be quite affordable if a few members split the cost .
Renting out the MakerBot to other local makers could make up for a lot of the costs as well , though I did n’t find anything on Craigslist , talking to local makers could put one on the right track .
All in all , the MakerBot printer is a really interesting step in DIY tech and gets techies closer to putting their imaginations instead of their money into their new gizmo .
Below is some more video of the MakerBot printer in action at the 2010 CES .
Google 's much - anticipated new phone , the HTC - designed Nexus One , could make its debut next week .
Google has scheduled a press event for Tuesday , January 5 at its Mountain View , California , headquarters .
Though the company has n't mentioned Nexus One , the invitation mentions Android , Google 's mobile operating system for phones , and the company is widely expected to show the device that has had smartphone industry watchers buzzing for weeks .
The invitation - only event will be held two days before the Consumer Electronics Show begins in Las Vegas and just one day before many CES exhibitors have scheduled major press conferences .
It 's a move straight out of the Apple playbook .
In January , 2007 , Apple famously upstaged CES when it unveiled the first iPhone at an event in San Francisco – even as most technology journalists and executives were huddled in Las Vegas for the trade show .
Google has n't commented about Nexus One .
But recent online leaks suggest the Nexus One will be a GSM - device with a 3.7 - inch AMOLED touchscreen , 5 - megapixel camera , Wi-Fi connectivity , accelerometer and compass .
It is expected to run the latest version of the Android operating system , Android 2.1 .
Where Google could really innovate is how the phone is sold .
The Nexus One is likely to be sold unlocked , which means consumers do n't have to be tied into long - term contracts with telecom carriers .
T - Mobile , which offered the first Google phone , could provide " billing , coverage , features and rate plans , " says TMONews , a blog that tracks T - Mobile .
The Nexus One could also go on sale the morning of Jan. 5 , says the site , though there 's no word yet on possible pricing .
Will Google offer expensive unlocked handsets in the United States – a la Nokia – or can it come up with a clever model to subsidize the device cost through mobile advertising or carrier support ?
Google 's press conference next week should answer that question .
See Also :
Photo : Cory O’Brien
An Ungodly Joke
Evidently confusing Christmas with April Fool 's Day , the Financial Times has named Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein their Person of the Year , applauding the ethical vaccum that allowed him to post record profits and $ 23 billion bonuses when so many are suffering .
What planet do these people inhabit ?
Read more
A fresh outbreak of Covid 19 in a meat plant in Waterford this week brings to a total of 44 the number of clusters in meat plants across the State in the past 6 months , or some 1,600 confirmed cases of the virus .
One cluster is unfortunate , two might be carelessness , but forty - four is capitalism .
The sustained outbreaks of COVID 19 in Ireland ’s meat plants reveal how the meat industry and its management really operate on the basis of unchecked power and exploitation .
And that ’s a problem for us all .
Photo : Standing room only .
Meat plant workers on the 6 am bus to work in Waterford .
Credit : @ Deisesupes
>>
01/03/10 ( Sun ) 03:18 No.7403609 >>7403236
Case in point on this : we recently had the party confront a group of their enemies ' minions , including a female follower of this villainess who 's hopelessly infatuated with one of the PCs ( long story ) .
Anyway , the party fights them a few times , ends up briefly cooperating with them when their interests coincide , and over time this follower finds out the PC in question is every bit the cool guy she 's heard , and begins to consider defecting to the players ' side .
The PC party convinces her to do so , which of course prompts one of the rest of her group , nasty bugger that he is , to try and assassinate her .
She was n't that important story - wise , nor did the PC really need another love interest , so I decided I 'd probably have the assassin kill her off in an attempt to motivate the players .
Now , the aforementioned PC is quite difficult to catch off - guard , so he happens to catch the assassin right after she 's been stabbed , preventing her from being finished off , as the assassin now has to deal with escaping from one very enraged PC .
Meanwhile , another PC attends to the female NPC , who is very badly wounded , not to mention poisoned .
I decide it 'll be a very difficult roll inded to save her at this point , something on the order of - 8 or - 10 or so .
But the guy rolls a critical success , all while the other PC proceeds to kick the ass of the assassin .
So , no point in trying to railroad things at this point - good end it is , at least for now .
My point here is , even if you do decide to kill off that NPC , do give the party a fair chance to save him if that would be remotely plausible .
But do not make it too easy for them , either .
Comments by Mike Adams , the Health Ranger
( Natural News ) The Journal of Hospital Infection is set to publish three papers in its January issue that discuss new research about the antimicrobial properties of copper .
Studies are showing that copper is highly resistant to bacteria and that it may be a viable biocide to use in hospitals where superbugs like methicillin - resistant Staphylococcus aureus ( MRSA ) run rampant .
Researchers from University Hospital Birmingham discovered that toilet and bathroom surfaces that were replaced with copper components had 90 to 100 percent fewer live bacteria living on them than did conventional surfaces .
A health - care facility in Western Cape , South Africa saw similar results on their copper - overlaid surfaces , noting a 71 - percent reduction in microbial contamination versus the other surfaces .
In Scotland , copper - based disinfectants have been used for years to clean hospitals as have micro- fiber mops and towels which are known to attract and draw bacteria from surfaces .
Though typically difficult to disinfect , the copper - based disinfectants were found to work remarkably well at disinfecting the micro- fiber cleaning tools and continue their cleansing work throughout the day .
Based on the many reports from various facilities about the antimicrobial power of copper , researchers are convinced that copper has great potential for helping to control bacteria in hospitals and other health - care facilities .
They hope that further research will help formulate solutions for preventing the onset of serious hospital infections like MRSA that claim the lives of many patients .
Because copper is a natural , non - toxic metal that is highly effective at resisting bacteria , its potential uses are many in the health - care industry .
This research on copper is " new " old information .
This knowledge has been used for centuries to help keep beverages fresh in storage containers ( long before modern refrigeration ) .
Both copper and silver have natural antibacterial properties .
( http://www.indiadivine.org/audarya/ayurveda/...
Modern medicine , sadly , has thrown out all knowledge it did n't discover itself , and that includes these simple truths about the antibacterial properties of certain metals .
To this day , the FDA continues its attacks against colloidal silver , and the EPA has even joined the fray to try to outlaw colloidal silver as a " pollutant .
"
The same tactics will , in time , be used to try to outlaw copper used for medicinal purposes .
Why ?
Because natural metal - based antibacterial substances compete head - on with high - profitand anti-bacterial soaps .
The drug companies and chemical companies that manufacture such products would much prefer patients and medical staff consume soaps and pills that have to be repeatedly purchased rather than rely on solid - state technology likethat never need to be replaced .
Copper doorknobs , it seems , work so well they 're bad for business .
The US military is the best .
You who have served know that .
I learned that when I served in the USAF .
Our military people are committed , hard working and selfless .
Unfortunately , we as a country have opted to save money by contracting out many of our military responsibilities .
But there are no savings .
According to the Congressional Budget Office , the cost of hiring private guards versus using US military units is the same .
The problem with hiring private contractors ?
The damage to our country ’s reputation .
Remember the guards in Kabul ?
The ones who created a den of inequity with photos of their disgusting parties ?
Then , there are companies like KBR whose contracts allow its employees to rape and discriminate workers with no recourse .
And , now , The New York Times reports that Blackwater private security guards acted as CIA agents in Iraq , blurring the roles between government and private agencies .
The rules of conduct for these contractors are not well - defined .
Accountability is hard to find .
The numbers are large .
In Iraq in 2008 , there were at least 190,000 contractors working directly for the US Department of Defense .
For every US military man or woman , there is one private contractor .
In the Vietnam War , that ratio was five to one .
We must stop using contractors who are hurting our reputation and return these jobs to our military .
We must ensure that we are using US military personnel where our reputation is at stake .
We take the high road , and we do the right thing .
Now is the time to put our military where they are needed and remove the contractors who are hurting our reputation and ultimately harming the very values of the United States of America .
As a nice middle - of - the - road counterpoint to the flab of Terrence Cody and the idealized manhood of Greg Oden , here are some Blackhawks shirtless in a limo .
Advertisement
The vital Canucks blog Orland Kurtenblog got their hands on these beauties today , which , best they can tell , were taken during Chicago 's road trip to Vancouver this weekend .
And sure enough , Patrick Kane , seen above ( with pants unbuckled ) , told ESPN Chicago how much he loves the Pacific Northwest .
Kane likes coming to Vancouver .
" The weather is pretty nice right now and you see a lot of pretty girls walking up and down the streets so obviously that 's a good thing .
And it 's a hockey city too , so you have fun with that . "
Advertisement
Well , I 'll say this for Kane : at least he 's not taking taxis any more .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
John Madden , meanwhile , gets his flex on while holding a champagne flute , and Kris Versteeg does n't mind being touched .
All are auditioning for the Flyers , apparently .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Chicago Blackhawks Remind Us That Mugging For Pictures With Shirts
Off is a Questionable Decision at Best [ Orland Kurtenblog ]
(1) Goldman would need to make a credible commitment to employees to “ take care of them next year . ”
But any legally binding commitment would be as good as a cash bonus ( who knows , they could even be traded over - the - counter ) .
And any verbal promises would be completely noncredible -- among other things , Goldman cannot know for sure how the coming perfect storm will play out : the supertax on bankers in Europe , Sheila Bair ’s good idea of tying deposit insurance premiums to the risk in banks ’ compensation structures , Hank Paulson ’s memoir on February 1 , Chris Dodd ’s resignation and the collapse of any meaningful Obama financial reform -- allowing the Democrats to wake up to how they can run hard against Big Finance in 2010 , etc .
And besides , how much would you trust your boss at Goldman ?
The old culture there is gone .
(2) For all their communication blunders in recent months ( internally they wince at “ God ’s work “ ) , the responsible executives think they can hide the size of the bonuses or talk more about how stock and option grants encourage the right kind of behavior or put in some sophisticated clawback language .
Some of the best lawyers in the country are working very hard on this question , but it ’s all for naught .
The headline bonus number will be at least $ 20 billion and if they try to hide this with sophisticated mumbo- jumbo , that will only bring greater attention and spread the pain over many news cycles as we run through denials , further exposures , more denials , and damning details .
When you ’re in a hole , stop digging -- Goldman is talking with top p.r. consultants ; perhaps they should bring in Tiger Woods to advise on this point .
(3) The most important reason is also Goldman ’s greatest weakness :
Throughout the organization , people really think they are worth the money .
But remember these facts and keep track of how many times you hear them repeated : Goldman Sachs essentially failed in September 2008 ; it was saved by extraordinary and unprecedented government efforts at the end of September and subsequently ( particularly through its conversion to a bank holding company , which gave access to the Fed ’s discount window ) ; partly this treatment was shaped by the special favor with which Hank Paulson viewed Goldman ( documented in nauseating detail in Andrew Ross Sorkin ’s Too Big To Fail ) ; and the strategy of allowing Goldman to recapitalize through taking huge risk with an unconditional government guarantee in 2009 only makes sense if they use the proceeds to boost their capital -- not if they pay out massive bonuses .
In any reasonable economic analysis , the entire bonus pool at Goldman should be paid -- with gracious thanks -- to the government .
The refrain that will be repeated by Goldman executives is :
We need to pay the bonuses in order to keep the best people .
But think about this like a stockholder for a moment -- where exactly would these people go to work if this year ’s bonus is set at zero ?
Want to vent your fury about net censorship ?
Bernard Keane offers some tips for making your correspondence to your local MP as painful as possible , drawn from his sordid , blood - soaked and adventure - filled time as a public servant .
If your first instinct upon hearing about the Rudd - Conroy plan to censor the internet is to email Stephen Conroy , your local member and Labor senators from your state to protest , wait up .
Or , in fact , do it anyway , then read this .
Let me explain some facts about writing to ministers , drawn from my sordid , blood - soaked and adventure - filled time as a public servant .
For a start , understand that few ministers if any read their correspondence .
It ’s not that they do n’t care , it ’s that it ’s not humanly possible to read even a fraction of the amount of emails , faxes and letters they get .
So the chances of you directly influencing a Minister with your particularly brilliant insight into the issue are zip .
Deal with it .
Things do n’t work like that .
Their staff will read correspondence , but only when considering a reply prepared by their Department .
And that is only a small proportion of the actual volume of correspondence received .
Some is answered directly by bureaucrats .
But much of it is simply binned .
Do n’t waste your time sending off a letter pre-prepared by some enthusiastic online advocacy group , where you sign at the bottom , endorsing the nicely - phrased sentiments at the top .
They ’re called “ campaign ” ministerials and are binned without being read or replied to ( but please do n’t tell the Friends of the ABC , who rely heavily on that technique , and have n’t had a letter to Canberra read for two decades ) .
Most non-campaign letters and emails – some departments still wo n’t reply to emails but demand your snail mail address , perhaps out of residual loyalty to Australia Post – are answered using what ’s called “ standard words ” – a reply that ostensibly covers the issue raised but which normally says as little as possible .
They say as little as possible because the mindset of bureaucrats and ministerial advisers is to keep as many options open as possible , except when there is a particular message that the Government wants to hammer .
Thanks for signing up
We look forward to seeing you bright and early with your need - to - know talking points and tidbits for the day ahead .
Get Crikey FREE to your inbox every weekday morning with the Crikey Worm .
Please enter your email address Sign up
Standard words are worked up by bureaucrats and edited and signed off by the Minister ’s staff when they ’re happy the words are risk - free or convey the desired message .
In most departments , they are then loaded into electronic ministerial correspondence systems .
This means a bureaucrat does n’t even need to cut - and - paste into a Word document , merely tell the system to use a particular set of standard words under the name , address , salutation and opening paragraph , which have all been electronically entered already .
So if you send off an angry email or letter about net filtering , all you ’ll likely get is an automatically - generated reply giving you the standard words on the issue .
There ’ll be minimal human involvement in the writing of it until it is stuffed into an envelope and dispatched .
You may not think it ’s very democratic or consultative , but it ’s a damn sight more efficient than processing correspondence by hand .
But if you ca n’t have any impact on policy , you can have an impact on the level of resources used to answer your letter .
And that resource is the time of bureaucrats – the same bureaucrats who advise Conroy on policy , and implement his decisions .
In most Departments , ministerial replies have to be approved by SES Band 1 officers before being sent to the Minister ’s office , which means many replies consume the precious time both of senior bureaucrats and ministerial advisers .
Many Departments also have formal agreements with Ministers that a certain proportion of correspondence will be answered within a certain period of time .
If they ’re not , more people have to be put into answering correspondence .
So if you want to consume as much of the Department of Broadband ’s time as possible , here ’s what to do .
There ’s not much you can do to avoid receiving a standard reply .
But you do n’t have to confine your missive to net filtering .
Throw in some other topics .
That means someone will have to put together a reply using standard words from different areas , which is a lot more complicated and ca n’t be done automatically .
Ask about the rollout of the National Broadband Network ( NBN ) .
That means someone in the NBN area has to provide some words .
Ask about Telstra .
That ’s another area entirely that has to provide input .
If there ’s three or four topics in your letter , bureaucrats will start arguing to avoid having to be responsible for it .
The NBN area will tell the net filtering area it ’s their responsibility to collate the response .
The net filtering area will try to off - load it to the Telstra area .
A Band 1 in one area will make changes and the whole lot will have to be re-approved by a Band 1 in another area .
Throw in something on Australia Post .
Ask about something obscure .
They may not have standard words at all and someone will have to actually prepare a proper reply .
You see , once your letter stops being a standard rant about filtering and requires actual work , the amount of time taken to prepare a response can snowball dramatically .
You can also use the Government ’s system for allocating correspondence .
As a start , always write to your MP first , even if it ’s a Coalition MP .
They will send the letter to Conroy and ask for a response to provide to you .
MPs – even Opposition MPs – must get a response no matter what , as part of the civilities of politics , and it normally has to come from the Minister himself .
But write to other Ministers as well .
Ask Kim Carr what the impact of filtering will be on Australia ’s IT industry .
Ask Jenny Macklin what impact she thinks it will have on families .
Ask Robert McClelland what the penalties will be for breaches of the mandatory filtering requirements .
And ask Kevin Rudd how a Government that understands the need to bring Australia ’s online infrastructure into the 21st century wants to drag it back to the 19th when it comes to content regulation .
All of those letters will have to go from the recipient ’s department to Conroy ’s Department for a response , then back to the originating Department , where they might add some additional material of their own .
If you come up with a particularly complicated issue , the bureaucrats might start disagreeing with each other .
Innovation bureaucrats might think Broadband ’s net filter standard words does n’t quite answer your question and want something else .
And do n’t ask the same questions in different letters , otherwise they ’ll bin them and tell you they understand you ’ve separately written to your MP / another Minister / Kevin Rudd and here ’s your job lot reply .
Ask different questions and raise different issues .
And be pleasant .
Apart from anything else , if there ’s too much abuse in a letter , it gets thrown out ( quite rightly ) .
But these are decent , hard - working bureaucrats and regardless of what you think of Stephen Conroy , they deserve civility and respect .
Most of all , get your friends , acquaintances , family members , work colleagues , passing strangers , all writing .
The bureaucratic capacity to handle ministerial correspondence is a lot like the net filters trialled earlier this year .
At low levels of traffic they work OK , but once the traffic picks up , things start to choke up .
That ’s when Stephen Conroy and his office might start to notice that things are slowing down .
Democrats are preparing to throw the race card back in the laps of Republicans as part of a counter attack designed to help save Harry Reid 's political career .
Dems launch defense to save Reid
Democrats are preparing to throw the race card back in the laps of Republicans as part of a counterattack designed to help save Harry Reid ’s political career .
First , Reid ’s allies plan to distribute the NAACP vote ratings of Republican senators who have scolded him .
The data will be made available to editorial boards , cable programs and the blogosphere — including votes on minimum wage , community - oriented policing , education funding and HIV / AIDS programs .
Advertisement
Separately , the Congressional Black Caucus plans to issue a new statement Monday , defending Reid and brushing back Republicans .
“ Senator Reid ’s record provides a stark contrast to actions of Republicans to block legislation that would benefit poor and minority communities — most recently reflected in Republican opposition to the health bill now under consideration , ” CBC Chairwoman Barbara Lee ( D - Calif . ) said .
“ I look forward to Senator Reid continuing to serve as Majority Leader to guide this important agenda through the Senate . ”
These moves to turn the race issue back onto Republicans is risky , yet it shows how Reid and his allies are ready to pull out all the stops to help the majority leader recover from his disastrous comments about Barack Obama being “ light - skinned ” and having no “ Negro dialect . ”
The comments were revealed in the book “ Game Change ” by journalists John Heilemann and Mark Halperin .
“ There are some Republicans who are trying to use this for political advantage , ” said a source close to the Reid camp .
“ If Senators [ Jon ] Kyl , [ John ] Cornyn and others want to have an open and honest debate about race — and if they want to discuss their records on issues of importance to the African - American community — we welcome that dialogue .
But we are not going to stand idly by while hypocritical Republicans take swipes at Senator Reid , distorting his record of achievement and their own record of failure . ”
Top Democrats tell POLITICO that they have no doubt that that Reid , a former amateur boxer , will keep fighting and survive in his leadership job .
Indeed , Reid ’s racial flub is already turning out differently than the one made by Majority Leader Trent Lott ( R - Miss . ) in 2002 .
When Lott made a nostalgic remark about the segregationist Dixiecrat presidential run of Strom Thurmond , his Republican allies quickly abandoned him .
Democrats are sticking by Reid so far .
Sen. Charles Schumer of New York , the No. 3 Democrat , is said to be quite certain Reid would ride out the controversy , particularly because Obama and the Rev. Al Sharpton had accepted Reid 's apology and issued effusively supportive statements .
" It 's not a shock to any Democrat that Harry Reid is not the best spokesman , " said an aide to a top Democratic senator .
" But he made a heartfelt apology . "
Reid has also indicated that he felt burned by the authors of the book who revealed the “ Negro dialect ” comments .
The book says Reid made the remark “ privately , ” but does not say to whom .
In an “ Author ’s Note , ” Heilemann and Halperin describe the terms of their interviews : “ All of our interviews — from those with junior staffers to those with the candidates themselves — were conducted on a ‘ deep background ’ basis , which means we agreed not to identify the subjects as sources in any way . ”
But while the NAACP , the black caucus and Reid allies close ranks around the majority leader , Republicans are also planning a new line of attack on Monday .
In a preview of a likely Republican argument in the days ahead , Karl Rove said in a telephone interview : “ If you did n’t accept Lott ’s apology , to be consistent , would n’t have to reject Reid ’s , as well ? ”
On Monday , the National Republican Senatorial Committee is sending out home - state news releases reprising critical comments Democratic senators had made about Lott after his racial gaffe .
Republicans say they plan to press reporters to ask Reid what he really meant when he described a “ light - skinned ” African - American “ with no Negro dialect , unless he wanted to have one . ”
“ Harry Reid does n’t just owe people an apology — he owes them an explanation ” of why he was even using such terms , said Ed Gillespie , former counselor to President George W. Bush .
While Reid ’s surrogates battle it out with Republicans , the incident once again highlights what Democrats acknowledge is one of Reid ’s weaknesses as the leader of Senate Democrats — he ’s neither a savvy public figure nor a gifted speaker , and he ’s his own worst enemy when he goes off script .
Reid once asked a reporter whether she “ spoke English ” and urged her to “ turn up your Miracle Ear . ”
He once said you can tell it ’s summertime at the Capitol “ because you can smell the visitors , [ who ] stand out in the high humidity , heat , and they sweat . ”
He called President George W. Bush a “ loser , ” Justice Clarence Thomas “ an embarrassment ” and Bill Frist , his predecessor as majority leader , “ amateurish . ”
He referred to Alan Greenspan as a “ hack . ”
And he had to backtrack after saying the U.S. was “ losing ” the war in Iraq .
Reid has been referred to as the “ accidental leader ” because he was picked when there was no heir apparent to South Dakota Democrat Tom Daschle when he lost in a historic upset in 2004 .
The senior senators at the time — including Sens. Chris Dodd and Tom Harkin , and then - Sens .
Ted Kennedy and Bob Graham — determined that Reid as leader would not upset their own internal power centers in the committees , so they picked Reid , according to colleagues .
Daschle acknowledged to POLITICO this fall that Reid was struggling : " Being Senate Majority Leader is tougher than loading frogs on a wheelbarrow .
He has limited tools and unlimited expectations .
And as the years unfold , the challenges mount . ”
What Reid has lacked in PR ability he has made up in vote counting and internal Senate maneuvering .
He has taken the Senate to the brink of passing the historic health reform bill , and he ’s managed to hold together a nearly unmanageable caucus of 58 Democrats and two unpredictable independents .
Aides tout his ability to find middle ground in a diverse caucus .
But none of that will matter if he ’s loses much more political capital in Washington and continues to trail badly in polls back home .
“ Nevada has always been his focus , ” said his Jim Manley , his senior communications adviser .
“ He may not be a showboat who brags about everything he ’s doing , but he fights hard for Nevada every day . ”
Meredith Shiner contributed to this report .
Thanks to the magic of the Internet , TPM stumbled onto a photo album of lovably wacky Republican National Committee Chairman Michael “ Moo ” Steele posing with his interns .
With permission from the photographer , Mark Odell , we present them to you .
Enjoy !
Odell Photos
Copyright © 2012 -2019 ty摩鑫官网 投资控股集团 版权所 有 粤ICP 备18004712号 - 1 网站地图（xml / html）
地 址：广东省广州市天河区498号 电 话：634016 传 真：+86-123-4567
摩鑫主管专注招商20年，具有丰富的招商经验，如您有注册、代理方面的需求，欢迎咨询平台主管，期待与您的合作！
In case you somehow managed to avoid the news : legendary Polish strongman competitor Mariusz Pudzianowski made his MMA debut at KSW 12 in Warsaw today , taking on Marcin " El Testosteron " Najman .
The fight had massive buzz in Poland - it even made the evening news on Polsat - and record - setting ratings are expected when the numbers are tallied .
So how did the beloved Pudzian fare ?
Well , apart from his wacky attempt at " boxing " in the first 15 seconds of the bout , about as well as one could have hoped .
Pudzianowski used his massive tree trunks legs to chop the base out from beneath Najman , sending the former pro boxer stumbling across the ring .
From there , it was just a matter of pounding away with brutal hammerfists until the terrified ref jumped in for the stoppage .
Where the strongman 's MMA career goes from here is anyone 's guess , but from the sound of Pudzianowski's post - fight comment , this was n't just a one - off thing .
Big props to MMArocks.pl for all of their coverage of this fight .
Poll Shows Which Voters Trump and Biden Need to Win Over in Debates
A recent WSJ / NBC poll found that only 29 % of voters consider the upcoming presidential debates important for helping them decide who to vote for in November .
But as WSJ ’s Gerald F. Seib explains , there are groups among those voters that are critical to win over for both candidates .
Photo : Mark Black / ZUMA
Wire
Subscribe and get comics in your inbox .
The Miserable Truth About Santa Claus
An illustrated meditation on who Santa really is .
Unwrapping a nice lustworthy gadget only to learn that some crucial part is sold separately can be a major drag .
But exercise patience :
It 's dumb to run to the first open store for HDMI cables and extra game controllers .
Advertisement
Beware of the Upsell
It 's something worth repeating every holiday season :
When retailers take a hit on TVs , they often make up the difference on ridiculously overpriced extras .
You may find a genuine deal or two on a big ticket item at a giant tech retailer like Best Buy , but , as far as I am concerned , you would have to be a damned fool to buy any of their extras and accessories .
You know about HDMI cables , but there 's a lot more profit - driven accessorizing where that came from .
Advertisement
Even if you already did buy the accessories needed for your gadget gifts , go online and do some calculations before you toss out those receipts .
You may want to return them when you see how much you could have saved .
As for late shoppers — listen up .
Getting batteries , cables , controllers , mounts and other necessities can really nickel - and - dime your holiday budget .
Time may be running out to shop , but that does n't mean you should allow retailers to take advantage of you .
Let 's go over this again .
Retailers like Best Buy are not above bending you over with sucker warranties and massively overpriced or deceptive services .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
And how about those high - margin extras ?
For example , I selected a random low - profile wall mount from Sanus designed for HDTVs measuring 30 to 60 inches diagonal .
It 's the kind of wall mount the average Joe would probably select for their new TV —a TV they may well have got a reasonable deal on .
Best Buy is selling it for $ 169 .
Buy.com is selling it via Amazon for $ 94 with free shipping .
Guess what , Best Buy — bite me .
I can wait for the UPS guy if it means saving $ 75 or more .
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission From amazon Buy now
Advertisement
The Rewards of Patience
So , I have to ask :
Is the convenience worth spending $ 50 or more on that " high quality " 6 - foot HDMI cable upsell in a store when you can get basically the same performance from a $ 3 version ( shipped ) from Amazon ?
Best Buy 's cheapest 6 - foot HDMI cables will still run you $ 13 .
Even discount giant Walmart can't get anywhere near the prices you can find online at places like Amazon and Monoprice .
When you consider all of the various cables you might need to buy for your gadgets this holiday , the costs can really add up .
My advice with cables is to suck it up , shop online and and wait if necessary .
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission From amazon Buy now
For other products , you may not need to wait for an online shipment because the best price is just up the road .
I do n't know why anyone would spend $ 50 on a wireless Xbox 360 controller and $ 100 on a wireless - N adapter at Best Buy when they can hop in the car and head to Walmart and get them for $ 38 and $ 83 respectively .
I know shopping can be hectic , and I understand why you would just want to get it over with , but saving money is going to be worth the inconvenience .
As always , it is best to do your price comparisons before heading out .
And if your local store is sold out , you can always order them .
Advertisement
Other Extras You Might Need
Now that you 're good and aware of the nature of this problem , let 's go over all of the things you might still need , even after Santa has left the building .
Advertisement
Batteries : I do n't expect you to order batteries online last minute , but the good news is that you can probably find great prices in your area .
We recommend Duracell rechargeables , but if you try and pick up a basic 6 - hour charger with 4 AA batteries from Best Buy , it is going to run you $ 28 compared to $ 20 at Target .
Futhermore — if you already have the charger or are buying it separately — a 4 - pack of extra pre-charged NiMH AAs runs you $ 18 at Best Buy and only $ 13 at Target .
Advertisement
Storage : Everyone who buys a new computer or even upgrades their OS suddenly finds themselves in need of a backup hard drive .
Generally speaking , a big ole USB desktop unit is the best value .
The going rate for a 1TB brand - name USB 2.0 drive is around $ 100 , and while Amazon , NewEgg and Walmart all beat Best Buy on price in some ways , only Walmart , strangely enough , offers either the 1TB Seagate FreeAgent desktop drive or the 1TB WD My Book desktop drive for $ 99 .
Advertisement
If you have several computers ( especially with different OS platforms ) , you 're going to want to check out setting up a network drive or array .
We really liked the Iomega 's Ix2-200 as a cheap but full - featured NAS solution .
I actually ended up picking one of these up myself for about $ 40 off list at Amazon , but you can find a slightly ( and I do mean slightly ) better deal on Next Warehouse right now .
NewEgg also has a great reputation for good prices on storage devices .
In this case however , they come in third because of shipping charges .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Powerline Networking Kit :
If you 're getting a connected Blu-ray player , TV , Roku Box , game console , HD media player or other assorted networked thingamajigs , you may want to think about a powerline adapter , like Linksys ' PLK300 .
It 's a simpler and usually more broadband friendly alternative to Wi-Fi .
But the PLK300 sells for $ 155 on Best Buy and a shocking $ 169 at Walmart .
Amazon will hook you up for $ 122 , but if you do n't mind a little risk , NewEgg has an " open box " offer for $ 93 .
Advertisement
Bags and Camera Packs :
There are countless options when it comes to cases and bags for your gadgets , but one of our faves is the Timbuk2 HAL backpack .
It has all of the storage you would need , and you can score it for as little as $ 96 on Amazon shipped .
In other stores , it might cost as much as $ 120 .
eBags also has the Timbuk2 for $ 96 with a free 2 - day air upgrade .
Some cool bags are n't as easy to find on sale —
Matt loved the Crumpler 5 Million Dollar Home camera bag , and we can't really find it anywhere ( respectable ) for under $ 80 .
Advertisement
Gadget Cases :
When it comes to cases for iPhones and iPods , profit is the name of the game , so be careful about any potential screwings .
Our best advice is to try doing generic searches — instead of a brand name , type in " silicone iphone case " or " rugged iphone case " and weigh your options .
For the former , Amazon and NewEgg yield a huge selection of cases in the $ 15 , while Walmart only shows just two $ 20 cases , and Best Buy has a similar two , for $ 25 a piece .
A combination of thinking — and thinking ahead — is what works here .
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission From opengraph Buy now
Advertisement
i Phone and Smartphone Car Mounts :
With many of us relying on our cellphones for GPS guidance these days , a good car mount is becoming essential .
Unfortunately , those fancy iPhone docks with a GPS - boosting receiver like the TomTom and the Magellan are pretty overpriced ( especially when you have GPS already built into the phone ) , and besides , they 're in pretty short supply , as is the official car mount for Droid phones .
So where does that leave you ?
Well , it leaves you with a lot of basic , no - frills options that do the job just fine .
For the iPhone , you could get something as dirt- ass cheap as this $ 6 windshield mount from DealExtreme .
Here 's a secret , the Droid fits in many iPhone docks , especially ones that hold at just one end .
But if you 're gonna fudge it , go cheap , or else hold out for the official dock .
Advertisement
In - Car Phone Chargers :
Do n't ever ever ever spend money on specialized , phone - specific chargers if your phone happens to charge with USB .
That 's just a con .
Just take the same cord you plug your phone into your computer with — regardless of whether you have an iPhone , a Droid , a Pre , really anything " smart " — and plug it into one of these super - cheap 12V USB adapters .
Griffin 's dual - USB one sells on Amazon for $ 7.50 .
With all the money you can finally save not buying proprietary car chargers , you may just want to buy a few of those , and while you 're at it , stock up on extra USB cables .
G/O Media may get a commission From opengraph Buy now
Advertisement
Universal Remotes :
You can get cheap universal remotes anywhere , but if you want something more high end , the Logitech Harmony 900 should fit the bill .
On Amazon it 's $ 280 shipped .
How about Best Buy ?
Oooh , $ 380 .
See a pattern developing here ?
Advertisement
Advertisement
As I mentioned in my recent article championing the HTPC , you can get something as simple as the HA - IR01SV from Mediagate to control Windows Media Center for only $ 25.41 shipped from Amazon .
If you absolutely need it now you will have to pay a few extra bucks at Walmart .
Advertisement
Conclusion
When it comes to buying all of those extras for your holiday gadgets this year , my advice is simple :
Use common sense and do n't settle .
Stores like Best Buy , Staples , Office Max and Gamestop are probably not the places you want to go to score your accessories .
Look at the local discount stores like Walmart and Target first — and if you can't find a good enough price without ordering online , you 're just gonna have to wait it out .
As tough as that might be with a new gadget to play with , the savings will be worth it .
Advertisement
And if any of you have come across any good deals of your own on stuff to make your gadgets run at 100 % , just throw them into comments — with pricing and a photo , if possible .
Image via Link
Text size
IS THIS THE GOLDEN MOMENT ?
With the price of gold hitting a record over $ 1,200 an ounce earlier this month , the precious metal has been attracting the public 's attention in a way not seen since its previous peak in January 1980 .
In the process , gold is being hawked by cable television talk - show hosts at one end of the spectrum while gold - selling services are being fronted by rap stars .
New ways to own the metal , such as the phenomenally successful SPDR Gold Trust exchange - traded fund ( GLD ) , which has attracted over $ 40 billion , has gained additional buyers for gold .
The fundamental force behind the surge in gold is , of course , the economic crisis from which we may ( or may not ) be emerging .
The inevitable outcome of the credit bubble and bust is a vicious debt and asset deflation that threatens to drag down the economy into a depression .
That is , if the massive responses of governments of unprecedented deficits and money - printing do n't produce hyperinflation .
No wonder prophecies of a Spenglerian demise of the dollar are proliferating .
That 's only fanned by the scolding from foreign creditors such as China , on which the nation is dependent as at no time since the U.S. became a superpower .
What started the U.S. down the road to monetary perdition , say many such critics , was the abandonment of the gold standard , the last remnants of which were shredded when President Nixon ended the dollar 's convertibility into gold at $ 35 an ounce in August 1971 .
That act unleashed the price inflation of the 1970s and the debt excesses of this decade , they contend .
To paraphrase Dostoyevsky , if gold is dead , then all is permitted .
In the perfect world of the gold standard , during expansions of output and surpluses of trade , gold flows into the country .
That produces a monetary expansion , resulting in a boom , which pushes up prices .
That , in turn , attracts cheaper imports and produces an outflow of gold to pay for them .
The resulting monetary contraction cools off the economy ; prices decline , exports rise and gold flows back in , starting a new expansion .
This system functions totally without governments ' or central banks ' fiddling in the monetary process .
Money -- which is gold -- flows back and forth as automatically as the tides , which in theory is the main attraction of a gold standard .
Credit inflations that are fueled by central banks ' keeping interest rates below their natural level would be eliminated , along with the converse of rates being held too high , resulting in deflation .
In practice , however , the experience has been quite different .
Contrary to the nostalgia shown by fans new and old who would favor a return to a gold standard , history shows that adherence to the gold standard severely deepened and spread the Great Depression of the 1930s around the globe .
Moreover , a gold standard today would have prevented the heroic measures taken to counter the current Great Recession .
Economist Barry Eichengreen of the University of California , Berkeley , has researched and written extensively about the Great Depression and its monetary roots .
While most analyses center on the U.S. -- concentrating on the 1929 Crash , Herbert Hoover 's tax increases , the Smoot - Hawley tariff and misguided Fed policy -- Eichengreen poses the question of why so many countries were hit with the same shock at the same time .
His answer : under the rules of the gold standard , all nations that adhered to it had to follow deflationary policies simultaneously .
Adjustments to falls in exports in response to contractions in global trade required deflation to bring down export prices .
Conversely , monetary ease and devaluation were prohibited by definition under gold .
" The choice of deflation over devaluation was the most important factor determining the course of the Depression , " Eichengreen wrote in a 2001 paper ( co- authored with Peter Temin of MIT . )
" Policy makers in all industrial countries insisted that the way out of depression was not to ' debase ' the currency but instead to cut wages , lower production costs , and reduce the prices of goods and services .
Devaluation did not become a respectable option until much later -- until after an unprecedented crisis had rendered the respectable unrespectable , and vice versa . "
Moreover , Eichengreen also has written extensively that those countries that finally chose the latter and either abandoned gold or devalued their currencies in terms of gold began to recover from the Depression sooner than those who hewed to gold .
In 1931 , Britain abandoned gold and began to recover after the Bank of England was freed to lower its lending rate .
The markets then expected the U.S. to follow suit , resulting on a run on the dollar .
Instead , the Fed more than doubled the discount rate at the very depths of the Depression , further exacerbating the downturn .
By 1933 , with the dollar 's devaluation through the increase of the price of gold to $ 35 an ounce from $ 20.67 , the U.S. economy did embark on a recovery with gross domestic product expanding nearly 9 % per annum through 1937 .
Then the Fed sharply tightened policy to absorb the excess reserves in the banking system that it feared posed a threat of inflation .
Fiscal policy also was tightened as well ; the second leg down of the Depression ensued and did not fully end until America 's entrance into World War II .
Impassioned adherents of the gold standard gloss over the inability to counter deflation .
Modern democracies simply will not tolerate the Dickensian unemployment and suffering brought on by debt deflations , however , which is why the Federal Reserve was created during the Progressive Era that also had previously brought anti-trust laws and the beginnings of other government regulation of business .
For all its faults , the floating dollar monetary system permitted policy makers to react aggressively to the worst economic crisis since the 1930s and prevent the Great Depression 2.0 this time .
Now , the challenge is to heed the message of the soaring gold price , but not mechanistically , as the gold standard would demand by raising interest rates .
The problem is on the fiscal side from trillion - dollar deficits as far as the eye can see .
A change in the monetary system will do nothing to address that disaster .
Comments : randall.forsyth@barrons.com
Israel has reacted furiously to news that a warrant had been issued in the UK for the arrest of its former foreign minister Tzipi Livni .
Israel warned that the move by a London court threatened bilateral relations , and issuing a threat to end official visits to Britain unless there was a change in the law .
The Israeli Prime Minister , Benjamin Netanyahu , called the move " an absurdity " .
An embarrassed Foreign Office , meanwhile , distanced itself from the legal action , saying that " Israel 's leaders need to be able to come to the UK for talks with the British Government " for the good of the two country 's relations .
But the British ambassador in Jerusalem , Tom Phillips , nonetheless received a dressing - down from senior Israeli officials .
Naor Gilon , deputy director of the European division , told Mr Phillips that " if this persists the situation would force us to consider whether officials should go to Britain or not . "
According to a statement , Uzi Arad , an aide to Mr Netanyahu , demanded the British Government take parliamentary action to " act against this immoral phenomenon " .
The call came as the Israeli foreign ministry confirmed that an unprecedented arrest warrant had been issued by a London court against Ms Livni on Saturday at the behest of pro-Palestinian activists , on the grounds that she was reponsible for war crimes during Israel 's devastating Operation Cast Lead in Gaza last winter .
Ms Livni said the court had been " abused " by the plaintiffs .
" This is a lawsuit against any democracy that fights terror , " she told the BBC .
The ministry said the warrant was later cancelled after officials learned that Ms Livni , leader of the opposition Kadima party , was not in Britain after all .
An Israeli official who asked for anonymity said Israel 's concerns about universal jurisdiction had been raised with Downing Street by Ariel Sharon and Ehud Olmert when they were prime ministers , and that Mr Netanyahu has also discussed the matter with Gordon Brown .
The issuing of the warrant against Ms Livni comes two months after a lawyer attempted to have a warrant issued against the Israeli defence minister , Ehud Barak , as he visited Britain .
Other Israeli officials have faced similar action in the past .
" By a very small change of legislation , the issue could be at least controlled if not totally wiped off the map , " the Israeli information minister , Yuli Edelstein , told AP .
An Israeli foreign ministry statement warned that Britain could not " fulfil an active role in the peace process " if Israeli leaders are unable to visit Britain .
Last night the Foreign Secretary , David Miliband , reassured Israel that it was " a strategic partner and a close friend of the UK " whose leaders " must be able to visit and have a proper dialogue with the British Government " .
He added that London was " looking urgently " at ways in which the " UK system might be changed in order to avoid this sort of situation arising again " .
But Zahava Galon , a former MP from the liberal Meretz party , said the arrest warrant should be a warning to decision - makers : " Before they embark on military adventures , they should know what the consequences may be at the international level and that they may pay themselves . "
Ms Livni was stridently hawkish before and during the war , which most Israelis consider to have been a justified response to Hamas rocket fire .
She was a key decision - maker in the process and supported the operation throughout .
More than two weeks into the war she told Israeli radio : " We have to prove to Hamas that we have changed the equation .
Israel is not a country upon which you fire missiles and it does not respond .
It is a country that when you fire on its citizens it responds by going wild and this is a good thing . "
Ms Livni was unmoved by news of the warrant .
" From my viewpoint I would take all the [ same ] decisions again , one by one , " she said in a speech to the Institute for National Security Research .
Independent
Belfast Telegraph
This is admittedly somewhat of an unscientific study , but I 'm pretty sure I 'm the only one outside of Arizona 's fans who picked the Cardinals to beat the Packers last week .
I 'm also fairly certain that I 'm the only person on the planet who did n't think the big shootout between Arizona and Green Bay was the most amazingly great game ever played in the history of the National Football League .
Aaron Rodgers and Kurt Warner are undoubtedly great quarterbacks , but the score of that game had a lot more to do with neither team 's defense bothering to even pretend they were going to cover receivers or attempt a tackle , once they caught the ball .
My immediate impression was n't what an exciting game this is , but more along the lines of :
If the winner of this game plays like this next week , the Saints are going to be the first NFL team to score 100 points .
Partly because of the way they packed up their tents early at the end of the season , I actually thought New Orleans might be ripe for an upset .
However , after last week , this has turned into one of the hardest picks of the divisional round and I 'm leaning toward the Saints again .
The Cardinals should have enough to make it a close game if they decide to play defense .
If not though , it will be over fast .
The one game that did catch me off guard last week was the Ravens beating the Patriots .
Not so much the fact that New England lost to Baltimore , but the way they lost .
Unfortunately for the Patriots , the playoffs have a way of making the cream rise to the top .
You might be able to overcome injuries and positional weaknesses in the regular season , but once it gets down to the elite few , those kind of things get exploited .
The bad news for the Ravens is that next week is their turn to be the exploited .
It 's probably going to be a somewhat close game , because the Colts have a habit of letting teams hang around until the fourth quarter , but I have very little doubt that Indy will come out on top .
Before last week 's games , Rex Ryan countered all the talk of New York not deserving to be in the playoffs by declaring that the Jets should be favored to win the Super Bowl .
Then they went out and beat a team they should have beat , which somehow made everyone take that boast seriously .
In spite of the fact that the Bengals limped into the playoffs and missed two easy field goals during the game , a lot of people are suddenly considering the Jets one of the top contenders based on that victory .
As much as I would actually like to see Rex Ryan succeed ( I picked the Jets to go to the AFCC in my preseason predictions largely based on him being the coach ) , I just do n't see New York getting past the Chargers .
In fact , I think it is going to turn ugly .
Which brings us to the final game between Minnesota and Dallas .
There are several keys to this game and I think in the end they all point to one team .
The most obvious of them is the momentum of each team going into the game .
Much like the Saints , the Vikings stumbled down the stretch .
They ended up losing three of their final five games and not looking good at all in those losses .
The Cowboys , on the other hand , come into this game playing as good as they have all season .
They 've managed to avoid a December collapse and instead have won four straight games , including being the first team to beat the Saints .
Another factor that will come into play Sunday is the matchups and , once again , I think those point mostly one direction .
Teams that have been able to get pressure up front have had success at disrupting the Vikings offense .
Unlike early in the season , the offensive line has n't been doing a very good job of keeping pass rushers off Brett Favre .
Minnesota 's other glaring weakness all season has been their defensive backfield .
Every game they have played against a top quarterback , they have gotten gashed .
I expect that trend to continue when Tony Romo , Miles Austin , and Jason Witten come to town .
Similarly , the absence of E.J. Henderson ( who was injured in week 13 ) should leave some room for Felix Jones and Marion Barber to maneuver once they get throuh the line .
So in case you somehow have n't figured it out yet , I 'm picking the Cowboys to come out on top in this game and I wo n't be at all shocked if they win big .
Last week , my record was 2 - 2 both straight up and against the spread , with the Jets and Cards each covering on the field and against the number as underdogs
My Picks for the 2010 Divisional Playoff Games
//www.facebook.com/plugins/like.php?href=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.unlikelywords.com%2F2009%2F12%2F08%2Fjersey-shore-nickname-generator%2F&send=false&layout=standard&width=450&show_faces=false&action=like&colorscheme=light&font&height=35&appId=174118026001381
Follow on Twitter
Like a lot of America , I spent Thursday night spellbound by MTV ’s newest reality series Jersey Shore .
For those of you not caught up , imagine if MTV staged “ Real World ” on the Jersey Shore with 8 characters , with names like “ The Situation ” and “ Jwoww ” , who combine steroids , fake tans , and hair gel to make some of the trashiest television I ’ve ever seen .
This is an epic level of douchery that may not be matched in pop culture ever .
Ever is a long time and I wanted to add to the douchery , so I badgered Chris into helping me cobble together the Jersey Shore Nickname Generator below .
Enjoy !
You may also enjoy the Tiger Woods Mistress Generator .
Subscribe by RSS , or subscribe by email or on Facebook
#container {
text - align : center ;
/*color:#a9a9a9 ;*/
color : black ;
}
#question {
height :4em ;
margin : 20 px auto 40 px ;
}
#question br {
display : none ;
}
. tall {
font - size : 2em ;
}
# first {
/*border:none ;*/
/*border-bottom : solid 1px #a9a9a9 ;*/
/*background-color:#accfff ;*/
}
#answer {
height :4em ;
margin : 10em auto ;
}
Name : Male
Female Fist Pump
If you think of any nicknames that should be in here , leave them in the comments or email them to me .
Thanks again , to Chris McCoy for helping with this .
If you like what you see on Unlikely Words , Subscribe by RSS , or subscribe by email or on Facebook .
+++
Update : Oops , should have been better with the Google .
Here ’s a Jersey Shore nickname generator that ’s a little more offensive than mine .
They did have it up firsties , though .
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
Many have heard about the historic gun rights case going to the Supreme Court .
Fewer have heard that this is also a major case for businesses and family values .
It could lead to anything from court - ordered Obamacare to same - sex marriage .
This is the biggest case of the year , and everyone has a stake in it .
On March 2 , the Supreme Court will hear arguments in McDonald v. City of Chicago .
It is a gun rights case , challenging Chicago ’s categorical ban on handguns .
The ban is essentially identical to the D.C. gun ban that was struck down by the Supreme Court in the 2008 case D.C. v. Heller , in which the court held that an absolute ban in the federal city violates the Second Amendment .
The question in this case is whether the Second Amendment applies to cities and states as it does to the federal government .
The Bill of Rights applies only against actions of the federal government .
Most of the Bill of Rights has since been applied to the states ( or “ incorporated , ” to use the legal term ) by the Fourteenth Amendment .
The question in McDonald is whether the right to keep and bear arms is incorporated against the states .
So far , so good .
More than 70 percent of Americans think the Constitution gives them a right to own a gun , and more than that think any provision in the Bill of Rights should give Americans rights against cities and states , not just the federal government .
The problem is that this case is more about the Fourteenth Amendment than the Second Amendment .
Every provision from the Bill of Rights that has been incorporated to the states thus far has been incorporated through the Fourteenth Amendment Due Process Clause .
There are all sorts of reasons that Due Process incorporation is problematic , but it ’s the way the court has always done it .
That ’s why the National Rifle Association is focusing on this conventional approach in its brief to the court in McDonald v. Chicago .
However , the team representing Otis McDonald is pushing the court to consider a new route and incorporate the right through another provision , called the Privileges or Immunities Clause .
Although that may sound like legal mumbo- jumbo , the reality is that it could change forever our system of federal and state government .
The Privileges or Immunities Clause says states cannot enforce any law that abridges the rights of U.S. citizenship .
In 1873 , just five years after the Fourteenth Amendment was adopted , the Supreme Court held in a landmark case called the Slaughterhouse Cases that this clause only extends to the states the rights of federal citizenship and strongly suggested that such rights must be found in the Constitution ’s text .
The high court thus rejected a claim brought by some Louisiana butchers asking it to strike down a state law regulating the slaughtering of animals around New Orleans .
What ’s so important about that ruling is that there ’s nothing in the Constitution about such an economic right .
Had the court accepted the butchers ’ argument and struck down the Louisiana law , federal courts would have the power to declare anything they want to be a right of U.S. citizenship and strike down any state or local law they do n’t like .
The libertarian lawyers representing Otis McDonald in the current lawsuit acknowledge that their goal is to persuade the court to overrule the Slaughterhouse Cases .
Then federal judges could use the Privileges or Immunities Clause to challenge state and local labor laws , commercial laws , employment laws and business regulations across the country .
That would destroy federalism as we know it in this country ; life - appointed federal judges could override the decisions made by elected leaders that we , the voters , choose .
The people ultimately making those decisions would no longer answer to us .
But that ’s not the worst of it .
If the court overrules the Slaughterhouse Cases , the Privileges or Immunities Clause can mean anything courts say it means .
The Supreme Court could declare a constitutional right to government - provided health care or “ decent ” housing , a free college education , a “ living wage ” or a clean environment , resulting in a court - ordered cap - and - trade system .
It also could completely change American culture , with the court having a new basis upon which to declare constitutional rights to abortion , same - sex marriage , obscene material or a child ’s “ right ” to a public - school education over his parents ’ objections .
It ’s because of these social issues , in particular , that the Family Research Council has weighed in on this case .
Although it should be about the Second Amendment , this gun rights case is , instead , a Trojan horse for everything except guns .
It could remake America ’s economy and culture .
That ’s why several conservative groups have weighed in with a brief asking the court to incorporate the Second Amendment through the Privileges or Immunities Clause but to do so without overruling the Slaughterhouse Cases .
McDonald v. Chicago is as big as it gets .
All eyes will be on the Supreme Court early next year .
Ken Klukowski is a fellow and senior legal analyst with the American Civil Rights Union and authored the brief mentioned above in the case McDonald v. Chicago .
Ken Blackwell is a senior fellow with the Family Research Council and the American Civil Rights Union and is the former U.S. ambassador to the U.N. Human Rights Commission .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Für einen Computer mit Internetanschluss sind nach einem Urteil des Verwaltungsgerichts Braunschweig keine Rundfunkgebühren zu zahlen .
Der zuständige Richter hob in einem jetzt veröffentlichten Urteil vom 20 .
November ( Az. : 4 A 188/09 ) Gebührenbescheide des NDR auf , nach denen eine Diplomübersetzerin für ihren beruflich genutzten Internet - PC Rundfunkgebühren zahlen sollte – und das , obwohl sie bereits Gebühren für ein Radio an ihrem Arbeitsplatz entrichtete .
Der NDR hatte argumentiert , dass gewerblich genutzte PCs gesondert anmelde - und gebührenpflichtig seien und Zweitgeräte nur dann von der Gebühr befreit seien , wenn sie privat genutzt würden .
Der PC der Übersetzerin falle nicht unter diese Zweitgerätefreiheit , weil diese nur für den privaten Bereich gelte , die Klägerin den PC aber in anderen als den privat genutzten Bereichen bereithalte .
Dieser Argumentation folgte das Gericht nicht : Zum einen sei der Arbeitsplatz - PC ein gebührenbefreites Zweitgerät , da die Klägerin ja bereits Gebühren für ihr reguläres Radio zahle .
Zum anderen müsse man nur für Geräte Gebühren zahlen , die zum Rundfunkempfang bereit gehalten werden .
Dies treffe für den PC der Klägerin aber nicht zu , so das Gericht .
Anders als bei herkömmlichen Rundfunkgeräten sei nicht davon auszugehen , dass ein Internet - PC regelmäßig auch tatsächlich zum Rundfunkempfang genutzt werde .
Im Gegenteil : Eine solche Nutzung sei im gewerblichen Bereich unüblich , denn " typischerweise werden PCs im beruflichen Bereich zur Kommunikation und Datenverarbeitung und gerade nicht zur Unterhaltung genutzt " , heißt es in der Urteilsbegründung .
Zudem stelle der NDR derzeit im Internet gar keinen " gebührenrechtlich relevanten Rundfunk zur Verfügung " .
Es sei fraglich , ob der NDR überhaupt ausreichend Sendekapazität vorhalte , um die Personen , " die sie mit der Rundfunkgebühr in Anspruch nehmen will , mit Webradio zu versorgen " .
Der NDR verwies auf Rückfrage von heise online darauf , dass das Urteil nicht rechtskräftig sei und man in Berufung gehen werde .
Weitere Stellungnahmen wolle man derzeit nicht abgeben .
Die Frage einer Rundfunkgebührenpflicht für PCs beschäftigt die deutschen Gerichte schon seit längerem .
Die bisher ergangenen Urteile sind uneinheitlich :
( keh )
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
Dark matter may make up most of the " cosmic web " of the Universe US scientists have reported the detection of signals that could indicate the presence of dark matter .
A team announced on Thursday detecting two events with characteristics " consistent with " what physicists believe make up the elusive matter .
The main announcement came from the Department of Energy 's Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory near Chicago .
The scientists were keen to stress that they could not confirm that what they had seen was definitely dark matter .
" While this result is consistent with dark matter , it is also consistent with backgrounds , " said Fermilab 's director , Pier Oddone .
Several US universities and institutes have contributed to the Cryogenic Dark Matter Search ( CDMS ) , an experiment designed to detect the dark matter particles .
The tests are being carried out in an underground laboratory in a defunct mine in northern Minnesota .
" In 2010 , the collaboration is installing an upgraded detector at the Soudan mine with three times the mass and lower backgrounds than the present detectors , " said Dr Oddone .
" If these two events are indeed a dark matter signal , then the upgraded detector will be able to tell us definitively that we have found a dark matter particle . "
Detectors are designed to pick up heat deposits " left behind " by dark matter
It seems that ordinary matter - gas , stars , planets and galaxies - makes up less than 5 % of the Universe .
The remainder is unseen .
Astronomers believe that 70 % of this is " dark energy " - a hypothetical phenomenon that affects the rate at which the Universe expands .
The remaining 25 % is believed to be dark matter .
Theories suggests that dark matter is made up of subatomic particles called Wimps - Weakly Interacting Massive Particles .
These are thought to have a similar mass to the nuclei that give each atom the majority of its mass , but are predicted to " bounce off " rather than interact with any other matter .
This would make the particles themselves impossible to find .
So the detectors in the CDMS experiment are designed to pick up the tiny amount of energy that Wimps leave behind as they scatter - the only clue they might leave behind .
Others hold that the dark substance consists of everyday matter , but that this ordinary matter , referred to as Massive Astrophysical Compact Halo Objects ( Machos ) , happens to radiate little or no light .
The CDMS scientists believe they may have seen evidence of Wimps - heat deposits left in silicon and germanium detectors that had been cooled to very near absolute zero ( - 273C ) .
" Layers of shielding materials , as well as the half - mile of rock above the experiment , are used to prevent most of the background particles from reaching the detector , " a Fermilab statement explained .
Professor Carlos Frenk is a cosmologist from Durham University in the UK , who develops theories about the structure of the Universe .
He described the results as " deliciously inviting " .
" Dark matter is what makes the Universe interesting , " he told BBC News .
" It is responsible for the bulk of the gravitational forces that give the Universe its shape . "
Professor Frenk said that the world of cosmology had been " awash with gossip " about the highly anticipated results for the past week .
Commenting on why he felt the scientists had made the announcement before they could confirm their findings to be dark matter , he said that there was a competition among scientists to be the first to make the discovery .
" This is one of the most important problems in science , " he told BBC News .
" We only have a glimpse here , but it 's so tantalising that you could n't go to bed without telling the whole world about it . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
SortFix
SortFix is the number one resource for home improvement guides .
SortFix has hundreds of price guides for popular home improvement projects , making it easy to find out how much your next home improvement project will cost .
Price information on projects can help make sure that you are getting the best quotes from local contractors in your area .
SortFix makes it easier than it's ever been to save on home projects with it 's detailed price guides and quote comparison tool .
The SortFix quote comparison tool lets you compare price quotes from multiple contractors in your area in just a few seconds .
SortFix contractors are all screened and have excellent track records when it comes to offering high quality service at low rates .
X -rays revolutionised diagnosis
The public has voted the X - ray machine as the best invention , ahead of the Apollo 10 space capsule and Stephenson 's Rocket .
Out of nearly 50,000 votes cast , one in five people named it for having made the greatest impact on the past , present and future .
Ten of the most significant objects in science , engineering , technology and medicine were selected for the vote .
Information on all the items is found at the Science Museum in London .
The first three positions were filled by medical inventions or discoveries , the X - ray machine being followed by the discoveries of penicillin and the DNA double helix structure .
X - rays provided the first possibility of looking inside someone 's body without cutting them open - a massive medical advance .
' Laying patients bare '
The particular X - ray machine in question - the Reynolds machine in the Museum 's Making the Modern World Gallery - was a " do - it - youself " experiment by a father and son who were so inspired by news of the discovery of the X - ray that they set about building the equipment in their own home .
THE RESULTS 1st place - X - ray machines 2nd place - Penicillin 3rd place - DNA double helix 4th place - Apollo 10 capsule 5th place - V2 Rocket Engine 6th place - Stephenson 's Rocket 7th place - Pilot ACE Computer 8th place - Steam Engine 9th place - Model T Ford 10th place - Electric Telegraph Museum curator Katie Maggs said : " It 's very inspirational to budding scientists to learn that an invention now declared the most important in world history could be pioneered by enthusiastic amateur inventors . "
Professor Andy Adam , president of the Royal College of Radiologists , was delighted to learn of the result .
He said the X - ray machine had revolutionised medical practice and that the technology had now advance so much that we are reaching the era of the " transparent patient " .
Culture Secretary Ben Bradshaw said : " Any competition that pits the Apollo 10 spacecraft against Stephenson 's Rocket , and the DNA double helix against the Model T Ford , is bound to provide talking points aplenty .
" The public 's choice of the X - ray machine as the winner is testament to our insatiable curiosity to find out how things work . "
The poll was conducted as part of the Science Museum 's events to mark its centenary .
The 10 objects form a special Centenary Journey trail through the museum galleries .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
There comes a time in every man ’s life , when the woman he is involved with asks the dreaded question .
“ Do these pants make my ass look fat ? ” ( DTPMMALF )
Guys tend to be simple creatures with basic needs .
Feed us , let us have a place to sleep and some form of entertainment and we usually run at 95 % of maximum happiness .
Most guys will automatically attempt to answer any question with a one word answer .
Unfortunately the only words that spring to mind are either “ yes ” or “ no ” .
Answering “ yes ” is of course a terrible choice .
If you ca n’t figure out why on your own , you ’re probably not salvageable as a male .
( Also those kids calling you Dad probably are n’t yours either – just a heads up )
WASHINGTON — President Barack Obama on Thursday is expected to propose new limits on the size and risk taken by the country 's biggest banks , marking the administration 's latest assault on Wall Street in what could mark a return , at least in spirit , to some of the curbs on finance put in place during the Great Depression , according to congressional sources and administration officials .
The past decade saw widespread consolidation among large financial institutions to create huge banking titans .
If Congress approves the proposal , ...
Everyone has heard about the “ Climategate ” scandal by now .
Someone leaked hundreds of megabytes of information from the University of East Anglia ’s Climatic Research Unit , and the material ( which appears to be authentic ) is most interesting .
I ’m not actually going to comment on the climate - change aspect of all this , though .
I have my own opinions , and God knows everyone else has one , too , but what I feel needs to be looked at is the scientific conduct .
I ’m no climatologist , but I am an experienced working scientist – so , is there a problem here ?
I ’ll give you the short answer : yes .
I have to say that there appears to be several , as shown by many troubling features in the documents that have come out .
The first one is the apparent attempts to evade the UK ’s Freedom of Information Act .
I do n’t see how these messages can be interpreted in any other way as an attempt to break the law , and I do n’t see how they can be defended :
Can you delete any emails you may have had with Keith re AR4 ?
Keith will do likewise .
He ’s not in at the moment – minor family crisis .
Can you also email Gene and get him to do the same ?
I do n’t have his new email address .
We will be getting Caspar to do likewise .
A second issue is a concerted effort to shape what sorts of papers get into the scientific literature .
Again , this does not seem to be a matter of interpretation ; such messages as this , this , and this spell out exactly what ’s going on .
You have talk of getting journal editors fired :
This is truly awful .
GRL has gone downhill rapidly in recent years .
I think the decline began before Saiers .
I have had some unhelpful dealings with him recently with regard to a paper Sarah and I have on glaciers — it was well received by the referees , and so is in the publication pipeline .
However , I got the impression that Saiers was trying to keep it from being published .
Proving bad behavior here is very difficult .
If you think that Saiers is in the greenhouse skeptics camp , then , if we can find documentary evidence of this , we could go through official AGU channels to get him ousted .
Even this would be difficult .
And of trying to get papers blocked from being referenced :
I ca n’t see either of these papers being in the next IPCC report .
Kevin and I will keep them out somehow – even if we have to redefine what the peer - review literature is !
Two questions arise : is this defensible , and does such behavior take place in other scientific disciplines ?
Personally , I find this sort of thing repugnant .
Readers of this site will know that I tend to err on the side of “ Publish and be damned ” , preferring to let the scientific literature sort itself out as ideas are evaluated and experiments are reproduced .
I support the idea of peer review , and I do n’t think that every single crazy idea should be thrown out to waste everyone ’s time .
But I set the “ crazy idea ” barrier pretty low , myself , remembering that a lot of really big ideas have seemed crazy at first .
If a proposal has some connection with reality , and can be tested , I say put it out there , and the more important the consequences , the lower the barrier should be .
( The flip side , of course , is that when some oddball idea has been tried and found wanting , its proponents should go away , to return only when they have something sturdier .
That part definitely does n’t work as well as it should . )
So this “ I wo n’t send my work to a journal that publishes papers that disagree with me ” business is , in my view , wrong .
The East Anglia people went even farther , though , working to get journal editors and editorial boards changed so that they would be more to their liking , and I think that that ’s even more wrong .
But does this sort of thing go on elsewhere ?
It would n’t surprise me .
I hate to say that , and I have to add up front that I ’ve never witnessed anything like this personally , but it still would n’t surprise me .
Scientists often have very easily inflamed egos , and divide into warring camps all too easily .
But while it may have happened somewhere else , that does not make it normal ( and especially not desirable ) scientific behavior .
This is not a standard technique by which our sausage is made over here .
What I ’ve seen in organic chemistry are various attempts to steer papers to particular reviewers ( or evade other ones ) .
And I ’ve seen people fire off angry letters to journal editors about why some particular paper was published ( and why the letter writer ’s manuscript in response had not been accepted in turn , likely as not ) .
The biggest brawl of them all was still going early in my career ( having started before I was born ) : the fight over the nonclassical norbornyl cation , the very mention of which is still enough to make some older chemists put their hands over their ears and start to hum loudly .
That one involved ( among many others ) two future Nobel Prize winners ( H. C. Brown and George Olah ) , and got very heated indeed – but I still do n’t recall either one of them trying to get journal editors fired after publishing rival manuscripts .
You do n’t do that sort of thing .
And that brings up an additional problem with all this journal curating : the CRU people have replied to their critics in the past by saying that more of their own studies have been published in the peer - reviewed literature .
This is disingenuous when you ’re working at the same time to shape the peer - reviewed literature into what you think it should look like .
A third issue I want to comment on are the problems with the data and its analysis .
I have deep sympathy for the fellow who tried to reconcile the various poorly documented and conflicting data sets and buggy , unannotated code that the CRU has apparently depended on .
And I can easily see how this happens .
I ’ve been on long - running projects , especially some years ago , where people start to lose track of which numbers came from where ( and when ) , where the underlying raw data are stored , and the history of various assumptions and corrections that were made along the way .
That much is normal human behavior .
But this goes beyond that .
Those of us who work in the drug industry know that we have to keep track of such things , because we ’re making decisions that could eventually run into the tens and hundreds of millions of dollars of our own money .
And eventually we ’re going to be reviewed by regulatory agencies that are not staffed with our friends , and who are perfectly capable of telling us that they do n’t like our numbers and want us to go spend another couple of years ( and another fifty or hundred million dollars ) generating better ones for them .
The regulatory - level lab and manufacturing protocols ( GLP and GMP ) generate a blizzard of paperwork for just these reasons .
But the stakes for climate research are even higher .
The economic decisions involved make drug research programs look like roundoff errors .
The data involved have to be very damned good and convincing , given the potential impact on the world economy , through both the possible effects of global warming itself and the effects of trying to ameliorate it .
Looking inside the CRU does not make me confident that their data come anywhere close to that standard :
I am very sorry to report that the rest of the databases seem to be in nearly as poor a state as Australia was .
There are hundreds if not thousands of pairs of dummy stations , one with no WMO and one with , usually overlapping and with the same station name and very similar coordinates .
I know it could be old and new stations , but why such large overlaps if that ’s the case ?
Aarrggghhh !
There truly is no end in sight …
So , we can have a proper result , but only by including a load of garbage !
I do not want the future of the world economy riding on this .
And what ’s more , it appears that the CRU no longer has much of their original raw data .
It appears to have been tossed over twenty years ago .
What we have left , as far as I can see , is a large data set of partially unknown origin , which has been adjusted by various people over the years in undocumented ways .
If this is not the case , I would very much like the CRU to explain why not , and in great detail .
And I do not wish to hear from people who wish to pretend that everything ’s just fine .
The commentator closest to my views is Clive Crook at The Atlantic , whose dismay at all this is unhidden .
I ’m not hiding mine , either .
No matter what you think about climate change , if you respect the scientific endeavor , this is very bad news .
Respect has to be earned .
And it can be lost .
Joe Sacco ’s gripping , important book about two long - forgotten mass killings of Palestinians in Gaza stands out as one of the few contemporary works on the Israeli - Palestinian struggle likely to outlive the era in which they were written .
Sacco will find readers for “ Footnotes in Gaza ” far into the future because of the unique format and style of his comic - book narrative .
He stands alone as a reporter - cartoonist because his ability to tell a story through his art is combined with investigative reporting of the highest quality .
His subject in this case is two massacres that happened more than half a century ago , stirred up little international attention and were forgotten outside the immediate circle of the victims .
The killings took place during the Suez crisis of 1956 , when the Israeli Army swept into the Gaza Strip , the great majority of whose inhabitants were Palestinian refugees .
According to figures from the United Nations , 275 Palestinians were killed in the town of Khan Younis at the southern end of the strip on Nov. 3 , and 111 died in Rafah , a few miles away on the Egyptian border , during a Nov. 12 operation by Israeli troops .
Israel insisted that the Palestinians were killed when Israeli forces were still facing armed resistance .
The Palestinians said all resistance had ceased by then .
Sacco makes the excellent point that such episodes are among the true building blocks of history .
In this case , accounts of what happened were slow to seep out and were overshadowed by fresh developments in the Suez crisis .
Sacco , whose reputation as a reporter - cartoonist was established with “ Palestine ” and “ Safe Area Gorazde , ” has rescued them from obscurity because they are “ like innumerable historical tragedies over the ages that barely rate footnote status in the broad sweep of history — even though . . . they often contain the seeds of the grief and anger that shape present - day events . ”
NewKinetix will be releasing an accessory and an app named Re to turn your iPhone into Universal Remote control for devices that use Infra Red .
The company will be releasing it at the 2010 International Consumer Electronics Show ( CES ) in Las Vega .
The application comes with a hardware attachment for iPhone ( works on ipod too ) that throws infra red towards the device while your iPhone screen turns into a remote with all the common buttons on it .
The best thing about this product is that it does n’t need any batteries , cables , charging or network connection .
All you have to do is to attach this to your iphone and control your TV , DVD Player , stereo and other remote controlled devices .
The app offers flexibility and personalization features like adding and deleting buttons , building macros , changing button images and layouts and much more .
The company claims that it ’s priced well below other WiFi based iPhone remotes and dedicated universal remote controls and offers a greater functionality .
The best part of this application is the ability of building custom macros .
Macros are basically sequence of buttons combined in one button .
Meaning you can create a single button that ’ll will perform many functions upon a single click .
You can download the free Re application from Apple app store , however you ’ve to buy the hardware attachment .
The price is not revealed yet .
Via newkinetix
Also Check :
Telstra , Optus And Primus All Announce Support For Conroy ’s Filter
After yesterday ’s announcement that Conroy ’s internet filter trials were a rousing success were n’t a failure , Telstra , Optus and Primus have all publicly announced their support for the policy .
Below are the press releases from each of the ISPs .
But before you read them , consider that as much as they talk about preventing child pornography , back in May when the ACMA blacklist leaked to Wikileaks , it was made clear that only 32 % of blocked sites were related to child porn .
The other 68 % included legitimate sites , YouTube videos and political sites .
Telstra :
Telstra welcomes Australian Government ’s online safety measures 15 December 2009 – Today ’s Federal Government announcement of new online safety measures provides greater clarity on the government ’s approach to cyber - safety , Telstra said today .
Telstra ’s Group Managing Director , Public Policy and Communications , David Quilty , said that the Government has taken on board input from a number of leading Internet Service Providers ( ISPs ) including Telstra , in developing its policy response to this important but complex issue .
“ Telstra is supportive of a Refused Classification ( RC ) content blacklist of URLs compiled from the combination of a complaints - based system and known child abuse websites passed on by expert agencies in other jurisdictions , ” Mr Quilty said .
Based on the results of its own technical evaluation , Telstra believes that blocking of URLs on such a blacklist is feasible and practical to implement , without noticeably impacting on network performance provided it is limited to a defined number of URLs .
A report on Telstra ’s evaluation is available at http://exchange.telstra.com.au
“ It is important to recognise , as the Government has , that there is no silver bullet which will make the internet 100 per cent safe .
The blocking of a blacklist of RC sites is one element of the multi-faceted approach that is required to create a safer online environment .
“ Other factors critical to internet safety include user - based PC filtering , the creation of safer learning and social networking environments , appropriate supervision and involvement by parents and teachers , education , law enforcement and international cooperation .
Mr Quilty continued , “ We support the fact that the Government intends to legislate its approach , thereby ensuring that it applies across the industry , is clearly spelt out and is enforceable by law .
“ We also welcome Senator Conroy ’s commitment to consult further with ISPs on the details of the Government ’s plans .
Continued industry collaboration will promote online safety through practical and efficient implementation of the Government ’s strategy .
“ Telstra is committed to continuing its strong leadership across all elements of cyber - safety so that families can be confident that they have the tools and the knowledge to protect their children online , ” Mr Quilty said .
Please visit http://telstra.com.au/abouttelstra/advice/internet.cfm for more information .
Optus :
Optus welcomes Government initiative to promote cyber-safety Optus believes the internet should be a place where Australians can browse and express themselves freely and safely .
Consistent with this , Optus announced today its support for the Federal Government ’s enhanced cyber safety measures .
Maha Krishnapillai , Director of Optus Government and Corporate Affairs said :
” Optus has always supported measures that will protect its customers from illegal content , and give greater peace of mind to those using the internet .
This initiative supports the blocking of access to the worst types of online content such as child abuse and sexual violence .
“ Optus discussed the development of the new measures – in particular the filtering policy position – with Government and other major ISPs , and looks forward to further consultations with the Government around the implementation of filtering arrangements .
“ The Government ’s cyber - safety measures include mandatory ISP - level filtering of Refused Classification ( RC ) content .
Through its participation in the Government ’s filtering pilot , Optus confirmed that it is technically feasible to block a finite list of illegal content without significant impact on the customer ’s experience or network performance .
“ The mandatory blocking of RC content is important , but must be complemented with a broader Government approach to cyber-safety and the protection of children on the internet , including initiatives to promote education , awareness and counselling .
“ Optus acknowledges that it is the Government ’s responsibility to strike a balance between protecting Australians desire for freedom of expression and access to information , with the need to improve online safety and limit access to illegal RC content .
“ Optus is supportive of efforts to protect children online and is a participant in the Internet Industry Association ’s ‘ Family Friendly ISP ’ program .
Optus Internet proudly exhibits the Family Friendly ISP ‘ ladybird seal ’ indicating its commitment to compliance with the IIA Content Codes of Practice .
The Content Codes of Practice are registered with and monitored by the Australian Communications and Media Authority ( ACMA ) .
“ Additionally , Optus provides information to its customers about how to purchase the Optus Internet Security Suite — an all - in - one internet security solution which includes features such as anti-virus , anti-spam , firewall and a parental control / content filtering options , ” Mr Krishnapillai said .
Primus :
Pixar and Dreamworks Animation have been instrumental in the trend
By Finlo Rohrer
BBC News Magazine
You might be forgiven for thinking children 's films are for children and adults have their own films .
But 2009 - with the likes of Up and Where the Wild Things Are - has seen the triumph of the trend towards making children 's films that speak to grown - ups too .
Anyone who has ever ventured into a children 's Saturday matinee will recognise the following .
A hubbub .
Not like that at pub or party , but a persistent susurration as children ask " Mummy , why is the fox friends with the rabbit ? " and riffle their popcorn like a prospector panning for gold .
Above this child - centred cacophony is the film , and how the adult custodians feel about that film defines whether or not they are happy to brave this whispered maelstrom to see the sequel in 18 months time .
CHILDREN MAY NOT NOTICE ...
The Lion King : echoes of Hamlet Chicken Run : loose parody of The Great Escape Wall - E : Wall - E and shiny white robot Eve make noise like Apple Mac booting The Incredibles : discussion of dangers of baddies ' monologuing ' and allowing hero to escape Up : the old man is styled to look like Spencer Tracy Finding Nemo : seagull scene echoes Hitchcock 's
The Birds The Hollywood moguls did n't get where they are without being aware that the ultimate film is one that audiences of every age and type can sit through .
If the adults think there is something in it for them , they may even be more sympathetic to the shameless wave of merchandising aimed at their pestering offspring .
In recent years , this has led to " children 's " films being replete with the kind of jokes that adults know are aimed at them .
A green ogre voiced by Mike Myers in 2001 was a notable example .
" Shrek was seized upon as a turning point in that it had very definitely one kind of a text for kids and definitely a subtext for adults , " says Justin Johnson , head of the Children 's Film Programme at the British Film Institute .
Shrek was not the first to have jokes aimed at adults , but the sheer volume and the self - consciousness of the tactic stood out to reviewers .
The earlier Toy Story movies had contained jokes that would have been lost on children , particularly in the form of references to other films .
John Lasseter has been one of the key figures in Pixar 's success In Toy Story 2 , the scenes where Rex is seen in the rear view mirror pursuing the jeep in a parody of Jurassic Park , or the part where Zurg falls down the shaft a la Return of the Jedi , are going to be missed by many children .
And in the first Toy Story film , Buzz Lightyear 's existential crisis after he discovers he is " just " a toy , is a profoundly adult theme .
In Finding Nemo , there is a double layer joke in the idea that sharks could form an Alcoholics Anonymous - style group to help them give up fish .
The fact that this diet would be deleterious to real sharks is supposed to provoke a further internal chuckle .
This year 's
Up represented a high water mark for the tactic , says Tony Earnshaw , head of film programming at the National Media Museum .
" There are so many layers to that film .
It is more than just a standard cartoon or animated movie . "
There has to be a smorgasbord of appeal in these modern family films to keep the adults interested , he says .
" If there is n't , all they can do is listen to the kids crunch popcorn and slurp their drinks . "
No matter how many references you hang around them if you have n't got a good story you have n't got a good film
Justin Johnson
BFI
It is not just pure animations that blur the boundaries .
Much of the critics ' reception for the Spike Jonze 's adaptation of Where the Wild Things
Are seems to centre on the idea that it is not really a children 's story at all .
Jonze seemed to confirm it himself when he told an American newspaper : " The main goal was n't to make a children 's movie .
I wanted to make a movie about childhood . "
Perhaps such an approach is inevitable when adults are asked to adapt a work that was important to them in their childhood .
There is certainly a question of what is a children 's film .
Are there , in fact , only " family " films ?
Why is there a presumption that an animation is aimed at children , unless demonstrated otherwise ?
Ayn Rand ?
The Incredibles , released in 2004 , satirises the litigiousness of US society , as those saved by superheroes take legal action against them , forcing their saviours into an equivalent of the witness protection programme .
Adherents of the individualist thinker Ayn Rand analysed the movie through the prism of her philosophy , noting that the film appears to attack the oppressive egalitarianism that forces superheroes to disguise their powers .
In The Incredibles , the superhero mother tells her son : " Everyone 's special . "
He replies sotto voce : " Which is another way of saying no one is . "
For many this Pseuds Corner type analysis of an animated family comedy is just a bit too much .
And there are also films that have been criticised for going too far in their attempts to amuse the adults in the audience .
After the success of Shrek , the sequel has a sight gag allusion to the beach kissing scene in From Here to Eternity early on and proceeds with a slew of references from there , including the notion of Princess Fiona ( voiced by Cameron Diaz ) , having a poster of Justin Timberlake ( Diaz 's then boyfriend ) .
But by Shrek the Third , some may be getting a bit worn out by the grown - up cultural references .
The Simpsons was a cartoon for adults from the start " By Shrek the Third , the films got outdated - the references were so contemporary , " says Mr Johnson .
One can't imagine watching in 30 years time and it all still working .
Some questioned why 2004's Shark Tale was constructed around references to The Godfather .
" They were building the film around their voice cast , " says Mr Johnson .
He says that when the pop references are done well , they are unobtrusive to the watching children and those adults who are slow on the uptake .
" It 's very covert .
It is n't a kind of showstopper .
Shrek the Third was just one gag after another .
" In terms of the fundamental good family film , the story is absolutely the driver .
No matter how many references you hang around them if you have n't got a good story you have n't got a good film . "
Below is a selection of your comments .
As an adult , the most touching moment I recall was in Finding Nemo .
The scene at the beginning , where Marlin is excited by becoming a father , then has to come to terms with losing his wife and all but one of their eggs to a barracuda was so like my own sense of loss at a miscarriage that I had to leave the cinema to compose myself .
It was the first - and only - time I have cried in public as an adult .
Anonymous Man , UK I can't help but feel that the movie industry has n't invented something new here - you only need to pick up any Asterix book to find numerous layers of humour that your average child reader would not have picked up on .
Examples : - Two Roman legionaries in the book Asterix in Britain being called Sendhervictorius and Appianglorious .
The village druid being called Getafix .
These are of course jokes in the English translations , as the original French references were more politically driven and so would not have made any sense in the UK .
Steve , London Buzz Lightyear bears an uncanny resemblance to former Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney , and I 'm convinced it 's no accident .
In Toy Story 2 there 's even a scene where Buzz plays with a toy keyboard and it displays the message : " Nice try Brian . "
I can't be sure but I 'll bet a Canadian played a large role in the development of Buzz .
I know that most of the film 's viewers never got the joke , but some Canadians certainly did .
Gary Blakeley , Toronto , Canada Nothing new about adult references in children 's entertainment .
I remember re-watching an old Bugs Bunny cartoon from the 1970s as an adult and suddenly realising it was a ( brilliant ) parody of the opera , the Marriage of Figaro .
Legis , Harpenden , UK The Lion King films are all based around Shakespeare , in a way .
The first is Hamlet , as the article says , while the second is Romeo & Juliet and the third - a retelling of the original story from the perspective of the comic relief characters - is essentially Tom Stoppard 's Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead .
Yes , I spend far too much time analysing children 's films .
Olly , Bournemouth Surely one of the best cartoons with double meanings is / was television 's Dangermouse where every other line seemed to be a double entendre or subtle adult joke .
Steve , London
While I can enjoy a bit of double meaning , it has gone so far and the pop cultural references so many , that these types of films have lost their charm and even have made me wonder if the target audience is n't adults rather than children .
Every character nowadays has to be based on a wise cracking rapper or some cynical anti-hero .
I enjoyed Shrek , but even then I felt that it was aimed at too old an audience .
I used to hate the naive , cute Disney classics , but now as a father of a three - year - old , I find that I have almost nothing in his age bracket to entertain him apart from Dumbo , Winnie the Pooh .
The fact that the new computer animated Winnie the Pooh is made in such a ' cool ' way , with costumes and extraneous characters is a reason he does n't like it .
Mariusz , Australia
I do n't see anything mentioned about the most unfortunate sexual references and crude humor that ruin most of these so called children 's films .
These are marked PG for a reason - they are not really suitable for children - unless you do n't mind having crude , rude children who are sexualised early in life .
Although I found Up to be an exception , the Barbie references in Toy Story , and the lewd and crude comments in Shrek are truly offensive .
Please allow there to be films for kids - parents should be allowed to enjoy their own films .
I can't imagine my folks feeling they had to be entertained by my kiddie matinees .
Our kid movies were just for - kids .
Enfants6 , Nevada City , USA
We all know that Chicken Run was a remake of The Great Escape but who noticed that the chicken who could n't lay eggs was called Edwina .
Russell O'Brien , Nottingham I particularly liked Shark Tale where there is a glimpse of the nude pencil portrait of Rose from Titanic wearing the Heart of the Ocean necklace .
Di , The Castleton , North Yorks A friend and I went to see Where The Wild Things are at the weekend ( we 're both in our early 20s ) and loved it - but we definitely got more out of it than the children in the cinema .
They seemed to lost interest and got fidgety while their parents were absorbed in the brilliant psychological representation of the Wild Things as aspects of Max ; definitely more for people like me who grew up with the book .
Tegan H , Birmingham , UK
One of the best sources of adult humour in children 's video was the old " Rocky and Bullwinkle " animated US TV series in the early 60s .
It was loaded with jokes and puns that only an adult would appreciate , and some which likely zoomed over the heads of many adults .
It was very popular with high - school and college students of the era ( though likely very few older adults discovered it ) .
Dan , Byron , MN USA
I 'm always interested in how a lot of family TV / film works on so many levels and provide something for everyone .
Once I was watching an episode of The Simpsons with a group of friends , all around the same age but of different backgrounds , and noticed that we were all laughing , but at different things .
As well as the cultural references mentioned quite a lot in this article , family TV / films can send up reality or contain humour that 's a bit more grown - up than the usual kiddies ' slapstick - so even if the cultural references become dated in the future , there 's still plenty to keep teens and adults amused .
Hopefully they will stand the test of time .
Helen , Worthing , UK
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
GAINESVILLE , Fla . ---
University of Florida chemists have pioneered a method to tease out promising molecular structures for capturing energy , a step that could speed the development of more efficient , cheaper solar cells .
" This gives us a new way of studying light - matter interactions , " said Valeria Kleiman , a UF associate professor of chemistry .
" It enables us to study not just how the molecule reacts , but actually to change how it reacts , so we can test different energy transfer pathways and find the most efficient one . "
Kleiman is the principal investigator in the research featured in a paper set to appear Friday in the journal Science .
Her work focuses on molecules known as dendrimers whose many branching units make them good energy absorbers .
The amount of energy the synthetic molecules can amass and transfer depends on which path the energy takes as it moves through the molecule .
Kleiman and three co-authors are the first to gain control of this process in real time .
The team demonstrated that it could use phased tailored laser pulses -- light whose constituent colors travel at different speeds -- to prompt the energy to travel down different paths .
" What we see is that we control where the energy goes by encoding different information in the excitation pulses , " Kleiman said .
Researchers who now test every new molecular structure for its energy storage and transfer efficiency may be able to use what Kleiman called a new spectroscopic tool to quickly identify the most promising structures for photovoltaic devices .
" Imagine you want to go from here to Miami , and the road is blocked somewhere , " she said .
" With this process , we 're able to say , ' Do n't take that road , follow another one instead . ' "
###
The other authors of the Science paper are Daniel Kuroda , C.P. Singh and Zhonghua Peng .
The research was supported by UF and the National Science Foundation .
Recently by Michel Chossudovsky : Global Warming : ‘ Fixing the Climate Data Around the Policy ’
A Haiti disaster relief scenario had been envisaged at the headquarters of US Southern Command ( SOUTHCOM ) in Miami one day prior to the earthquake .
The holding of pre-disaster simulations pertained to the impacts of a hurricane in Haiti .
They were held on January 11 .
( Bob Brewin , Defense launches online system to coordinate Haiti relief efforts ( 1/15/10 )  GovExec.com .
The Defense Information Systems Agency ( DISA ) , which is under the jurisdiction of the Department of Defense ( DoD ) , was involved in organizing these scenarios on behalf of US Southern Command . ( SOUTHCOM ) .
Defined as a " Combat Support Agency " , DISA has a mandate to provide IT and telecommunications , systems , logistics services in support of the US military .
( See DISA website : Defense Information Systems Agency ) .
On the day prior to the earthquake , " on Monday [ January 11 , 2010 ] , Jean Demay , DISA ’s technical manager for the agency ’s Transnational Information Sharing Cooperation project , happened to be at the headquarters of the U.S. Southern Command in Miami preparing for a test of the system in a scenario that involved providing relief to Haiti in the wake of a hurricane . "
( Bob Brewin , op cit , emphasis added )
The Transnational Information Sharing Cooperation project ( TISC ) is a communications - information tool which " links non-government organizations with the United States [ government and military ] and other nations for tracking , coordinating and organizing relief efforts " .
( Government IT Scrambles To Help Haiti , TECHWEB January 15 , 2010 ) .
The TISC is an essential component of the militarization of emergency relief .
The US military through DISA oversees the information  communications system used by participating aid agencies .
Essentially , it is a communications sharing system controlled by the US military , which is made available to approved non-governmental partner organizations .
The Defense Information Systems Agency also " provides bandwidth to aid organizations involved in Haiti relief efforts . "
There are no details on the nature of the tests conducted on January 11 at SOUTHCOM headquarters .
DISA ’s Jean Demay was in charge of coordinating the tests .
There are no reports on the participants involved in the disaster relief scenarios .
War is a Racket : The A ... Butler , Smedley D. Best Price : $ 2.55 Buy New $ 7.01 ( as of 05:45 EST - Details )
One would expect , given DISA ’s mandate , that the tests pertained to simulating communications .
logistics and information systems in the case of a major emergency relief program in Haiti .
The fundamental concept underlying DISA ’s Transnational Information Sharing Cooperation project ( TISC ) is to " Achieve Interoperability With Warfighters , Coalition Partners And NGOs " ( Defense Daily , December 19 , 2008 )
Upon completing the tests and disaster scenarios on January 11 , TISC was considered to be , in relation to Haiti , in " an advanced stage of readiness " .
On January 13 , the day following the earthquake , SOUTHCOM took the decision to implement the TISC system , which had been rehearsed in Miami two days earlier :
" After the earthquake hit on Tuesday [ January 12 , 2010 ] , Demay said SOUTHCOM decided to go live with the system .
On [ the following day ] Wednesday [ January 13 , 2010 ] , DISA opened up its All Partners Access Network , supported by the Transnational Information Sharing Cooperation project , to any organization supporting Haiti relief efforts .
The information sharing project , developed with backing from both SOUTHCOM and the Defense Department ’s European Command , has been in development for three years .
It is designed to facilitate multilateral collaboration between federal and nongovernmental agencies .
Demay said that since DISA set up a Haiti Humanitarian Assistance and Disaster Relief Community of Interest on APAN on Wednesday [ the day following the earthquake ] , almost 500 organizations and individuals have joined , including a range of Defense units and various nongovernmental organizations and relief groups .
( Bob Brewin , Defense launches online system to coordinate Haiti relief efforts ( 1/15/10 )  GovExec.com emphasis added ) .
The Left , The Right an ... Llewellyn H. Rockwell Jr Best Price : $ 7.33 Buy New $ 40.00 ( as of 07:55 EST - Details )
DISA has a Southern Command ( SOUTHCOM ) Field Office in Miami .
Under the Haiti Disaster Emergency Program initiated on January 12 , DISA ’s mandate is described as part of a carefully planned military operation :
" DISA is providing US Southern Command with information capabilities which will support our nation in quickly responding to the critical situation in Haiti , " said Larry K. Huffman , DISA ’s Principal Director of Global Information Grid Operations .
" Our experience in providing support to contingency operations around the world postures us to be responsive in meeting USSOUTHCOM ’s requirements . "
DISA , a Combat Support Agency , engineers and [ sic ] provides command and control capabilities and enterprise infrastructure to continuously operate and assure a global net - centric enterprise in direct support to joint warfighters , National level leaders , and other mission and coalition partners across the full spectrum of operations .
As DoD ’s satellite communications leader , DISA is using the Defense Satellite Communications System to provide frequency and bandwidth support to all organizations in the Haitian relief effort .
This includes Super High Frequency missions that are providing bandwidth for US Navy ships and one Marine Expeditionary Unit that will arrive shortly on station to provide medical help , security , and helicopters among other support .
This also includes all satellite communications for the US Air Force handling round - the - clock air traffic control and air freight operations at the extremely busy Port - Au - Prince Airport .
DISA is also providing military Ultra High Frequency channels and contracting for additional commercial SATCOM missions that greatly increase this capability for relief efforts .
( DISA ~ Press Release , January 2010 , undated , emphasis added )
In the immediate wake of the earthquake , DISA played a key supportive role to SOUTHCOM , which was designated by the Obama administration as the de facto " lead agency " in the US Haitian relief program .
The underlying system consists in integrating civilian aid agencies into the orbit of an advanced communications information system controlled by the US military .
" DISA is also leveraging a new technology in Haiti that is already linking NGOs , other nations and US forces together to track , coordinate and better organize relief efforts " ( Ibid )
This article originally appeared on GlobalResearch.ca .
January 23 , 2010
Michel Chossudovsky is the publisher of GlobalResearch.ca .
The Best of Michel Chossudovsky
Goldman Sachs announced its 2009 earnings today , and the news is bleak :
While the firm took in a record $ 13 billion profit , it 's only paying out a lousy $ 16 billion in bonuses , the stingiest year - end bump in the firm 's history .
The bonuses constitute roughly 36 % of Goldman 's total revenues , down from 48 % in 2008 .
We can't imagine what could have motivated Goldman to stiff its hardworking employees so blatantly — if you average it out over the total payroll , it 's only half a million !
— especially in this tough economic environment when people are hurting .
We 'll be taking a close look at some of Goldman 's top earners , and the lifestyles they have to support on such a substantially diminished income , this afternoon .
Please take some time out of your prayers for the people of Haiti today to think of the good folks at Goldman .
Stem cells hold the promise of of healing injuries and defects in humans and animals , but scientists are still trying to determine the best way to get the stem cells to the defects , and how to optimize their healing effects once they 're there .
A recent study shows that stem cells can help with healing bone injuries , but they were indignant about being watched over their shoulders — attaching quantum dots to the stem cells for tracking purposes caused them to become less localized to the site they were applied to and to die off rather quickly .
Scientists know that providing stem cells to injured or damaged areas of the body can help them heal because of the stem cells ' ability to develop into many different kinds of tissue .
However , they are unsure of how delivery methods affect the ability of stem cells to function ; for example , it is unclear whether a systemic introduction of stem cells might be more effective than applying them directly to the defective area .
In the new paper , a group of scientists attempted to study different stem cell application methods by attaching quantum dots to their cells .
Quantum dots are fluorescent semiconductor nanocrystals that have a long half - life and typically stay attached to a cell as long as the cell remains alive .
The subjects in the tests were rats with segmental defects , or gaps in the bone , in both their left and right femurs .
On one side , the researchers used an acellular scaffolding to bridge the bone together ; this acted as a control .
On the other leg , they directly applied either human fetal - or bone marrow - derived stem cells .
They used both untracked and quantum dot labelled stem cells , and varied the time that the stem cells were incubated with the quantum dots .
A regular 12 - week application of stem cells successfully bridged the bone gap in four out of nine cases when bone marrow stem cells were used , but only one in eight cases with fetal stem cells .
The scientists attributed this to the relatively large size of the gaps — about 8 mm — that they were attempting to bridge .
Even when the gap was not successfully bridged , though , the stem cells were at least able to promote bone growth and improve the torsional strength of the leg .
Comparing these trials to ones with quantum dots , scientists found that attaching the quantum dots gave the stem cells a sort of ADD .
Instead of remaining at the defect site , a significant portion of the quantum dots would appear at the rat 's other leg within one week , where they were found in macrophages , not stem cells .
The overall population of stem cells decreased rapidly over three weeks , suggesting the macrophages may be scavenging dead cells .
After 12 weeks , the stem cells with quantum dots attached failed to accomplish much of anything — no bridging took place , and bone formation was not enhanced at all .
No negative effects on the rats were observed from the quantum dots , which have a toxic cadmium - selenium core ; however , the researchers were stumped as to why the quantum dots , which are generally considered uninvasive , caused the stem cells to perform so poorly .
The paper 's authors speculate that stem cells without quantum dots were effective in starting the healing process , but could n't overcome the large gaps used here .
But they seem to be at a loss about what 's happening with the quantum dots .
( Maybe stem cells get performance anxiety — rimshot — when being observed ) .
The negative impact of this label means it 's a poor choice for following stem cells during injury repair , but there is still hope for other tracking methods , such as using stem cells that express fluorescent proteins .
PNAS , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1073/pnas.0905444107
Here on this page , you will come across the list of the top rated sites with top casino bonuses .
Needless to mention , perhaps you have already spent and wasted a lot of you time and money already looking for such offers on net .
And we do n’t blame you as it is not easy to zero in on the best online casino promotions bonuses from the ever expanding jungle of casino sites .
And it can get all the more confusing , especially if the player is still new to gambling online .
Use our website to play quality games !
You 're not going out dressed like that , are you ?
Snow joke , they did ...
For the majority of us , the colder the weather , the more layers we put on .
But as these pictures show , a surprising number of Britons have chosen to subtract the number of clothes they are wearing in line with the minus temperatures .
From Cardiff to Nottingham , legions of shivering women braved freezing temperatures in little next to nothing on nights out .
Helpless :
Apparently oblivious to the cold , a partygoer has fallen asleep on a freezing bed of snow
Dressed to chill :
The thought of wearing a coat clearly never occurred to any of these women on their night out
One unfortunate reveller even ended up lying on a bed of snow , seemingly unaware that her hands were turning blue .
Parts of Britain had more snow today - but falls were less heavy than expected , experts said .
Temperatures rose above freezing in some areas , giving a little respite from the lengthy cold spell .
The slight easing in conditions gave hope of progress in the battle to supply enough grit , power supplies and food , but meanwhile the death toll from weather - related incidents rose to at least 29 .
The woman on the left flashed a smile as she attempted to walk through the snow in high heels while the partygoer in fancy dress should have taken a leaf out of her friend 's book and wrapped up
For people who are unfamiliar with this , there is a kind of community out there , with books and web forums , where guys share techniques for " seducing " women .
After noticing some pretty odd behavior from guys I 'd meet or talk to online , I read a bit about it .
It 's usually pretty blatant when a guy is using these techniques , and it is to the point where I can often predict exactly what he will do next .
Many of these techniques are benign .
However , there is one called " negging . " A " neg " is essentially a back - handed compliment .
The purpose of negging is to " reduce a woman 's social value " in order to " penetrate her bitch shield " and " bring her social perception more in line with reality . "
Essentially , to knock down her self esteem a bit so she 's more open to the guy .
I find this gross and appalling .
Anyone who would try to damage my self esteem to manipulate me in some way is someone I would n't even want to know .
What sucks is that I usually * like * the guy a lot already * before * he pulls this negging and the other game playing .
Then once he does it all my interest shrivels down to zero .
I usually just end the conversation and stop interacting with the guy once he starts doing something like this .
I always want to tell him , " you know , I really really liked you until you made those backhanded comments to me . "
But I do n't .
Should I ?
If it matters , I 'm in my early 20s , and the guys who do this range from my age to early 30s .
This happens much more with guys I 've met online than guys I meet in real life .
As an example of the type of thing they say , two recent ones from two different guys were , " Out of all the desperate women on here , you might be the cutest desperate woman ; " or , after I told him about my favorite book , " that book 's pretty silly , it 's a good thing you 're cute . "
It 's stuff that by itself is n't that bad , but when a guy makes 3 of these sorts of comments in a row , and guy after guy has pulled this sort of thing in an almost rote pattern , I just do n't want to stick around for more of it .
Should I say something when I notice a guy using " Pick - up Artist " techniques on me ?
Tag along as we journey up - river into the murky depths of Bruce Garrioch .
From Sunday 's Ottawa Sun article ( link at the end ) :
Vincent Lecavalier could be headed to Broadway and a reunion with John Tortorella , his coach from the 2004 Stanley Cup - champion Tampa Bay Lightning .
A league source said New York Rangers GM Glen Sather — who ’s desperate to find an answer to his club ’s season - long , goal - scoring struggles — reached out to Lightning counterpart Brian Lawton to spark trade talks .
Sather called Lawton .
Check .
A second league executive insisted Lecavalier , who had just 11 goals in 46 games this season entering last night ’s action — is on the market .
Lecavalier is not untouchable .
Check .
While the centre would have to waive his no-movement clause to be reunited with Tortorella , the talk is
" The talk is " -- that 's a good one .
the Rangers are willing to offer up a package
" A package . "
So , the Rangers are willing to send something to Tampa in exchange for LeCavalier .
I see .
Tampa wo n't just give Vinnie to New York .
Uh ... Check .
to kick - start an offence that had scored 120 goals in 47 games .
That whisper is
" That whisper " ? --
Thesaurus fail .
" Talk " can include many whispers ( or sources ) whereas " whisper " is only one , unless he 's T.S. Eliot .
( Writing rumors in verse is actually not a bad idea . )
I am not without sympathy .
I imagine it's hard to come up with infinite variations of " [ passive voice non-person non-attributed source ] said . "
that package would be D Matt Gilroy , D Wade Redden and either C Brandon Dubinsky or RW Ryan Callahan .
But the pricey and struggling Redden is a non-starter for the Bolts , who would also want to clear salary room along with Lecavalier .
Oh .
Wait .
So , the story so far : " Sather called Lawton and might have offered something for Lacavalier that Lawton did n't want . "
Plus :
Indications are
Hee hee .
it would also be very difficult to get Lecavalier to approve any deal because he ’s quite happy with the Bolts .
But you said ... oh , I get it , he 's " on the market " but " probably not for sale . "
That ’s not going to stop the Rangers from trying .
..." or me from writing about it . "
Vancouver Canucks GM
Mike Gillis , who claims he ’s never trying to make a deal , actually is doing some talking ahead of the March 3 trade deadline .
The word is
:)
Gillis has been sniffing around for a forward to add depth for the playoffs .
A never - before - seen stratagem .
The belief is
see " The word is "
the Canucks were offering D Kevin Bieksa before he was sidelined with a leg injury that will keep him out until early March .
Just a guess : Gillis will deny this .
" Just a guess . " [ insert your own joke here . ]
A player who could attract attention at the deadline : Atlanta Thrashers RW Colby Armstrong , a looming unrestricted free agent July 1 .
The belief is
May I suggest scuttlebutt , view , sentiment , or how about " it may be that " or " prevailing wisdom is " or " all signs point to . "
Calgary Flames GM Darryl Sutter is interested .
The Pittsburgh Penguins have held contract talks with potential UFA D Sergei Gonchar in what is a big decision for GM Ray Shero ... The belief is [!]
Gonchar would score a three - year deal worth $ 6 - 7 million per season on the open market , but he might be willing to take a little less to stay with the Penguins .
As unlikely as it seems , if Gonchar is not signed by the deadline , he could be trade bait ...
I do n't think he should be allowed to modify anything with " as unlikely as it seems . "
The Chicago Blackhawks have a decision to make before the trade deadline : Can they win the Cup with G Cristobal Huet ?
The belief is [ !] the Hawks , who need to win this season before they ’re hit with a salary - cap crunch , are concerned about their goaltending .
He should have just gone on record with the actual name of the source for that one .
Since it 's basically the phone book .
Pick a name .
There are whispers in front offices
I guess he got the memo about " that whisper . "
However :
" There are whispers in front offices . "
That one is a little Prufrocky .
Keep for poem .
that Chicago GM Stan Bowman will make a big pitch for a goalie before the deadline , but the market is limited .
Usage note : " whispers that Bowman will " is an order of magnitude stronger than " whispers that Bowman might . "
So this is a really reliable possibly - could - maybe happen front - office whisper .
Montreal ’s Jaroslav Halak is available , along with the Isles ’ Martin Biron and Anaheim ’s J.S. Giguere .
There is some talk [!] the Hawks might give Isles GM Garth Snow a call
Somewhere someone is telling someone else that Bowman might make a telephone call to Snow .
This is somehow worth mentioning , in light of every GM calling every other GM about a million times a day .
to see if he really wants to keep Dwayne Roloson , who has another year left on his contract at $ 2.5 million .
Trying to get under the cap for next season , Chicago could be ready [! ] to move LW Kris Versteeg , C Patrick Sharp , D Cam Barker and , naturally , Huet .
The Isles could be enticed [!] if G Rick DiPietro is healthy enough to carry the load .... There is plenty of trade talk surrounding Ilya Kovalchuk , but agent Jay Grossman is holding out hope he can get a deal done with Thrashers GM Don Waddell to keep the franchise player in Atlanta ... Indications are Kovalchuk and the Thrashers are at odds over the winger ’s worth .
I 'm trying really hard , but I can't think of a single thing a contract negotiation could be about besides a player 's worth .
Original article from Rangers eye Lecavalier | Hockey | Sports | Ottawa Sun .
Ataque de panico !
( Panic Attack ! )
Is a short film describing an invasion of giant robots .
What is impressive is knowing that it was carried by two men from Uruguay in six months with $ 300 budget .
Lucid changes to Firefox default search provider
All - I am writing to apprise you of two small but important changes coming to Firefox in Lucid .
I have asked the desktop team to start preparing these changes to make them available in Lucid as soon as reasonably possible .
Probably on the order of weeks .
Change # 1
In Lucid , the default home page will respect the search provider settings that you have set in the " Chrome " .
( The " Chrome " is Mozilla 's term for the little search box to the upper right , reachable by control - K , for instance ) .
For Lucid , this will definitely work for switching between Google and Yahoo ! , we do n't yet know what other providers will be in scope for Lucid .
If a user has Google set as their search provider , they will have exactly the experience they do today .
If they switch to Yahoo ! , the default home page will switch to using a Yahoo ! search .
If they switch back to Google , the default home page will switch back to using the Google search , exactly like today .
Searching from Chrome will continue to work exactly as it does today .
Change # 2 Change # 2 is changing the default search provider in Firefox to Yahoo !
Note that this wo n't in any way effect the ability of a user to choose and use the search provider of their choice .
It 's literally 2 easily discoverable clicks to change this setting , a simple matter of switching to that search provider in the chrome by clicking on the icon and choosing the desired provider .
Note also that Yahoo !
does not share any personally identifiable or usage information .
Why ?
I am pursuing this change because Canonical has negotiated a revenue sharing deal with Yahoo ! and this revenue will help Canonical to provide developers and resources to continue the open development of Ubuntu and the Ubuntu Platform .
This change will help provide these resources as well as continuing to respect our user 's default search across Firefox .
Cheers , Rick
Singer Jennifer Lopez has topped attractiveness polls with her curves Carrying extra weight on your hips , bum and thighs is good for your health , protecting against heart and metabolic problems , UK experts have said .
Hip fat mops up harmful fatty acids and contains an anti-inflammatory agent that stops arteries clogging , they say .
Big behinds are preferable to extra fat around the waistline , which gives no such protection , the Oxford team said .
Science could look to deliberately increase hip fat , they told the International Journal of Obesity .
And in the future , doctors might prescribe ways to redistribute body fat to the hips to protect against cardiovascular and metabolic diseases such as diabetes .
The researchers said having too little fat around the hips can lead to serious metabolic problems , as occurs in Cushing 's syndrome .
Shape not weight Evidence shows that fat around the thighs and backside is harder to shift than fat around the waist .
Although this may sound undesirable , it is actually beneficial because when fat is broken down quickly it releases a lot of cytokines which trigger inflammation in the body , say experts .
These cytokines have been linked to cardiovascular disease , insulin resistance and diabetes .
Fat around the hips and thighs is good for you but around the tummy is bad
Lead researcher Dr Konstantinos Manolopoulos
The slower burning hip fat also makes more of the hormone adiponectin that protects the arteries and promotes better blood sugar control and fat burning .
In comparison , carrying excess fat around the stomach , being " apple shaped " , raises the risk of diabetes and heart disease .
Lead researcher Dr Konstantinos Manolopoulos , of Oxford University , said : " It is shape that matters and where the fat gathers .
" Fat around the hips and thighs is good for you but around the tummy is bad . "
He said in an ideal world , the more fat around the thighs the better - as long as the tummy stays slim .
" Unfortunately , you tend not to get one without the other , " he said .
Fotini Rozakeas of the British Heart Foundation said : " This research helps us better to understand how fat acts in the body in order to develop new approaches in reducing heart and circulatory disease .
" If you are overweight , obese , or if you have a waist size that is increased , it is important to make changes to your lifestyle , such as eating a healthy diet and doing regular physical activity , to reduce your risk of heart health problems . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
SEATTLE ( Reuters ) - Microsoft Corp said on Tuesday it will tweak its
Word application to remove a feature judged to be a breach of patent , ensuring that it will be able to continue selling one of its most widely used programs .
General view of Microsoft Corporation new headquarters in Issy - les- Moulineaux , near Paris October 6 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Charles Platiau
The world ’s largest software company made the announcement shortly after a U.S. court of appeals upheld a $ 290 million jury verdict against it for infringing a patent held by a small Canadian software firm .
The court also affirmed an injunction that prevents Microsoft from selling versions of its
Word program which contain the offending software , set to take effect January 11 , 2010 .
Older versions of Word are not affected .
Microsoft said it is taking steps to remove the feature from Microsoft Word 2007 and Microsoft Office 2007 put on sale from that date .
The disputed patent feature relates to the use of XML , or extensible markup language , used for manipulating text , in the 2007 versions of Word .
Microsoft described it on Tuesday as a “ little - used feature ” .
However , Microsoft did not rule out further appeals .
“ While we are moving quickly to address the injunction issue , we are also considering our legal options , ” said Kevin Kutz , a Microsoft spokesman .
He said that could include a request for a rehearing by a full panel of judges at the appeals court , or a request for a review by the U.S. Supreme Court .
I4i , the Toronto - based software company which owns the infringed patent , welcomed Tuesday ’s ruling .
“ I4i is especially pleased with the court ’s decision to uphold the injunction , an important step in protecting the property rights of small inventors , ” said Michel Vulpe , founder and co-inventor of i4i , in a statement .
END OF CASE IN SIGHT
The ruling -- by the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit , which handles many patent and trademark cases -- may signal the end - game of a long - running dispute between Microsoft and Toronto - based i4 i Ltd .
On August 12 , a jury in a federal U.S. district court in Texas ruled in favor of i4i against Microsoft , for infringing the XML patent in the 2003 and 2007 versions of Word .
The jury slapped more than $ 290 million in damages on Microsoft and the court granted i4 i’s motion for an injunction preventing Microsoft from selling versions of Word that contain the disputed patent technology .
That injunction was stayed while Microsoft appealed the case with the Court of Appeals , but will now go into effect on January 11 .
Microsoft shares were up 0.9 percent at $ 30.79 on Nasdaq .
The case is : i4i Limited Partnership and Infrastructures for Information Inc v. Microsoft Corp , an appeal from the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas in case no .
07 -CV -113 .
An East - West clash over a Swiss referendum last week banning the construction of mosque minarets heated up today as Iran 's foreign minister warned of unspecified " consequences " if the ban were enforced .
Manouchehr Mottaki spoke on the phone with his Swiss counterpart Micheline Calmy - Rey. Switzerland and Iran generally have good relations .
The Swiss serve as Washington 's representative in the Iranian capital in the absence of formal relations between America and the Islamic Republic , giving them exalted status in Tehran 's diplomatic circles .
But Mottaki had harsh words for Switzerland , saying enforcement of the ban on new minarets was “ against the prestige of a country which claims to be an advocate of democracy and human rights " and would " damage Switzerland ’s image as a pioneer of respecting human rights among Muslims ' public opinion , " according to a report by the official Islamic Republic News Agency , or IRNA .
Up to 10,000 people gathered this afternoon in Knock in the hope of witnessing a visitation from the Virgin Mary .
The apparition had been predicted by Joe Coleman , a Dublin man who describes himself as “ a visionary of our Blessed Mother ” .
By 3 pm - the time Mr Coleman said the aparition would take place - approximately 7,000 people had gathered in the Basilica with a further 3,000 people waiting outside .
Mr Coleman left the shrine before 4 pm , claiming he had witnessed an aparition , as he had anticipated .
He said he had received communication from the Virgin Mary but insisted that he was as yet unprepared to reveal the nature of the message .
Speaking to The Irish Timesyesterday , Mr Coleman predicted that as many as 50,000 people would gather today although he warned that the visitation would only be visible “ to people who come with an open heart ” .
Earlier this month an estimated 5,000 gathered at Knock Shrine for a similar gathering with some people claiming to have seen the sun dancing in the sky .
Mr Coleman said he had been asked by the Virgin Mary to recite the Rosary in the company of a priest in the Basilica and expressed disappointment that the Catholic Church declined to make one available .
Earlier this week , the Archbishop of Tuam , Dr Michael Neary , issued a statement clarifying the church ’s view of Mr Coleman ’s predictions .
“ It is not healthy , does not give glory to God and . . . is not good witness to the faith to be looking for extraordinary phenomena , ” he said .
+ 19
Warehouse • Cangas , Spain Architects : Irisarri + Piñera / Jesús Irisarri Castro & Guadalupe Piñera
Area Area of this architecture project Area : 897 m²
Year Completion year of this architecture project Year : 2003
Photographs Photographs : Manuel González Vicente
Text description provided by the architects .
On one hand a dock with numerous activities , where different equipments are already located , and where the fishermen departments to be added , can be one more scattered piece .
On the other hand , an urban scene where the edge of the dock is already a public space , of great use in nautical events , a nautical club isolated from the ramp and the dock by an urban road , pedestrian street towards the beach in summer , an important parking area , way to industrial units , definitely a rich place but with functional conflicts .
Finally , and very important the landscape impact that can have what has already been built , the problem of creating a screen towards the bay that shuts the town centre of Cangas .
The project emerges in a place where nature and buildings meet , the city as a vital space with the port as infrastructure , city architecture and engineering as a strange look , contemporary evolution to a beginning where human settlements , so as to obtain their resources , reflected the specific conditions of each place and time .
We pretend a building capable of answering and solving all this , in one way .
A building which goes beyond a set programme .
With an adequate scale , capable of having and imposing its presence , but being sensitive to landscape and to the different environmental conditions .
A building that answering to its functional demands , is able to accept them in an optimum way , and at the same time it answers to urban functions and citizens demands in public areas , which appear at the dock as a vantage point to the bay .
The building wants to combine its own presence as public allocation without canceling permeability towards landscape , and ties the professional fishermen world at the docks level , with leisure and going for a walk on the dock .
Linking city and landscape , citizenship and culture , leisure and work ...
Therefore , the project breaks the isolation city - port stretching its base as a ramp square , to give a new urban space for walks and sports .
Departments are gathered in series of three or four , generating also an adjacent place for services and outdoors work , so that it doesn´t generate conflicts with the typical dock flows , and promotes the idea of public collective building that already has .
Between them there are transverse steps which get to the edge of the dock where citizens activities go on in a city linked to the port , fishing afternoons , a walk , a yacht race departure ... in a place that orders and fits out the building itself .
A building made of galvanized steel , evoking shipbuildings , providing the necessary flexibility during its construction and maximum reuse of the material its build of .
Tube structure which defines the volumes and modulates closing sheet metal to support them .
Lattice in different degrees of density to achieve the building as a unit .
The sheets of front ( 2000x1000x10 ) are prepared by L profiles welded , so that they could be hung on the omegas fixed to the structure and in addition they avoid possible deformations in the process of galvanization .
The cover formed also by sheets on U profiles that allow the water evacuation by means of small gargoyles .
To form the lattice panels have been used electro - weld grid formed by platens of 30x10 have and 40x10 , depending on the saved light , with changeable of 60 and 102 ( measures of standard manufacture ) in order to obtain diverse graduations of transparency to the set .
The thought about how to achieve this walking area on the dock , made us build a concrete whose dry were mainly sea shells from the canning industries , as the surrounding docks bed .
In a way , give shape and consolidate beach sediments .
Here 's another entry in our series of the best from the Toronto Star 's photographers in 2009 .
This time we look at the wild side .
Richard Thomson of Toronto feeds birds near the pond in front of Nathan Phillips Square on November 13 , 2009 .
Thomson has been feeding the birds at the square two to three days per week for the last five years .
( Toronto Star / Steve Russell )
The CF - 18 Century Hornet , painted to celebrate the 2009 Centennial of Powered flight in Canada , does a tight turn while a Swan flies along the waterfront on September 7 , 2009 .
( David Cooper / Toronto Star )
Inukshuk swims in the new polar bear exhibit in the new Tundra Trek region at the Toronto Metro Zoo in Toronto in July 31 , 2009 .
The polar bears , a male Inukshuk and two females return after a two year renovation to polar bear exhibit that increased its size five - fold .
( Steve Russell / Toronto Star )
Currie , a 9 - year - old Havanese , waits miserably to get back inside its owner 's home in the Riverdale are , Toronto , December 9 , 2009 .
( Bernard Weil / Toronto Star )
A bird bathes in a fountain outside St. James Cathedral in Toronto on August 10 , 2009 .
( Colin McConnell / Toronto Star )
A dog is decked out in the latest Presidential pouch outerware at Obama 's inauguration in Washington on January 20 , 2009 .
( Rick Madonik / Toronto Star )
Peppo waits for some toweling off during the first annual dirty dog wash to benifit the Etobicoke Humane Society on July 1 , 2009 .
( Rick Madonik / Toronto Star )
This former battery hen has been rescued at the time of slaughter and relocated to Cobble Hills Farm Sanctuary , near Stratford , where at - risk kids are given the chance to be directly involved in healing the hens .
Owner Christen Shepherd says the hens arrive nearly bald , thin , weak and unable to walk .
( Randy Risling / Toronto Star )
Swim suit equipped Tactix launches off the dock to a 23 foot leap into the pool during the Big Air Dog Jump , where dogs ' jumping distance is measured at the Purina All Star Dog Show on March 22 , 2009 .
( Steve Russell / Toronto Star )
( CNN ) --
The man who allegedly lit an explosive on board a U.S. - bound international flight deserves none of the constitutional protections afforded American citizens , a former top Bush administration official said Monday .
Tom Ridge , who served as secretary of the Department of Homeland Security from 2003 to 2005 , made the comments on CNN's " Larry King Live . "
" I take a look at this individual who has been charged criminally , does that mean he gets his Miranda warnings ?
The only information we get is if he volunteers it ? "
Ridge said .
" He 's not a citizen of this country .
He 's a terrorist , and I do n't think he deserves the full range of protections of our criminal justice system embodied in the Constitution of the United States . "
Ridge also said he was " not surprised " about reports that two former detainees in the detention center at the U.S. Naval Base in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , had joined up with the group that claimed responsibility for Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab 's failed terrorist attack .
" It 's a symptom of a larger challenge that this country has , and that 's how do you adjudicate these individuals that we pick up from these places and make a determination if they should be incarcerated for a long time , if not permanently , " he said .
Muhamad Attik al - Harbi , also known as Muhamad al - Awfi , and Said Ali Shari were released to Saudi Arabia in 2007 by the Bush administration .
The two went through a " rehabilitation " program in Saudi Arabia but returned to the militants .
U.S. officials , however , cautioned that the two could not be connected with Friday 's attack .
Ridge told King that the country is " clearly ... safer , but it 's equally clear , given the several incidents that have occurred in the last couple of months in this country , that we still have very serious gaps in information - sharing . "
" What are we going to do to make sure more information , particularly with that kind of information that sends warning signals out , gets to the people that can act on it ? " he said .
" Whether you 're in the battlefield in Iraq or Afghanistan or a screener at the airport , you need actionable information .
I 'm not sure all this information was in the hands of TSA at the time . "
Ridge also questioned why the State Department did not revoke AbdulMutallab 's visa upon learning that his father had reported his son might have terrorist connections .
" Why the State Department did n't revoke his visa immediately is beyond belief , in my judgment , " he said .
" But at the heart of this , it 's a clash of cultures and institutional challenge .
[ The Department of Homeland Security ] can only act on information it has , and they did n't have all the information at its disposal . "
The former secretary was less critical of current Secretary Janet Napolitano than many other Republicans for comments she made praising the way some protocols had worked .
" I do n't think any right - thinking person actually believed that Secretary Napolitano thought the system worked , " he said .
" Obviously , it was flawed .
I think what she was referring to was that after the incident occurred , there are certain procedures and protocols to put in place .
That worked smoothly . "
It ’s amazing how much the world changes before breakfast .
At 6 am Pacific this morning , a joint Intel & AMD press release hit our inboxes like a nuclear bomb : AMD and Intel are settling their differences .
And just like that , the CPU landscape as we know it has significantly changed .
We ’re previously talked about the spat between AMD and Intel , one that Intel was looking increasingly likely to lose .
AMD had had leveraged some very serious accusations against Intel over actions Intel supposedly undertook earlier this decade : paying OEMs and retailers not to use or carry products utilizing AMD processors through the use of discounts and rebates .
With this AMD launched civil anti-trust suits , and petitioned various governments for criminal anti-trust investigations .
Recently , the European Union ’s European Commission agreed with AMD ’s claims , resulting in the EC fining Intel for roughly $ 1.45 billion .
And other governments had investigations in various states , including the New York Attorney General ’s which opened up a case against Intel earlier this month .
Things were not going well for Intel .
With a major loss for Intel looming , the massive cost of many more years of litigation , and the monumental fine Intel would face if they lost a case in the United States ( where damages are trebled ) , Intel and AMD sat down and began settlement talks in earnest in April , culminating in what has happened today .
AMD and Intel have agreed to settle all of their outstanding litigation , Intel has agreed to adhere to certain business practices , Intel will be paying AMD , and the two companies have signed a new 5 - year cross-licensing agreement for x86 .
We should note that even with this settlement , neither AMD nor Intel are admitting to any wrongdoing .
Intel is not admitting to engaging in any anti-competitive actions , and AMD is not admitting to breaking their existing x86 license by not producing the bulk of their CPUs in - house .
In laymen ’s terms , everyone is agreeing to be happy and to stop bludgeoning each other with lawsuits .
Out of this settlement come four major things for AMD :
$ 1.25 billion in cold , hard cash .
Intel will stop doing things that they and AMD agree they should n’t be doing .
The right to not have to produce x86 CPUs in - house .
AMD can go fabless .
The right to have their x86 processors fabricated anywhere of AMD ’s choosing .
Although AMD and Intel do n’t attribute anything to the cash portion of the settlement beyond the fact that it ’s a number the two could agree on , we believe that it is intended to cover the legal costs AMD has incurred over the years in fighting Intel .
Remember why Intel settled in the first place : anti-trust suits are expensive .
AMD will receive the $ 1.25 billion in cash within 30 days .
The second concession to AMD is that Intel and AMD have come to an agreement on which business practices Intel is and is n’t allowed to engage in , which Intel will have to adhere to .
This is a tricky thing , since as we stated before Intel has n’t admitted to any wrongdoing , so we ’re not quite sure what practices are in question .
Intel claims that this wo n’t result in any changes for them , but we will hopefully have a better idea once the agreement is published by the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Without any additional information , our best guess is that whatever Intel was doing specifically to drive AMD out of the market , they have or are going to stop doing it .
Moving on , it ’s the 3rd concession that ’s the biggest for AMD .
Although the Intel / AMD x86 cross-licensing agreement is private , it ’s well - known that the agreement stipulated that AMD needed to produce the majority of their x86 processors in - house .
With the formation of Global Foundries , AMD was applying a new interpretation to that requirement , one that Intel disagreed with and lead to a side - suit between the companies .
As part of this settlement , the in - house production requirement has been dropped from the cross-licensing agreement .
AMD is no longer required to produce x86 CPUs , and as of today AMD has begun immediate preparation to go fully fabless .
The Foundry Dilemma : No Longer AMD's Problem
AMD has wanted out of the fab game for quite some time , but the cross- licensing agreement prevented that .
Now AMD is free to sell off its stake of Global Foundries to Abu Dhabi ’s Advanced Technology Investment Company ( ATIC ) , who already owns the other half of GF .
The result will be that ATIC will own a foundry like they ’ve always wanted , and AMD will be rid of the task of operating a foundry like they ’ve always wanted .
This in turn is going to have two immediate short - term benefits for AMD .
The first of course is more cash ; selling their share in ATIC is going to net the company a fair bit of cash and cash equivalents .
The second of which is that AMD had to absorb some of GF ’s losses ; they would have turned a profit last quarter for example if owning part of GF did n’t cause them to take a $ 100 mil loss .
So AMD is going to have more cash on hand , and they ’re going to further resolve their long - standing cash bleed .
By no means does this make them rich ( they still are up to their eyes in debt ) , but this opens up a great deal of liquidity to invest in new processor designs .
After all , they ’ve gone fabless , R&D is where the bulk of their investments will be .
Finally , we have the 4th concession : along with not having to produce CPUs in - house , AMD is free to have their x86 CPUs fabricated at any foundry of their choice .
One of Intel ’s points of contention have been that they do n’t want to share x86 information with 3rd parties .
Hence the requirement for in - house production in the first place .
The settlement means that Intel will not object to AMD ’s choice of foundry , opening them up to build CPUs at TSMC , UMC , and IBM , along with the continued use of Global Foundries .
Given the cost and work involved in staying competitive with Intel ’s fabrication advancements , we ’re not sure who would be better prepared than GF , but the option is there on the table if AMD wants it .
Meanwhile , here ’s what Intel gets :
AMD is dropping all private suits against Intel AMD will retract all regulatory complaints with government regulators
As we mentioned earlier , Intel ’s constant battle with AMD was expensive for both sides .
Intel faced a particular risk , as the fines and judgments against them should they lose in the United States would have been three - times the damages found by the courts .
Basically , if Intel was going to lose , they were going to lose big .
With this settlement , all of AMD ’s private suits against Intel are immediately dropped .
This means that Intel can immediately stop spending money on trying to fight those suits , and at the same time need not worry about what might happen if they were to lose .
The key suit among these was an anti-trust suit in Delaware , which was set to begin in March .
Meanwhile things are slightly more complex when it comes to AMD ’s regulatory complaints .
Since any action taken as a result of these is done by various government agencies , AMD cannot simply have these investigations dropped .
What they can do is drop any formal complaints , and go to each regulatory body with Intel , where both will explain that they ’ve settled their differences .
Ideally , this will be enough to convince these regulatory bodies to drop their investigations .
However these bodies are not compelled to do so , and may continue their investigations if they wish .
However without AMD ’s participation , it would be much harder for these bodies to win at their cases .
The biggest regulatory case for Intel right now is the European Commission case , which is currently in appeal .
It ’s unlikely that the EC will drop the case after having already ruled against Intel , so the appeal is expected to go on as scheduled .
Intel likely has lost this case for good , in spite of the settlement .
Meanwhile Intel stands a far better chance of the New York Attorney General ’s investigation dropped , along with investigations by US government agencies and foreign trade commissions .
This may not sound nearly as substantial for Intel as it does AMD , but it ’s impossible to overstate just how much Intel was at risk of losing here if every case went AMD ’s way .
Intel could have lost many billions of dollars , if not more .
Not losing that kind of money makes for a very good deal for Intel .
Ultimately , in spite of this being a “ mutual ” settlement , there ’s no way to construct it as anything but a major win for AMD .
Intel ’s actions earlier this decade have presumably come at a great cost to AMD ’s position , and this agreement codifies how that should never happen again .
Meanwhile AMD is finally free to go ahead with their plans to go fabless , which will complete a significant shift for the company , and for Global Foundries .
With this AMD ’s immediate financial situation will greatly improve from the settlement cash , the sale of Global Foundries , and from GF no longer driving AMD in to the red .
Or as Anand has summarized things , AMD will have the cash needed to go develop another CPU architecture , something essential to the company ’s future survival .
With the reality of AMD going fabless however , we will end on a cautionary note .
While this settlement greatly improves AMD ’s short - term situation , it does not change the long - term situation for the company .
AMD is still faced with the challenge of being the first company to make a sustainable business out of fabless x86 CPU design .
This settlement cements AMD ’s plans going forward , for better or for worse .
In time , we hope to see that it ’s the right plan .
The concept of altruism has long been debated in philosophical circles , and more recently , evolutionary biologists have joined the debate .
From the perspective of natural selection , altruism may have evolved because any action that improves the likelihood of a relative 's survival and reproduction increases the chance of an individual 's DNA being passed on .
Social behavior , kin recognition , and altruism are well known in the animal kingdom ; however , although plants have the ability to sense and respond to other plants , their ability to recognize kin and act altruistically has been the subject of few studies .
In a paper published in the November issue of the American Journal of Botany , Ph.D. candidate Guillermo Murphy and Dr. Susan Dudley explore kin recognition in Impatiens pallida , commonly known as yellow jewelweed .
Yellow jewelweed individuals are often found growing in close proximity to related individuals and are known to respond strongly to aboveground competition , making this species a likely candidate for kin recognition .
Murphy and Dudley measured plants ' responses to two potential cues for competition — changes in light quality ( an aboveground cue ) and the presence of root neighbors ( an underground cue ) — for plants grown with strangers and with relatives .
The researchers found that the response of Impatiens plants differed depending on whether the plants grew with relatives or with strangers .
This demonstrates that jewelweed is capable of recognizing kin from non-kin and shows an interesting degree of complexity since both types of responses differed from plants growing with no neighbors at all .
Among close relatives , plants did not increase resource allocation to roots or leaves .
Rather , they altered their aboveground morphology by increasing stem elongation and branching .
This may be an example of the plants cooperating with kin by attempting to acquire needed resources without shading nearby relatives .
Yellow jewelweed is found in the understory of forests , where light may be scarce but the soil is usually nutrient - rich .
Because light is the limiting factor for plant growth in this environment , a plant competing with its neighbors would be most likely to allocate resources to leaves .
For Impatiens plants grown with strangers , the plants increased their resource allocation to their leaves relative to allocation to stems and roots , an indication of a competitive response .
By moving their resources into leaves , these plants not only positively affected their own growth by enhancing their ability to acquire a limited resource but also negatively affected their competitors ' growth by shading nearby plants and decreasing the competitor 's light acquisition abilities .
However , these differences in response based on the presence of kin or strangers were only observed in those plants grown with root neighbors , indicating that communication among roots may be necessary for plants to recognize kin .
Also , changes in allocation of resources toward roots in response to light quality only occurred in plants grown with root neighbors .
This is the first instance where researchers demonstrated that a plant 's response to an aboveground cue is dependent upon the presence of a belowground cue .
This study demonstrates that plants are social organisms .
It shows that altruism is possible among plants and that response to both kin and strangers depend on the ecology of the plant species .
More information : http://www.amjbot.org/cgi/content/full/96/11/1990
Source : American Journal of Botany
Explore further Plants recognize their siblings , biologists discover
To look back on the ideas that shaped the past decade is to survey a scene of wreckage .
Ten years ago , the best and the brightest were believers in the " Washington consensus " - the idea that the debt - fuelled free market that had existed in the US for little more than a decade was the only economic system consistent with the imperatives of modernity , and destined to spread universally .
It was not only the neocon right that believed this .
Centre - left parties , whose historical role had been to set limits on free markets , bought in to this idea with enthusiasm .
When Bill Clinton and Tony Blair embraced neoliberal economics , they did more than triangulate policies for the sake of electoral advantage .
They endorsed the belief that a bubble engineered by Alan Greenspan at the end of the 1990s , when he lowered interest rates to artificial levels after the blow - up of a hedge fund , represented a new era in economic history .
Both the triangulating politicians and many left - of - centre commentators became convinced that , for all practical purposes , neoliberal capitalism was indestructible .
For anyone with a sense of history , the idea that a post - cold - war bubble embodied a new world order was obviously absurd .
The built - in instability of capitalism had not gone away - it had been accentuated , as the US and other western economies became ever more dependent on unsustainable debt .
Far from being in­destructible , the neoliberal market order was highly fragile .
But millennial fantasies regarding a short - lived variety of capitalism were far from being the only delusional beliefs that helped shape events during the decade .
Closely related was liberal interventionism - the policy , set out by Tony Blair in his 1999 Chicago speech on foreign policy , of using military force to spread liberal democracy .
Here the delusions were multilayered , and first among them was a dream about America .
Again , it was not only the right that bought in to a fantasy .
For large sections of the left , the US in the first decade of the century had a role similar to that played in the progressive imagination by the USSR in earlier periods : for all its faults , the US was the world 's emancipatory power , and the current embodiment of the best human hopes .
The delusive quality of this view lay not so much in the comical notion that universal freedom could be spearheaded by the witless figure of George W Bush , as in an unrealistic estimate of America 's position in the world .
US imperial overstretch had already been identified in 1987 by Paul Kennedy in his book The Rise and Fall of the Great Powers , but this weakness was forgotten in the triumphalism that surrounded the collapse of the Soviet Union .
Not only did the US lack the skills needed to maintain its imperial role , but increasingly it was a role the US could not afford .
Both these facts were brutally confirmed in the invasion of Iraq .
Confident that liberal democracy would emerge of its own accord once tyranny had been overthrown , the Bush administration was unprepared for the sectarian warfare and near - anarchy that predictably erupted when Saddam Hussein 's regime was destroyed .
It was equally unprepared for the ruinous cost of the war , which was launched on the assumption that the price of oil would fall after regime change , setting off another global boom and making the entire exercise self - financing .
The actual result was that the Americans racked up even more debt and the decline of US power accelerated .
Fashionable theories of globalisation had the effect of blocking the perception of American decline .
From the late 1990s onwards , the idea that globalisation and Americanisation were one and the same became something like conventional wisdom , the New York Times correspondent Thomas Friedman pushing the equation in his bestselling books The Lexus and the Olive Tree ( 1999 ) and The World Is Flat ( 2005 ) .
The actual effect of globalisation is to transfer economic power to emerging countries with different models of capitalism , but for those who shared Friedman 's dreamworld , globalisation was no more than the Anglo - American free market writ large .
It was a notion that could persist only so long as the crisis was confined to powerless countries on the periphery of the system , such as Argentina and Thailand .
It began to dissipate when the US financial system itself started to implode from mid-2007 onwards .
Having run down and sold off much of its productive base , the US found itself the centre of a type of finance capitalism that was practically bankrupt .
It is not often that large - scale crises are due to intellectual error , but a single erroneous belief runs through all of the successive delusions of the past decade .
With few exceptions , both left and right seem to think that history is a directional process whose end point - after many unfortunate detours - will be the worldwide duplication of people very like themselves .
At the end of the decade , opinion - formers in Britain , the United States and continental Europe still imagine that the normal pattern of historical development leads eventually to an idealised version of western society , just as Francis Fukuyama forecast 20 years ago .
But whereas this confidence - boosting notion was still genuinely believed a decade ago , today it is a kind of comfort blanket against an unfamiliar world .
The reality , which is that western power is in retreat nearly everywhere , is insistently denied .
Yet the rise of China means more than the emergence of a new great power .
Its deeper import is that the ideologies of the past century - neoliberalism just as much as communism - are obsolete .
Belief systems in which the categories of western religion are reproduced in the guise of pseudo - science , they are redundant in a world where the most rapidly advancing nation state has never been monotheist .
Western societies are well worth defending , but they are not a model for all of humankind .
In future they will be only one of several versions of tolerable modernity .
For secular western intellectuals to accept this fact would rob their life of meaning .
Huddled in the tattered blanket of historical teleology , which tells them they are the leading lights of humanity , they screen out any development that demonstrates their increasing irrelevance .
Religion is resurgent in many parts of the world , not least emerging powers such as Brazil and China , but for the secular intelligentsia this is just an unfortunate lag , a temporary setback in humanity 's slow march to join them on the sunlit uplands of reason .
The hysterical stridency of evangelical atheism - one of the most characteristic phenomena of the Noughties - is symptomatic of a pervasive cognitive dissonance .
Like everyone else , these intellectuals assert their beliefs all the more adamantly when the only reason for holding them is a well - founded suspicion that they are not true .
Unreality is the defining feature of the ideas that have been in vogue over the past decade .
The grandiose delusions with which the new century began have not been abandoned .
Instead , they have been shrunk to a size at which they can still be maintained .
The small world of British politics provides many examples of this tendency .
Rather than acknowledge that neoliberalism has failed , politicians in all three main parties are seizing on a succession of intellectual gimmicks for solutions to the problems that the ideology has created .
Gladwell 's blink , Sunstein and Thaler 's nudge , the wisdom of crowds - these and other ephemera of the airport bookstore are being taken up , promoted and then forgotten in the floundering attempt to deal with a crisis that is only in its early stages .
The intellectual default of politicians cannot be remedied by returning to the ideologies of the past .
It is shared by much of the public , and comes from a chronic inability to engage with reality .
Perhaps only a more serious crisis will overturn the delusive fancies on which so many policies are based .
A run on sterling in the event of a hung parliament after the next general election ; the cataclysmic defeat that will follow Barack Obama 's decision to reinforce inevitable failure in Afghanistan ; a spiral in oil prices after a flare - up over Iran ; the collapse of the dollar as the world finally loses patience with American solipsism - any one of these eventualities , together with others that cannot be foreseen , could be a catalyst for rethinking .
But the omens are not encouraging .
The make - believe that surrounds climate change - epitomised in the empty statements of intent regarding unachievable goals that will be the only outcome of the Copenhagen meeting - shows that the biggest challenge for the future is being evaded .
It looks as if we may be wandering in the ruins of the Noughties for some time .
John Gray is the New Statesman 's lead book reviewer .
A new edition of his " False Dawn : the Delusions of Global Capitalism " , which first appeared in 1998 , was published by Granta Books in October ( £ 8.99 )
The ideas that shaped a decade
Neoliberalism : Three policies central to the neoliberal " Washington consensus " were low taxation , privatisation and the deregulation of financial services .
Key thinkers : Friedrich Hayek , Milton Friedman , Robert Nozick .
Neoconservatism :
The term was originally applied to disillusioned liberal critics of the welfare state .
By the beginning of the 21st century , neoconservatism was associated principally with an aggressive US foreign policy .
Key thinkers : Henry " Scoop " Jackson , Leo Strauss .
Political Islam : " Islamism " , or political Islam , is dominated by two distinct and extreme strands of thought : the Salafist or Saudi Wahhabi tradition ; and the work of Sayyid Qutb , who saw Islam as a political movement based on Quranic principles and from whom Osama Bin Laden derived the doctrine of violent jihad .
Key thinkers : Sayyid Qutb , Mohammad Ibn Abdul Wahhab , Ayman al - Zawahiri .
Around this time every month , The A.V. Club forgets to lock its back door , and Texas - dwelling scumbag Leonard Pierce lets all of his disreputable longhair friends in to spike the water cooler with SoCo and listen to thrash until someone calls security .
This month , however , is different .
This month , as part of The A.V.
Club ’s wide - ranging end - of - year coverage of the best culture of the decade , Metal Box forsakes its usual barely coherent ramblings and focuses on the best metal releases of the 21st century .
So grab a pen , look up your local record store ( it ’s a place in a bad part of town that sells music in a physical format ) , and get your holiday shopping lists ready for the best metal of one of metal ’s best decades .
Advertisement
BEFORE THE STORM .
First of all , I ’ll let you in on a little secret :
In a little while , The A.V. Club is going to release its list of the best music of the decade .
And most of it will be pretty damn good — even the bands named after helpless woodland creatures .
But there ’s more going on the music world this decade .
In case you have n’t heard , this has been an amazing decade for metal music .
( Hard rock has fared less well ; we ’re still waiting for a latter - day Van Halen , and until one comes around , AC / DC will keep holding the fort , as they have for about 35 years . )
That ’s part of the reason this column exists ; metal is a big , diverse , and incredibly dynamic tent right now , and it easily deserves as much attention as hip - hop , electronica , or indie-rock .
After a rough patch in the 1990s , when nü-metal almost managed to finish the job of killing off the genre that was started by hair metal in the 1980s , metal has made a roaring , screaming comeback in the 2000s .
Particularly in the last half of this decade , more and better metal has come from every corner of the globe than we ’ve seen in three decades , to a degree that if you are n’t listening to some kind of metal on the regular , you just are n’t paying attention .
The choice of 30 albums for this list was purely arbitrary ; I could easily have gone to 50
And yes , this list reflects my opinion and my opinion only .
I ’ve tried to mix it up and include examples from most of the major metal subgenres , but by necessity , this is going to be a big hunk of meat seasoned to my tastes .
So keep in mind as you ’re preparing your badly misspelled hate - posts that I ’m not pretending to be comprehensive .
The mere fact that there ’s so much room for disagreement about the best metal of the decade reflects exactly how goddamn good the genre is these days .
Advertisement
Finally , thanks to everyone who ’s made this column a hit ; your enthusiasm and support just prove to me that I was right to ask the bosses to take a chance on running it .
Now : Presented in alphabetical order ( I may be crazy , but I ’m not crazy enough to try ranking these in order of preference ) , the best metal albums from 2000 - 2009 .
***
Advertisement
Agoraphobic Nosebleed , Frozen Corpse Stuffed With Dope ( 2002 )
38 tracks - Frozen Corpse Stuffed With Dope by Agoraphobic Nosebleed
Even if it were n’t blessed with the greatest album title of the decade , Agoraphobic Nosebleed ’s second album would make it on this list by virtue of distilling latter - day grindcore down to its essence .
Scott Hull almost gives the game away by sprinkling the record with samples from Alejandro Jodorowsky ’s blasphemous , surreal film The Holy Mountain , but the proof in this blood pudding is in the eating .
Cramming every bit of ugliness into the hilariously cruel song titles , Agoraphobic Nosebleed steps out of the way and just lets the pulverizing power of the music do its worst .
Advertisement
Amon Amarth , Twilight Of The Thunder God ( 2008 )
10 tracks - Twilight Of The Thunder God by Amon Amarth
Since the first primitive rock critics crawled up from the primordial muck , they have argued over what ’s meant by “ Viking metal . ”
Is it metal that Vikings might make ?
Is it metal played by the descendents of Vikings ?
Reliable Swedish death - dealer Amon Amarth cleared it up with this stunning release :
It ’s music that makes you feel like a Viking .
One rip through Twilight — which , unlike most death - metal albums , holds up surprisingly well from beginning to end — and you ’ll want to invade your neighbor ’s yard , burn his crops , and steal his treasures .
Metal should always be this fun .
Advertisement
Anaal Nathrakh , The Codex Necro ( 2001 )
13 tracks - The Codex Necro by Anaal Nathrakh
Exploding like Armageddon out of Birmingham , England — the birthplace of metal — Anaal Nathrakh has been putting out great records for eight years .
Those records have been remarkably consistent , but none as pure a statement of purpose as the first , which combined the sinister roar of early black metal with the scuttling wail of death metal .
It ’s soaked in a mystic moodiness ( the band is named after a sorcerer ’s chant from John Boorman ’s Excalibur ) , which gives it another dimension altogether .
The Codex Necro set a standard of blackened death that still has n’t been equaled .
Advertisement
Baroness , Blue Record ( 2009 )
12 tracks - Blue Record by Baroness
I was a late adopter with Baroness .
The earliest stuff left me cold , and while the virtues of Red Album were easy to see , it had downsides that I found distracting .
There was no room to cavil with Blue Record , though , thanks partly to a tremendous production job by John Congleton .
A perfect blend of Southern - fried sludge and proggy playing that almost spills into death - metal territory with none of the accompanying clichés , Blue Record is already seeing some “ hipster metal ” / “ metal for people who do n’t like metal ” backlash .
Do n’t let that scare you off of what might be the best heavy music album of 2009 .
Advertisement
Blut Aus Nord , The Work Which Transforms God ( 2003 )
12 tracks - The Work Which Transforms God by Blut Aus Nord
Black metal — the controversial subgenre that ’s led to murders and , even worse , tedious arguments over authenticity — has been around long enough to break out into many divergent paths .
One of the richest is the French black metal scene , with its increasing emphasis on creepy ambience and textured layers of sound .
Nowhere is that emphasis more clearly heard than on the game - changing The Work Which Transforms God .
One - named founder Vindsval created a soundscape both sparse and rewarding , with truly challenging lyrics and an overall feeling of being part of something magical and dangerous — like a spell you ca n’t stop casting .
Advertisement
Boris , Pink ( 2005 )
11 tracks - Pink by Boris
Long before The Sword , Boris was getting smeared as poseur metal .
It ’s unlikely that would have happened if the band was n’t Japanese , and if lead guitarist Wata was n’t a woman ; if the titanic sounds she wrenches out of an instrument almost as big as she is is n’t metal , then there ’s no such thing .
Boris is one of the most restless bands out there , never willing to settle in one place for long , but here , when it lands on the sweet spot between heavy drone and crushing stoner riffs , the band manages to become , for almost an hour , one of the best on the planet .
Advertisement
Converge , Jane Doe ( 2001 )
12 tracks - Jane Doe by Converge
Jane
Doe is a perfect example of the triumph of quality over genre .
Metalcore has never been my thing , and Converge has rarely lived up to my expectations , but a record with the raw power and aggression of Jane Doe simply cannot be denied .
Kurt Ballou channels
The Jesus Lizard in his meaty blasts of guitar noise , and the band as a whole finally manages to prove that it belongs in the same class as Cave In .
It ’s an essential album of its kind , proving even to doubters the value of skillful exploration of the gray area between punk and metal .
Advertisement
Deftones , White Pony ( 2000 )
12 tracks - White Pony by Deftones
Deftones was one of the few bands left after the great nü-metal crash of the late 1990s to stumble from the wreckage with any credibility intact .
After some very shaky early work , its members finally hit their mark with Around The Fur , and , almost as if they sensed a moment in time was fading , followed it up with the best record of their career .
Heavily symbolic , mature , and with a tight sound that Deftones never achieved before and never would again , White Pony was the last hurrah of the alternative metal movement — and the first great metal album of the 21st century .
Advertisement
The Dillinger Escape Plan , Ire Works ( 2007 )
13 tracks - Ire Works by The Dillinger Escape Plan
Though their sounds are nothing alike , it ’s easy to think of The Dillinger Escape Plan as the Minutemen of metal .
The band ’s hardworking approach to touring , commitment to a D.I.Y.
ethos , emotional and personal approach to politics , and angular , almost free - jazz musical attack recall the trio from Pedro , and Ben Weinman is equally thoughtful and passionate about his work in interviews .
( Both have also been plagued by endless bad luck . )
With Ire Works , DEP finally recorded an album as explosive and shattering as its legendary live shows , with an intensity and sophistication that matched its power .
Advertisement
Earthless , Rhythms From A Cosmic Sky ( 2007 )
3 tracks - Rhythms From A Cosmic Sky by Earthless
In only three songs — two monster , 20 + minute instrumental jams and one short , perfect rock song with vocals — this little - known San Diego trio recorded something close to the Platonic ideal of heavy rock .
From its rumbling opening to its screaming close , Rhythms From A Cosmic
Sky never gets fancy or tries to do something unheard of ; all it does is put three masterful musicians together and lets them play off of each other until the listener ’s ears start to bleed .
Advertisement
Electric Wizard , Dopethrone ( 2000 )
9 tracks - Dopethrone by Electric Wizard
In the band ’s early days , the knock against Electric Wizard was that it was too slavishly devoted to mimicking the slow - and - low doom - metal sound of early Black Sabbath .
If that ’s a crime , lock Jus Oborn up , and put me in the cell next to him .
The phrase “ stoner - metal ” gets applied to just about any band where you can hear the bass guitar , but no album has ever fit the description better :
This awesome , rumbling masterpiece reeks of resin , with Oborn ’s lyrics mixed so low and distant they sound almost like a hallucination .
Advertisement
Goatwhore , Carving Out The Eyes Of God ( 2009 )
10 tracks - Carving Out The Eyes Of God by Goatwhore
Metal , more than most genres , rewards consistency ; a lot of headbangers would just as soon their favorite bands keep making the same record over and over .
As elsewhere , though , there ’s always something to be said for progress , and Goatwhore ’s most recent record is a great leap forward .
Ben Falgoust ’s vocals and lyrics go way , way over the top , and Sammy Duet ’s guitars sound more savage than ever .
Both a culmination and a progression , Goatwhore reminds listeners why metal has a reputation for being terrifying .
Advertisement
Harvey Milk , Life … The Best Game In Town ( 2008 )
10 tracks - Life … The Best Game In Town by Harvey Milk
Maybe the best answer to the charge that metal does n’t have a sense of humor about itself , Athens ’ Harvey Milk combines a loopy approach to the material with powerful chops that sound entirely unique while still managing to incorporate bits and pieces of everything from ZZ Top to Iron Maiden to the Melvins .
Life … The Best Game
In Town features a truly hilarious cover and a killer sound from beginning to end , as if you made a mash - up of the best hard rock and noisy metal of the last two decades .
Advertisement
High On Fire , Blessed Black Wings ( 2005 )
9 tracks - Blessed Black Wings by High On Fire
Few people — myself included — thought that big , shirtless Matt Pike could possibly follow up the greatness of his old band Sleep with anything nearly as great .
After a few false starts , his new band , High On Fire , delivered Blessed Black Wings , one of the few metal albums of the decade met with nearly universal acclaim from both inside and outside the scene .
Ramping up the hypnotic stoner riffs of his previous work with ever - increasing guitar heroics and a simpatico recording job from Steve Albini , Pike and his henchmen ( including the underrated Joe Preston ) delivered one of the best records of the decade by any account .
Advertisement
Isis , Oceanic ( 2002 )
9 tracks - Oceanic by Isis
One of the problems with what ’s come to be called “ post - metal ” is that too frequently , in its search to be dense and meaningful , it forgets to be heavy .
That ’s not the case with Oceanic , the appropriately named album that marked Isis ’ graduation from interesting to legendary .
While its complexity and sophistication — light - years beyond what most bands would even contemplate — are unquestionable , Oceanic never lets up on the hardness , conjuring bands like Godflesh and Swans at their most intense .
A library without this album is missing a major reason why metal remains such a vital art form .
Advertisement
The Mars Volta , Frances The Mute ( 2005 )
5 tracks - Frances the Mute by The Mars Volta
The Mars Volta has n’t done much since 2005 to preserve its initial reputation .
The band ’s albums have decreased in quality ; solo projects have been too many in number and too little in necessity ; and the vocals are still intolerably Geddy Lee-ish .
But for one glorious moment , TMV did everything right : Frances
The Mute simply connects on every level , from the striking cover art to the creepy lyrics to the diverse elements thrown into the musical mix .
The band was never again able to be so eclectic without calling attention to that eclecticism , or so progressive without being overblown , but here , it got everything just right .
Well , except for those vocals .
Advertisement
Mastodon , Leviathan ( 2004 )
10 tracks - Leviathan by Mastodon
One of the first metal albums of the decade to reach a non-metal audience , Leviathan — Mastodon ’s epic retelling of Moby Dick — was , naturally , one of the first albums to become part of the “ hipster - metal ” backlash that got applied to any band that drew in crowds who were n’t hardcore headbangers .
Fuck what the haters say , though : Mastodon ’s masterpiece is an impeccable piece of work , delivered with an intensity that makes it seem like the band is going to burst out of the speakers and trash the joint , and an intelligence that belies the neck - snapping power of the riffs .
Advertisement
Melechesh , Djinn ( 2001 )
10 tracks - Djinn by Melechesh
Every list of this sort deserves an indulgent pick of an unjustly slept - on band ; here ’s mine .
Jerusalem ’s Melechesh — a mixed group of Arab and Jewish musicians who have actually spent time in jail because of their home town ’s strict anti-blasphemy laws — offers living proof of metal ’s latter - day international presence , and its hyper - intense , rapid - fire death metal riffing , combined with the Middle Eastern sounds , results in a fiercely original sound .
When I first played this for a non-headbanging friend , he said , “ This is what I think metal should sound like . ” I could n’t agree more .
Advertisement
The Melvins , ( A ) Senile Animal ( 2006 )
10 tracks - A Senile Animal by Melvins
Talk to almost any good metal band of the last 20 years , and chances are good that they ’ll cite the Melvins as an influence .
So how come nobody sounds like the Melvins ?
Well , because the band is just that good .
And when some bands finally got the hang of aping that sludgy , powerful , immovable - object sound , the Melvins switched it up ; on A Senile Animal , they absorbed the likeminded band Big Business and created a crushing sound that was a major development , but also unmistakably Melvins .
The result was Melvins ’ best record of the aughties , a rollicking , filthy celebration of noisy and beautiful squalor .
Advertisement
Meshuggah , Catch Thirtythree ( 2005 )
13 tracks - Catch Thirty Three by Meshuggah
For quite some time , Meshuggah , the Swedish five - piece that mixes extreme death metal and complete fucking insanity , has been , in the vernacular of another favorite musical genre of mine , on some next - level shit .
But even fans of groundbreaking work like Destroy Erase Improve and the I EP were caught flat - footed by Catch Thirtythree , which even now is a pretty hard thing to wrap one ’s head around .
A concept album about paradoxes , it fittingly contains plenty of them :
Its jaw - dropping guitar work somehow combines the nearly ritual composition of death metal with the footloose improvisation of free jazz , and the equally stunning drum work of mastermind Tomas Haake is n’t actually played on the drums .
Do n’t try to understand it ; just put it on , turn it up , and let it happen .
Advertisement
Opeth , Watershed ( 2008 )
7 tracks - Watershed by Opeth
Another band it takes some getting used to , Sweden ’s Opeth combines prog rock , folk rock , and death metal in a way that can either blow listeners away or alienate them .
The band put out a number of albums this decade that garnered high praise , especially Blackwater Park and Ghost Reveries , but the former was a bit too prog-stained and the latter inconsistent and inchoate .
Watershed , however , brought it all together in a way Opeth ’s previous albums promised but never quite delivered .
Its sound was the sound of a band , settled and finally fully comfortable working together , doing exactly what it set out to do , and doing it well .
Advertisement
Orthrelm , OV ( 2005 )
1 tracks - OV by Orthrelm
In Inventory , the delightful A.V. Club book that ’s in stores now and makes a perfect Christmas gift , someone cites Orthrelm ’s OV as the perfect music to clear out a room when the party ’s over .
That someone was me , but that does n’t mean I did n’t like it .
In fact , the album — featuring insane guitar playing by Mick Barr and inhuman drumming by Josh Blair — takes the ultra - formalist strain of technical death metal about as far as it can possibly go , completely transcending genre .
By the time the spellbinding , patience - testing 45 - minute title track is over , it ’s gone beyond metal into a sort of minimalist program music of a sort that would n’t seem alien to fans of Terry Riley or Steve Reich .
Advertisement
Pelican , The Fire In Our Throats Will Beckon The Thaw ( 2005 )
7 tracks - Fire In Our Throats Will Beckon the Thaw by Pelican
Chicago has been a hotbed of modern metal , spanning terrific bands like Lair Of The Minotaur , Born Of Osiris , and Nachtmystium .
But Chicago has also long been a formidable producer of post - rock , and those tendencies come together in Pelican , the closest thing post- metal has to a supergroup .
Making its reputation with a series of hypnotic , powerful live performances , the band has successfully translated that vibe to record , and this is the best of the lot .
Its slow , throbbing builds form a perfect transition from the moodier post - rock sounds of the band ’s early work to the stunning riffage of its later albums .
Advertisement
Pig Destroyer , Phantom Limb ( 2007 )
15 tracks - Phantom Limb by Pig Destroyer
Metal may be a big tent , but it ’s not immune to the influence of attention - grabbing talents .
There are a handful of bands and performers whose skill and vision are such that they could almost dominate this list by themselves ; Scott Hull is one of them .
Though there are marked differences between his work with Agoraphobic Nosebleed , Pig Destroyer , and Anal Cunt , the unifying factor is his terrifying instrumental ferocity that sounds like an entire band playing at once .
Vocalist J.R.
Hayes should n’t be ignored , though ; his surprisingly deep , menacing lyrics are among the best in metal .
Advertisement
Queens Of The Stone Age , Songs For The Deaf ( 2002 )
15 tracks - Songs For The Deaf by Queens of the Stone Age
Songs For
The Deaf was a huge chart success , and a lot of critics predicted that it would be the album to set off a new age of metal chart domination .
That did n’t happen , but it should n’t stop anyone from recognizing it for the stone classic that it is .
Josh Homme incorporated his High Desert past into every song on the album and then added more , assembling a crackerjack band ( including Dave Grohl doing the best drumming of his career ) to pound out song after memorable song of superb hard rock .
Advertisement
Skeletonwitch , Breathing The Fire ( 2009 )
12 tracks - Breathing The Fire by Skeletonwitch
While it ’s gratifying to see bands like Slayer , Testament , and Megadeth still doing excellent work , it ’s even more fun to see a whole new generation of young , skilled , and enthusiastic bands spearheading the thrash revival .
And while there ’s plenty of fun to be had with the more purist groups like Warbringer and Municipal Waste , Skeletonwitch raises its game by incorporating death metal and black metal shadings into hyperactive thrash .
The band ’s follow - up to the amazing Beyond The Permafrost is even better , with more great riffs per song than most bands manage on a full album .
Advertisement
Slayer , Christ Illusion ( 2006 )
11 tracks - Christ Illusion by Slayer
If L.L. Cool J is done with it , Slayer would probably like to borrow “ Do n’t call it a comeback ” as a slogan .
Every album since Seasons
In The Abyss has been critiqued through the comeback lens , but none makes the return - to - greatness argument more convincingly than Christ Illusion .
Featuring some of Kerry King ’s best guitar playing , head - crushing drums from Dave Lombardo , and even a controversial hit single in the form of “ Jihad , ” it convincingly make the case that Slayer is still the greatest metal band in the world .
Advertisement
Sleep , Dopesmoker ( 2003 )
2 tracks - Dopesmoker by Sleep
Considering all the trouble that Matt Pike had to go through — including innumerable production delays , cost overruns , and a duel with his record label , which considered it unmarketable — to get Sleep ’s masterpiece released in the format he wanted , he had to have wondered on occasion if it was all worth it .
Not many people heard the stoner epic Dopesmoker , but those who did are in unison : Accept no substitutes .
This is the one and only of its kind .
Advertisement
The Sword , Age Of Winters ( 2006 )
9 tracks - Age of Winters by The Sword
Insert snide comment about hipsters here .
Decorate with photo of J.D. Cronise wearing a trucker hat , and add a generous helping of snotty aspersions about the character of people from Austin .
Top off with dismissal of any song appearing in a Guitar Hero game .
Now erase all that and just sit down and listen to Age Of Winters .
If you ’re not banging your head by the second track , then you ’re letting your preconceptions get in the way of the music .
This is simply a kick - ass heavy metal album , and anything else is just a distraction .
Advertisement
System Of A Down , Toxicity ( 2001 )
15 tracks - Toxicity by System Of A Down
The capstone — and death knell — of the nü-metal movement came the week before September 11 , when System Of A Down released its massively successful Toxicity album .
It was all downhill from there .
As Daron Malakian ( lately of the dreadful Scars On Broadway ) gained more control of the band and Serj Tankian became less interested in its direction , SOAD ’s albums became less worth hearing .
But for one album , Tankian ’s keen voice , Malakian ’s intricate guitars , and John Dolmayan ’s polyrhythmic drums came together to deliver song after song of exciting yet radio - friendly art - metal .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Being black or Asian in the UK no longer means you will be automatically disadvantaged , Communities Secretary John Denham has said .
He said progress made since 2000 meant that , while racial discrimination still existed , disadvantage was now more linked to poverty , class and identity .
Mr Denham said the problems of white working - class areas must be tackled .
The government is trying to get a major equalities bill through Parliament before the election .
' New trends '
Launching a review of government policy on race on Thursday , Mr Denham said the UK was now so used to diversity that many of the historic problems with racial discrimination were fading , even if they had not yet died .
In their place , he argued , there was a more complex and subtle challenge for policy makers and public services , where people did not achieve their full potential because of other factors beyond their ethnicity .
Clearly there are still huge racial disadvantages in our society
Lord Ouseley , former chairman of Commission for Racial Equality
Analysis : Labour 's class struggle Send us your comments
These included their social class , community and identity .
While children with Chinese heritage tended to excel at school , boys from white working - class areas were doing far worse .
" Britain today is not the same place as it was a decade ago , " Mr Denham said .
" We therefore have to make sure that our efforts are tackling problems of today and not those of the past .
" New trends that are linked to race , class and identity make the situation much more complex .
" That does not mean that we should reduce our efforts to tackle racism and promote race equality but we must avoid a one - dimensional debate that assumes all minority ethnic people are disadvantaged .
" If the cause of disadvantage is social class , we will promote opportunity .
And if the cause is a combination of racism and social class we will tackle both together . "
Social mobility The Department for Communities has earmarked £ 12 m to look at entrenched social problems in 130 predominantly white working - class areas .
The move has been widely seen as an attempt by Labour Party leaders to counter the rise of the BNP , after criticism from within the party that it had failed to heed the warning signs of a backlash against new economic migration .
Mr Denham has denied claims that these areas have been forgotten - but has acknowledged that the far - right gains where people do not believe their grievances have been dealt with .
The government 's Equalities Bill , currently in its final Parliamentary stages , is designed to change the way public services work by ordering them to take into account the needs of all groups in society .
Caroline Spelman , for the Conservatives , said Mr Denham 's new initiative was an acknowledgement that its policies on social equality had failed .
" While Gordon Brown has played class warfare politics , social mobility has gone backwards under Labour .
" Britain ca n't go on with a government that has seen the rich get richer while the poor get poorer .
" In contrast to Labour 's approach , Conservatives will support aspiration so that people from every background have the chance to get on in life . "
' Hidden discrimination ' Lord Ouseley , former chairman of the Racial Equality Commission and chairman of a campaign to end racism in football , Kick It Out , said the government deserved praise for its actions over the past 12 years .
But he added : " Clearly there are still huge racial disadvantages in our society . "
" There is quite a considerable amount of hidden discrimination that still takes place in our society , " he said .
TUC general secretary Brendan Barber welcomed Mr Denham 's statement , saying : " The introduction of the duty on public bodies to promote race equality has undoubtedly made a real difference to the way in which our schools , police forces , NHS and local councils serve and employ people from ethnic communities , but more will always need to be done .
" In particular in the private sector , employers are not required to promote race equality , just to avoid discrimination which relies on individuals pursuing complaints against employers before anything is done . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Many of us missed this particular video in the run up to Prop 8 and is perhaps one of the most offensive , with high production value appealing to young voters .
This video among others was presented as evidence in court today .
Watch :
More on homophobic pastor Miles McPherson here .
Post by ILO on 01/11/10 at 2:58 pm
France : Is Banning The Burqa A Good Idea ?
On Tuesday , the French parliament called the burqa “ a challenge to national values ” , and backed the ban of the full Islamic veil from public places such as schools , hospitals , government offices and transport systems .
The 200 pages report , put together by a parliamentary committee , was made public on Tuesday .
“ The wearing of the full veil is a challenge to our Republic .
This is unacceptable , ” said the report .
The debate about the garment was started last June by President Sarkozy , when the French leader said that “ the burqa is not welcome in France , and is a symbol of the subservience of women that was not in line with the French Republic ’s core value of equality . ”
The latest poll indicates that most French voters support a ban on the burqa .
The burqa ban has been a divisive issue among French politicians .
On the left , some say banning the full veil from public places does n’t go far enough , while others say any ban would stigmatize and further antagonize France large Muslim community .
On the right , the current leader of the ruling UMP party , Jean - Francois Cope , said he would propose his own bill which would provide for a complete ban with an “ on the spot fine for offenders ” .
The burqa is a controversial issue in France because of the symbolic behind the full veil , but in reality only about 1,900 women wear a form of the all covering veil in France .
Despite what is usually reported by the US media , a large majority of the 5 million Muslims residing in France are secular .
Most French Muslims live in the areas around Paris and Lyon , and France has around 1,900 Mosques or prayer sites with only 20 of them sporting minarets .
According to a recent poll , only 23 percent of French Muslims go to the Mosque on Fridays , the Muslim holy day .
However , the French parliament ’s decision , if it is finalized in a law , could increase tensions between the Muslim community and other communities in France .
“ The ban is about sending a message to the Muslim community .
The message is clear to the average Muslim woman .
If you want to go down the route of practicing your religion here is how we are going to treat you in the future .
Also most French citizens , Muslims included , are for freedom - the freedom to practice your religion , the freedom to dress however you want to dress , whether that be a miniskirt or a burqa .
This will reduce the overall freedom of French citizens , ” said French Muslim author , Marwan Muhammed in an interview with Al Jazeera .
What do Sherlock Holmes , Gaga , Jay - Z , and the New York Times have in common ?
If the past few weeks are any indication , it ’s a vested interest in occultish secret societies : the Masonic order and Illuminati , to be exact .
Hold up : what ’s an Illuminati ?
Adam Weishaupt founded the secretive group of “ free thinkers , ” an offshoot of the Enlightenment movement , in Bavaria in 1776 .
Because of its cloak - and - dagger pretense , the sect has since gained a much more sinister reputation in the canon of pop culture .
Is the group of “ ruling elite ” a New World Order conspiracy ?
Probably not .
But it sure is fun to speculate .
Paranoid blogger
The Vigilant Citizen claims that “ hiding one ’s eye can be traced back to the ‘ eye of Horus ’ of Egyptian mythology .
This symbolism seems to have evolved into a a kind of signal flashed by artists who have been initiated into the select circle of Illuminati pop stars . ”
Evidence ?
Lady Gaga and Rihanna .
In fact , Our Lady of No Pants might even be an Illuminati puppet .
Here she is posing in what appears to be a Masonic temple .
( The gold symbol on the throne at left , the “ twin pillars ” of Jachim and Boaz at right . )
No matter that the Gags references all sorts of batshit cultural ephemera in her costumes and performances and is as much as a member of the Illuminati as she is an actual alien sex slave .
Guy Ritchie ’s loose interpretation of the Sherlock Holmes franchise introduces a diabolical foil to our confident hero , an aristocrat named Lord Blackwood who invokes the devotion of his own secret society , The Temple of the Four Orders , to exercise mind control on the powers that control Victorian London .
Trickery and chalice - sipping and crested rings and and poofs of smoke ensue .
Hokey , sure , but is n’t it all ?
The Vigilant Citizen sez , “ Sasha Fierce is wearing a metal plate featuring Baphomet ’s vehicule , [ whose face ] is also featured on the sigil of the Church of Satan . ”
Next up : B ’s hubby Jigga .
By all accounts , Jay - Z is a savvy businessman , but is he also a vessel for Baphomet worshipers from the Illuminati ?
He ’s been photographed sporting a sweatshirt reading “ Do What Thou Wilt , ” purportedly the slogan of nefarious 19th - century personality and occultist Aleister Crowley .
Jay ’s latest video , “ On to the Next One ” with Swizz Beatz , also contains some heavy references to the sect : animal skulls , horns , chalices of blood , face paint , and ( snort ) devil hand signs in front of halo imagery .
Semi-debunking the mystery of the Masonic order is an op - ed piece in last week ’s Times by Holly Brubach .
Brubach profiles a growing “ transparency ” on behalf of the Freemasons , whose PR team is hard at work “ updating ” the Masonic vibe for the 21st century .
The rituals will be written down for the first time ever , and the order is trying to recruit the under - 30 set to carry on the flame .
She also points out there this is a ( hilarious ) YouTube video exhibiting the “ secret ” handshakes of the Freemasons and Illuminati .
Take all that with a grain of salt .
Related : The Awl points us to an amazing , pun-laden article on the same topic from a 1998 issue of Vibe .
Which goes to show that nothing is new and the secret worshipers of Baphomet will be controlling our minds forever .
Pro wrestling fans wo n’t have to wait long for another exciting Monday night .
Reports have confirmed that the second edition of the 2010 Monday Night Wrestling Wars between TNA Wrestling and the World Wrestling Entertainment will take place in March .
Spike TV will air TNA Impact live on Monday night March 1 , which will go head - to - head with WWE RAW for the second time this year .
This is huge news and a real positive sign for TNA Wrestling and its fans .
Regardless of whether you are a TNA fan or not , there is no denying the success they had on January 04 when they went live against WWE RAW .
TNA Wrestling exceeded even the most positive expectations by grabbing 2.9 million TNA Impact viewers that night .
TNA broke its own record with a 1.88 rating for the 9 PM segment featuring Hulk Hogan , Eric Bischoff , and the reunited N.W.O .
As a matter of a fact , TNA even beat UFC ’s ratings one week later in the same spot .
The quick turnaround for a second Monday night special is a big sign of confidence that Spike TV has in its pro wrestling brand .
As for the show itself , Impact was a bit of a mixed bag that night .
If you liked surprises , the show was full of surprises from Ric Flair to Jeff Hardy .
If you are a longtime TNA Wrestling fan , you were probably a bit disappointed that the show featured very few TNA regulars .
Obviously in the end it was a success if you judge success on ratings .
Keep in mind that this was on a night that featured the 12 - year WWE RAW return of Bret Hart .
There are conflicting reports that indicate that this may be a permanent move .
Reportedly , TNA will move TNA Impact to Monday nights permanently beginning in March .
Nothing has been officially confirmed as of yet , but the betting dollar looks to be moving in that direction .
Reports also indicate that the show would air live every other week .
While TNA did have a successful night on January 04 , I have to question the logic of these Monday night specials .
Sure , it is always exciting for wrestling fans to sit back and watch a Monday night war .
But , what kind of business sense does it make for TNA to try and compete with the WWE ?
That would be like me taking my blog and boasting about competing with Sports Illustrated .
It just does n’t make sense .
Unless I am missing the big business picture , this seems to be about nothing more than satisfying the egos of Eric Bischoff and Hulk Hogan rather than it does expanding TNA Wrestling and drawing more money .
It would be unfair of me to criticize the show two months out .
Yet , I do n’t know what TNA has left to go head - to - head with the WWE ?
They have already blown their load with Hogan , Bischoff , the N.W.O. , Ric Flair , Ken Anderson , and Jeff Hardy .
There are n’t any other attainable pro wrestling free agents available at this time that could give them a pool of surprise guests to spread throughout a two - hour show .
The only possible yet likely impossible free agent at this point would be Bill Goldberg .
Even if TNA Wrestling were to grab Goldberg , that would only be one segment of a two - hour show .
I have no idea who else they could drop in throughout the show to keep viewership or even take some fans away from WWE RAW .
Brock Lesnar could be an intriguing name if Spike TV gets involved and facilitates a deal between TNA and the UFC .
Lesnar is rumored to be fighting in March , which would make the promotional appearance timely .
Even then , you only have two names as opposed to the handful you had back on January 04 .
The timing is also something that is high risk / high reward for TNA .
TNA will be going up against WWE RAW right smack in the middle of their WrestleMania push .
Generally , this is the largest audience of the year for the WWE .
The WWE has already announced Cheech and Chong as special Guest Hosts for the night .
I think there is some big time crossover appeal in that one .
Reportedly The Rock is already in the mix to Guest Host or make an appearance during this time .
The positive is that you will have a larger than usual audience on March 01 to pool viewers from .
While Cheech and Chong are scheduled , the WWE could always pull an audible or get The Rock involved on top of Cheech and Chong .
The downside about going head - to - head at this time of the year is that if the WWE can create compelling WrestleMania storylines , nobody is going anywhere .
On top of that , if The Rock just happens to be available March 01 than it is game over for TNA Wrestling .
Nonetheless , it is a very gutsy move for TNA Wrestling to air live on Monday March 01 .
At the same time , I do question the motives here of Bischoff and Hogan when it is n’t their money or their butts at the end of the day that would be accountable for a failure .
I think a better idea would have been for TNA to wait until after WrestleMania to go live against WWE RAW or just concentrate on branding Thursday nights as their own .
Hopefully they have a big gun in the holster , because if not , than this thing could get ugly real fast for Dixie and company .
UPDATE – Since the publishing of this blog , TNA announced that they will permanently move to Monday nights starting March 8 and go live every other week .
The move will delay the start of the Monday Night Wars another week , yet give the WWE an opportunity at grabbing a bigtime Guest Host for WWE RAW .
Order the WWE Hulk Hogan ’s Unreleased Collector ’s Series DVD collection by clicking here .
Order The Monday Night War – WWE Raw vs. WCW Nitro DVD by clicking here .
From the ring to your wall – WWE REAL .
BIG Wall Graphics on sale now at Fat Head !
( Visited 117 times , 1 visits today )
Eric G. Eric is the owner and editor - in - chief of the Camel Clutch Blog .
Eric has worked in the pro wrestling industry since 1995 as a ring announcer in ECW and a commentator / host on television , PPV , and home video .
Eric also hosted Pro Wrestling Radio on terrestrial radio from 1998 - 2009 .
Check out some of Eric 's work on his IMDB bio and Wikipedia .
Eric has an MBA from Temple University 's Fox School of Business .
More Posts - Website Follow Me :
BEIJING  Chinese officials , stung by criticism in the West that China had sabotaged a legally binding agreement for reducing greenhouse gases during talks in Copenhagen , fired back on Tuesday , saying that wealthy nations were seeking to sow discord among developing countries in a cynical attempt to avoid reducing their own emissions .
In comments made to the state - run media , a Foreign Ministry spokeswoman took umbrage at the assertions made by Ed Miliband , the British secretary of state for energy and climate change , who said that Beijing had thwarted the passage of an ironclad agreement last week .
Mr. Miliband , in an article published Sunday in The Guardian , accused China of scuttling a proposal that would have reduced global emissions by 50 percent by 2050 with developed countries pledging to reduce climate - warming pollution by 80 percent over the same period .
“ The last two weeks at times have presented a farcical picture to the public , ” he wrote .
“ We cannot again allow negotiations on real points of substance to be hijacked in this way . ”
In spite of some of the reaction to it , I find Google Wave to be surprisingly useful .
One thing I do n’t really understand , though , is its scrollbars .
They behave quite differently from regular scrollbars , and I ca n’t discern any overwhelming advantages of Google ’s implementation .
It seems I ’m not alone .
The unofficial Google Wave manual deems it necessary to explain how the scrollbars work .
Google ’s own support site for Wave has an entry titled What ’s the deal with the scrollbar ? , Google has a video explaining the scrollbars , and there ’s even a Chrome extension and a Greasomonkey script which replace Google ’s scrollbars with native scrollbars .
As a general rule , there ’s nothing wrong with replacing native widgets with different - looking versions ; visual consistency is overrated .
As long as people can clearly and immediately recognize your widgets , usability wo n’t suffer .
However , if you ’re going to change how people interact with your widgets , you should have a really good reason .
People have been using scrollbars for decades .
They work the same on every popular platform .
Unless there ’s a compelling reason , it ’s a bad idea to change how scrollbars work in your particular application .
Let ’s look at what Google has changed .
The picture on the left shows Mac OS X ’s native scrollbars .
On the right , Google ’s scrollbars .
The two scrollbars provide the exact same functions , but use different means of achieving them .
Indicating Document Size
Google indicates document size using the little horizontal « stopper » at the bottom of the screenshot .
The further down the stopper , the longer the document .
On most systems , document size is indicated by the size of the thumb ( the little draggable element inside the scrollbar ) .
Since the thumb represents the visible part of the document , a smaller thumb indicates a larger document .
This system makes the length of the document intuitively obvious ; if the thumb ’s size is a third of the scrollbar , the document is three times as long as its currently visible part .
Waves change in size while you use them .
Google ’s system has the advantage that it wo n’t move the thumb too much when that happens .
Typically , waves grow at the bottom , which simply moves the stopper .
Scrolling by clicking
Most systems make it possible to scroll by clicking the scrollbar ’s arrows .
Here ’s how this looks using Mac OS X :
Please use Safari or Firefox to watch this movie .
Using Google ’s scrollbars , it ’s also possible to scroll by clicking , but since the arrows are attached to the thumb , that creates a bit of a problem .
Typically , the thumb indicates the scroll position .
But since you ca n’t move the thumb while the user is clicking on it , Google has introduced a second element , a « shadow » that is displayed below the thumb .
This shadow indicates the current scroll position :
Please use Safari or Firefox to watch this movie .
If the user moves the mouse away , the thumb will eventually move to the shadow .
Additionally , clicking the arrow in Google Wave scrolls exactly one screen .
Using most other systems , this is achieved by clicking the « empty » part of a scrollbar .
Google
Wave does not have a clickable scrollbar .
Scrolling by Dragging
Again , here ’s how Mac OS X does this :
Please use Safari or Firefox to watch this movie .
It works similarly using Google Wave , but there ’s a noticeable lag .
Again , the shadow is used to indicate the actual scroll position , because scroll position lags behind thumb position :
Please use Safari or Firefox to watch this movie .
Google ’s implementation performs noticeably worse than the native implementation .
Advantages
The unofficial Google Wave manual claims that Google ’s scrollbar works better on devices with a limited mousing area :
Google ’s intention is to benefit people accessing Wave on mobile devices or netbooks with a limited mousing area .
I ’m guessing the idea is that thanks to the stopper , you typically do n’t have to move the mouse very far to scroll through the whole document .
However , at least on some mobile devices with small touchscreens ( such as Android devices or the iPhone ) , Wave uses a completely different UI that sports native scrollbars .
Google ’s implementation also uses less space than a normal scroll bar , since it sits on the edge of each scrollable area .
And it ’s extensible .
If Google wanted to use the scrollbar to , say , indicate changes to a wave , they could easily add that feature .
Even so , the disadvantages of Google ’s scrollbar are obvious .
The main cause of problem seems to be the arrows .
They are attached to the thumb and require Google to split « scroll indicator » and thumb into two different interface elements .
Google could retain the advantages of its implementation while also creating a solution that works naturally for people who are used to native scrollbars by simply removing the arrows from the thumb and replacing the stopper with them , and removing the separate scroll indicator shadow altogether .
One problem this design has is that when the content size changes , the arrows will move , which may potentially cause the user to miss them if they move in the exact wrong moment .
Another solution fixing this problem would be to keep the stopper and put the two arrows at the top of the scrollbar .
However , without knowing exactly what problem the people at Google were trying to solve with their scrollbar , it ’s impossible to say whether this change would work for them .
Update
This text has two follow - ups which look at scrollbars in OPEN LOOK and Picasa .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 December 26
Explanation :
The 51st entry in Charles Messier 's famous catalog is perhaps the original spiral nebula - a large galaxy with a well defined spiral structure also cataloged as NGC 5194 .
Over 60,000 light - years across , M51's spiral arms and dust lanes clearly sweep in front of its companion galaxy ( top ) , NGC 5195 .
Image data from the Hubble 's Advanced Camera for Surveys has been reprocessed to produce this alternative portrait of the well - known interacting galaxy pair .
The processing has further sharpened details and enhanced color and contrast in otherwise faint areas , bringing out dust lanes and extended streams that cross the small companion , along with features in the surroundings and core of M51 itself .
The pair are about 31 million light - years distant .
Not far on the sky from the handle of the Big Dipper , they officially lie within the boundaries of the small constellation Canes Venatici .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars.com
December 30 , 2009
Newt Gingrich said in a twitter the other day that the government needs to begin profiling people in response to the staged Christmas day underwear non-bombing .
“ We need a new policy of systematically going after terrorists that involves explicit profiling and explicit discrimination for behavior , ” said the prominent neocon .
“ It is time to go to profiling of dangerous people . ”
Neocons such as Newt Gingrich want to create a Nazi - like profiling system .
Neocon talk radio host Mike Gallagher threw in his two cents .
“ There should be a separate line to scrutinize anybody with the name Abdul or Ahmed or Mohammed , ” he said .
Gallagher is a regular at Fox News and often fills in for the “ great American ” ( great for cheer - leading wars and illegal occupations ) Sean Hannity .
Gingrich , Gallagher , and the neocons are taking their cues from Rep. Peter King of New York who raised the idea of profiling people based on their religions .
Newt Gingrich is a top neocon mobster at both the American Enterprise Institute and the Hoover Institution .
He served on the Pentagon ’s Defense Policy Board along with arch criminal Henry Kissinger , the Prince of Darkness Richard Perle , and former CIA boss James Woolsey .
The Pentagon has historically packed the Board with operatives from Bechtel , Boeing , TRW , Northrop Grumman , Lockheed Martin , Booz Allen Hamilton , and other death merchants .
Gingrich , the neocon cabal , and the Board are directly responsible for the murder of 1.2 million people in Iraq .
[ efoods ]
As Infowars and Prison Planet have detailed over the last few days , the Muslim would - be underwear bomber Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab is an obvious patsy who is currently being used to create a new state of irrational hysteria , calls for draconian limitations on civil liberties , and demands that the poverty - stricken state of Yemen be attacked and more innocents slaughtered .
It is not surprising that Gingrich and his crew of fellow neocons are calling for Nazi - like measures against Muslims .
Neocons were sidelined after the election of Wall Street front man Barack Obama .
However , with this latest orchestrated effort to reinvigorate the flagging war on terror , they are once again chortling for mass murder and profiling of Muslims akin to Nazis profiling Jews in Germany .
Neocons love the orchestrated underwear non-bombing incident because it once again thrusts them into the limelight and rekindles their warped and sadistic fantasies of stinking pyres of mass murdered Muslims from Yemen to Iran and beyond .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Estate administration
Being left the responsibility of the Executor of an estate can be overwhelming .
Our team can guide you through the process and ensure the estate is administered in a timely manner and ensure you are legally protected .
How long have so many of us had the same exact sentiment as this ?
It ’s way past time to move on from PHRF for those of us that are relatively serious about racing .
As much as we spend on boats , racing sails , gear , etc . we should not be relying on an outdated and relatively arbitrary rating system like PHRF .
It ’s time to move up to a Measurement - based VPP rating system .
I have been doing some research on the different rating systems and this is what I think :
ORC is the answer because :
– ratings are objective , based purely on measurements and VPP science , and there are no appeals for ratings ( unlike PHRF and ORR - EZ ) .
ORR - EZ allows owner declared values just like PHRF .
– ratings are calculated for different courses and wind speeds , making results closer and more accurate ( unlike PHRF )
– rules , certificates and data are completely open source for full transparency ( unlike ORR , IRC or PHRF ) .
ORR claims they keep their system proprietary in order to discourage attempts to design boats “ to the rule ” .
The reality is the rich guys will hire the smart guys and will figure out how to “ game the system ” , meanwhile the rest of us will be left wondering why we traded one closed system for [... ]
“ Twitter ” – Most Popular Word of the Year
The Global Language Monitor declared the word “ twitter ” as the most popular word for the year 2009 while “ global warming ” is top word of the decade .
The social network site has been consistently on news outlets for opinion polls and by various personalities to express statements .
The irony is that the runner - up word “ Obama ” is the name of the president who admitted that he does n’t use Twitter .
Barack Obama however was the top name of the year , which in turn defeated runner - up Michael Jackson .
However , “ King of Pop ” , a title attributed to Jackson was voted top phrase of the year .
Meanwhile , “ global warming ” has been chosen as top word of the decade for the enormous and conscious effort for environmental awareness .
It is rightly timed for next week ’s world climate change conference in Copenhagen .
Almost three weeks ago , the New Oxford American Dictionary declared “ unfriend ” as word of the year , another word related to the social networking phenomenon .
As a member of the media covering the tragedy in Haiti , it 's with a sense of alarm and astonishment that I 've witnessed how some senior aid officials have argued for withholding aid of the utmost urgency because of sensational claims about violence and insecurity , which appear to be based more on fantasy than reality .
John O'Shea , who runs the well - known Irish aid agency Goal , has joined this chorus , telling the Guardian he could n't get his trucks from the Dominican Republic to Haiti because he had no guarantees his drivers would n't be " macheted to death on the way down " .
He added that Goal has no plans to deploy its much - needed doctors and nurses on the streets of Port - au - Prince .
From what I 've observed , such chilling claims do not match the reality on the ground ; and by trumpeting a distorted and sensational picture about the violence , some senior aid officials may be culpable of undermining the very aid effort they are supposed to be promoting .
When I traveled into Haiti 's disaster zone last week from the Dominican Republic , I did so alone and on a bus , whose passengers were mostly Haitians , including some living in the US .
Since then , whether on the road to Port - au - Prince or within the city , I have not witnessed anyone wielding a gun , a machete or a club of any kind .
Nor have I witnessed an act of violence .
( I have seen one badly wounded man who had been shot in circumstances which were unclear and who was eventually rescued by US soldiers after an American reporter sought help . )
Any violence is localised and sporadic ; the situation is desperate yet not dangerous in general .
Crucially , it 's not a war zone ; it 's a disaster zone – and there appears to have been little attempt to distinguish carefully between destructive acts of criminality and the behaviour of starving people helping themselves to what they can forage .
For Haitians and many of those trying to help them , the overriding sentiment is that a massive catastrophe on this scale should n't have to wait for aid because blanket security is the absolute priority .
Moreover hundreds of journalists , volunteers from churches and private individuals have traveled in from the Dominican Republic , some of them bringing in desperately needed aid .
From what I know , not a single person who has attempted to provide assistance to the people of Port - au - Prince , including medics , has run into any serious trouble .
En route to Port - au - Prince I met David Pierre - Louis , a 31 - year - old Haitian - American , who had come to find his mother and bring much needed medical supplies .
Happily , he found her alive and well , and later , she and a local nurse used the medicine David brought all the way from Seattle to set up a makeshift clinic on a street near her shattered home .
David , who runs a jazz club in Seattle , is now trying to fill the void by sending in his own medical supplies paid for by donations from the Haitian - American community and other concerned Americans .
He told me :
" Haitians here cannot understand why they 're not getting help , especially as the way the violence is portrayed is not right .
The people are unhappy that there 's been no assistance but do you see them rioting in the streets ?
No .
" People are hungry and needy and yet they 're being portrayed as savages .
Aid is not getting there quick enough and that 's sad because the solution is right there and we have the power to do it . "
John O'Shea has shown in the past that his aid agency has the power to do it .
Yet this time , while the Irish people have generously donated more than 1 m euros to Goal for their Haiti operations , the agency has yet to swing into action .
While announcing that they hope to start some limited food distribution in one location in Port - au - Prince , O'Shea is insisting on a change in the security situation first before their operation can be rolled out , medics and all .
There are some real security issues in Port - au - Prince but some of the more alarming images and incidents portrayed in the media must be seen for what they are , and in context .
Reports about marauding , machete - wielding gangs taking over Port - au - Prince are very wide of the mark .
The people are welcoming and helpful to those who come to help them and , if anything , go out of their way to ensure you are safe .
Last weekend , in the park near the destroyed presidential palace , which has become a makeshift refugee camp for tens of thousands , we meet three Cuban doctors and nurses .
They were working alone , without an escort , and they were treating a large group of injured men women and children , who calmly waited their turn .
That night , on the other side of the park , I saw a group of homeless queueing patiently to collect water in plastic containers .
No one was harassing them , and there was no sign of any of the criminal gangs that supposedly now rule the streets .
I can see no reason why , with some concerted pressure and a little coordination , aid agencies like Goal cannot deploy securely into the heart of Port–au - Prince , with their clinics and food distribution outlets .
With thousands of the injured living in close quarters at makeshift camps , the rapid deployment of medical care is still paramount .
Of all the disasters I 've covered in recent years , the response to this has perhaps been the most perplexing , and disastrous in itself .
From the Haitian perspective , if anyone is dragging their feet it 's the aid agencies .
One thing is clear : if aid agencies do not quickly roll out a coordinated and comprehensive response , then not only will many more die , but the deteriorating security situation , which is being talked up so much , may perhaps become a self - fulfilling prophecy .
So John O'Shea , if you are reading this , I put down this challenge to you : if you are prepared , in the next few days , to bring an aid van or truck to the Dominican / Haitian border , I will travel with it into Port - au - Prince .
I will even help you to distribute the aid .
The Haitian people need help now , not excuses .
Below is an excerpted BBC article on animal conservation as it originally appeared , and following how the same article would be presented were the standards of Multi-Culturalism applied to animals as they are to people .
Fortunately for the animals , that is not the case , otherwise we would not have the wide variety of animal species that we enjoy as most would have gone extinct , and what would be left would be singular and homogenous , and rather drab as they say .
In the linked article it speaks of the great lengths , and rightly so , that conservationist are prepared to go to to preserve the distinct birds that visit the islands mentioned from eradication … even going so far as to speaking of removing and or poisoning the mice doing the eradicating .
While no one here would speak of poisoning anyone to preserve the distinct peoples , lands , and cultures , of humanity it ’s rather interesting that many of the same who would do these things to preserve various birds would not think of doing even the most simple things to preserve the distinct peoples of the world …even if the ones preserved are themselves .
The proles and animals are free …
Albatross chicks attacked by mice
By Jonathan Amos
BBC News science reporter
July 24 , 2005
The mice tend to attack at night
“ Supersize ” mice are eating seabird chicks alive on Gough Island , one of the most important seabird colonies in the world , UK conservationists report .
The rodents are taking out one million petrels , shearwaters and albatrosses each year on the UK Overseas Territory in the South Atlantic .
The Royal Society for the Protection of Birds says the mice infestation puts some species in danger of extinction …
The injuries sustained are quite horrific
... As a country which has ratified the ACap ( Agreement on the Conservation of Albatrosses and Petrels ) treaty , the UK would be expected to take action on Gough to sort out the mice problem .
“ For the albatrosses on Gough , which hosts virtually the whole populations of several species , this just adds to the longlining problem - not only are they threatened at sea they are now also threatened on land , ” Dr Cuthbert said .
The Gough mouse is one of 2,900 non-native species damaging native wildlife on the 17 UK Overseas Territories and Crown Dependencies , a review by the Joint Nature Conservation Committee ( JNCC ) has found .
Source
And how this might be reported were the standards of the Multi-Cult applied to the world of animal conservation …
In addition to the introduction of the iPad , Apple on Wednesday lifted restrictions that previously limited developers from allowing the use of VoIP calls over a 3G network .
In the past , VoIP apps had to use a Wi -Fi network in order to make calls .
Now , VoIP calls can be made anywhere , using the AT&T 3G network .
One of the first apps to be introduced on the App Store with support for VoIP over 3G is iCall , an app by a company of the same name .
As of today , iCall is available for download [ iTunes link ] with 3G support enabled .
“ This heralds a new era for VoIP applications on mobile platforms , especially for iCall and our free calling model , ” said iCall CEO Arlo Gilbert .
7000 - 8000 B.C.
First woven fabric believed to be from hemp .
1619 Jamestown Colony , Virginia passes law requiring farmers to grow hemp .
1700s Hemp was the primary crop grown by George Washington at Mount Vernon , and a secondary crop grown by Thomas Jefferson at Monticello .
1884 Maine is the first state to outlaw alcohol .
1906 Pure Food and Drug Act is passed , forming the Food and Drug Administration .
First time that drugs have any government oversight .
1913 California , apparently , passes the first state marijuana law , though missed by many because it referred to “ preparations of hemp , or loco weed . ”
1914 Harrison
Act passed , outlawing opiates and cocaine ( taxing scheme ) 1915 Utah passes state anti-marijuana law .
1919 18th Amendment to the Constitution ( alcohol prohibition ) is ratified .
1930 Harry J. Anslinger given control of the new Federal Bureau of Narcotics ( he remains in the position until 1962 ) 1933 21st Amendment to the Constitution is ratified , repealing alcohol prohibition .
1937 Marijuana Tax Act 1938 Food , Drug and Cosmetic Act 1951 Boggs Amendment to the Harrison Narcotic Act ( mandatory sentences ) 1956 Narcotics Control Act adds more severe penalties 1970 Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act .
Replaces and updates all previous laws concerning narcotics and other dangerous drugs .
Empasis on law enforcement .
Includes the Controlled Substances
Act , where marijuana is classified a Schedule 1 drug ( reserved for the most dangerous drugs that have no recognized medical use ) .
1972 Drug Abuse Office and Treatment Act .
Establishes federally funded programs for prevention and treatment 1973 Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA )
Changes Bureau of Narcotics and Dangerous Drugs into the DEA 1974 and 1978 Drug Abuse Treatment and Control Amendments .
Extends 1972 act 1988 Anti-Drug Abuse Act .
Establishes oversight office : National Office of Drug Control Policy and the Drug Czar 1992 ADAMHA Reorganization .
Transfers NIDA , NIMH , and NIAAA to NIH and incorporates ADAMHA ’s programs into the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration ( SAMHSA )
Many people assume that marijuana was made illegal through some kind of process involving scientific , medical , and government hearings ; that it was to protect the citizens from what was determined to be a dangerous drug .
The actual story shows a much different picture .
Those who voted on the legal fate of this plant never had the facts , but were dependent on information supplied by those who had a specific agenda to deceive lawmakers .
You ’ll see below that the very first federal vote to prohibit marijuana was based entirely on a documented lie on the floor of the Senate .
You ’ll also see that the history of marijuana ’s criminalization is filled with : Racism
Fear
Protection of Corporate Profits
Yellow Journalism
Ignorant , Incompetent , and / or Corrupt Legislators
Personal Career Advancement and Greed
These are the actual reasons marijuana is illegal .
Background
For most of human history , marijuana has been completely legal .
It ’s not a recently discovered plant , nor is it a long - standing law .
Marijuana has been illegal for less than 1 % of the time that it ’s been in use .
Its known uses go back further than 7,000 B.C. and it was legal as recently as when Ronald Reagan was a boy .
The marijuana ( hemp ) plant , of course , has an incredible number of uses .
The earliest known woven fabric was apparently of hemp , and over the centuries the plant was used for food , incense , cloth , rope , and much more .
This adds to some of the confusion over its introduction in the United States , as the plant was well known from the early 1600 ’s , but did not reach public awareness as a recreational drug until the early 1900’s .
America ’s first marijuana law was enacted at Jamestown Colony , Virginia in 1619 .
It was a law “ ordering ” all farmers to grow Indian hempseed .
There were several other “ must grow ” laws over the next 200 years ( you could be jailed for not growing hemp during times of shortage in Virginia between 1763 and 1767 ) , and during most of that time , hemp was legal tender ( you could even pay your taxes with hemp — try that today ! )
Hemp was such a critical crop for a number of purposes ( including essential war requirements – rope , etc. ) that the government went out of its way to encourage growth .
The United States Census of 1850 counted 8,327 hemp “ plantations ” ( minimum 2,000 - acre farm ) growing cannabis hemp for cloth , canvas and even the cordage used for baling cotton .
The Mexican Connection
In the early 1900s , the western states developed significant tensions regarding the influx of Mexican - Americans .
The revolution in Mexico in 1910 spilled over the border , with General Pershing ’s army clashing with bandit Pancho Villa .
Later in that decade , bad feelings developed between the small farmer and the large farms that used cheaper Mexican labor .
Then , the depression came and increased tensions , as jobs and welfare resources became scarce .
One of the “ differences ” seized upon during this time was the fact that many Mexicans smoked marijuana and had brought the plant with them , and it was through this that California apparently passed the first state marijuana law , outlawing “ preparations of hemp , or loco weed . ”
However , one of the first state laws outlawing marijuana may have been influenced , not just by Mexicans using the drug , but , oddly enough , because of Mormons using it .
Mormons who traveled to Mexico in 1910 came back to Salt Lake City with marijuana .
The church ’s reaction to this may have contributed to the state ’s marijuana law .
( Note : the source for this speculation is from articles by Charles Whitebread , Professor of Law at USC Law School in a paper for the Virginia Law Review , and a speech to the California Judges Association ( sourced below ) .
Mormon blogger Ardis Parshall disputes this . )
Other states quickly followed suit with marijuana prohibition laws , including Wyoming ( 1915 ) , Texas ( 1919 ) , Iowa ( 1923 ) , Nevada ( 1923 ) , Oregon ( 1923 ) , Washington ( 1923 ) , Arkansas ( 1923 ) , and Nebraska ( 1927 ) .
These laws tended to be specifically targeted against the Mexican - American population .
When Montana outlawed marijuana in 1927 , the Butte Montana Standard reported a legislator ’s comment : “ When some beet field peon takes a few traces of this stuff … he thinks he has just been elected president of Mexico , so he starts out to execute all his political enemies . ”
In Texas , a senator said on the floor of the Senate : “ All Mexicans are crazy , and this stuff [ marijuana ] is what makes them crazy . ”
Jazz and Assassins
In the eastern states , the “ problem ” was attributed to a combination of Latin Americans and black jazz musicians .
Marijuana and jazz traveled from New Orleans to Chicago , and then to Harlem , where marijuana became an indispensable part of the music scene , even entering the language of the black hits of the time ( Louis Armstrong ’s “ Muggles ” , Cab Calloway ’s “ That Funny Reefer Man ” , Fats Waller ’s “ Viper ’s Drag ” ) .
Again , racism was part of the charge against marijuana , as newspapers in 1934 editorialized : “ Marihuana influences Negroes to look at white people in the eye , step on white men ’s shadows and look at a white woman twice . ”
Two other fear - tactic rumors started to spread : one , that Mexicans , Blacks and other foreigners were snaring white children with marijuana ; and two , the story of the “ assassins . ”
Early stories of Marco Polo had told of “ hasheesh - eaters ” or hashashin , from which derived the term “ assassin . ”
In the original stories , these professional killers were given large doses of hashish and brought to the ruler ’s garden ( to give them a glimpse of the paradise that awaited them upon successful completion of their mission ) .
Then , after the effects of the drug disappeared , the assassin would fulfill his ruler ’s wishes with cool , calculating loyalty .
By the 1930s , the story had changed .
Dr. A. E. Fossier wrote in the 1931 New Orleans Medical and Surgical Journal : “ Under the influence of hashish those fanatics would madly rush at their enemies , and ruthlessly massacre every one within their grasp . ”
Within a very short time , marijuana started being linked to violent behavior .
Alcohol Prohibition and Federal Approaches to Drug Prohibition During this time , the United States was also dealing with alcohol prohibition , which lasted from 1919 to 1933 .
Alcohol prohibition was extremely visible and debated at all levels , while drug laws were passed without the general public ’s knowledge .
National alcohol prohibition happened through the mechanism of an amendment to the constitution .
Earlier ( 1914 ) , the Harrison
Act was passed , which provided federal tax penalties for opiates and cocaine .
The federal approach is important .
It was considered at the time that the federal government did not have the constitutional power to outlaw alcohol or drugs .
It is because of this that alcohol prohibition required a constitutional amendment .
At that time in our country ’s history , the judiciary regularly placed the tenth amendment in the path of congressional regulation of “ local ” affairs , and direct regulation of medical practice was considered beyond congressional power under the commerce clause ( since then , both provisions have been weakened so far as to have almost no meaning ) .
Since drugs could not be outlawed at the federal level , the decision was made to use federal taxes as a way around the restriction .
In the Harrison Act , legal uses of opiates and cocaine were taxed ( supposedly as a revenue need by the federal government , which is the only way it would hold up in the courts ) , and those who did n’t follow the law found themselves in trouble with the treasury department .
In 1930 , a new division in the Treasury Department was established — the Federal Bureau of Narcotics — and Harry J. Anslinger was named director .
This , if anything , marked the beginning of the all - out war against marijuana .
Harry J. Anslinger Anslinger was an extremely ambitious man , and he recognized the Bureau of Narcotics as an amazing career opportunity — a new government agency with the opportunity to define both the problem and the solution .
He immediately realized that opiates and cocaine would n’t be enough to help build his agency , so he latched on to marijuana and started to work on making it illegal at the federal level .
Anslinger immediately drew upon the themes of racism and violence to draw national attention to the problem he wanted to create .
He also promoted and frequently read from “ Gore Files ” — wild reefer - madness - style exploitation tales of ax murderers on marijuana and sex and …
Negroes .
Here are some quotes that have been widely attributed to Anslinger and his Gore Files : “ There are 100,000 total marijuana smokers in the US , and most are Negroes , Hispanics , Filipinos , and entertainers .
Their Satanic music , jazz , and swing , result from marijuana use .
This marijuana causes white women to seek sexual relations with Negroes , entertainers , and any others . ” “ … the primary reason to outlaw marijuana is its effect on the degenerate races . ”
“ Marijuana is an addictive drug which produces in its users insanity , criminality , and death . ”
“ Reefer makes darkies think they ’re as good as white men . ” “ Marihuana leads to pacifism and communist brainwashing ” “ You smoke a joint and you ’re likely to kill your brother . ”
“ Marijuana is the most violence - causing drug in the history of mankind . ”
And he loved to pull out his own version of the “ assassin ” definition :
“ In the year 1090 , there was founded in Persia the religious and military order of the Assassins , whose history is one of cruelty , barbarity , and murder , and for good reason : the members were confirmed users of hashish , or marihuana , and it is from the Arabs ’ ‘ hashashin ’ that we have the English word ‘ assassin . ' ”
Yellow Journalism Harry Anslinger got some additional help from William Randolf Hearst , owner of a huge chain of newspapers .
Hearst had lots of reasons to help .
First , he hated Mexicans .
Second , he had invested heavily in the timber industry to support his newspaper chain and did n’t want to see the development of hemp paper in competition .
Third , he had lost 800,000 acres of timberland to Pancho Villa , so he hated Mexicans .
Fourth , telling lurid lies about Mexicans ( and the devil marijuana weed causing violence ) sold newspapers , making him rich .
Some samples from the San Francisco Examiner : “ Marihuana makes fiends of boys in thirty days — Hashish goads users to bloodlust . ”
“ By the tons it is coming into this country — the deadly , dreadful poison that racks and tears not only the body , but the very heart and soul of every human being who once becomes a slave to it in any of its cruel and devastating forms … .
Marihuana is a short cut to the insane asylum .
Smoke marihuana cigarettes for a month and what was once your brain will be nothing but a storehouse of horrid specters .
Hasheesh makes a murderer who kills for the love of killing out of the mildest mannered man who ever laughed at the idea that any habit could ever get him … . ”
And other nationwide columns …
“ Users of marijuana become STIMULATED as they inhale the drug and are LIKELY TO DO ANYTHING .
Most crimes of violence in this section , especially in country districts are laid to users of that drug . ”
“ Was it marijuana , the new Mexican drug , that nerved the murderous arm of Clara Phillips when she hammered out her victim ’s life in Los Angeles ? …
THREE -FOURTHS OF
THE CRIMES of violence in this country today are committed by DOPE SLAVES — that is a matter of cold record . ”
Hearst and Anslinger were then supported by Dupont chemical company and various pharmaceutical companies in the effort to outlaw cannabis .
Dupont had patented nylon , and wanted hemp removed as competition .
The pharmaceutical companies could neither identify nor standardize cannabis dosages , and besides , with cannabis , folks could grow their own medicine and not have to purchase it from large companies .
This all set the stage for …
The Marijuana Tax Act of 1937 .
After two years of secret planning , Anslinger brought his plan to Congress — complete with a scrapbook full of sensational Hearst editorials , stories of ax murderers who had supposedly smoked marijuana , and racial slurs .
It was a remarkably short set of hearings .
The one fly in Anslinger ’s ointment was the appearance by Dr. William C. Woodward , Legislative Council of the American Medical Association .
Woodward started by slamming Harry Anslinger and the Bureau of Narcotics for distorting earlier AMA statements that had nothing to do with marijuana and making them appear to be AMA endorsement for Anslinger ’s view .
He also reproached the legislature and the Bureau for using the term marijuana in the legislation and not publicizing it as a bill about cannabis or hemp .
At this point , marijuana ( or marihuana ) was a sensationalist word used to refer to Mexicans smoking a drug and had not been connected in most people ’s minds to the existing cannabis / hemp plant .
Thus , many who had legitimate reasons to oppose the bill were n’t even aware of it .
Woodward went on to state that the AMA was opposed to the legislation and further questioned the approach of the hearings , coming close to outright accusation of misconduct by Anslinger and the committee : “ That there is a certain amount of narcotic addiction of an objectionable character no one will deny .
The newspapers have called attention to it so prominently that there must be some grounds for [ their ] statements [ even Woodward was partially taken in by Hearst ’s propaganda ] .
It has surprised me , however , that the facts on which these statements have been based have not been brought before this committee by competent primary evidence .
We are referred to newspaper publications concerning the prevalence of marihuana addiction .
We are told that the use of marihuana causes crime .
But yet no one has been produced from the Bureau of Prisons to show the number of prisoners who have been found addicted to the marihuana habit .
An informed inquiry shows that the Bureau of Prisons has no evidence on that point .
You have been told that school children are great users of marihuana cigarettes .
No one has been summoned from the Children ’s Bureau to show the nature and extent of the habit , among children .
Inquiry of the Children ’s Bureau shows that they have had no occasion to investigate it and know nothing particularly of it .
Inquiry of the Office of Education — and they certainly should know something of the prevalence of the habit among the school children of the country , if there is a prevalent habit — indicates that they have had no occasion to investigate and know nothing of it .
Moreover , there is in the Treasury Department itself , the Public Health Service , with its Division of Mental Hygiene .
The Division of Mental Hygiene was , in the first place , the Division of Narcotics .
It was converted into the Division of Mental Hygiene , I think , about 1930 .
That particular Bureau has control at the present time of the narcotics farms that were created about 1929 or 1930 and came into operation a few years later .
No one has been summoned from that Bureau to give evidence on that point .
Informal inquiry by me indicates that they have had no record of any marihuana of Cannabis addicts who have ever been committed to those farms .
The bureau of Public Health Service has also a division of pharmacology .
If you desire evidence as to the pharmacology of Cannabis , that obviously is the place where you can get direct and primary evidence , rather than the indirect hearsay evidence . ”
Committee members then proceeded to attack Dr. Woodward , questioning his motives in opposing the legislation .
Even the Chairman joined in : The Chairman :
If you want to advise us on legislation , you ought to come here with some constructive proposals , rather than criticism , rather than trying to throw obstacles in the way of something that the Federal Government is trying to do .
It has not only an unselfish motive in this , but they have a serious responsibility .
Dr. Woodward :
We cannot understand yet , Mr. Chairman , why this bill should have been prepared in secret for 2 years without any intimation , even , to the profession , that it was being prepared .
After some further bantering …
The Chairman : I would like to read a quotation from a recent editorial in the Washington Times :
The marihuana cigarette is one of the most insidious of all forms of dope , largely because of the failure of the public to understand its fatal qualities .
The Nation is almost defenseless against it , having no Federal laws to cope with it and virtually no organized campaign for combating it .
The result is tragic .
School children are the prey of peddlers who infest school neighborhoods .
High school boys and girls buy the destructive weed without knowledge of its capacity of harm , and conscienceless dealers sell it with impunity .
This is a national problem , and it must have national attention .
The fatal marihuana cigarette must be recognized as a deadly drug , and American children must be protected against it .
That is a pretty severe indictment .
They say it is a national question and that it requires effective legislation .
Of course , in a general way , you have responded to all of these statements ; but that indicates very clearly that it is an evil of such magnitude that it is recognized by the press of the country as such .
And that was basically it .
Yellow journalism won over medical science .
The committee passed the legislation on .
And on the floor of the house , the entire discussion was : Member from upstate New York : “ Mr. Speaker , what is this bill about ? ” Speaker Rayburn : “ I do n’t know .
It has something to do with a thing called marihuana .
I think it ’s a narcotic of some kind . ”
“ Mr. Speaker , does the American Medical Association support this bill ? ” Member on the committee jumps up and says : “ Their Doctor Wentworth [ sic ] came down here .
They support this bill 100 percent . ”
And on the basis of that lie , on August 2 , 1937 , marijuana became illegal at the federal level .
The entire coverage in the New York Times : “ President Roosevelt signed today a bill to curb traffic in the narcotic , marihuana , through heavy taxes on transactions . ”
Anslinger as precursor to the Drug Czars Anslinger was essentially the first Drug Czar .
Even though the term did n’t exist until William Bennett ’s position as director of the White House Office of National Drug Policy , Anslinger acted in a similar fashion .
In fact , there are some amazing parallels between Anslinger and the current Drug Czar John Walters .
Both had kind of a carte blanche to go around demonizing drugs and drug users .
Both had resources and a large public podium for their voice to be heard and to promote their personal agenda .
Both lied constantly , often when it was unnecessary .
Both were racists .
Both had the ear of lawmakers , and both realized that they could persuade legislators and others based on lies , particularly if they could co-opt the media into squelching or downplaying any opposition views .
Anslinger even had the ability to circumvent the First Amendment .
He banned the Canadian movie “ Drug Addict , ” a 1946 documentary that realistically depicted the drug addicts and law enforcement efforts .
He even tried to get Canada to ban the movie in their own country , or failing that , to prevent U.S. citizens from seeing the movie in Canada .
Canada refused .
( Today , Drug Czar John Walters is trying to bully Canada into keeping harsh marijuana laws . )
Anslinger had 37 years to solidify the propaganda and stifle opposition .
The lies continued the entire time ( although the stories would adjust — the 21 year old Florida boy who killed his family of five got younger each time he told it ) .
In 1961 , he looked back at his efforts : “ Much of the most irrational juvenile violence and that has written a new chapter of shame and tragedy is traceable directly to this hemp intoxication .
A gang of boys tear the clothes from two school girls and rape the screaming girls , one boy after the other .
A sixteen - year - old kills his entire family of five in Florida , a man in Minnesota puts a bullet through the head of a stranger on the road ; in Colorado husband tries to shoot his wife , kills her grandmother instead and then kills himself .
Every one of these crimes had been proceeded [ sic ] by the smoking of one or more marijuana “ reefers . ”
As the marijuana situation grew worse , I knew action had to be taken to get the proper legislation passed .
By 1937 under my direction , the Bureau launched two important steps First , a legislative plan to seek from Congress a new law that would place marijuana and its distribution directly under federal control .
Second , on radio and at major forums , such that presented annually by the New York Herald Tribune , I told the story of this evil weed of the fields and river beds and roadsides .
I wrote articles for magazines ; our agents gave hundreds of lectures to parents , educators , social and civic leaders .
In network broadcasts I reported on the growing list of crimes , including murder and rape .
I described the nature of marijuana and its close kinship to hashish .
I continued to hammer at the facts .
I believe we did a thorough job , for the public was alerted and the laws to protect them were passed , both nationally and at the state level .
We also brought under control the wild growing marijuana in this country .
Working with local authorities , we cleaned up hundreds of acres of marijuana and we uprooted plants sprouting along the roadsides . ”
After Anslinger
On a break from college in the 70s , I was visiting a church in rural Illinois .
There in the literature racks in the back of the church was a lurid pamphlet about the evils of marijuana — all the old reefer madness propaganda about how it caused insanity and murder .
I approached the minister and said “ You ca n’t have this in your church .
It ’s all lies , and the church should n’t be about promoting lies . ”
Fortunately , my dad believed me , and he had the material removed .
He did n’t even know how it got there .
But without me speaking up , neither he nor the other members of the church had any reason NOT to believe what the pamphlet said .
The propaganda machine had been that effective .
The narrative since then has been a continual litany of : Politicians wanting to appear tough on crime and passing tougher penalties
Constant increases in spending on law enforcement and prisons
Racist application of drug laws
Taxpayer funded propaganda
Stifling of opposition speech
Political contributions from corporations that profit from marijuana being illegal ( pharmaceuticals , alcohol , etc. ) … but that ’s another whole story .
This account only scratches the surface of the story .
If you want to know more about the history of marijuana , Harry Anslinger , and the saga of criminalization in the United States and elsewhere , visit some of the excellent links below .
( All data and quotes for this piece came from these sources as well ) .
• The History of the Non-Medical Use of Drugs in the United States by Charles Whitebread , Professor of Law , USC Law School .
A Speech to the California Judges Association 1995 annual conference .
• THE FORBIDDEN FRUIT AND THE TREE OF KNOWLEDGE : AN INQUIRY INTO THE LEGAL HISTORY OF AMERICAN MARIJUANA PROHIBITION by
Richard J. Bonnie & Charles H. Whitebread , II .
VIRGINIA LAW REVIEW .
VOLUME 56 OCTOBER 1970 NUMBER 6 • The Consumers Union Report – Licit and Illicit Drugs
by Edward M. Brecher and the Editors of Consumer Reports Magazine • The History of the Marihuana Tax Act of 1937
By David F. Musto , M.D. , New Haven , Conn .
Originally published in Arch. Gen. Psychiat .
Volume 26 , February , 1972 • The Report of the National Commission on Marihuana and Drug Abuse
I. Control of Marihuana , Alcohol and Tobacco .
History of Marihuana Legislation • The Marihuana Tax Act of 1937 .
The history of how the Marihuana Tax Act came to be the law of the land .
• Marijuana – The First Twelve Thousand Years by Ernest L. Abel , 1980
[ Porqué la marihuana es ilegal ]
Why is Marijuana Illegal ?
WASHINGTON — Forty - one business leaders have co-signed letters sent to Democratic and Republican leaders in Congress voicing their opposition to Thursday ’s Supreme Court ruling that frees corporations to spend unlimited amounts on influencing elections .
“ Is there a difference between campaign contributions and bribery ? ” said Alan Hassenfeld , chairman of Hasbro , Inc , who co-signed the letter .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It is long past the time to stop requiring that our elected officials moonlight as telemarketers raising money for their re-election campaigns rather then devoting all their time to solving the problems before this nation , ” he said .
The letter read : “ As business leaders , we believe the current political fundraising system is already broken .
The Supreme Court decision further exacerbates this problem . ”
Signatories include current and former high - ranking corporate executives of enterprises such as Playboy Enterprises , MetLife , Ben & Jerry ’s , and Delta Airlines , among others .
They appeared partly motivated by a desire to be left alone .
“ [ M] any of us individually are on the receiving end of solicitation phone calls from members of Congress , ” the letter read .
“ Congress needs to spend its time working on the leading issues of the day , from reviving our economy to addressing our nation ’s energy crisis to reforming the healthcare system , ” it continued , arguing that Congress must be “ swayed by the merits of policy without regard to the interests of campaign contributors . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The executives urged Congress to embrace public financing as the best way forward , endorsing the Fair Elections Now Act , sponsored by Sen. Dick Durbin ( D - IL ) and Rep. John Larson ( D - CT ) .
“ With a strong public financing system in place , candidates will be not be consigned to a system in which constant fundraising creates conflicts of interest and leaves Members little time to do the job they were elected to do . ”
The effort was organized by a coalition of consumer advocacy groups , including Common Cause , U.S. PIRG , Brennan Center for Justice , Change Congress , Democracy Matters , Public Campaign and Public Citizen — all of whom support public financing of elections .
ADVERTISEMENT
Read the letters here – House / Senate [ pdf ] .
The executives echo the criticisms of Rep. Alan Grayson ( D - FL ) , who blasted the ruling Thursday in an interview with Raw Story , saying without campaign finance reform , “ you can kiss your country goodbye . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Grayson has already introduced six bills that seek to reverse the consequences of the ruling .
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
Very distant galaxies were spotted in the Hubble Ultra Deep Field
Nasa 's Hubble Space Telescope ( HST ) has captured its deepest view of the Universe , producing images of galaxies that have never been seen before .
The pictures were acquired by the HST 's new Wide Field Camera 3 ( WFC3 ) .
This highly sensitive camera can see starlight from far - off objects - light that has been " stretched " by the expanding Universe .
Scientists who have analysed the new images say the galaxies they reveal could be the most distant yet observed .
Two UK - based teams of scientists published their analyses in the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomy Society .
Astronomers installed Wide Field Camera 3 during a servicing mission WFC3 was added to Hubble as part of a upgrade and repair mission carried out by the space shuttle Atlantis earlier this year .
The camera is sensitive to infrared light , which has wavelengths about twice as long as visible light and cannot be detected by the human eye .
It is described as " beyond red " .
Dr Andrew Bunker , an astronomer from Oxford University , led one of the teams that studied the new pictures .
He explained that the camera had captured " light that started its life in the visible and has been stretched to longer wavelengths , so it is redder " .
Some of the new images are from the region of sky known as the Hubble Ultra Deep Field .
Dr Bunker and his colleagues first analysed this five years ago using Hubble 's Advanced Camera for Surveys ( ACS ) .
" We 're able to use this new data - taken at long wavelengths - and combine it with the existing data that was taken in the visible [ spectrum ] , " he told BBC News .
" We make a colour image with the long wavelengths and the short wavelengths and look for a very distinctive signature . "
That signature is based on colour .
The redder an object appears , the more its light has been stretched , and the further away it is .
Looking back Capturing this stretched starlight gives astronomers a glimpse back in time to the early Universe .
These new observations are likely to be the most sensitive images Hubble will ever take
Professor Jim Dunlop
University of Edinburgh Dr Daniel Stark , a postdoctoral researcher at the Institute of Astronomy in Cambridge , also worked with the teams reporting their work on Tuesday .
He said : " We can now look even further back in time , identifying galaxies when the Universe was only 5 % of its current age - within one billion years of the Big Bang . "
But Dr Bunker said that the exact distance to the galaxies was yet to be confirmed .
" The evidence on the basis of the images - the colours - is very strong , " he told BBC News .
" These are some of the most distant , and perhaps the most galaxies distant yet seen . "
But to confirm this , he said , astronomers would need to study the spectrum of light from each galaxy , to measure its " redshift " .
This is a measurement of how much the light from a distant object has been stretched .
Professor Jim Dunlop from the University of Edinburgh co-led a team with Dr Ross McLure , which also studied the Hubble data .
He said : " These new observations are likely to be the most sensitive images Hubble will ever take . "
The follow - up studies , he added , would be possible when Hubble 's successor , the James Webb Space Telescope ( JWST ) , was launched in 2014 .
Dr Bunker described the JWST as the " next quantum leap in telescope technology " .
" It has a greater collecting area and is optimised to work in the infrared , " he explained .
" With JWST , we 'll be able to take the spectra of many objects at once ...
This will be wonderful - instead of [ analysing ] the odd galaxy , we 'll be able to build up meaningful samples and do real science . "
Record - breaking
The light from very distant objects appears redder
In 2007 , a group led by Professor Richard Ellis from the California Institute of Technology reported the discovery of light from galaxies at similar , and perhaps even longer , distances than the ones reported on Tuesday .
He and his team employed a technique called gravitational lensing , which uses of the gravity of relatively nearby objects to magnify the light coming from much more distant objects .
Dr Bunker , who has worked with Professor Ellis 's team in the past , explained that the scientific community was still actively studying the Caltech team 's " very exciting " results .
" The galaxies they looked at were really incredibly faint , " he said .
" And they looked at the glow of gas , which is the very limit of what is feasible and difficult for the community to confirm . "
He said that he expected Professor Ellis 's results eventually to be confirmed and said that all the studies were " complementary " .
" They show us the different aspects of galaxy formation . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( Getty )
Increasing numbers of schools are opting to run a youth version of the Alpha course , it has been reported .
The adult ten - week evangelical courses act as an introduction to Christianity but have been criticised for being anti-gay and manipulative .
According to a Times Educational Supplement report last week , the Youth Alpha courses , designed for 11 - to 18 - year - olds , are being taught at lunchtimes and in after - school clubs .
It estimated that around 60 schools had signed up , although some of these numbers may relate to church groups using school buildings .
Archbishop Blanch CofE High School in Liverpool has run the course for three years , with 300 pupils currently participating .
Reverend Kate Wharton , who set up the course in the school , told the TES : “ Everyone is welcome , whether they are Christians , of another faith or do n’t believe .
They can ask questions without being signed up to anything .
It is a fair and balanced introduction to the Christian faith . ”
The Alpha course has received much criticism from various different quarters , despite being favoured by celebrities such as Will Young , Geri Halliwell and Bear Grylls .
From within the Christian church it has received criticism from both the evangelical and liberal wings , for its non-inclusive stance and psychological manipulation techniques used to convert members .
Critics say one session encourages students to speak in tongues and behave hysterically .
According to John Rose , who wrote an essay on the Alpha course attitude to homosexuality for the Gay and Lesbian Humanists Association , the course text espouses the sinfulness of homosexuality , AIDS as a judgement from God and the exorcising of homosexuality .
The text states : “ He [ God ] did not design our bodies for homosexual intercourse . ”
Rose added that in his Alpha course sessions , course leader Rev Nicky Gumbel compared homosexuality to paedophilia .
Terry Sanderson , president of the National Secular Society , said his organisation was receiving increasing complaints from parents about such courses .
He said : “ This is real fundamentalist stuff all wrapped up in reassuring words and delivered by a bloke in a jumper with a permanent smile who looks remarkably like Tony Blair .
“ This is not a ‘ balanced introduction ’ to anything ; it is a carefully planned attempt to push people in a very specific direction .
It is deeply manipulative and has no place in schools paid for by the taxpayer . ”
Via Jeremy S. Read the first case :
Bangor man , 35 , guilty in stabbing
' BANGOR , Maine — A jury Tuesday found a local man guilty of trying to kill his ex-girlfriend when he stabbed her twice in the abdomen nearly two years ago outside a Hudson Street apartment .
...
Archer , who took the stand in his own defense Tuesday morning , told the jury that he did not remember stabbing his ex-girlfriend twice on the evening of April 26 , 2008 , outside a mutual friend ’s apartment in Bangor .
He admitted , however , that he must have caused her injuries .
...
In his closing arguments , defense attorney Stephen Smith of Bangor told jurors that the evidence showed Archer was too intoxicated on a cocktail of legal and illegal drugs to form the intent to commit either of the more serious crimes .
He said the jury should find the defendant guilty only of aggravated assault . '
Now , the second :
Wife Acquitted In Stabbing Death Of Husband
'A Gwinnett County jury deliberated for about three hours Monday before acquitting Laurie Alexander of murder and related charges in the Dec. 8 , 2007 stabbing death of Kent Alexander .
The Atlanta Journal - Constitution reports that Laurie Alexander claimed that after she confronted her husband about an affair , she took two prescription anti-anxiety pills and went to bed .
She told police she did n't remember anything until the next morning , when she found her husband dead on the kitchen floor .
Alexander testified that a few hazy details came to her later in dreams .
She said her husband may have become aggressive toward her after they argued . '
Pin Share Email 2 Shares
How I Replaced My Wife ’s Day Job Income With This Blog
Over the past few years I ’ve been blogging on Bible Money Matters 5 - 6 days a week , generating over 1800 pages of content , 15,000 + comments and over 11.25 million page views .
The site has become more popular than I ever dreamed it could be , and I feel blessed that the site has grown to a point where it is now able to replace my wife ’s day job income .
Because of this site we have been able to afford for her to stay home with our son , which has been such a blessing !
So how do you go from having a small blog that no one has ever heard of , and take it to a point where it generates more income than some people do at their full time jobs ?
I get a lot of questions from people who are wondering how they too can start a blog , and use it to generate income for their family .
Instead of writing up a new email every time they ask , I thought I ’d put together a post detailing what I ’ve done to become successful .
That post has quickly gotten a bit too long for just one post , and I decided to break it up into a series which I ’d like to call “ Blueprint For How To Make Money With A Blog “ .
Here ’s a table of contents for today ’s post if you ’d like to skip ahead .
In this first post I ’m going to talk about the beginning stages of starting a blog .
I ’ll look at things like choosing a niche , coming up with a name and a domain for your blog and optimizing your site to give yourself the best chance of success .
First , let me give you a little background on my site .
How I Began Blogging
At the end of 2007 I discovered the personal finance blogosphere .
After reading some of the bigger blogs including The Simple Dollar , Get Rich Slowly and Christian Personal Finance , I decided that I wanted to start my own blog .
I love to write and I enjoy talking about finances .
I knew I had something to contribute .
I finally launched my blog to zero fanfare at the end of January of 2008 .
At the time my wife and I were really starting to pay more attention to our money , reading a lot of books on financial topics , and even taking classes about personal finance .
We discovered Dave Ramsey through some friends , and were energized by his debt free message .
A fire was lit , and I knew that I had found my topic .
I began writing about personal finance almost daily , networked with other bloggers , promoted my site and worked hard on coming up with interesting topics .
Even with all the work , the blog was still just a fun diversion .
About 6 - 7 months into it , however , the money started to materialize and I realized that you could make some decent money blogging .
I started treating it more like a business .
That was when things really started to take off .
When I first started writing back in early 2008 I was definitely a newbie , and I made a lot of mistakes .
I created a lot of roadblocks for myself by not doing things the right way from the start .
Now that I ’ve been around the block a few times , I think that I ’ve learned some things that can help others to increase their chances of success .
So let ’s get started !
What Is A Blog ?
Before we even get started , let ’s look at the most basic question .
What is a blog ?
Wikipedia defines it this way :
A blog is a type of website , usually maintained by an individual with regular entries of commentary , descriptions of events , or other material such as graphics or video .
Entries are commonly displayed in reverse - chronological order .
Many blogs provide commentary or news on a particular subject ; others function as more personal online diaries .
So a blog is a website that has regularly updated content that contains news , commentary and other informative content .
In short , blogs are a powerful medium for communicating information – and for making money !
What Blogging Software Should I Use ?
Over the years there have been a wide variety of platforms developed to make the process of blogging extremely easy , to the point where just about anybody can publish their own regularly updated website .
There are both self hosted and developer hosted options .
Some of the most popular free blogging software include : ( for a more exhaustive list , click here )
WordPress.org blogging software ( self hosted ) :
This is the one that I use , and it is quickly becoming the industry standard for those who take their blogging seriously .
It is a free software , but it does require that you have a web host , and some basic know - how or help to setup .
If you ’re serious about blogging , I ’d suggest using WordPress.org self hosted software as it will give you the most options for your new blog .
: This is the one that I use , and it is quickly becoming the industry standard for those who take their blogging seriously .
It is a free software , but it does require that you have a web host , and some basic know - how or help to setup .
as it will give you the most options for your new blog .
WordPress.com blogging software ( developer hosted ) :
This is similar to the above software , except that it ’s hosted on the service ’s servers , and your options when using it are much more limited .
If you ’re looking to make money from your blog , advertising options on WordPress.com are extremely limited .
Skip it !
: This is similar to the above software , except that it ’s hosted on the service ’s servers , and your options when using it are much more limited .
If you ’re looking to make money from your blog , advertising options on WordPress.com are extremely limited .
Skip it !
Blogspot.com blogging software ( developer hosted ) : I actually started out blogging using Blogger ’s free blogging software .
It was easy to use , allows you to have advertising on your site , and has a decent back end for writing .
The problem ?
it is also extremely limited when it comes to adding functionality , themes , and if your traffic grows your site will suffer .
If you ’re not sure about this blogging thing , you can test the waters with Blogger , and if you do n’t like it , nothing is lost .
I started my blog on Blogger , and then ended up moving it later on to WordPress.org .
Looking back I wish I had just started using WordPress.org ’s software to save myself the headache of moving .
) : I actually started out blogging using Blogger ’s free blogging software .
It was easy to use , allows you to have advertising on your site , and has a decent back end for writing .
The problem ?
it is also extremely limited when it comes to adding functionality , themes , and if your traffic grows your site will suffer .
If you ’re not sure about this blogging thing , you can test the waters with Blogger , and if you do n’t like it , nothing is lost .
I started my blog on Blogger , and then ended up moving it later on to WordPress.org .
Looking back I wish I had just started using WordPress.org ’s software to save myself the headache of moving .
Tumblr.com blogging software ( developer hosted ) :
Another free blogging software that is easy to setup and use , but will limit your options if you ’re serious about making money from your blog .
All of the above mentioned options are free options , with the last three probably having the least amount of up - front work to get your site up and get running .
If you ’re really serious about making money blogging , however , I ’d suggest starting out with a WordPress.org self hosted blog as it will give you the most options when it comes to design , functionality and monetization .
The WordPress.org blogging software may be free , but you will need to find a place to host your site .
In most cases that will cost you anywhere from $ 5 - 7 / month , in addition to a domain name , which will run around $ 15 / year .
I believe it ’s a worthwhile investment .
For some more discussion on choosing a blogging software , check out Problogger .
net ’s post on the topic .
Choosing A Niche , A Name For Your Blog And Buying A Domain Name
Choosing a niche ( and a sub - niche ) : Before you even choose a name for your blog , you need to figure out what niche that you ’ll be blogging in .
For me that was easy – I chose the personal finance niche because I found it extremely interesting , there was already a pretty large community surrounding the topic ( for networking ) , and because I knew there was sufficient search volume for personal finance topics .
I also chose to focus on a sub - niche , Christian personal finance , because it helped to set me apart .
You ’ll want to carefully consider your niche ( and possibly a sub - niche ) as well .
Make sure it ’s something you enjoy writing about , and make sure that there is money to be made in the topic ( if you plan on doing this for money ! ) .
Do some research on big blogs in that niche and figure out how they ’re making money .
Then figure out how reasonable it might be to try and duplicate their success .
Choosing a name :
Once you ’ve chosen a niche , one of the most important first steps is to choose a name for your blog .
There are two main types of names for a blog .
Brandable name : A brandable name is about creating a name for your blog that is memorable , and that can be used as an identity of sorts for your site .
Examples of brandable names include sites like Boing Boing , DoshDosh and Dooce.com .
Brandable named sites can be ideal for sites where you ’re trying to build a loyal community of readers , and for building a site with some personality .
Brandable names can also be keyword rich depending upon the name you choose .
For example a site like Engadget has a name that is brandable , but it also includes the word “ gadget ” .
Double duty name !
Keyword rich name : A keyword rich name will include keywords in the title that can give cues as to what your blog is about .
This can be great for search engine traffic as search engines will often look to your url to determine whether your search results are relevant to a given topic .
I ca n’t tell you how many times my site has come up higher in a search because I have the word “ money ” in the title , along with other keywords in the url .
Try brainstorming names for your blog by choosing some relevant keywords , putting them together in different ways , and seeing what you come up with .
My blog title , “ Bible Money Matters ” includes two keywords that are extremely important to the subject matter of my site and that help me to come up in search results .
Those keywords are “ money ” and “ bible ” .
Try to find keywords for your site niche that will translate to good search traffic .
Choosing a domain name / URL :
If you ’re going to be trying to come up with keyword rich name like I did , a fantastic site to check out is NameBoy.com .
The site will allow you to enter in a couple of keywords you are considering , and then it will come up with a list of possible domain names and tell you which ones are already taken .
Once you find a couple of names that you like you ’ll want to run it by a couple of people to make sure it does n’t sound funny , or conjure up things that you did n’t intend .
Remember , once you choose a name , you ’re probably going to be stuck with it for a while .
The next step is to register your domain name .
Some of the more popular places to register a domain include :
Godaddy.com :
This is where I have my 8 domains .
Works good for me .
: This is where I have my 8 domains .
Works good for me .
Enom.com : Another of the more popular domain registrars .
: Another of the more popular domain registrars .
Dotster.com : I ’ve had this one suggested to me .
A couple of things to remember when buying your domain name :
Try to register your domain name separately from your website host or other provider :
Some website hosts will give you a free domain name when you sign up for hosting with their service .
The problem is that often they still own the domain name , or it is tied to your account .
That often makes it troublesome to switch hosts in the future if your traffic has grown or if you are n’t satisfied with a certain host .
By registering your domain name separately you can guarantee that you ’ll always have control over your domain .
: Some website hosts will give you a free domain name when you sign up for hosting with their service .
The problem is that often they still own the domain name , or it is tied to your account .
That often makes it troublesome to switch hosts in the future if your traffic has grown or if you are n’t satisfied with a certain host .
By registering your domain name separately you can guarantee that you ’ll always have control over your domain .
Try registering your domain with a company that will keep your information private :
When registering your domain you will have the option to register your domain name privately , or to have your name and contact info available to all who look up your site ’s “ WHOIS ” information .
If you can , register your domain name privately to avoid having everyone know your name / address / phone .
: When registering your domain you will have the option to register your domain name privately , or to have your name and contact info available to all who look up your site ’s “ WHOIS ” information .
If you can , register your domain name privately to avoid having everyone know your name / address / phone .
Make sure your domain name is easy to spell :
If your name is hard to spell or if people are unsure of it ’s meaning , it can be tough to get people to remember it .
Buy Web Hosting For Your Site
Once you ’ve chosen and purchased a domain name , it ’s time to find and purchase a web hosting package .
For a new blog you ’re probably OK purchasing a cheap shared hosting package that will cost you in the neighborhood of $ 5 - 7 a month or so .
That will most likely be fine until your blog has built up traffic of 1000 page views or more per day – at which point you may need to consider upgrading .
A few recommended options for cheap shared hosting packages :
If you ’re looking for a higher end host to begin with , it ’ll probably cost you a bit more money , but you are more assured that your site wo n’t go down , go over it ’s allotted amount of CPU usage , or have other common problems .
The host that I ’m currently with is Storm on Demand .
It costs me about $ 85 / month for my own dedicated virtual server where I run several websites .
Since I ’ve switched to them I ’ve had very few problems , and when I have had problems , their support has been top notch .
Storm on Demand from Liquid Web :
You can read about my experience switching hosts from a cheap shared hosting plan to my dedicated virtual server at Storm on Demand here : Switching to Storm on Demand
When shopping around for hosting make sure to search for coupon codes and discounts to make your service cheaper .
When I signed up for Storm on Demand I used a coupon code that allowed me to get 33 % off for the first 3 months .
There may be other better deals now ..
( Disclaimer : the hosting links above are affiliate links and this site will receive compensation if you choose to sign up through our link .
( Thanks ! )
It should be noted , however , that we only promote affiliates that we believe in and that we think would be beneficial to our readers . )
Setting Up WordPress On Your New Host
Once you ’ve signed up for your new hosting package , you ’ll want to get WordPress setup on your host .
Most hosts will have an option to do a 1 click install of WordPress through their hosting administration panel .
If you have that option , I ’d suggest using it ( If you ca n’t find it , ask tech support ! )
It makes things a lot easier .
Have your site name , url and a username and password ready to go because it will ask you for them .
If you prefer you can install WordPress yourself using an FTP software .
I wo n’t go through all the detail here because WordPress.org has already put together a detailed manual walking you through how to setup WordPress for your blog .
You can find it here
Some things to consider when setting up WordPress :
Change your permalink structure in WordPress :
Most blogging experts think that having your permalink structure show your post name only is the best for SEO and for traffic .
By default , however , WordPress has a structure that looks like this : “ http://www.yourdomain.com/?p=4“.
Change your permalink structure to have just your post name showing by going to “ settings / permalinks ” and entering “ / %postname % / ” under “ custom structure “ .
That will make your posts look something more like this : “ http://www.yourdomain.com/post-about-permalinks”.
More about permalinks here .
: Most blogging experts think that having your permalink structure show your post name only is the best for SEO and for traffic .
By default , however , WordPress has a structure that looks like this : “ http://www.yourdomain.com/?p=4“.
Change your permalink structure to have just your post name showing by going to “ settings / permalinks ” and entering “ / %postname % / ” under “ custom structure “ .
That will make your posts look something more like this : “ http://www.yourdomain.com/post-about-permalinks”.
More about permalinks here .
Check security , discussion and other WordPress settings : Consider enabling pingbacks / trackbacks , disabling remote posts and setting up how people can comment .
For a great list of things to set up and change , see this post : The Ultimate Guide to Setting up WordPress after an Install .
Install A Custom WordPress Theme On Your Site
WordPress comes with some basic default themes that a lot of newbie bloggers will just use on their site for loss of something better to do .
If you ’re serious about blogging you ’ll want to consider upgrading from the basic theme to a more customized WordPress Theme .
While having a nice looking theme is n’t the most important thing , it can give you some credibility by making your site look more professional that 99 % of the other sites out there .
On this site I use the Thesis WordPress
Theme as my framework of choice .
It ’s extremely easy to use , is customizable and if you ’re an advanced user you can make your site look pretty incredible .
Thesis would be my first choice if I had to recommend a theme .
Read my review of it here .
There are plenty of other good themes out there beyond Thesis , and some of them are even free , however , if you ’re serious about blogging I ’d consider a premium theme first .
It will more than pay for itself through the upgrades , support community and other perks that you ’ll receive .
Premium themes are also often better optimized for SEO .
With that said , here are a few of my favorite premium and free themes below .
Premium Themes
Thesis WordPress
Theme : $ 87 for a one site license , $ 164 for the developer ’s option .
Lifetime upgrades and access to their excellent support forums .
Hundreds of tutorials on how to optimize the theme .
: $ 87 for a one site license , $ 164 for the developer ’s option .
Lifetime upgrades and access to their excellent support forums .
Hundreds of tutorials on how to optimize the theme .
Headway WordPress
Theme : $ 87 single use or $ 164 for developer ’s option .
Theme that is similar to Thesis , but has it ’s own strong points .
Also has support forums and a large community .
: $ 87 single use or $ 164 for developer ’s option .
Theme that is similar to Thesis , but has it ’s own strong points .
Also has support forums and a large community .
Frugal WordPress
Theme : $ 87 single use or $ 164 for developer ’s option .
Another great theme with a ton of options and great customizability .
Smaller community , but growing .
: $ 87 single use or $ 164 for developer ’s option .
Another great theme with a ton of options and great customizability .
Smaller community , but growing .
Studiopress WordPress
Theme : Another great theme made by a true design and WordPress genius Brian Gardner .
Highly recommended .
Free Themes
Atahualpa WordPress
Theme :
A free theme that has a lot of features of some of the premium themes .
: A free theme that has a lot of features of some of the premium themes .
50 Top Free WordPress
Themes :
Check out this list for a mountain of decent free themes .
Not all of them are that great , so be careful !
If you do end up using the Thesis WordPress
Theme do n’t forget to install the Thesis Openhooks Plug - in as well , and read up on using hooks in the theme .
Which brings us to our next topic – plug-ins .
( The links above are affiliate links , however , I genuinely recommend these themes )
Want to really make your site look great ?
Get a custom site logo and background created through my graphic design site at http://www.logosforwebsites.com!
Install Plugins On Your Site to Increase Functionality
One of the great things about WordPress is it ’s ability to extend it ’s functionality using plug-ins .
There are an endless number of plug-ins that you can install and use on your WordPress blog , and a few of them are essential .
The key is to install the ones you need , but not get carried away with useless plug-ins that bog your site down ( especially if you ’re on a shared host ) .
Here are a few of my favorites that i think most blogs should use .
Pretty Link Pro :
This is a great money making plugin for those promoting affiliate offers .
It helps you manage your affiliate links within WordPress , along with giving you reporting on your links .
Akismet Spam blocker :
If your site gets any traffic at all , you ’ll get a ton of spam .
Use this to help weed it out .
Yoast SEO : A great plugin that helps you to optimize your site for search engines by helping you optimize titles , descriptions and more .
Contact Form 7 : Every blog needs to have a contact form so that your readers or people interested in buying advertising can contact you .
Google XML Sitemaps : Important to have a good sitemap so that google can index your posts !
Optimize DB : Sometimes your database can get clogged up and may need a little optimizing .
This plugin will do it for you .
Archives Plugin : Plugin that will help you to create a nice looking archive page .
WordPress.com Stats : WordPress ’s built in stats engine .
Pro users may want to consider the better Google Analytics .
BackupBuddy :
If you do n’t want to lose your site , you ’ll want to make regular backups of your WordPress database and files .
I have mine setup to backup my site to the Amazon cloud daily .
WP Security Scan :
This plugin will help you make sure your installation is secure .
WP Super Cache :
If you are on a shared host and you get a rush of traffic , it will help to have this plugin installed .
WP eStore Plug - in :
If you plan on selling your own information products , e-books , services , or just about anything else you can think of , this plugin will allow you to sell them easily through your blog .
Diversify your income and make money with more than just Adsense !
WP Affiliate Platform Plug -in :
If you ’re selling your own products you ’ll want to have an easy to use affiliate program so that other people can help you sell your items .
This WordPress plug - in works in tandem with the eStore plug - in , and no monthly fees like some services !
Those are a few of my favorite plugins for WordPress .
Have your own favorite plugins ?
Leave a comment below and let us know what it is !
Setting Up Your WordPress Blog – Wrap -Up
In this first post in the “ Blueprint For How To Make Money With A Blog ” series we talked about setting up your first blog .
I recommended using WordPress.org self hosted software as the best blogging software for monetization .
We talked about choosing a name for your blog and why it is so important .
We looked at why having good keywords in your domain can mean additional search and referral traffic .
After choosing a name and domain , we discussed how you should get a hosting package that fits your needs , and how shared hosting will work for most new blogs .
We then gave some tips for installing WordPress on your new web host .
Finally , we talked about the importance of a custom theme , and how it can make your site look and feel professional – in addition to giving your site better SEO out of the box .
After installing your theme we listed a variety of plugins that can increase the functionality of your site , and help it to meet it ’s potential .
Next Wednesday in the “ Blueprint For How To Make Money With A Blog ” series I ’d like to talk about how important content and SEO are , and then explore the many ways to promote your brand , build traffic and bring more readers to your site .
After we ’ve looked at that we ’ll list a variety of ways that you can make money from your site .
Stay tuned !
Do you have tips or tricks that you think aspiring bloggers should know ?
Good places to host their site ?
Custom themes you want to point them to ?
Plugins that have made your life easier ?
Settings you think they need to make sure to check when setting up their blog ?
Tell us your thoughts in the comments !
The mating habits of these bizarrely beautiful creatures are fascinating – they are the only species in which males truly become pregnant .
We reveal the secrets of the sea bed , plus how to keep seahorses as pets
Stanford 's autonomously drifting Audi TTS -- Click above to view video after the jump
If you read AutoblogGreen regularly , then you already know that Volkswagen and Stanford University have taken their relationship that began with developing autonomous vehicles to compete in the government - sponsored DARPA Grand Challenge competitions to the next level .
VW has committed over $ 5 million to open the Volkswagen Automotive Innovation Lab on Stanford 's campus with the intent of taking their research further regardless of whether the government is offering a carrot or not .
The two organizations are kicking off their new commitment to autonomous vehicles in a big way .
Already under development is a the third - gen autonomous vehicle will make past DARPA Grand Challenge winners Stanley and Junior look obsolete by comparison .
Based on an Audi TT -S , the new vehicle eschews all the outwardly visible hardware and has one expressed purpose : to tackle the Pikes Peak Hill Climb just like a real rally driver , four wheel drifts and all .
While still in the early stages , the team of researchers from Stanford have already performed tests with the autonomous TT - S at the Bonneville Salt Flats where the car was free to roam while being driving at the limit without a driver .
They 've also reportedly visited Pikes Peak with the car and ran it up the hill , albeit slowly .
Follow the jump to check out video of Stanford 's autonomous TT - S being tested , including a nifty little trick where it traces Audi 's corporate logo in the salt .
It 's just a teaser for now , but we gotta admit the idea of watching an empty TT - S tackle Pikes Peak is tantamount to finally getting that flying car we were promised .
Thanks for the tip , Marcial
Chimps use cleavers and anvils as tools to chop food
By Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
Poni , a chimp who likes to chop his food
For the first time , chimpanzees have been seen using tools to chop up and reduce food into smaller bite - sized portions .
Chimps in the Nimba Mountains of Guinea , Africa , use both stone and wooden cleavers , as well as stone anvils , to process Treculia fruits .
The apes are not simply cracking into the Treculia to get to otherwise unobtainable food , say researchers .
Instead , they are actively chopping up the food into more manageable portions .
Observations of the behaviour are published in the journal Primates .
It 's the first time wild chimpanzees have been found to use two distinct types of percussive technology to achieve the same goal
Primatologist Kathelijne Koops
University of Cambridge , UK PhD student Kathelijne Koops and Professor William McGrew of the Leverhulme Centre for Human Evolutionary Studies , University of Cambridge , UK , studied a group of chimps living wild in the Nimba Mountains .
Ms Koops research is focused on the use by the chimps of elementary technology , such as the use of tools while foraging .
" Chimpanzees across Africa vary greatly in the types of tools they use to obtain food .
Some groups use stones as hammers and anvils to crack open nuts , whereas others use twigs to fish for termites , " she says .
The apes ' use of such tools can be surprisingly sophisticated .
Cleaver and smashed fruit ( shown by arrow ) " For example , nut - cracking in the Bossou chimpanzee community in Guinea involves the use of a movable hammer and anvil , and sometimes the additional use of stabilising wedges to make the anvil more level and so more efficient , " explains Ms Koops .
" Termite fishing in some chimpanzee communities in the Republic of Congo involves the use of a tool set , i.e. different tool components used sequentially to achieve the same goal .
" These chimpanzees were found to deliberately modify termite fishing probes by creating a brush - end , before using them to fish for termites . "
Volleyball - sized fruit But together with Prof McGrew and Prof Tetsuro Matsuzawa of the Primate Research Institute at Kyoto University in Japan , Ms Koops has discovered another startling use of tools not previously recorded .
During a monthly survey of chimps ( Pan troglodytes ) living in the mountain forests , she came across stone and rocks that had clearly been used by the apes to process Treculia fruits .
Treculia fruits need to be cut down to size
These fruits , which can be the size of a volleyball and weigh up to 8.5 kg , are hard and fibrous .
But despite lacking a hard outer shell , they are too big for a chimpanzee to get its jaws around and bite into .
So , instead , the chimps use a range of tools to chop them into smaller pieces .
Ms Koops found stone and wooden cleavers , as well as stone anvils used to fracture the large fruits .
All were covered by the remains of smashed fruit and seeds .
The cleavers were clearly used to pound the fruit , rather than the fruit pounded upon the stones .
And the anvils were made from immoveable rocky outcrops .
This is the first account of chimpanzees using a pounding tool technology to break down large food items into bite - sized chunks rather than just extract it from other unobtainable sources such as baobab nuts , Ms Koops told the BBC .
Smashed fruit and anvil , with seed residue on it ( shown by arrow ) " And it 's the first time wild chimpanzees have been found to use two distinct types of percussive technology , i.e. movable cleavers versus a non-movable anvil , to achieve the same goal . "
Surprisingly , neighbouring chimps living in the nearby region of Seringbara do not process their food in this way , reinforcing how tool use among apes is culturally learnt .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Karen Allen
BBC News health correspondent
HIV is a major problem in the developing world
World Health Organisation figures reveal just one million people are receiving life saving treatment .
Senior WHO figures say that is double the number who were on drugs when the target was set in December 2003 .
But 40 million people are infected with HIV globally , with around six million in the developing world seriously ill .
The challenges in providing sustainable care in resource - poor settings are enormous
Lee Jong - Wook
When the WHO announced the " three by five " target in December 2003 - giving Aids drugs to three million people in the developing world by the end of 2005 - it knew that achieving it would be tough .
At the time just 400,000 people were receiving the drugs .
But with six months to go until the deadline expires , WHO officials are clearly disappointed that more progress has not been made .
They argue that in the past few months there has been a huge escalation in efforts to get medicines to those who need them .
Barriers to access
But obstacles remain .
There are not enough single pill versions of drugs , there are very few aids medicines for children and technical problems with supplies persist .
Many countries also lack a co-ordinated strategy to get drugs out and sufficient staff to monitor patients on the treatment .
There has also been a spiralling demand for anti-retorivirals - as more people receive these potentially life - saving drugs , more and more are coming forward for HIV testing .
With the G8 meeting in Gleneagles next week , the WHO is hoping that the $ 27bn pledged globally for HIV treatment for the period 2005 - 2007 will be converted into hard cash .
However , aid agencies have warned that only half the money needed to fund HIV treatment this year has been handed over .
And a WHO progress report says an additional $ 18bn above what has already been pledged will be required , to finance the drugs rollout over the next three years .
WHO Director - general Lee Jong - Wook said : " This is the first time that complex therapy for a chronic condition has been introduced at anything approaching this scale in the developing world .
" The challenges in providing sustainable care in resource - poor settings are enormous , as we expected them to be .
" But every day demonstrates that this type of care can and must be provided . "
UK position
The British government has already pledged to ensure there is universal access to treatment by 2010 .
That would mean delivering drugs to 6 million people - double the WHO target .
Gareth Thomas , a minister at the Department for International Development said the UK had played a leading role in rolling out treatments that had probably resulted in 500,000 deaths being averted this year alone .
" As the WHO acknowledge , substantial progress is being made in expanding access to treatment .
" However , we have introduced these treatments from a standing start in many countries that lack facilities and staff .
" We have been urging donors across the world to take a comprehensive response on Aids .
" One that invests in wider health systems , in order to get the medical staff and facilities that makes it possible to prevent and treat Aids .
" We need the drugs but we also need the staff to diagnose patients ; test people for drug resistance and undertake extensive prevention work . "
