The federal environment minister says it may be a few years before Canada tables regulations to cut greenhouse gas emissions .
Jim Prentice said the world has to first negotiate a new climate change treaty and Canada and the United States must finish their continental agreement on the same issue .
" I think it 's fair to say that this all needs to knit together , " Prentice said during a teleconference call from Copenhagen .
Prentice is taking part in the last round of climate change talks before the formal United Nations conference begins next month .
He also dampened any hope an international treaty will be reached in December .
" I think even a few months ago there had been an expectation on the part of the outside world that we would arrive at a full international treaty in December in Copenhagen .
That clearly is not going to happen . "
Instead , Canada is hoping a broad political agreement can be reached next month that will maintain the momentum towards a full international treaty , he said .
But he cautioned it may take most of 2010 to reach that legal accord .
At the same time , Canada is pursuing a continental climate change accord with the U.S. that would include a cap and trade system for greenhouse gas emissions .
That must be completed before Canada tables any regulations to dictate how much Canadian companies will need to cut their own emissions , Prentice said .
" I think it is in our interest as Canadians to ensure that we know what the international framework is going to look like .
Our continental framework needs to be consistent with that .
And our domestic policies need to be consistent with that , " he said .
The Conservative government has promised to cut Canada 's emissions by 20 per cent below 2006 levels by the year 2020 .
Prentice said he 's optimistic that despite these delays , Canada will still meet that target .
Week of 12/5
Oakland 21 Tennessee 42
4:25 PM Sun 100.0 * Chance in playoffs
100.0 * Win Super Bowl
Kansas City +1.9
Buffalo +1.1
Houston - 1.4
Pittsburgh - 3.2 - 0.2
Tennessee +16.4 +1.1
Cleveland - 1.9
Indianapolis -0.7
Oakland - 12.0 - 0.8
Jacksonville Out No
Minnesota 20 Detroit 7
1:00 PM Sun 100.0 * Chance in playoffs
100.0 * Win Super Bowl
Green Bay - 2.6 - 0.2
Minnesota +15.0 +1.2
LA Rams - 8.0 - 0.5
Chicago - 3.4 - 0.2
Tampa Bay Out No
Carolina Out No
LA Rams 28 Seattle 12
8:20 PM Sun 100.0 * Chance in playoffs
100.0 * Win Super Bowl
San Francisco - 0.2 +0.7
Seattle - 1.7 - 0.9
Green Bay - 2.5
Minnesota - 7.7 - 0.5
LA Rams +14.6 +0.9
Chicago - 2.6 - 0.2
Arizona 17 Pittsburgh 23
4:25 PM Sun 100.0 * Chance in playoffs
100.0 * Win Super Bowl
Buffalo - 1.0
Houston - 1.8
Pittsburgh +13.5 +0.9
Tennessee - 4.0 - 0.3
Cleveland - 2.4 - 0.2
Indianapolis - 1.2
Oakland - 2.7 - 0.2
LA Chargers Out No
Chicago 31 Dallas 24
8:20 PM Thu 100.0 * Chance in playoffs 100.0 * Win Super Bowl
Green Bay - 1.5
Dallas - 5.9 - 0.3
Minnesota - 3.2 - 0.2
LA Rams - 1.4
Philadelphia +5.5 +0.3
Chicago +6.7 +0.4
Washington +0.2
Houston 24 Denver 38
1:00 PM Sun 100.0 * Chance in playoffs
100.0 * Win Super Bowl
Buffalo +0.6
Houston - 8.4 - 1.0
Pittsburgh +2.3 +0.2
Tennessee +1.7
Indianapolis +2.4
Denver +0.7
Tampa Bay 38 Indianapolis 35
1:00 PM Sun 100.0 * Chance in playoffs
100.0 * Win Super Bowl
Houston +2.6 +0.2
Pittsburgh +1.5
Tennessee +3.1 +0.2
Indianapolis - 8.1 - 0.5
Tampa Bay +0.1
Green Bay 20 Washington 15
1:00 PM Sun 100.0 * Chance in playoffs
100.0 * Win Super Bowl
Green Bay +6.4 +1.0
LA Rams - 3.1 - 0.2
Chicago - 2.2
Washington Out No
Buffalo 17 Baltimore 24
1:00 PM Sun 100.0 * Chance in playoffs
100.0 * Win Super Bowl
Baltimore In +0.7
Buffalo - 3.6 - 0.8
Houston +0.7
Pittsburgh +0.9
Oakland +1.1
New England 16 Kansas City 23
4:25 PM Sun 100.0 * Chance in playoffs
100.0 * Win Super Bowl
Kansas City +3.3 +1.0
New England - 0.1 - 1.0
Oakland - 1.2
Denver - 0.8
Cleveland 27 Cincinnati 19
1:00 PM Sun 100.0 * Chance in playoffs
100.0 * Win Super Bowl
Pittsburgh - 2.0
Cleveland +2.9 +0.2
Oakland - 0.5
New Orleans 46 San Francisco 48
1:00 PM Sun 100.0 * Chance in playoffs
100.0 * Win Super Bowl
New Orleans - 0.9
San Francisco +1.4 +0.8
Green Bay +0.6
Minnesota -0.7
Jacksonville 10 LA Chargers 45
4:05 PM Sun 100.0 * Chance in playoffs
100.0 * Win Super Bowl
Jacksonville Out No
Atlanta 40 Carolina 20
1:00 PM Sun 100.0 * Chance in playoffs
100.0 * Win Super Bowl
Carolina Out No
Philadelphia vs NY Giants
If winner is : Home Tie Away
8:15 PM Mon 100.0 * Chance in playoffs
100.0 * Win Super Bowl
Dallas 62.5 62.5 84.4 3.9 3.9 5.3
Philadelphia 37.5 37.5 15.6 2.3 2.3 1.0
Week of 12/12
Dallas vs LA Rams
If winner is : Home Tie Away
4:25 PM Sun 100.0 * Chance in playoffs
100.0 * Win Super Bowl
San Francisco In In 99.0
Green Bay 94.5 94.5 87.1 8.6 8.6 8.2
Dallas 84.4 62.5 62.5 5.3 3.9 3.9
Minnesota 75.8 75.8 54.7 5.4 5.4 4.0
LA Rams 20.6 20.8 59.2 1.3 1.3 3.7
Philadelphia 15.6 37.5 37.5 1.0 2.3 2.3
Chicago 10.8 10.6 4.9 0.7 0.7 0.3
Pittsburgh vs Buffalo Home Tie Away
1:00 PM Sun 100.0 * Chance in playoffs
100.0 * Win Super Bowl
Buffalo 87.3 97.7 In 5.8 7.3 7.5
Houston 70.6 66.4 78.2 4.9 4.4 5.1
Pittsburgh 90.9 74.4 44.1 6.0 4.7 2.8
Tennessee 45.4 56.3 68.0 3.1 3.8 4.5
Denver Out Out 0.5 No No 0.0
Tennessee vs Houston Home Tie Away
1:00 PM Sun 100.0 * Chance in playoffs
100.0 * Win Super Bowl
Houston 55.5 67.0 93.3 3.5 4.2 6.5
Pittsburgh 64.2 67.8 70.8 4.2 4.4 4.6
Tennessee 79.4 67.0 34.0 5.5 4.2 2.1
Denver 0.3 Out 0.3 0.0 No 0.0
LA Chargers vs Minnesota Home Tie Away
8:20 PM Sun 100.0 * Chance in playoffs
100.0 * Win Super Bowl
Minnesota 50.3 79.6 80.2 3.6 5.6 5.8
LA Rams 50.6 29.2 29.2 3.2 1.8 1.8
Washington vs Philadelphia Home Tie Away
1:00 PM Sun 100.0 * Chance in playoffs
100.0 * Win Super Bowl
Dallas 84.4 62.5 62.5 5.3 3.9 3.9
Philadelphia 15.6 37.5 37.5 1.0 2.3 2.3
Green Bay vs Chicago Home Tie Away
1:00 PM Sun 100.0 * Chance in playoffs
100.0 * Win Super Bowl
Green Bay 98.6 97.9 83.0 10.2 9.0 6.6
LA Rams 38.0 35.6 41.8 2.4 2.2 2.6
Chicago 0.8 3.1 14.9 0.0 0.2 0.9
New Orleans vs Indianapolis Home Tie Away
8:15 PM Mon 100.0 * Chance in playoffs
100.0 * Win Super Bowl
Houston 77.0 76.9 71.9 5.2 5.2 4.8
Indianapolis 0.0 0.6 4.9 0.0 0.0 0.3
Arizona vs Cleveland Home Tie Away
4:05 PM Sun 100.0 * Chance in playoffs
100.0 * Win Super Bowl
Cleveland 0.5 0.6 8.2 0.0 0.0 0.5
Carolina vs Seattle Home Tie Away
1:00 PM Sun 100.0 * Chance in playoffs
100.0 * Win Super Bowl
Seattle 93.4 98.7 99.9 7.1 7.6 8.9
Cincinnati vs New England Home Tie Away
1:00 PM Sun 100.0 * Chance in playoffs
100.0 * Win Super Bowl
New England 99.0 In In 8.6 10.4 10.9
San Francisco vs Atlanta Home Tie Away
4:25 PM Sun 100.0 * Chance in playoffs
100.0 * Win Super Bowl
San Francisco In In 99.0 10.9 10.8 9.6
Kansas City vs Denver Home Tie Away
1:00 PM Sun 100.0 * Chance in playoffs
100.0 * Win Super Bowl
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
Even as it bombards the airwaves and magazine ad pages to tout its commitment to “ sustainable agriculture , ” GMO seed giant Monsanto has been having a rough go on the PR front of late .
First came a report ( PDF ) from the Organic Center showing that the company ’s core Round Up Ready products have sparked a veritable monsoon of herbicide use .
According to the report , since the introduction of “ herbicide tolerant ” corn , soy , and cotton in 1996 , farmers have sprayed 382.6 million more pounds of herbicides than they otherwise would have –the overwhelming bulk of it Monsanto ’s “ Roundup ” brand glyphosate .
And the gusher is only growing larger .
As farmers have come to increasingly rely on Roundup applications , glyphosate - resistant superweeds are spreading –inspiring farmers to both spray more Roundup and add other toxic chemicals to create herbicide cocktails .
“ Herbicide use on [ herbicide - tolerant ] crops rose a remarkable 31.4 % from 2007 to 2008 , ” the report states .
Now that ’s sustainable agriculture !
Meanwhile , Monsanto ’s dominance over the GMO seed market–and thus over U.S. corn , soy , and cotton production –has become so intense and obvious that “ U.S. Department of Justice lawyers are seeking documents and interviewing company employees about its marketing practices , ” AP reports .
The DOJ is also gearing up for a public workshop on competition in the seed industry , to be held in Iowa next March 10 .
The workshops , designed to hear farmer concerns over consolidation in the agriculture industry , will be co-directed by the Department of Agriculture .
If U.S. authorities actually did crack down on companies that use their market power to squeeze farmers , it would would mark an epochal shift in antitrust policy , as Barry C. Lynn shows in this classic 2006 Harper ’s essay .
Monsanto execs better hope that DOJ lawyers do n’t get their paws on a devastating recent report ( PDF ) from the Farmer - to - Farmer Campaign of Genetic Engineering .
The report establishes two facts that would , under any reasonable criteria , force the DOJ to take antitrust action : 1 ) Monsanto utterly dominates the market for GM traits in corn , soy , and cotton ; and 2 ) it is using its market power to raise prices to farmers and limit their access to non-GM seeds .
To make a long story short , Monsanto supplies proprietary traits to 85 percent of corn planted in the United States , and 92 percent of soy .
Corn and soy are the lifeblood of the U.S. food system .
If you eat a standard diet , you ’re ingesting a Monsanto - originated product with just about every bite you take .
Nor is the company a benign monopolist , the report shows .
GMO corn seeds have jumped from $ 110 per unit in 1999 to upwards of $ 190 by 2008 ; for soy , prices soared from less than $ 25 to more than $ 40 .
A huge portion of those jumps can be explained by the so - called “ technology fee ” –the price Monsanto charges for its proprietary traits .
For Roundup Ready soy , the fee has tripled since 2000 .
As the report puts it :
This means a farmer who plants one bag of Roundup Ready soybeans per acre on 1,000 acres of soybeans has seen his production costs rise by $ 11,000 in five years due to the trait price increase alone .
Microsoft , in all of its ’90s - era brazenness , never dreamt of such price hikes for operating system software .
The report brims with testimony from farmers and small seed - company owners bristling against Monsanto ’s massive market power .
“ I feel like a puppet in a string , ” one seed owner says .
That sentiment is echoed in an excellent investigative report by Associated Press ’ Christopher Leonard .
The story ’s opening paragraph says it all :
Confidential contracts detailing Monsanto Co. ’s business practices reveal how the world ’s biggest seed developer is squeezing competitors , controlling smaller seed companies and protecting its dominance over the multibillion - dollar market for genetically altered crops , an Associated Press investigation has found .
With all of this information on the table and circulating in the public record , DOJ lawyers will have a hard time avoiding a showdown with Monsanto over its practices .
Yet Monsanto is so powerful and well - connected that it just might skate free of antitrust trouble .
To gauge whether a publicly traded company faces a real threat from outside forces like antitrust issues , I check in with how its stock is faring .
Monsanto ’s stock price ( chart ) is actually up about 10 percent over the last month–evidence that investors think that the DOJ investigators are pussycats and that the company can continue imposing higher prices on farmers .
Let ’s hope the “ smart money ” is wrong .
Monsanto itself seems to be taking the threat somewhat seriously .
The Iowa Independent reported two weeks ago :
As the U.S. Departments of Justice and Agriculture gear up for an unprecedented series of investigative workshops on agricultural competition and regulatory issues , a Des Moines law firm with deep political ties has signed on to represent agribusiness giant Monsanto .
The Independent reports that the firm has signed a lobbying contract with Iowa lawyer and politico Jerry Crawford–a long - time friend and financial supporter of USDA chief and former Iowa governor Tom Vilsack :
In addition to supplying the Vilsack campaigns ( 1998 to 2002 ) and Heartland 527 - PAC [ Vilsack ’s political - action committee ] with more than $ 150,000 in donations , Crawford was listed as the Heartland PAC treasurer on documents filed with the Internal Revenue Service .
He also served on the board of directors for the Democratic Governors Association , and has been called “ one of the leading Democratic strategists in Iowa . ”
Crawford has been chairman of the Polk County Democratic Party , and has served as state chairman or legal counsel for presidential campaigns in Iowa for nearly as long as the state ’s first - in - the - nation caucuses have held influence .
Meanwhile , there also recently came a cold slap to one of Monsanto ’s most hyped promises : that it will soon deliver genetically engineered corn , rice , and wheat strains that demand much less nitrogen fertilizer .
Nitrogen fertilizer is a major ecological liability of industrial agriculture–synthetic nitrogen pollutes streams and blots out fish life , destroys soil organic matter , and enters the atmosphere as nitrous oxide , a greenhouse gas 300 times more potent than carbon .
In a recent report ( PDF ) , the Union of Concerned Scientists ’ Doug Gurian - Sherman pointed out that thus far , the GM crop industry has had zero success at engineering crops with “ complex traits ” like improved nitrogen efficiency .
Splicing in a gene that makes corn tolerate a certain herbicide is one thing ; improving a highly complex , multi-gene , not - completely - understood process like nitrogen efficiency is completely different .
Despite all the hype around nitrogen - efficient GM corn , the GM seed giants are conducting relatively few trials to test crops in the field , Gurian - Sherman reports .
“ Although a few genes that appear promising for improving NUE [ nitrogen - use efficiency ] have been identified in the public literature , they have yet to demonstrate that they can improve consistently in various environments , and without significant undesirable side effects that could harm our agriculture , environment , or public health , ” Gurian - Sherman writes .
Meanwhile , other methods of reducing nitrogen use , like traditional breeding and ecosystem approaches , have proven track records .
Gurian - Sherman is also the author of another report this year that shattered one of Monsanto ’s most cherished myths : that GM technology increases yields .
Actually , it does nothing of the sort .
RSS , Atom , and other XML - formatted feeds revolutionized the way we keep up with our favorite web sites , allowing us to use newsreaders to track updates rather than bookmarks and constant refreshing .
The only problem : Some sites do n't have RSS feeds .
Advertisement
The Google Reader team addressed this problem today , adding a new feature to allow users to track changes to any web site — even those that do n't have their own feed .
Advertisement
Granted , we 've seen webapps that create feeds for feedless sites in the past , but the integration into a popular newsreader like Google Reader is a big step .
And while most sites worth their salt have feeds coming out their ears , others — like Bill Gates ' recently launched Gates Notes — still do n't , making the new feature a welcome update for anyone who 's dealt with this frustration in the past .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Follow changes to any website [ Google Reader Blog ]
Despite our best efforts , we could not find the page you were looking for .
What happened ?
the link you clicked to arrive here has a typo in it
or somehow we removed that page , or gave it another name
or , quite unlikely for sure , maybe you typed it yourself and there was a little mistake
It 's not the end of everything though – you may be interested in the following pages on our site :
To me there are many parallels between Tiger Woods ' situation and the broader socio-economic predicament we find ourselves in circa 2009 .
Tiger , until very recently arguably the most recognized , respected and wealthiest athlete in the world , has fallen from grace and then some in the span of 2 short weeks .
He underwent no ostensible change during this time , other than that certain aspects of his life once hidden , suddenly came to public light .
Backed into a corner , Tiger has chosen a path of redemption and change , which at least for the moment requires him to give up the one thing that brought him fame and fortune to begin with : the game of golf .
However , he chose this path after the damage was already done .
Expand to an OECD culture scale , where on the surface we have decades of relatively straight line economic growth , more countries joining the ranks of the ' wealthy ' , and nearing 3 generations of world peace .
Though readers of this website are aware that this is somewhat illusory , as these gains have been subsidized by a one time gift of stored sunlight .
Though we have yet to have a similar ' cadillac crashing into fire hydrant and rear view windows smashed with 3 - wood ' moment in our civic discourse , this moment seems to be getting closer .
Could you imagine Obama , or Geithner , or Bernanke , acknowledging that we are shoveling fuel into a runaway train , and instead of ' spending our way ! ' to recovery ( the Tiger Woods equivalent of sex with yet another woman before he was discovered ) , someone in this country took such a stand , before it became a last resort ?
Tonight 's Campfire is an imaginary such admission , as usual followed by some open ended questions .
Faced with an avalanche of women coming forward claiming to have had affairs with the married Tiger Woods , the world 's greatest golfer posted this on his website yesterday :
From Tigerwoods.com : TIGER WOODS TAKING HIATUS FROM GOLF
I am deeply aware of the disappointment and hurt that my infidelity has caused to so many people , most of all my wife and children .
I want to say again to everyone that I am profoundly sorry and that I ask forgiveness .
It may not be possible to repair the damage I 've done , but I want to do my best to try .
I would like to ask everyone , including my fans , the good people at my foundation , business partners , the PGA Tour , and my fellow competitors , for their understanding .
What 's most important now is that my family has the time , privacy , and safe haven we will need for personal healing .
After much soul searching , I have decided to take an indefinite break from professional golf .
I need to focus my attention on being a better husband , father , and person .
Again , I ask for privacy for my family and I am especially grateful for all those who have offered compassion and concern during this difficult period .
There are many things he COULD have said : ' my family situation is my own business ' , ' there is a conspiracy to slander my name ' , ' no comment ' , etc .
However the weight of the evidence ( and perhaps the influence of his wife ) , led to a pretty laid bare confession .
This is what addicts do when they hit bottom and run out of options .
Tiger hit bottom ( socially speaking , he 's still a billionaire ) and took the path not of denial , or disregard , but of responsibility , sacrifice ( golf and probably money ) , and contrition .
Tiger represented the pinnacle of success in our culture , yet having sex with many women while his wife cared for 2 young children is such a story of taboo to our moral fiber that it narrowed his options , down to basically one ...
When I heard about this last night the situation struck me as a microcosm of our larger energy , economic and environmental situation .
So much of the salient and negative aspects have been either advertised or rationalized away , that real recognition of OECD insolvency , and our inability to service our oversized debts and unproductive infrastructure in an energy poor , consumption / population rich environment will someday create a serious watershed moment .
But at this point , ' the end of economic growth ' is still a taboo phrase in our country .
It will take some shocking revelations from someone of authority for people to viscerally question and then grasp our real situation .
Personally I think many people are looking for some sort of public admission / recognition of our situation .
Stop dancing around the truth with half measures meant to regain our former ( declining ) trajectory and come out with the truth cannons .
How might a similar speech from Obama appear ?
Though he is ( clearly ) not to blame for the OECD consumption orgy , he happens to be the commander at its terminus , and as such has opportunities that few others in history do .
Unpopular as it might sound , here is the ' society - wide equivalent ' of Tiger 's admission :
Fellow Americans , fellow citizens of the planet , I speak before you a humbled man .
I have become deeply aware of the reasons for the disappointment and hurt present in our modern societies .
Though no fault , or at least very little , of my own , I feel a responsibility as the leader of what has been considered the greatest nation on earth to speak the truth , the truth not as a politician , but as a human animal on an ecologically full planet .
Our model of equating spending and throughput as our metric for success no longer works .
For too long we have been able to issue debt to pay for our consumption , not just the USA , but all countries that rely on currencies that have no backing in our real wealth : our land , ecosystems and natural resources .
We did this because we could : GDP is not handicapped by increases in debt ; however our most important assets - our children and our environment - have their capital accounts drawn down each time we pursue unsustainable consumption .
I want to say to them that we are profoundly sorry and that we ask their forgiveness .
It may not be possible to repair the damage that has been done , but we should do our best to try .
I would like to ask everyone , including all citizens from accountants to zookeepers , our business leaders , the PGA Tour , and my fellow politicians around the world , for their understanding .
What 's most important now is that our population has the time , fortitude , and safe environment we will need for personal and cultural healing .
After much soul searching , I have decided to advocate an indefinite break from professional economic growth .
We need to focus our attention on being better husbands and wives , fathers and mothers , and people in general .
We should gradually but quickly change our goals from profits to resilience .
I am especially grateful for all those who show compassion , foresight and resolve during this difficult period and the years ahead .
The path ahead will require new institutions , new goals and much sacrifice .
It 's time our culture starts enjoying the rainbow instead of continually chasing the pot of gold .
This is something that will take all of us to accomplish - it will not happen if you wait for your government to fix it .
I think it is easier for one person to change their own course than an entire culture , but for an entire culture to change it has to start , somewhere , with one person .
Personally I think many people are looking for this public recognition .
Stop dancing around the truth with half measures meant to regain our former ( declining ) trajectory .
Bring out the honesty cannons , and lets get a true accounting of our assets in natural resource terms , change our goals , and set our course accordingly .
And so it turns out that Tiger Woods , once an icon of our culture , actually represents the worst type of example of how human raw materials given opportunities and cultural approval can overshoot to something decidedly and unexpectedly disappointing .
Next week I will post an essay titled “ The Neuroscience of Sustainability ” , suggesting that irrespective of the supply side changes we make to our extraction based economy , the real war / battle for sustainability will be fought on the neuroscience / demand side - will our society be able to switch its goals and activities to ones more aligned with our benign / cooperative neural heritage ( like oxytocin and serotonin ) and deemphasizes activities with high dopamine and testosterone feedbacks .
In retrospect we can probably guess what a typical Tiger Woods neural cocktail might look like .
Tiger is toast - he waited until his bad behavior reached a point where he had no choice .
I am hoping our culture wo n't follow the same path .
The main point of this post is that things we consider sacred cows ( or Tigers ) are under the surface anything but - and the negative feedback loops necessary to stop / slow errant behavior are naturally located well beyond the point of easy remediation .
CAMPFIRE QUESTIONS
======================================
What can world leaders say / do that would appeal to different aspects of our personalities than selfishness , greed and individualism ?
( i.e . How could powerdown be conveyed as a positive message ? )
Do new trajectories only follow ' bad news ' ?
Are we ( in aggregate ) ready for change that involves sacrifice , or just change that has no costs ?
Further thoughts and analysis welcomed ...
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful , committed citizens can change the world .
Indeed , it is the only thing that ever has .
- Margaret Mead
272 miles long peninsula Yamal in Siberia is considered to be one of the most beautiful places in the world .
It is also mother soil for vagrant tribes , the Nenets people .
Their main occupation is reindeer breeding and all they have are reindeer , because they build houses of reindeer skin and make their clothes of it .
There are a few thousand of herdsmen on the peninsula who have more than 500,000 reindeer .
But presently their traditional occupation is at stake owing to global warming and climate change .
Photo credits – 1
In a new report , the University of Michigan has found itself in unfamiliar territory — the bottom .
The Washington , D.C. - based nonprofit group Education Trust gave the University of Michigan some of the lowest overall marks out of 50 public flagship research institutions studied for the report , " Opportunity Adrift , " released Jan. 12 .
Instead of the traditional markers of prestige - like the academic status of the incoming freshmen class - the report focused on how well the nation 's best public research institutions reflect the student populations of their states .
University of Michigan graduates pose for a photograph after walking on stage during commencement at Crisler Arena in December 2009 .
Melanie Maxwell | AnnArbor.com
Thirty - nine percent of students attending public colleges in Michigan receive federal Pell Grants - the universal marker for need - but only 13 percent of those enrolled at U - M receive the grant , said Jennifer Engle , a report co-author and assistant director of higher education for The Education Trust .
Engle says such statistics show flagship public research institutions are turning their backs on populations they serve , favoring children of the elite over academically qualified low - income or minority students .
" Public universities were founded to provide that premier education experience in a cost accessible to the full range of students in their states , " she said .
" But what we see is that they are not living up to that part of their mission , to really be that center of excellence for the entire breadth of their state populations . "
University of Michigan officials will respond to the report after reviewing it thoroughly , U - M spokesperson Kelly Cunningham said Friday in a written statement .
" We have recently received a copy of the Education Trust report , and want to give it thorough and serious consideration .
Until then , we cannot discuss the report in depth .
The report covers topics of great importance that are central to American higher education .
At the University of Michigan , we work to make higher education accessible and to ensure that our students succeed . "
Study authors said U - M also received low marks because the school 's minority enrollment numbers are n't keeping pace with increasing numbers of under - represented minorities - blacks , Hispanics and Native Americans - in the state 's population .
" The population of under - represented minority students within state of Michigan increased , but the percent of minority students enrolled at the University of Michigan remained about the same ; they were n't keeping up with the trends in demographics in the state , " said Mary Lynch , a co-author of the study and a higher education research and policy analyst for The Education Trust .
There is no mention in the study of Proposal 2 , the measure approved by Michigan voters in 2006 that banned racial and gender preferences in government hiring and public university admissions .
Areas explored and compared among the 50 flagships included low - income and underrepresented minority student access , the relative success of students from those groups in earning a degree , and on the changes in those figures over time .
U - M received low marks , as did the University of Indiana Bloomington , in two key areas : in the category that measured overall success of minority and low - income student access and minority graduation rates , and in the category that measured progress in those areas .
Authors analyzed data from 2004 - 2005 and compared it to data from 2007 - 2008 to measure progress .
The report also pointed out the University of Michigan is one of nine institutions studied that make financial aid pledges to the neediest students .
U- M helps fully cover expenses of students with family incomes under $ 20,000 and no expected financial contribution .
Peter McPherson , who led Michigan State University for 11 years and now serves as president of the Association of Public and Land - Grant Universities , released a statement defending the universities .
Public universities have made great strides to expand funds for student aid , worked to increase graduation rates for all racial / ethic categories of students and increased the proportion of minority enrollment overall during the time studied , McPherson said .
Juliana Keeping covers higher education for AnnArbor.com .
Reach her at julianakeeping@annarbor.com or 734-623-2528 .
Follow Juliana Keeping on Twitter
The Who are playing the Super Bowl in Miami next week .
So 1,500 homes in Brevard Country received this warning about Pete Townshend .
Kids :
If he offers to let you " check out his Bridgestone Tires , " tell an adult .
[ Page2 Live ]
They are the first line of defense in airport security but two troubling incidents involving TSA agents at LAX are raising concerns .
A TSA agent was arrested on January 3rd in Terminal One at LAX , a source told NBCLA .
He had just gotten off duty and was behaving erratically , saying , " I am god , I ’m in charge . "
Meanwhile , a TSA Internal Affairs investigation turned up evidence of LAX TSA agents using drugs at an after - hours party .
TSA officials say a videotape of the party was of poor quality and the employees were not in uniform , but 4 employees were tentatively identified .
All 4 were tested for drugs .
One came back positive and that employee was fired .
The Federal Security Director at LAX , Larry Fetters released the following statement :
Clarkson , James May and Richard Hammond kicked off their new BBC2 series in Romania .
When they went to rural areas , Clarkson put on a pork pie-style hat and talked of entering “ Borat country ” , a reference to Sacha Baron Cohen ’s film about the fictional Kazakhstan television presenter .
During the film , broadcast last week , Clarkson said : ‘‘ I ’m wearing this hat so the gypsies think I am one .
I ’m told they can be violent if they do n’t like the look of you . ”
When he sees locals building a house he jokes they are building “ gallows ” .
Romania will soon mark the 20th anniversary of the fall of communist dictator Nicolae Ceausescu , shot dead by a firing squad on Christmas Day 1989 .
Illinois ’ finances are in dire straights .
Some fear the state is a hair ’s breath from ( gasp ! ) bankruptcy .
" We would like all the stakeholders of Illinois to recognize how close the state is to bankruptcy or insolvency , " Laurence Msall , president of the Civic Federation , a fiscal watchdog in Chicago told Crain ’s Chicago Business .
Bankruptcy is defined as an inability to pay debts out of current assets , and it ’s no secret that Illinois ca n’t pay its bills .
The latest count puts Illinois ’ unpaid bills at around $ 5 billion – a contentious fact among the state ’s gubernatorial hopefuls .
The question is : what can Illinois do about its near - bankrupt status ?
Answer : not much .
Federal bankruptcy protection does n’t apply to states , so there 's no way for Illinois to hide from its creditors .
And none of Illinois politicians are willing to make the tough choices needed to close the budget gap , like raising taxes or cutting spending , Crain ’s notes .
Many foresee a governmental collapse in which vendors will stop bidding on contracts , investors will stop buying bonds and employees will be paid with IOUs , similar to what California has done .
" I do n't see any light at the end of the tunnel , " Dan Strick , CEO of SouthStar Services , a Chicago Heights non-profit that helps people with developmental disabilities told Crain's .
" It seems to be getting worse and worse , and the delays longer and longer . "
Indeed , Illinois is not taking in cash , its liquid assets have dipped below $ 1 million at times , Comptroller Dan Hynes said , and the state is supposed to pay $ 5.4 billion into its pension fund next year and $ 10 billion the year after that .
And that 's just the beginning .
" The crisis will come when you see state institutions shutting down because they can't pay their employees , " David Merriman , head of the economics department at the University of Illinois at Chicago told the publication .
No - one wants to see a budget crisis .
Read more of the gritty details at Crains .
ACLU : Racial element present in creation of ‘ school - to - prison pipeline ’
A lawsuit filed Wednesday by five students in the New York City school system against the NYPD paints a picture of school officers who routinely abuse students and arrest them for non-criminal activities .
The lawsuit ( PDF ) , brought by the American and New York Civil Liberties Unions on behalf of five students aged 13 to 18 , says that school safety officers “ have a long - standing pattern of abuse , unlawful arrests and excessive force against minority students who commit even minor infractions like talking back , being late for class or having a cell phone in school , ” Courthouse News reports .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Aggressive policing is stripping thousands of New York City students of their dignity and disrupting their ability to learn , ” Donna Lieberman , executive director of the NYCLU said in a statement .
“ Despite mounting evidence of systemic misconduct by police personnel in the schools , the NYPD refuses to even acknowledge any problems with its school policing practices .
We are confident that the courts will compel much - needed reform . ”
One of the plaintiffs in the suit was 11 years old when she says she was “ handcuffed and perp - walked into a police precinct for doing nothing more than doodling on a desk in erasable ink , ” a lawyer for the students said .
Another plaintiff , identified only as Daija , says she was threatened by two adult strangers outside her middle school in the Bronx .
A school officer came by and ordered her back into the school , where the two adults had gone .
Fearful of going into the building where the adults were , she refused .
The officer “ grabbed Daija by the arm , handcuffed her , forcefully threw her down and pinned her to the ground .
Daija sat handcuffed at a desk until her mother managed to find her .
No charges were filed against her .
Daija required medical attention as a result of the assault , ” the ACLU says .
“ I feel unsafe at school , ” said Daija .
“ I ’m afraid that School Safety Officers could attack me again for no reason .
I just want the school year to be over so I can be a normal kid again .
I should n’t have to be scared of school . ”
The ACLU argues that aggressive policing of relatively minor behavioral problems in schools is contributing to a “ school - to - prison pipeline ” that funnels students “ out of the public schools and into the juvenile and criminal justice systems .
These children tend to be disproportionately black and latino , and often have learning disabilities or histories of poverty , abuse or neglect . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
There are some 5,000 NYPD officers patrolling the hallways of New York City ’s schools , with some 200 of them armed .
Since the NYPD took over school policing in 1998 , “ the number of police personnel assigned to patrol New York City public schools has grown by 73 percent , even though school crime was declining prior to the 1998 transfer and even though student enrollment is at its lowest point in over a decade , ” the lawsuit states .
The lawsuit wants to see control over “ disciplinary decisions ” taken away from the NYPD and returned to school administrators .
It also requests better training for school officers , noting that they are given only 14 weeks of training , versus six months for regular officers .
The lawsuit asks the court to mandate a proper process for dealing with complaints against school officers .
According to the ACLU , 500 complaints yearly are lodged against school officers .
The NYPD said Wednesday it had not seen the lawsuit and could not comment .
One of the most useful aspects of social media has been its power to help people discover people , content and ideas that they would have otherwise missed .
Born from that shared desire for discovery has been an abundance of incredible web communities .
Some , like Slashdot , focus on technology , while othersm such as Twitter , are mainstream open platforms for sharing .
Out of all of these communities , though , a few stand out due to their highly engaged web communities and their unique technology for finding the best of the web .
Social discovery sites Digg , StumbleUpon , and Reddit are three of the best examples of what happens when technology meets community .
This week we are asking you , the readers , to answer a simple question :
Which one of these social discovery sites is your favorite ?
Or perhaps more in the spirit of our weekly Web Faceoff series , which one would win in a death match ?
While Digg may be the largest of the three social media communities , StumbleUpon has had its victories and all three have extremely passionate communities that cannot be ignored .
As always , you have the final say .
This week 's poll will close on Friday , December 18 , at 12:00 p.m. PT .
So make sure to cast your ballot , and then leave a comment telling us who commands your allegiance .
Web Faceoff : Overall Results
Week 1 : - Mozilla Firefox vs. Google Chrome - WINNER : Firefox , 4600 votes ( Chrome : 3310 votes , Tie : 911 votes )
Week 2 : - Tumblr vs. Posterous - WINNER : Tumblr , 1809 votes ( Posterous : 1496 votes , Tie : 256 votes )
Week 3 : - Pandora vs. Last.fm - WINNER : Last.fm , 1187 votes ( Pandora : 1156 votes , Tie : 122 votes )
Week 4 : - Twitter vs. Facebook - WINNER : Facebook , 2484 votes ( Twitter : 2061 votes , Tie : 588 votes )
Week 5 : - WordPress vs. Typepad - WINNER : WordPress , 2714 votes ( Typepad : 267 votes , Tie : 357 votes )
Week 6 : - Windows 7 vs. Snow Leopard - WINNER : Windows 7 , 3632 votes ( Snow Leopard : 3278 votes , Tie : 121 votes )
Week 7 : - TweetDeck vs. Seesmic Desktop - WINNER : TweetDeck , 3294 votes ( Seesmic Desktop : 1055 votes , Tie : 260 votes )
Week 8 : - Microsoft Office vs. Google Docs - WINNER : Microsoft Office , 1365 votes ( Google Docs : 994 votes , Tie : 315 votes )
Week 9 : - Apple iPhone vs. Google Android - WINNER : Google Android , 3323 votes ( Apple iPhone : 1494 votes , Tie : 228 votes )
Week 10 : - AT&T vs. Verizon - WINNER : Verizon , 1161 votes ( AT&T : 538 votes , Tie : 118 votes )
Week 11 : - Google vs. Bing - WINNER : Google , 2180 votes ( Bing : 519 votes , Tie : 97 votes )
Week 12 : - iPod Touch / iPhone vs. Nintendo DS vs. Sony PSP - WINNER : iPod Touch / iPhone , 704 votes ( Sony PSP : 639 votes , Nintendo DS : 482 votes )
At the List Universe we love to dispel myths – so here we are , yet again , presenting another list of common myths that need to be debunked and forgotten once and for all .
This time we look at medical myths – of which there are thousands .
This is a selection of the ten most common , but do feel free to add your own to the comments .
10 Sugar Hyperactivity
The Myth : Sugar makes kids hyperactive
Dr. Vreeman and Dr. Carroll , both pediatricians at the Riley Hospital for Children recently said : “ in at least 12 double - blinded , randomized , controlled trials , scientists have examined how children react to diets containing different levels of sugar .
None of these studies , not even studies looking specifically at children with attention deficit - hyperactivity disorder , could detect any differences in behavior between the children who had sugar and those who did not . ”
This includes artificial and natural sources of sugar .
Interestingly , in the study , parents who were told their children had been given sugar when they had n’t , noted that the child was more hyperactive .
So it seems it is all in the parent ’s mind .
9 Body Heat
The Myth :
You lose most of your body heat through your head
A military study many years ago tested the loss of temperature in soldiers when exposed to very cold temperatures .
They found rapid heat loss in the head – and so the idea that we lose heat through our heads was born .
But what they did n’t tell you was that the soldiers were fully clothed except for their heads .
This obviously skews the statistics considerably .
The fact is , completely naked , you lose approximately 10 % of your body heat through the head – the other 90 % is lost via the other parts of your body .
8 Water Consumption
The Myth :
You should drink at least eight glasses of water a day
The origins of this myth is most likely the fact that a 1945 government agency said that the human body needed around 8 glasses of fluid a day .
This included the fluid from all of the foods we eat and drinks like tea and coffee .
Somehow over time “ fluid ” turned to “ water ” and the modern water myth arose .
This also lead to silly slogans like “ if you are thirsty it is too late ” – a concept that would seem to have been invented by water bottlers who have something to gain from excess water consumption in the population in general .
So , in reality , if you are thirsty , drink some water .
If you are not , do n’t .
7 Gummed Up
The Myth : Chewing gum takes seven years to pass through your system
I am sure we have all been told at least once in our life by a concerned adult , not to swallow gum as it will take seven years to leave our bodies .
This is right up there with the whole “ fruit seed growing a tree in your stomach ” silliness , but while most adults realize the tree story is a myth , they do n’t realize that the gum one is too .
It is true that gum is not digestible in the human body , but it simply passes whole through your system .
It does n’t stick to your insides , it just continues along with any food you have eaten and pops out the other end .
This myth may have partly arisen from the fact that swallowing gum was once viewed as lower class and ignorant .
6 Arthritic Knuckles
The Myth : Cracking your knuckles will cause arthritis in later life
The cracking sound in the knuckles is caused by the bones moving apart and forming a gas bubble – the sound is the bubble bursting .
It is quite common to hear someone warning a knuckle - cracker that they will get arthritis , but the worst that can happen to a compulsive - cracker is that their finger joints may weaken over time .
Arthritis is caused by a variety of things ( such as crystal formations in the case of gout ) – but knuckle cracking is n’t one of them .
5 Baby teeth
The Myth : Teething causes a fever
Scientific studies have been done in the area of teething which show no correlation at all between fever and teething .
If your baby is suffering from a new tooth and they also have a fever , it is advisable to check for other causes of the fever .
The same is true of diarrhea which is also often blamed on teething in infants .
It is always better to be safe than sorry when dealing with the health of children .
4 Cancer Treatment
The Myth : Cancer treatment is painful and pointless – furthermore , it is incurable
While this may have been almost true thirty years ago , medical advances have meant that modern cancer treatments are far more effective and cause less suffering for the patient .
A few decades ago , 90 % of children with leukemia died ; today 80 % survive .
Many people think cancer is incurable as there is n’t a “ one drug fixes all ” cure , but there are many people who are completely cured of cancer .
Various drugs exist to treat different types of cancer , and many of them are extremely effective and well worth trying if you do get the disease .
3 Back Pain
The Myth : Back pain should be treated with bed rest
The opposite is actually true in this case .
Bed rest can prevent the lower back from fully recovering – or at the very least , delay the recovery significantly .
Patients who continue to engage in ordinary activities recover faster and usually have fewer problems with recurring pain and other back troubles .
Interestingly , many studies have shown that this is not just true of back problems , but also many other medical problems .
Thirty - nine independent studies found bed rest to be more harmful than good in a broad range of illnesses .
2 Turkey Sleep
The Myth : Eating turkey makes you sleepy because it contains tryptophan
This is one of the most common myths on this list – and it pops up every year around Thanksgiving .
But actually , chicken and ground beef contain almost identical quantities of tryptophan as turkey does .
Other foods such as cheese and pork contain significantly more of the chemical than turkey .
So why do people think turkey makes them sleepy ?
It is most likely due to turkey appearing at very large meals often eaten during the day rather than the evening .
The heavy meal slows blood flow which can cause drowsiness , and the timing can have a huge psychological impact : in other words , you are imagining it .
1 Midnight Snacks
The Myth : Eating at night makes you fat
Secret snackers rejoice !
This is a complete myth .
It does n’t matter what time of day you eat , as long as you eat only the total calories that you burn each day , you will not gain weight .
If you eat fewer calories than you burn , you will lose weight , and if you eat more calories , you will gain .
It is as simple as that .
Having said that , the routine of three meals a day at the same time each day can have other benefits in life ( routine is good and it helps humans work more effectively ) , but snacks at night are no worse than snacks in the morning or afternoon .
+ Weight Gain
The Myth :
It is harder to lose weight than to gain weight
Actually – once you get your head around a new eating pattern , math and science are working in your favor .
It is mathematically easier to lose than to gain .
For example , if you eat 3,500 calories more than you burn , you will gain 0.3 pounds ( 0.14 kg ) , but if you burn 3,500 calories more than you eat , you will lose 1 pound ( 0.45 kg ) .
Also , if you want to lose weight , you can expose yourself to significant changes in temperature which speeds up your metabolism .
Finally , the above information is based on a pure fat diet – variations to the math occur when you introduce other types of food .
Jump to follow - up
The purpose of this post is to reveal a few samples of things that are taught on a homeopathy ‘ degree ’ course .
The course in question was the " BSc Hons homeopathy course at the University of Central Lancashire ( UCLAN ) .
Entry to this course was closed in 2008 and , after an internal review , UCLAN closed almost all of the rest of its courses in alternative medicine too .
The university is to be commended for this .
The purpose of making public some of what used to be taught is not to embarrass UCLAN , which has already done the sensible thing , but to make it clear that the sort of thing taught on such courses is both absurd and dangerous , in the hope of discouraging other courses
. Three years after I first asked for teaching materials , the Information Commisioner ruled that all the reasons given for refusal were invalid , and they must be handed over .
However UCLAN then appealed against the decision , so the appeal went to an Information Tribunal .
That appeal was lost decisively and UCLAN was .obliged to provide the whole of the course material .
On Christmas Eve I got five large box files , 13.7 kg of documents , or 30 pounds , in old money .
Because these documents are copyright , I rely on the twin defences of fair quotation ( only a tiny proportion is being quoted ) and public interest .
The Information Tribunal decided very firmly that it was in the public interest that it should be known what is taught on such courses , and that can be achieved if some of it is made public .
Here are a few extracts .
Code of ethics
The students are given a copy of the code of ethics of the Society of Homeopaths .
This is 25 pages long , but paragraph 48 is especially interesting .
48 Advertisements , stationery and name plates maintain a high standard of propriety and
integrity to enhance the reputation of homeopathy .
Advertising shall not contain claims of superiority .
No advertising may be used which expressly or implicitly claims to cure named diseases .
Advertising shall not be false , fraudulent , misleading , deceptive , extravagant or sensational .
No mention though , of the fact that this code of ethics has been repeatedly breached by the Society of Homeopaths itself , on its own website .
See , for example , here in 2007 and again in 2009 .
as well as Ernst ’s article on this topic .
Anyone who has followed dialogues among homeopaths knows that " claims to cure named diseases " is the norm not the exception .
The code of ethics is just a bad joke .
And the ( late ) course at UCLAN was no exception .
Take , for example , course HP3002 , Therapeutic Homeopathy , module leader Jean Duckworth .
Homeopathic treatment of cancer
There was a lecture on HP3002 called " A Homeopathic Approach to Cancer ( Ramakrishnan methodology [ sic ] ) " ..
Here are 10 slides from that lecture .
It is illegal to claim to be able to cure cancer under the Cancer Act 1939 .
If a homeopath were to make claims like these in public they ’d be open to prosecution , not to mention in breach of the SoH ’s code of ethics .
If cancer is not a " named disease " , what is ?
Aha so it is better if the water is diluted in some more water .
Specific treatments for a named disease are recommended .
What happened to treating the whole person ?
Now specific organs are being treated .
The term " affinity " , as used here , is of course sheer hocus pocus .
It is easy to forget when reading this that none of the “ medicines ” contain any medicine whatsoeever .
Notice that the term " remedy " is used throughout .
Any reasonable person would interpret " remedy " to imply " cure " , though no doubt a homeopath , if challenged , would claim that " remedy " carried no such implication .
The last slide is typical of junk medicine : the personal testimonial , supplied with no detail whatsoever .
Just an anecdote which is useless as evidence .
This lecture alone strikes me as a cruel ( and possibly illegal ) hoax perpetrated on desperate patients .
Of course a true believer might get some solace from taking the sugar pills , but that is not sufficient justification .
The same course dealt with quite a lot of other " named diseases " , autism , ADHD and coping with a heart attack .
And , you are asked , did you think arnica is just a first aid remedy ?
If that is n’t a list of " named diseases " , what is ?
The code of ethics appears to be a total sham .
And of course never forget that the “ arnica ” does n’t contain any arnica anyway .
And if you do n’t believe that you can read the words of Kate Chatfield , module leader on thie very course , as recorded in the minutes of evidence to the Select Committee on Science and Technology .
Q538 Lord Broers : I have a simple , technical question about homeopathy and drugs .
Is it possible to distinguish between homeopathic drugs after they have been diluted ?
Is there any means of distinguishing one from the other ?
Ms Chatfield : Only by the label .
You can read a lovely analysis of the views of Kate Chatfield by physicist A.P. Gaylard here .
Follow - up
The Daily Telegraph .
January 8th 2009 Ian Douglas reported on this post :
The workings of a BSc in homeopathy
The Lancashire Evening Post carried a big spread on January 15th , Professor seeks out the truth about ‘ quackery ’ .
River ’s Edge .
News and thoughts from Preston , Lancashire reviewed the Lancashire Evening Post article on Saturday January 16th : Homeopathy at UCLAN , a degree in quackery .
The cost of trying to stop this material being revealed .
UCLAN told me on 5 February 2010 that the legal costs alone were £ 80,307.94 ( inc. VAT ) .
That does n’t include staff time and photocopying .
I ’m not convinced that this was a good way to spend taxpayers ’ money .
2009 NFL Power Rankings : Week 1 ESPN.com
Week : Select Pre 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18
The 2009 NFL season does not kick off officially until Thursday , but we 've already got a rising team -- that is , according to the latest poll of our experts .
If the Seattle Seahawks continue to skyrocket the ESPN.com NFL Power Rankings at the rate they 've been climbing this year , expect them to be our No. 1 team by , say , Week 3 .
The Seahawks , 4 - 12 during an injury - riddled 2008 campaign , are No. 15 in the Week 1 edition of our rankings .
So what , you say ?
In May , the Seahawks ranked 22nd .
In our Training Camp edition published in July , the birds in blue were 18th .
They finished last season ranked 28th .
Instead of 12 experts weighing in weekly , we have four who will cast their votes .
See the glossary below for details .
The first four spots remain unchanged from our Training Camp edition .
The San Diego Chargers and Indianapolis Colts flip - flopped the Nos. 5 - 6 spots .
• More : Voting | Blog takes | SportsNation : Rank 'em | SportsNation : Pick'em | Football Today
( Editor 's note : LW indicates each team 's ranking last week -- in this case , in the Training Camp edition Power Rankings . )
UN SECRETARY general Ban Ki-moon last week urged religious groups to “ provoke , challenge and inspire political leaders into acting more boldly ” on the rapidly advancing climate threat .
The major faith groups have real power , he pointed out .
They control half the world ’s schools ( and far more than half in Ireland ) ; they are the world ’s third largest category of investors ; and they produce more publications than the entire secular press in the EU , writes JOHN GIBBONS
And , more importantly , since they do n’t have to run the gauntlet of being elected every couple of years , religious leaders are free to tell the public unpalatable truths from which politicians so often run scared .
“ Your potential impact is enormous , ” said the UN chief .
“ You are the leaders who can have the longest , widest , deepest reach . ”
His point is echoed by Al Gore , whose new book , Our Choice : A Plan to Solve the Climate Crisisacknowledges that simply laying out the facts is failing to get through .
To be effective , the message must also appeal to people ’s sense of spiritual and moral duty of care .
The Irish hierarchy has reportedly been working for the last two and a half years in developing a position on climate change .
Finally , and barely three weeks ahead of the Copenhagen conference , the fruits of this labour were delivered this week as The Cry of the Earth , the Catholic bishops ’ pastoral letter on climate change .
The document has much to recommend it , although perhaps its greatest achievement is in getting published at all , given the bloody - minded indifference to environmental warnings among a powerful rump in the hierarchy .
It scores well on social justice , particularly between the rich ( polluting ) world and the poor who must first bear the cost .
Ireland ’s disastrous 130 per cent increase in transport sector emissions between 1990 and 2007 is rightly chided .
So too are the lax building and planning regulations up until 2008 that made it profitable for builders to lash up a chaotic sprawl of poorly insulated housing .
Cynics might well note that the bishops had precious little to say while this unsustainable binge was in full swing .
Columban missionary and theologian Fr Seán McDonagh is acutely aware of this , and disappointed that this pastoral letter , for instance , failed to recommend a reduction in meat consumption .
Despite these and other misgivings , overall McDonagh is happy that the bishops have thrown their red cap into the environmental ring , an issue he has campaigned on for three decades , having witnessed the devastating effects of deforestation in the Third World .
Clerical ambivalence is never , however , far beneath the surface .
In the foreword , Cardinal Seán Brady alludes to “ potentially negative consequences ” and “ plausible links ” , while also nodding to climate sceptics .
McDonagh told me he was unhappy with the tone of the cardinal ’s introduction , adding : “ I felt he should n’t have said that . ”
Several allusions to the Book of Genesis are made in The Cry of the Earth .
Man ’s role as a steward of nature is emphasised , but the quote from Genesis which explicitly sets out our divinely ordained right to plunder the natural world is omitted entirely : “ The fear of you and the dread of you shall be upon every beast of the Earth . . . upon all that moveth upon the Earth , and upon the fishes of the sea ; into your hands are they delivered . ”
Christian teaching has long placed man separate and superior to nature .
This has had disastrous consequences , first for nature and now for humanity .
To its credit , the pastoral letter genuinely tries to nudge the focus from being utterly human - centric and towards placing our existence within a complex , fragile and intrinsically valuable web of life .
Destroy that web , and we commit to our own extinction .
“ Man ’s dominion is not a licence to treat the Earth as a quarry , ” is how McDonagh puts it .
More powerful than any religion , he believes , is the myth of progress .
“ The elephant in the [ secular ] room is economics .
On the Christian side , it ’s about not taking the Earth seriously . ”
Back in 2007 , there were strong signals that Pope Benedict XVI had overcome traditional Vatican scepticism as well as suspicion about “ godless ” environmentalism and was in favour of an aggressive ecological stance .
“ There is no longer a schism , ” is how one analyst put it .
Since then , the green glow appears to have cooled .
Earlier this year , the papal encyclical , Caritas in Veritate , emphasised human stewardship and our responsibility towards creation .
However , it ignores entirely the overwhelming environmental issue of runaway global population growth , bizarrely fretting instead about the dangers of under-population .
“ Doing God ’s work ” means different things to different people .
The chief executive of Goldman Sachs boasted this week that it ’s about outlandish profits and massive bonuses .
The firm was bailed out by the Obama administration just 12 months ago and is once again spooning out millions to senior staff .
Goldman Sachs chairman Peter Sutherland might feel he too is doing God ’s work .
Just last year Pope Benedict awarded the former Irish attorney general the Order of St Gregory the Great for his “ expert financial advice ” to the Vatican .
Other recent recipients of this papal honour include Conrad Black ( currently in prison for fraud ) and tycoon Rupert Murdoch .
The moral imperative of speaking truth to power has never been more pressing nor , it sometimes seems , more improbable .
John Gibbons blogs at www.thinkorswim.ie
Many of us will have treasured the 1938 recording on 78s conducted by Bruno Walter , an historic issue made just before the Anschluss .
He is the conductor of another classic version here , recorded in a happier Vienna in 1952 , when the tenor soloist was Julius Patzak and the mezzo Kathleen Ferrier , who was to die from cancer a year later after a career of just 10 years .
It is impossible not to have this in mind as she sings the great Farewell movement .
The music in places lies rather high for her but the slight strain adds to the effect .
Walter had conducted a famous performance with Ferrier at the first Edinburgh Festival in 1947 .
She was overcome with tears and omitted the final ' Ewig ' .
Afterwards she apologised to Walter who replied : ' Miss Ferrier , if we were all such artists as you , we should all have been in tears . '
There ’s quite a big story developing over Dr. Rajenda Pachauri , chairman of the UN ’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) and how it botched it ’s fourth IPCC assessment report ( AR4 ) in 2007 with the inclusion of non peer reviewed speculation of glacier melt by 2035 in violation of its own standards of practice .
In a nutshell , Roger Pielke Jr. sums it up succinctly by saying ” Sorry , but this stinks ! “ :
Of course , neither Dr. Pachauri nor Dr. Hasnain ever said anything about the error when it was receiving worldwide attention ( as being true ) in 2007 and 2008 , nor did they raise any issues with the IPCC citing non-peer reviewed work ( which is a systemic problem ) .
They did however use the IPCC and its false claims as justification in support of fund raising for their own home institution .
At no point was any of this disclosed .
If the above facts and time line is correct ( and I welcome any corrects to details that I may have in error ) , then what we have here is a classic and unambiguous case of financial conflict of interest .
IPCC Chairman Pachauri was making public comments on a dispute involving factual claims by the IPCC at the same time that he was negotiating for funding to his home institution justified by those very same claims .
If instead of climate science we were instead discussing scientific advisors on drug safety and funding from a pharmaceutical company to the advisory committee chair the conflict would be obvious .
And , in parallel there ’s a developing story uncovered by Richard North and Christopher Booker in the Telegraph on the various conflicts of interest they say they have uncovered related to Pachauri ’s business dealings with an organization Dr. Pachauri heads called TERI ( The Energy and Resources Institute ) .
North also has part 1 of a 2 part series with more details up on his EU referendum blog which you can read here .
The issue is this :
The one thing all this made obvious , however , was that TERI Europe ’s income and expenditure in recent years were both much greater than the figures it declared to the Charity Commission .
Looking at something else entirely unrelated today , hurricanes , I stumbled upon Dr. Pachauri ’s intertwining of his work for TERI and the IPCC when I was given a link by a WUWT commenter John from MN to Dr. Christopher Landsea ’s ( hurricane expert , chief scientist at the National Hurricane Center ) discussion of why he resigned .
It seems Pachauri and others were n’t paying any attention to the science he was presenting that showed no link between global warming and hurricanes .
See here for NOAA ’s press release on Landsea ’s benchmark paper breaking any such imagined linkage .
Here is the open resignation letter from Dr. Landsea from January 2005 as posted on Dr. Roger Pielke Jr ’s older “ Prometheus ” blog .
==========================================
Dear colleagues ,
After some prolonged deliberation , I have decided to withdraw from participating in the Fourth Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) .
I am withdrawing because I have come to view the part of the IPCC to which my expertise is relevant as having become politicized .
In addition , when I have raised my concerns to the IPCC leadership , their response was simply to dismiss my concerns .
With this open letter to the community , I wish to explain the basis for my decision and bring awareness to what I view as a problem in the IPCC process .
The IPCC is a group of climate researchers from around the world that every few years summarize how climate is changing and how it may be altered in the future due to manmade global warming .
I had served both as an author for the Observations chapter and a Reviewer for the 2nd Assessment Report in 1995 and the 3rd Assessment Report in 2001 , primarily on the topic of tropical cyclones ( hurricanes and typhoons ) .
My work on hurricanes , and tropical cyclones more generally , has been widely cited by the IPCC .
For the upcoming AR4 , I was asked several weeks ago by the Observations chapter Lead Author – Dr. Kevin Trenberth – to provide the writeup for Atlantic hurricanes .
As I had in the past , I agreed to assist the IPCC in what I thought was to be an important , and politically - neutral determination of what is happening with our climate .
Shortly after Dr. Trenberth requested that I draft the Atlantic hurricane section for the AR4 ’s Observations chapter , Dr. Trenberth participated in a press conference organized by scientists at Harvard on the topic “ Experts to warn global warming likely to continue spurring more outbreaks of intense hurricane activity ” along with other media interviews on the topic .
The result of this media interaction was widespread coverage that directly connected the very busy 2004 Atlantic hurricane season as being caused by anthropogenic greenhouse gas warming occurring today .
Listening to and reading transcripts of this press conference and media interviews , it is apparent that Dr. Trenberth was being accurately quoted and summarized in such statements and was not being misrepresented in the media .
These media sessions have potential to result in a widespread perception that global warming has made recent hurricane activity much more severe .
I found it a bit perplexing that the participants in the Harvard press conference had come to the conclusion that global warming was impacting hurricane activity today .
To my knowledge , none of the participants in that press conference had performed any research on hurricane variability , nor were they reporting on any new work in the field .
All previous and current research in the area of hurricane variability has shown no reliable , long - term trend up in the frequency or intensity of tropical cyclones , either in the Atlantic or any other basin .
The IPCC assessments in 1995 and 2001 also concluded that there was no global warming signal found in the hurricane record .
Moreover , the evidence is quite strong and supported by the most recent credible studies that any impact in the future from global warming upon hurricane will likely be quite small .
The latest results from the Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory ( Knutson and Tuleya , Journal of Climate , 2004 ) suggest that by around 2080 , hurricanes may have winds and rainfall about 5 % more intense than today .
It has been proposed that even this tiny change may be an exaggeration as to what may happen by the end of the 21st Century ( Michaels , Knappenberger , and Landsea , Journal of Climate , 2005 , submitted ) .
It is beyond me why my colleagues would utilize the media to push an unsupported agenda that recent hurricane activity has been due to global warming .
Given Dr. Trenberth ’s role as the IPCC ’s Lead Author responsible for preparing the text on hurricanes , his public statements so far outside of current scientific understanding led me to concern that it would be very difficult for the IPCC process to proceed objectively with regards to the assessment on hurricane activity .
My view is that when people identify themselves as being associated with the IPCC and then make pronouncements far outside current scientific understandings that this will harm the credibility of climate change science and will in the longer term diminish our role in public policy .
My concerns go beyond the actions of Dr. Trenberth and his colleagues to how he and other IPCC officials responded to my concerns .
I did caution Dr. Trenberth before the media event and provided him a summary of the current understanding within the hurricane research community .
I was disappointed when the IPCC leadership dismissed my concerns when I brought up the misrepresentation of climate science while invoking the authority of the IPCC .
Specifically , the IPCC leadership said that Dr. Trenberth was speaking as an individual even though he was introduced in the press conference as an IPCC lead author ; I was told that that the media was exaggerating or misrepresenting his words , even though the audio from the press conference and interview tells a different story ( available on the web directly ) ; and that Dr. Trenberth was accurately reflecting conclusions from the TAR , even though it is quite clear that the TAR stated that there was no connection between global warming and hurricane activity .
The IPCC leadership saw nothing to be concerned with in Dr. Trenberth ’s unfounded pronouncements to the media , despite his supposedly impartial important role that he must undertake as a Lead Author on the upcoming AR4 .
It is certainly true that “ individual scientists can do what they wish in their own rights ” , as one of the folks in the IPCC leadership suggested .
Differing conclusions and robust debates are certainly crucial to progress in climate science .
However , this case is not an honest scientific discussion conducted at a meeting of climate researchers .
Instead , a scientist with an important role in the IPCC represented himself as a Lead Author for the IPCC has used that position to promulgate to the media and general public his own opinion that the busy 2004 hurricane season was caused by global warming , which is in direct opposition to research written in the field and is counter to conclusions in the TAR .
This becomes problematic when I am then asked to provide the draft about observed hurricane activity variations for the AR4 with , ironically , Dr. Trenberth as the Lead Author for this chapter .
Because of Dr. Trenberth ’s pronouncements , the IPCC process on our assessment of these crucial extreme events in our climate system has been subverted and compromised , its neutrality lost .
While no one can “ tell ” scientists what to say or not say ( nor am I suggesting that ) , the IPCC did select Dr. Trenberth as a Lead Author and entrusted to him to carry out this duty in a non-biased , neutral point of view .
When scientists hold press conferences and speak with the media , much care is needed not to reflect poorly upon the IPCC .
It is of more than passing interest to note that Dr. Trenberth , while eager to share his views on global warming and hurricanes with the media , declined to do so at the Climate Variability and Change Conference in January where he made several presentations .
Perhaps he was concerned that such speculation – though worthy in his mind of public pronouncements – would not stand up to the scrutiny of fellow climate scientists .
I personally cannot in good faith continue to contribute to a process that I view as both being motivated by pre-conceived agendas and being scientifically unsound .
As the IPCC leadership has seen no wrong in Dr. Trenberth ’s actions and have retained him as a Lead Author for the AR4 , I have decided to no longer participate in the IPCC AR4 .
Sincerely , Chris Landsea
Attached are the correspondence between myself and key members of the IPCC FAR , Download file .
( PDF )
=============================================
In that link that Dr. Landsea provided , we find his record of correspondence , which is a matter of public record since it was conducted with U.S. Government agencies .
There ’s no FOIA needed to get these emails since he made them public 5 years ago almost to this day .
One of the emails had a response from Pachauri to Landsea , discussing IPCC related issues that led up to Landsea ’s resignation .
Here ’s a screencap of the letter from the PDF above .
Note that I joined two pages to make a complete document and smudged out the phone number , but left it otherwise intact , including the email address used by Dr. Pachauri .
What I find most interesting , is that Dr. Pachauri does n’t use an IPCC or UN email address , but instead is using his account at TERI to conduct official IPCC business .
With the concerns being raised over conflicts of interest , it would seem that at least in this case , there is no distinction from Dr. Pachauri on where his private enterprises end and his public office begins .
They are hopelessly merged together in this document .
Contrast that to all of the other email addresses listed in another document from Landsea that was cc’d to a number of familiar faces in the current Climategate debate .
At least they all use government or university addresses .
[ NOTE : Since this document posted by Landsea has been publicly on the web now for 5 years , and because I need to show the email addresses , I ’ve decided not to smudge them out .
Being an image , spambots wo n’t pick them up . ]
Dr. Pachauri ’s email address as head of the IPCC is vastly different from all of the other players that have lesser titles in a government or university organization .
They all seem to use their government or university email addresses for such official business , as would be normal and expected .
It seems really odd to me then , that the chairman of the IPCC , a body of the United Nations , would be using an email address from another organization he is the director - general of ( TERI ) to conduct official IPCC business .
By itself it is a small thing , but in the context of recent claims made by Pielke Jr , Booker , and North of conflicts of interest , it does seem to fit the pattern they claim ; that Dr. Pachauri has n’t been separating himself from what is public governmental business and what is private business .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Canadian MP Charlie Angus — a successful musician , the former front - man for punk legends L'Etranger — has stood up in Parliament to demand that Prime Minister Harper and Minister of Foreign Affairs and International Trade Peter Van Loan explain exactly what the hell they think they 're doing negotiating a secret copyright treaty without Parliamentary oversight or input from Canadians .
Remember , this is the government that is meant to be working to design a copyright law based on an unprecedented public commission on copyright , where thousands and thousands of Canadians told government what they wanted from their national copyright law .
The secret copyright treaty — ACTA , the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement — contains provisions for border searches of laptops and personal media players , asks ISPs to spy on their users , and requires signatory nations ' ISPs to disconnect the households of Internet users who are accused of copyright infringement .
It is presently being negotiated in Guadalajara , Mexico , in smoke - filled back rooms that are off - limits to the press , the public , public interest groups , independent copyright and trade experts , independent copyright creators — just trade negotiators and representatives from big business are allowed to know what 's going on .
1 ) First and foremost , why the secrecy ?
When the original WIPO treaties were being negotiated , the draft of texts were posted online and made available by Industry Canada .
The federal government invited submissions on the process being undertaken .
ACTA , on the other hand , is being negotiated entirely behind closed doors .
Your government has gone along with this process by freezing out input from Parliament , public interest groups and key internet industries that could be adversely affected .
This secrecy undermines the credibility of the Ministers of Industry and Heritage who have both made efforts to engage the public prior to the development of any new copyright framework for Canada .
Canadians deserve transparency on this issue .
Therefore I am asking if you will produce for the House of Commons the latest draft held by your Department of the ( a ) civil enforcement , ( b ) border measures , ( c ) criminal enforcement and ( d ) intellectual property rights enforcement section of the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ?
2 ) Will you produce the mandate letter given to Canada 's negotiation team at ACTA ?
This will help provide the Canadian public with a sense of how far you 've directed our representatives to go on key issues that affect our domestic laws and sovereignty .
3 ) What instructions have you given your negotiators regarding the issue of searching and seizing I -pods and laptops at international border crossings for potential non-commercial infringement of copyright ?
The ACLU reports that U.S. customs officials searched hundreds of devices last year .
Is Canada prepared to authorize similar activities at our borders in an effort to ferret out alleged infringements by private citizens ?
4 ) Is your government willing to impose a " Three Strikes and You 're Out " approach to claims of copyright infringement ?
ANSWERS NEEDED ON SECRET ACTA TALKS
Letter to Minister Van Loan
At any given moment , I have a lot of different things going on .
I 'm often working with a number of different colleagues and students on research projects and papers .
I try to write entries for this blog regularly .
I edit a journal , and I have to read papers and write letters of acceptance or rejection .
When I 'm working with other people , it is often important for me to make predictions about when I will be finished with a part of the task that I have taken on .
These estimates allow my colleagues to make plans about when to expect my work and when they should plan to do their share of the project .
Like most people , though , my predictions are often too .
That is , I 'm sure that I 'll get things finished before I actually do .
An important question about these predictions , though is whether they affect how quickly you actually get things done .
That is , your prediction about when you will complete something may be rosy , but perhaps that rosy prediction actually helps you get things done faster .
This question was addressed in an interesting paper by Roger Buehler , Johanna Peetz , and Dale Griffin in the January , 2010 issue of Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes .
They found that whether a prediction affects when you will complete a task depends on whether that task is " closed " or " open . "
A closed task is one that is generally completed in a single setting .
An open task is one that requires a number of steps that generally can't be done at once .
Often open tasks are more complex than closed ones , but they do n't have to be .
For example , framing a photo you took on your digital camera is fairly easy .
First you print the picture , then you buy a frame that fits it , then you put the picture in the frame .
All told , it may take an hour of your time to complete the task .
Chances are , though , you will print the picture at one time , buy the picture frame at another time , and put it in the frame at yet a third time .
The results of their studies demonstrated that people 's predictions about deadlines affected when they started on the first of the tasks they had to perform .
People would begin the task earlier when they made an earlier prediction of when they would finish than when they made a later prediction .
So , for closed tasks that required just one sitting to complete , they would also finish them faster .
For open tasks , they would start the task faster if they made an earlier prediction than if they made a later prediction , but because the task involved multiple steps , they would not actually complete the task faster .
Let me step through one of the studies , because the methods they used were interesting .
In one study , they asked people to write three short stories from their home and then send it to the experimenters .
In the closed version of the task , the stories could be typed on a word processor and then emailed .
In the open version of the task , the stories had to be typed , printed out , and then mailed .
The open version of the task required putting the stories in an envelope , buying a stamp and mailing them , so it would probably involve at least two different steps .
To manipulate people 's predictions , they were given a time line starting with today and ending with the due date for the stories two weeks in the future .
To get people to make early predictions , they were asked to start at today and look forward on the time line and mark on the line when they would complete the assignment .
To get people to make late predictions , they were asked to start at the deadline and work backward and mark when they would complete the assignment .
This technique got the " early " people to make a significantly earlier prediction than the " late " people .
Consistent with the authors ' predictions , when people just had to email the stories , those who made early predictions sent in the stories earlier than those who made late predictions .
When people had to send the stories by mail , though , the effect went away .
The stories were sent in at about the same time regardless of the prediction .
These studies suggest that there may be some value in making rosy predictions .
Being optimistic about when you will finish a task does help you to start it earlier .
But if a task is open - ended , you still need to be vigilant about completing all of the steps of that task .
On Thursday , President Barack Obama proposed new rules to curb a number of Wall Street 's risky — and highly profitable — trading activities .
One target :
The secretive trading operations within banks that use large doses of leverage , or borrowed money , to make huge bets on the market .
Wall Street says the regulations are unnecessary , and since the financial crisis struck , most banks have cut back on these trading outfits .
But when the downturn first hit in the summer of 2007 , several of them were among the first to suffer , and collectively they lost billions over a matter of days .
In ...
The estimate of the works is based on many facts , including its provenance and sale history Created : May 2008 .
Last updated : December 2017
In addition , we have created a fourth category , Museum choices , featuring those privately owned paintings that would probably not achieve prices over $ 100 million , but whose historical and artistic importance make them worthy of any major museum .
We all know that market value and artistic value are not always correlated these days ...
by ©theartwolf.com
Not all
Art masterworks are exhibited in the great museums of the world .
Some of them belong to private
Art collectors , an expensive and exclusive " hobby " that have experimented a notable increase over the last years .
This list highlights the most valuable paintings still in private hands , divided in three categories :
Raphael Cartoons ( such as this " St Paul Preaching in Athens " ) are owned by the Queen of England , and can be valued at over $ 500 million each .
However , there is virtually zero chances of watching them on the art market .
Therefore , works from this collection ( and other similar cases ) will not appear in the following lists .
The most illustrative example is the Royal Collection , owned by the Queen of England .
While there is still some debate about it , it is believed that most of the works of the collection ( including masterpieces by Raphael , Caravaggio , Bruegel , and Rembrandt ) are owned by the monarch personally .
The Duke of Edinburgh once declared that the Queen was " perfectly at liberty to sell them " .
However , the scenario of the Queen selling one this masterpieces ( specially on the open market ) seems totally implausible .
The intention of the following lists is focusing on those paintings that could reallistically hit the market in the foreseen future .
Therefore , some considerations and exceptions must be done when dealing with privately owned paintings , in the sense that not all " private collections " could realistically hit the art market .
While " privately owned " is often understood as the opposite to " museum owned " , it must be noted that many American Museums ( and - to a lesser extent - some European Institutions ) are actually private institutions that could sell any of their artworks if the board of directors / trustees vote for that .
In fact , deaccessioning ( a.k.a. sale ) of artworks by these museums happen every year .
So , will the Met or the MoMA be selling some of its coveted masterpieces soon ?
While theoretically possible , that will not be happening in the foreseen future given the strict conditions for deaccessioning of works ( read what the MoMA and the Met say about this ) .
Therefore , works owned by museums are not included in the following lists .
Van Gogh 's " Starry Night " ( pictured left ) or Picasso's " Les Demoiselles d'Avignon " ( pictured right ) could easily fetch a price between $ 500 million and $ 1 billion each if the Museum of Modern Art decided to sell them .
1. " Important Rembrandt for sale at TEFAF " - theartwolf , February 4th 2011 - read link at theartwolf 2 . Artnet Magazine , March 7th , 2006 3 . ArtNews , " The Most Wanted Works of Art " , January 11th , 2003
Some " good " Rembrandts have appeared on the market recently , including " Portrait of a Man with Arms Akimbo " ( offered at TEFAF for $ 47 million 1 ) or the " Minerva " ( sold for $ 45 million ) 2 .
However , none of them are comparable to this masterpiece , valued ( long time ago ) by art dealer Otto Naumann " in excess of $ 150 million " 3 .
Not only the most important work by Rembrandt still in private hands , but also one of the best portraits from the Dutch Golden Era .
In the 1650s Rembrandt created some of his most accomplished masterpieces , such as " Aristotle with a Bust of Homer " ( 1653 , Metropolitan Museum ) or " A Woman Bathing in a Stream " ( 1654 , National Gallery ) .
Rembrandt van Rijn " Portrait of Jan Six " , 1654 oil on canvas , 112 x 102 cm. Six Foundation , Amsterdam
At least 2 paintings by Picasso ( see below ) have been sold for over $ 150 million .
Valued by some sources at $ 250 million 1 .
Hidden for decades in the private collection of Basil Goulandris , this is an extremely important Picasso , directly related to his masterpiece " Les Demoiselles d'Avignon " , considered the most important painting of the 20th century .
1. For the Buccleuch Madonna , see " The Theft , Recovery and Forensic Investigation of Leonardo da Vinci ’s Madonna of the Yarnwinder " - Martin Kemp , published 2014 .
2 . For the Lansdowne Madonna , try to find a good study by Marco Versiero in occasion of the exhibition of the " Madonna dei fusi " in Arezzo , Italy , from July to November of 2000 .
There are similarities , but also a lot of differences , between the considerations regarding these two paintings and the ones around the now - famous " Salvator Mundi " .
While the attribution to Leonardo is subject to serious debate , these are two well - known paintings ( specially the Buccleuch version ) .
Basing on the complex underdrawing of the paintings , most critics agree that Leonardo had some kind of involvement in the creation of both versions 1 2 .
The extent of this involvement , however , is still not clear .
If future technical studies confirm a serious attribution to the master , any of this versions could become the first " half - billion dollars painting " .
One of the most interesting debates about the authenticity of a work by Leonardo is the one involving the two versions of the original - allegedly lost - of the " Madonna dei fusi " , also known as the " Madonna of the reel " or the " Madonna of the yarnwinder " .
One of them belongs to the Drumlanrig Castle collection in Scotland ( stolen in 2003 and recovered in 2007 ) and another one previously in the Reford collection of Montreal , until it was reportedly sold to an American private collector .
" Madonna of the Yarnwinder " ( Lansdowne Madonna ) , c-1499-1507 oil on wood , 50.2 x 34.6 cm. Private collection , New York
" Madonna of the Yarnwinder " ( Buccleuch Madonna ) , c-1499-1507 oil on wood , 48.3 x 36.9 cm. Buccleuch collection ( on loan to the National Galleries of Scotland )
1. Leonardo sells for $ 450 million - read link at theartwolf 2 . " Potential buyers were being asked about $ 200 million for Salvator Mundi " - Bloomberg , July 9th , 2011 3 .
" Recently Attributed Leonardo Painting Was Sold Privately for Over $ 75 Million " - NY Times , March 3th , 2014 4 . " Salvator Mundi and the mystery of the orb : is the world 's most expensive painting a real Leonardo ? " - The Telegraph , November 16th 2017 5 . " Artistic license ?
Experts doubt Leonardo da Vinci painted $ 450 m Salvator Mundi " - The Guardian , November 20th 2017
Time ( and more technical studies ) will tell if this artwork is really an undisputed painting by the most famous artist ever , or if , on the contrary , it becomes the " Theranos " of the art world by turning out to be the creation of a follower .
How much are collectors willing to pay for a painting whose attribution is still questionable ?
The answer , apparently , is $ 450M ( Christie's , November 2017 ) 1 .
The price was a huge shock for the art world , and not only because the work had been on the market not long before , and carrying a much more " reasonable " price tag ( its owners , according to several sources , asked for $ 200 million 2 and - not finding a buyer - sold it for " over $ 75 million " to Yves Bouvier in 2012 , who sold it to Dmitry Rybolovlev for $ 127.5 million 3 ) but also because many respectable experts 4 5 are still very unconvinced , to say the least , about its attribution .
In November 2017 , " Salvator Mundi " sold for $ 450,3 million ( including buyer ’s premium ) at Christie 's New York , becoming the most expensive painting ever sold at auction .
This stunning price reflects the extreme rarity of paintings by Leonardo da Vinci — there are fewer than 20 in existence acknowledged as being from the artist ’s own hand , and all the undisputed ones are in museum collections .
Leonardo da Vinci is known to have painted a " Salvator Mundi " for King Louis XII of France .
Considered lost by art experts for decades , one of its alleged " copies " was acquired by a group of art dealers in 2005 , and reattributed ( NOT unanimously ) to Leonardo .
In late 2011 , this work was included in the exhibition " Leonardo da Vinci : Painter at the Court of Milan " at the National Gallery of London .
1. " Dr. Gachet Sighting : It WAS Flöttl ! " - published by CultureGrrl at ArtsJournal , January 26th 2007
Sold for $ 82.5 million in 1990 ( then an auction record , equivalent to almost $ 150 million now )
Re-sold in the late 90s for an unknown price ( some sources said $ 90 million in 1997 ) to an anonymous private collector .
Possibly re-sold for $ 100 million 1 some years later .
The story about this famous and brilliant work resumes by itself the " Japanese buyer boom " of the late 80s and early 90s .
The whereabouts of the painting are now unknown .
Some sources places it in Europe , waiting for its return to the Art market
1. Several sources , including Forbes , The New York Post and Daily Mail
Unlike Picasso or Van Gogh , Cézanne is an artist whose great works appear very rarely on the art market .
" Card players " is widely considered the best Cézanne in private hands .
Reportedly sold to Qatar for $ 250 million in 2011 1 .
This is the last version of this famous composition by Paul Cézanne .
The fabulous psychological intensity in the faces of the players make this painting a masterpiece of post - impressionist art
1 . For example , see " Stolen '$ 100 million ' Caravaggio recovered by police " , published at The Telegraph , 28 June 2010 .
(*) Open market valuation .
However , due to Italian export restrictions it is possible that the painting can not be sold to a foreign buyer .
Works by Caravaggio rarely appear on the market .
This is his only " monumental " work in private hands , and prices as high as $ 100 million 1 have been suggested for less important works by the artist .
This work is one of two paintings by Caravaggio of the same subject , commissioned by Cardinal Cerasi .
The large painting was created in 1600 , the same year in which Caravaggio completed one of his undisputed masterpieces , " The Calling of Saint Matthew " .
Impressive in size and quality , this work ranks among the most important paintings by Caravaggio .
Sold privately - along with another Rothko and a Diebenkorn - in 2014 .
According to some sources , the price paid for the group was around $ 250-300 million 1
A monumental work by Rothko , formerly in the collection of Rachel Mellon
Sold for $ 78.1 million in 1990 1 .
Resold for a lower price in a private sale , c.1998 2
Although it is only the smaller version of the famous painting exhibited at the Orsay , a lot of collectors would kill to be the owner of " the most beautiful painting of the XIX " , in the words of some art critics
1. " Pollock 's Number 5 , 1948 , sold for $ 140 million " - read link at theartwolf 2 .
For example , read article by Carol Vogel at The New York Times , published November 18th 2006
Sold for $ 140 million at a private sale , 2006 1 , which is the second highest price ever paid for a contemporary painting .
The buyer was rumoured to be Mexican businessman David Martínez , though he later denied it 2
A stunning and important drip by Pollock , done on a sheet of fiberboard with brown and yellow paint over it
Sold for $ 51.67 million in Paris , 1989 1 .
Sold to Dmitri Rybolóvlev in 2004 - 2005 for an undisclosed amount .
Picasso's masterpieces have considerably increased their values : " Garçon a la pipe " was sold for $ 104 million in 2004 ( world auction record ) , and " The dream " was about sold for a spectacular $ 155 million in 2013
The " Sleeping Beauty " of the art market , stored like a fine wine in a bank 's vault since the early 90s .
Arguably the best most fascinating in private hands , this painting is masterful in all senses , and concentrates all the magic , mystery and melancholy of Picasso's Blue and Pink periods
1. " Picasso's The Dream damaged by its owner " - read link at theartwolf 2 . " Steven Cohen buys Picasso's ' Le Rêve ' for $ 155 million " - read link at theartwolf
Sold for $ 48.4 million in New York , 1997 .
Almost sold privately for $ 139 million in 2006 , but it was damaged by its previous owner ( Steve Wynn ) before the sale 1 .
Sold in 2013 for $ 155 million 2 .
This sensual work is the best " mature " portrait by Picasso still in private hands , depicting his lover Marie - Therese Walter sitting on a red armchair with her eyes closed
Sold for $ 31,902,500 in 1997 .
Sold for $ 179.4 million - auction record for an artwork - in May 2015 1 .
One of the most important late works by Picasso , inspired in the masterpieces by Eugene Delacroix .
1. " Edvard Munch ’s ' The Scream ' sold for $ 120 million at Sotheby 's " - read link at theartwolf
Sold for $ 119,9 million in 2012 , then a world record for any painting at auction 1 .
This work is a true icon , an extremely desirable painting .
However , it is not the " prime " version ( which can be easily valued at over $ 300 million )
" The Scream " is one of the most famous paintings in the world .
Munch created four versions of this work ( one tempera , two pastels and a litograph ) and this version is the only one in private hands .
Sold for $ 170.4 million at Christie 's New York , November 2015 1 .
A record for the artist .
One of the most important and famous works by Modigliani , featured as the cover of many publications of the artist
Sold for $ 20.6 million in 1989 1 ( then an auction record for a contemporary painting ) .
Sold for a then - record $ 300 million in 2015 , a price considered by many art critics to be excessive .
This 200.7 x 175.3 cm. canvas is arguably the greatest " classic " work by de Kooning in private hands , even better than the " Police Gazette " purchased by Mr. Cohen for $ 63 million in 2006
Sold for $ 137.5 million at a private sale , 2006 1 .
By far the most important work by the artist in private hands .
This painting is the only " Woman " by Willem de Kooning still in private hands .
One of this " women " has been chosen by theartwolf.com as one of the 50 masterworks of the history of painting
1. " A Russian billionaire loses big in art market " .
Vancouver Sun , March 2017 .
2 . " A $ 100 Million Mystery : A Russian , His Art , and His Big Losses " .
Bloomberg , February 23rd , 2017
Sold for $ 187 million to Dmitri Rybolovlev in 2013 1 .
Then reportedly sold to an Asian buyer in 2015 for $ 170 million 2 .
This classical work by Klimt was seized by the Nazis during World War II .
Sold for $ 88 million in New York , 2006 1 .
The " Adele Bloch - Bauer I " ( now at the Neue Galerie in New York ) sold for $ 135 million earlier that year .
Sold to a Chinese buyer for $ 150 million in 2016 1 .
Second version of the more famous " Portrait of Adele Bloch - Bauer I " .
This appealing canvas was the star lot in a highly succesful auction in which four works by Klimt - including this - totalled a stunning $ 192 million
Sold for $ 40 - 50 million in 1998 in a private sale 1 .
No other Kandinsky of such importance has been sold in recent times
One of the most important paintings still in private hands .
With its impressive scale and its rich composition , the canvas is a quintessence of early abstraction .
Quietly purchased by the Niarchos family for a rumoured price of $ 80/90 million in early 90s 1 .
A less important self - portrait by Van Gogh was sold for $ 71.5 million in 1998 2
Van Gogh 's self portraits rank among the most famous images in the history of Western painting .
This highly important work was previously in the collection of Leigh B. Block in Chicago
1. Sotheby 's New York , May 10th 1989 2 . " Gauguin 's ' L' hômme à la hâche ' realizes a world auction record " - read link at theartwolf 3 . " Gauguin masterpiece reportedly sold for $ 300 million " - read link at theartwolf
Sold for $ 24.2 million in 1989 1 , then an auction record for the artist .
Auction record for Gauguin is " just " $ 40.3 million for " L'homme à la hache " , in 2006 2 ) but his " Nafea faa ipoipo ? " sold for a stunning $ 210 million to the Qatar Museums in 2015 3 .
One of the handful of masterpieces by the artist still in private hands , this fascinating painting was painted one year after Gauguin 's arrival in Tahiti .
Gauguin , Paul " Mata Mua ( In Olden Times ) " , 1892 oil on canvas , 91 x 69 cm. Collection Carmen Thyssen-Bornemisza - on deposit at Museo Thyssen- Bornemisza
1. Gauguin 's masterpiece reportedly sold for $ 300 million - read link at theartwolf 2 . Lawsuit Reveals Gauguin Painting Was Not World ’s Most Expensive .
New York Times , July 3 , 2017
Sold to Qatar for a reported $ 300 million in 2015 .
1 .
A record for any artwork at the time , and not very fair , according to many experts .
In 2017 , it was revealed that the price was really $ 210 million 2 .
The painting - one of Gauguin 's most famous compositions - belonged to the Rudolf Staechelin Family Trust , and had been on loan to the Kunstmuseum Basel for decades .
Gauguin , Paul " When Will You Marry ? " , 1892 oil on canvas , 101 x 77 cm. Private collection , Qatar
1. " Secret $ 100 Million Cézanne Sale in Detroit " , Artnet Magazine , published December 19 , 2014 2 .
For example see the one sold for $ 100 million in 2014
There are at least other two works from these series in private hands , which can be estimated on the $ 80 - 100 million 2 .
A less masterful example of this series was sold for $ 100 million in 2014 1 .
These two canvases , however , are supreme masterpieces , among the best examples in the whole series .
This series , along with " The Card Players " , is widely recognized as Cézanne 's greatest achievement .
Like Hokusai in his " Thirty - six Views of Mount Fuji " , Cézanne used different points of view in his “ Montagne Sainte - Victoire ” paintings , allowing the representation of the environs of the mountain .
These two works rank among the best depictions of the Mount Sainte - Victoire painted by Cézanne , similar to the one selected by theartwolf.com as one of the 50 masterworks of painting .
Cézanne , Paul " Le Mont Sainte - Victoire vu des Lauves " , 1902 - 1906 oil on canvas , Henry and Rose Pearlman , New York ( first ) Private collection ( second )
Image Author / work / owner theartwolf.com estimation References
Bacon , Francis
" Three Studies of Lucian Freud " , 1969
oil on canvas , 198 x 442.5 cm .
image : © Artists Rights Society ( ARS ) , NY
Elaine Wynn collection
This great triptych by Bacon is right now the most expensive painting ever auctioned $ 120 - 160 million Sold for $ 142,4 million in November 20131 , an auction record for any work of art .
1 . Record - breaking Bacon , Christie 's record - breaking sale - read link at theartwolf
Bacon , Francis
" Triptych , May - June 1973 " , 1973
oil on canvas , 198- 442.5 cm .
image : © Artists Rights Society ( ARS ) , NY
Esther Grether collection , Switzerland
This monumental triptych ( one of the three " Black Tryptichs " by Bacon ) was created in memory of Bacon 's lover , George Dyer $ 120 - 160 million Compare with " Triptych , 1976 " ( see below ) .
This triptych was sold in 1989 for $ 6.3 million1 , then an auction record for Bacon .
1 . " Francis Bacon claims his place at the top of the market " , The Art Newspaper , August 29th 2008
Bacon , Francis
" Triptych , 1976 " , 1976
oil on canvas , 198- 442.5 cm .
image : © Artists Rights Society ( ARS ) , NY
Private collection ( Roman Abrahamovich ? )
One of the best works by Bacon in private hands , it draws on Ancient Greek mythology to express Bacon 's personal tragedy $ 100 - 150 million Sold for $ 86.3 million in New York , May 20081 .
This stunning work is a true masterpiece 1 . Sotheby 's New York , Contemporary Art Evening Auction , May 14th 2008 , lot 33 .
Basquiat , Jean - Michel
" Boy and Dog in a Johnnypump " , 1982
oil on canvas , 240 x 420.4 cm .
Peter Brant Collection ( on loan to the Stephanie and Peter Brant Foundation )
This stunning work is a neo -expressionist " tour - de- force " , arguably the most powerful work by the artist .
$ 110 - 160 million A not so great " Untitled " by the artist sold for $ 110.5 million at Sotheby 's New York , May 2017.1 .
1 . Basquiat 's Untitled sells for $ 110.5 million at Sotheby 's - read link at theartwolf
Botticelli , Sandro
" The Story of Nastagio degli Onesti ( forth episode ) " , c.1483
tempera on panel , 83 x 142 cm .
Private collection , Florence
The last panel of this important series by Botticelli .
The three other panels are exhibited in the Prado Museum , Madrid .
$ 80 - 140 million (*)
No other Botticelli of such quality has appeared on the market in recent times . (*)
Open market valuation .
However , due to Italian export restrictions it is possible that the painting can not be sold to a foreign buyer .
Bruegel the Elder , Pieter
" The Hay Harvest ( Haymaking ) " , 1565
oil on panel , 117 x 161 cm .
Lobkowicz Family Collection , Prague
The only major Bruegel in private hands , part of a series of paintings that include " The Hunters in the Snow " in the Kunsthistorisches Museum and " The Harvesters " in the Metropolitan .
A masterpiece of Western painting .
$ 100 - 150 million (*)
No other great Bruegel has appeared on the open market in recent times ( the " Wine of Saint Martin 's Day " was acquired privately by the Prado Museum , but the painting was not allowed to leave Spain ) . (*)
Open market valuation .
However , due to Czech export restrictions it is possible that the painting can not be sold to a foreign buyer .
Caravaggio
" The Lute player " , c.1596
oil on canvas , 100 x 126.5 cm .
Wildenstein collection " The Lute player " is one of the most famous compositions by Caravaggio .
Two versions of the painting exist , the one displayed here and a second version at the Hermitage Museum , Saint Petersburg .
A third version ( oil on canvas , 96 x 121 cm. ) is housed in a private collection ( previously at Badminton House , Gloucestershire ) and is attributed to the artist by some critics , but others consider it to be a copy .
$ 120 - 160 million
When the Badminton House version was displayed at the Salander Gallery in 2007 , dealer Lawrence Salander ( later filed for bankruptcy ) said that the painting was " the most important painting ever sold " 1 ( false ) , and that $ 100 million would be " cheap " 1 ( debatable ) .
Other sources point to a price of £ 50 million2 .
There is no doubts about the attribution of the Wildenstein version , making it an extremely valuable painting .
1 . New York Sun , published October 16th , 2007
2 . " Arts sales : The star show that never was " - The Telegraph , published November 27th , 2007
Caravaggio
" Portrait of Maffeo Barberini " , c.1598
oil on canvas , 124 x 90 cm .
Private collection , Florence
One of the few portraits by Caravaggio , depicting a member of the powerful Florentine Barberini family .
Caravaggio was only 27 years old when he painted this work , but he already shows a dramatic mastery of chiaroscuro .
$ 80 - 140 million (*) A disputed " Saint Augustine " by the artist was valued at £ 60 million in 20111 .
This is a undisputed work , one of the only two surviving portraits by Caravaggio . (*)
Open market valuation .
However , due to Italian export restrictions the painting can not be sold to a foreign buyer .
1 . " Unknown Caravaggio painting unearthed in Britain " - Published : The Guardian , June 19th 2011
Cézanne , Paul
" Rideau , Cruchon et Compotier " , 1893 -1894
oil on canvas , 60 x 73 cm
Private collection Paul Cézanne is the one of the best still life painters of all time , and this beautiful work ranks among the best still lifes created by the artist .
$ 90 - 140 million Sold for $ 60,502,500 in 19991 .
Still lifes by Cézanne are very sought - after .
A smaller and less important " Les pommes " was sold for $ 41,6 million in 20132 .
1 . Sotheby 's New York , May 10th 1999
2. " Cézanne leads the Impressionist and Modern Art auctions , May 2013 " - read link at theartwolf
Cézanne , Paul
" Nature morte , rideau à fleurs et fruits " , 1904 - 1906
oil on canvas , 73 x 92 cm
Private collection , New York A late still life by the greatest master of the genre .
Less painterly than " Rideau , Cruchon et Compotier " , the composition is however more complex and interesting .
$ 90 - 140 million Comparable to the " Rideau , Cruchon et Compotier " ( see above )
Gauguin , Paul
" Annah the Javanese ( The Child - woman Judith Is Not Yet Breached ) " , 1894
oil on canvas , 116 cm × 81 cm .
Private collection " Annah the Javanese " is not only one of the most important paintings created by Gauguin after his return from Tahití in 1894 , but also one of the most polemic as well , depicting Gauguin 's 13 year old lover and model .
$ 100 - 150 million See considerations of the previous works by Gauguin .
" Annah the Javanese " is a painting of tremendous historical importance ( comparable to - or even superior to - " When Will You Marry ? " sold for $ 210 million , see above ) , but its controversial subject could affect to its hypothetical selling price .
Gauguin , Paul
" Riders on the beach " , 1902
oil on canvas , 73 x 92 cm .
Niarchos collection
The whole picture is filled with the melancholic taste of a farewell , predicting the artist 's own death a few months later .
This fancy coloured work is Gauguin 's pictorial testament and an eloquent ode to the Polynesia $ 80 - 140 million See " Mata Mua " .
In addition to " L'homme à la hache " , other two Tahitian scenes sold for $ 39.2 million in 2004 and 20071 .
Widely exhibited and published , this is a much more important painting .
1 . " Paul Gauguin ’s Te Poipoi ( The Morning ) sells for $ 39,241,000 " - read link at theartwolf
Gogh , Vincent van
" Wheat Field with Cypresses " , 1889
oil on canvas , 51.5 x 65 cm
Private collection ( Niarchos ? )
" Wheat field with cypresses " series are among the most famous works by Van Gogh , who considered them among his finest works .
The series consists of three paintings , being this work the only one in private hands $ 100 - 150 million
The largest painting in the series was sold privately in 1993 for $ 57 million1 ( almost $ 100 million now ) and later donated to the Metropolitan Museum .
This work is smaller and a bit sketchier , but still a highly coveted painting .
1 . " Annenberg Donates A van Gogh to the Met " - New York Times , published May 25th 1993
Gogh , Vincent van
" Portrait de l'artiste sans barbe " , 1889
oil on canvas , 40 x 31 cm .
Private collection
This is the last self - portrait Van Gogh ever painted , and , along with the " Self - portrait with bandaged ear " ( see above ) , the only one still in private hands .
Enough to make it one of the most coveted paintings , though it is really not a masterwork $ 90 - 140 million Sold for $ 71.5 million in New York , 19981 , a remarkable price given the economical situation of that time .
1 . Christie's New York , November 19th 1998
Gogh , Vincent van
" Enclosed field with rising sun " , 1889
oil on canvas , 71 x 90.5 cm .
Private collection A strong masterpiece by the artist , painted in Saint - Rémy in December , 1889 .
This work was included by the artist in his Display at " Les XX 1890 " in Brussels .
$ 80 - 140 million Sold for a then remarkable $ 9.9 million in 19851 ( highest price for any artwork that year ) .
A far less important landscape ( also painted in 1889 ) by the artist ( " Laboureur dans un champ " ) sold for $ 81.3 million in 20172 .
1 . " Art sale sets record for a Van Gogh " - The New York Times , published April 25th , 1985
2. Christie's New York , 13 November 2017 , lot 28 .
Gogh , Vincent van
" The Town Hall at Auvers " , 1890
oil on canvas , 72 x 93 cm
Private collection
This painting , sometimes called " Auvers Town Hall on 14 July 1890 " , is one of the most original late compositions by Van Gogh , painted a few days before his suicide .
$ 80 - 125 million Late works by Van Gogh are very sought - after .
" Le jardin à Auvers " - created in the same month - was sold for $ 10 million in 1992 , but it could not be exported from France , and its value on the open marked was estimated at " up to $ 50 million " 1 .
1 . " Price could have been up to five times higher ... " - Los Angeles Times , published December 9th 1992
Holbein the Younger , Hans
" The Madonna With the Family of Mayor Meyer ( The Darmstadt Madonna ) " , c.1525-8
Oil on panel , 146.5 x 102 cm .
Reinhold Würth collection , Germany
This monumental painted is arguably the most important religious scene ever created by Holbein .
The work was commissioned by the Bürgermeister of Basel Jakob Meyer zum Hasen , who opposed the Reformation $ 80 - 140 million (*)
Sold for more than $ 70 million at a private sale in Germany in 2011 .
Some sources said that its value on the open market could be " in excess of € 100 million " 1. (*)
Open market valuation .
However , due to German export restrictions the painting can not be sold to a foreign buyer .
1 . " I could probably have sold it for more than 100 million euros if it was n’t barred from export " - Bloomberg , July 14th , 2011
Hans Holbein the Younger
" Desiderius Erasmus of Rotterdam " , 1523
oil and tempera on panel , 76 × 51 cm
Propierty of the Earl of Radnor Holbein painted three portraits of Erasmus , of which this version is the largest and the most elaborate .
One of the most famous paintings by an old master still in private hands , this work is a masterpiece of Renaissance portraiture $ 80 - 140 million Compare with the " Darmstadt Madonna " listed above .
Though not as monumental , this is a more iconic work by Holbein , and arguably the most famous portrait of Erasmus .
Johns , Jasper
" Flag " , 1958
oil on canvas
image : © Artists Rights Society ( ARS ) , NY
Collection Steven Cohen " Flags " are Jasper Johns most famous works .
The artist painted his first American flag in 1954 – 55 , a work now at the MoMA .
$ 100 - 140 million Reportedly sold to Steven Cohen in 2010 for $ 110 million1 .
Johns early " Flags " are very coveted : in 1980 , the Whitney Museum bought " Three Flags " ( 1958 ) for the then highest price ever paid for the work of a living artist2 .
1 . For example , read " Planting a Johns ‘ Flag ’ in a Private Collection " by Carol Vogel ( NY Times , November 18th 2006 )
2. " The Gray Areas of Jasper Johns " , article by Carol Vogel at The New York Times , published February 3rd 2008
Johns , Jasper
" Diver " , 1962
oil on canvas , 228.6-431.8 cm
image : © Artists Rights Society ( ARS ) , NY
Collection Norman and Irma Braman
One of the largest and most important works by Johns , measuring over 4 meters in length $ 100 - 140 million Sold for just $ 4.2 million in 19881 ( then an auction record for Johns , now a bargain )
It is a more important work than " False start " , which was sold for $ 80 million in 2006 1 .
" Sale Mark Set for Work of Living Artist " , published by Suzanne Muchnic , Los Angeles Times , May 4th 1988
Kooning , Willem de
" The Time of the Fire " , 1957
oil on canvas , 150.5 x 200.7 cm .
image : © Artists Rights Society ( ARS ) , NY
Agnes Gund collection Another great canvas by De Kooning , similar to the " Interchange " sold for $ 300 million in 2015 ( see above ) $ 120 - 160 million Comparable to " Interchange " , sold for a then - record $ 300 million in 2015 , a price considered by many art critics to be excessive .
Leonardo da Vinci ( attributed to )
" La Bella Principessa " , c-1495-96
Crayons on oak panel
Peter Silverman collection
A small drawing of a lady , similar in style to the " Portrait of Isabella d'Este " .
Its " rediscovery " as a Leonardo was published by Martin Kemp in 2011 .
$ 0 - 250 million
For the reasons for this strange estimation , see all the considerations given to the " Salvator Mundi " ( see above ) .
In this case , the attribution to Leonardo is even more contested1 , with some critics defending that the work is not even a Renaissance painting , but the work of a 20th - century forger .
1 . We recommend read the chapters " Support for Leonardo Attribution " and " Opposition for Leonardo Attribution " at the wikipedia
Lichtenstein , Roy
" Masterpiece " , 1962
oil on canvas , 137.2 x 137.2 cm
Steve Cohen Collection " Masterpiece " is one of Roy Lichtenstein 's most recognizable paintings , painted one year after his " Look Mickey " and one year before " Whaam ! " , often considered his most famous works .
$ 120 - 160 million Sold by Agnes Gund to Steve Cohen for a reported $ 165 million in 20171 1 .
" Agnes Gund Sells a Lichtenstein to Start Criminal Justice Fund " - New York Times , June 11th 2017
Lichtenstein , Roy
" Torpedo ... Los ! " , 1963
oil on canvas , 172.7 x 203.2 cm
Charles Simonyi collection Lichtenstein's " war paintings " rank among his most recognizable creations .
This work was painted in the same year than the " Whaam ! " diptych ( London , Tate Modern ) , arguably his most important work $ 100 - 140 million Sold for $ 5.5 million in 19891 .
Sold privately for $ 14 million in 19982 ( in both ocassions a record for the artist ) .
1 . " Record prices for Bacon , Dubuffet and Lichtenstein " , El País , published November 9th 1989
2. " Steve Wynn , Art Dealer " , Artnet Magazine , July 21st , 1999
no color reproductions available no color reproductions available
Monet , Claude
" Le bassin aux nymphéas , reflets du saule ( reflections of the weeping willow over the water lilies pond ) " , c.1920-26
oil on canvas , 200 x 425 cm .
Private collection Hidden in a private collection for decades , this monumental canvas is the most important Monet in private hands
$ 100 - 150 million Auction record for Monet is $ 80.6 million for a smaller ( 100 - 200 cm. ) " nympheas " canvas ( see below ) .
This is the only " monumental " canvas of the nympheas series still in private hands1 .
1. D. Wildenstein : Claude Monet , Catalogue ( 1985 ) .
Vol. IV , p.320-321
Newman , Barnett
" Anna 's Light " , 1968
270 x 850 cm .
image : © Artists Rights Society ( ARS ) , NY
private collection
The largest work ever created by the artist , a posthumous tribute to his mother $ 90 - 120 million Reportedly sold for $ 105 million in 2014 , according to some sources .
His " Black Fire 1 " sold for $ 84.2 million in early 20141 .
1 . " Barnett Newman commands art auctions , May 2014 " - read link at theartwolf
Picasso , Pablo
" Garçon a la pipe " , 1904
oil on canvas , 100 x 81.3 cm .
image : © Estate of Pablo Picasso/ ARS
Private collection
The sale of this young smoker was a milestone in the Art auctions world , being the first painting that reached the $ 100 million barrier $ 120 - 160 million Sold for $ 104.1 million in New York , 2004 ( then an auction record - pre-sale estimate of around $ 70 million ) 1
1 . Sotheby 's New York , May 5th 2004 , lot 7
Picasso , Pablo
" Nude , Green Leaves and Bust " , 1932
oil on canvas , 162 x 132 cm .
image : © Estate of Pablo Picasso/ ARS
Private collection
This sensual and colorful masterpiece by Picasso was once the most expensive painting ever sold at auction .
The work had been never exhibited in public since 1961 $ 100 - 150 million Sold for $ 106.5 million in New York , May 2010 ( then an auction record for a work of art ) 1
1 . " Picasso's ' Nude , Green Leaves and Bust ' sold for $ 106.5 million " - read link at theartwolf
Picasso , Pablo
" Yo , Picasso " , 1901
oil on canvas , 73.5 x 60.5 cm .
Private collection
One of Picasso's first masterpieces , a vigorous self - portrait created in Paris at the very beginning of the artist 's famous " Blue Period " .
$ 100 - 150 million Sold for $ 47.9 million in 1989 ( then the highest price ever paid for a work by Picasso ) 1 1 . " ' Yo Picasso ' Brings $ 47.9 Million at Sotheby 's " - New York Times , published May 10 , 1989
Raphael
" Bridgewater madonna " , c.1507
oil on canvas , 82 x 57 cm .
Duke of Sutherland collection ( on loan to the National Gallery of Scotland ) Raphael 's finest madonnas , such as this , rank among the most recognizable images of the Italian Renaissance .
The simple but strong composition and the graceful face of the virgin are stunning $ 80 - 140 million A smaller madonna by Raphael , the " Madonna of the pinks " , was acquired by the UK in 2004 for £ 22 million1 ( market price : around £ 35 million ) .
Auction record for Raphael is $ 47.9 million for the drawing " Head of a muse " 2 , in December 2009 1 .
" A lot of pounds for a few pinks " - Published : The Telegraph , October 24th 2005
2 . " Important drawing by Raphael sold for £ 29 million " - read link at theartwolf
Raphael
" The Holy Family with a Palm Tree " , c.1506
oil on canvas , diameter : 101 cm .
Duke of Sutherland collection ( on loan to the National Gallery of Scotland )
Not as famous as the previous work , this beautiful tondo is also part of the fabulous collection of the Duke of Sutherland .
The figures and the landscape show the influence of Leonardo da Vinci $ 80 - 140 million
See previous work .
Rembrandt van Rijn
" Self - portrait " , 1659
oil on canvas , 52.7 x 42.7 cm .
Duke of Sutherland collection ( on loan to the National Gallery of Scotland )
This canvas , painted when the artist was over 50 years old , is arguably one of the best self - portraits ever created , a honest , sincere and ruthless portrait of an artist who had never shown mercy to himself $ 100 - 150 million
No other self - portrait by Rembrandt of such quality has appeared on the market in recent times .
Compare with the " Jan Six ' shown above .
Though smaller , this canvas is also Rembrandt at his very best
Rembrandt van Rijn
" Judas returning the 30 pieces of silver " , 1629
oil on canvas , 79 x 102.3 cm .
Marquess of Normanby collection
An early masterwork by Rembrandt , in which the artist already shows his masterful use of the light / shadow and his personal use of the perspective as a narrative tool $ 80 - 120 million Auction record for a religious scene by Rembrandt is $ 25.8 million ( " Saint James the Greater " , in 20071 ) but this work is much better 1 . Sotheby 's New York , January 25th 2007 , lot 74
Rembrandt van Rijn
" Man in Oriental Costume ( a.k.a . The King Uzziah Stricken with Leprosy ) " , 1639
oil on panel , 102.8 x 78.8 cm .
Duke of Devonshire Collection , Chatsworth A famous work by the Dutch master , and one of the jewels of Chatsworth house 's art collection .
The identification of the man in the painting has been discussed for decades .
$ 80 - 120 million
The Chatsworth provenance would certainly increase the value of this important work .
Another work by the collection ( Raphael 's " Head of a young Apostle " ) was sold for £ 29,7 million in 20121 against a pre-sale estimate of just £ 10 - 15 million 1 .
" Raphael drawing breaks records at Sotheby 's " - read link at theartwolf
Titian
" The Three Ages of man " , ca. 1512-14
oil on canvas , 90 x 150.7 cm .
Duke of Sutherland collection ( on loan to the National Gallery of Scotland )
An early masterpiece by Titian , showing the influence of Giorgione and Bellini .
$ 80 - 140 million A very important work by Titian , not as great as the " Diana and Actaeon " sold for £ 50 million in 20091 but valued ( on the open market ) at around £ 150 million2 .
1 . " Titian ’s ' Diana and Callisto ' acquired for the UK " - read link at theartwolf
2. " Titian campaign saves ' Diana ' for nation " - The Independent , 4 January 2009 .
Rothko , Mark
" White center ( Yellow , Pink and Lavender on Rose ) " , 1950
oil on canvas , 213.4 x 141 cm .
image : © Artists Rights Society ( ARS ) , NY
Al - Thani Family Collection , Qatar Rothko at his best , this work was created in 1950 , a pivotal year in the artist 's career .
$ 80 - 140 million Sold for $ 72.8 million in 20071 , then an auction record for Rothko .
Though not the most expensive , this work is arguably the most important Rothko in private hands
1. Sotheby 's New York , Contemporary Art Evening Sale , May 15th 2007 , lot 31 .
Turner , Joseph Mallord William
" Seascape , Folkestone " , 1845
oil on canvas , 88.3 x 117.5 cm .
New York , private collection Turner at his best .
The greatest work by Turner in private hands is an audacious , almost abstract masterpiece $ 80 - 140 million Sold for £ 7.3 million in 1984 ( then an auction record for any painting ) Getty Museum bought a seascape by Turner for $ 16 million in 19931 , and paid £ 29.7 million ( $ 44 million ) for " Modern Rome - Campo Vaccino " , at Sotheby 's London , July 20102 .
1 . " Getty 's Turner Seascape Is Making Waves " - L.A. Times , published February 24th , 1993
2. " Getty Museum acquires JMW .
Turner ’s " Modern Rome " - read link at theartwolf
Velázquez , Diego
" Prince Baltasar Carlos on horseback " , 1636
oil on canvas , 144 x 91 cm .
Duke of Westminster collection Diego Velázquez´s " Prince Baltasar Carlos on horseback " has all the magnificence you can expect in a great baroque painting .
It is a very good Velázquez , arguably his only masterpiece still in private hands , and it could be the centerpiece of any major museum able to persuade the Duke of Westminster to sell it $ 100 - 160 million
The only " great " Velázquez sold in " recent " times is " Juan de Pareja " , bought by the Metropolitan in 1971 for $ 5.5 million1 , then the most valuable painting sold at auction .
However , some doubts concerning to the attribution of the work2 may affect its estimation .
1 . Several sources .
For example , see " Sunday Dialogue : What Is That Art Worth ? " at the New York Times , published January 5 , 2013
2 . For example , read " Complete Studies on Velázquez " by Enriquetta Harris , pages 127- 128
Warhol , Andy
" Mao " , 1972
oil on canvas , 448 x 346.7 cm .
image : © Artists Rights Society ( ARS ) , NY .
Courtesy Christie 's Images Ltd
Private collection
This giant canvas is one of the largest portraits of the communist leader painted by the Pop - Art icon , Andy Warhol $ 100 - 150 million
The painting is ( or was ) reportedly for sale , asking price ( as of 2008 ) : $ 120 million1 .
Highest price ever paid for a Warhol are $ 105 million for " Silver Car Crash " and $ 100 million for " Eight Elvises " ( see below ) .
1 . " Warhol ` Mao ' May Sell for Record $ 120 Million , Christie 's Says " , published by Bloomberg , May 6th 2008
Warhol , Andy
" Eight Elvises " , 1963
oil on canvas , 200 x 370 cm
image : © Artists Rights Society ( ARS ) , NY
Private collection
An icon of the Pop Art , Warhol used to create several versions of his works .
Nevertheless , " Eight Elvises " is an unique composition $ 100 - 140 million Sold privately for $ 100 million in 20081 ( previously at the Annibale Berlingieri collection ) 1 . For example , read " The $ 100 m Warhol " , published by Andrew Johnson at The Independent , November 29th 2009
Warhol , Andy
" Silver Car Crash [ Double Disaster ] " , 1962
266,7 x 417 cm .
image : © Artists Rights Society ( ARS ) , NY
private collection
One of the largest works from Warhol 's seminal " Death and Disaster " series .
$ 90 - 120 million Sold for $ 105,4 million in November 20131 .
" Green Car Crash ( Green Burning Car I ) " was sold for $ 71.7 million in 20072 , an auction record for Warhol .
1 . " Warhol 's ' Silver Car Crash ' sells for $ 105 M at Sotheby 's " - read link at theartwolf
2. " Andy Warhol ’s epic " Green Car Crash " sells for $ 71.7 million . " - read link at theartwolf
Warhol , Andy
" 200 soup cans ( Campbell 's Soup ) " , 1962
oil on canvas , 182.9 x 254.6 cm
image : © Artists Rights Society ( ARS ) , NY
John and Kimiko Powers collection
The largest work of Warhol 's iconic " Campbell 's Soup " series $ 80 - 140 million " 200 one dollar bills " was sold for $ 43.8 million in 20091 , but works from " Campell 's Soup Cans " are much more famous and coveted .
Auction record for Warhol is $ 105 million ( " Silver Car Crash " , 2013 ) 1 . " Warhol artwork sells for $ 43.8 m " , BBC News , published November 12th 2009
Warhol , Andy
" Shot Marilyns " , 1964
Five oil on canvas , each 101.6 x 101.6 cm .
' Orange Marilyn ' at S. I. Newhouse Collection
' Red Marilyn ' at Niarchos Collection
' Turquoise Marilyn ' at S. Cohen Collection
' Blue Marilyn ' at Peter Brant Collection ( another one in a private collection ) Warhol 's portraits of Marilyn Monroe rank among the most iconic artworks ever created .
$ 80 - 140 million
( Shot Red and Orange Marilyns )
In 1989 , the " Red " canvas was sold for $ 4.1 million1 .
9 years later , the " Orange " painting was sold for $ 17.3 million2 .
And nine years later , the " Turquoise " canvas ( the only one that was not shot by Dorothy Podber ) was sold for a rumoured $ 80 million3 .
1. " A Warhol ' Red Marilyn ' Sets Record at Christie's " , published by Rita Reif , The New York Times , May 4th 1989
2. " $ 17 - million marilyn " , Walter Robinson , Artnet , May 15th 1998
3 . " Pop Art round - up : what and where to buy " , The Telegraph , May 26th 2010
Warhol , Andy
" One Hundred and Fifty Black / White / Grey Marilyns " , 1980
Aprox. 10 meters long
Private Collection
One of the largest paintings ever created by Andy Warhol
$ 80 - 125 million Reportedly for sale at Art Basel 2011 , priced at $ 80 million , and withdrawn after an early serious offer1 ( making the seller reconsider selling the painting for that price )
A wedding is a very special event in a person ’s life .
It ’s an important moment that , at least in theory , is only going to happen once , so those involved usually want to make it as memorable as possible .
Unfortunately , for every couple that pulls this off , there ’s another one that confuses “ memorable ” with “ retarded ” , as these weird methods of matrimony painfully demonstrate .
1 .
Gothic
“ Till death do us part ” is a classic phrase in most wedding vows , but some people seem to be in a real hurry to reach that stage .
At least , that seems to be the reasoning behind gothic weddings , which combine the joyous celebration of marriage with all the fun and excitement of a funeral .
Often wedding themes fail because not enough work is put into them , leaving the ceremony feeling uninspired and tacky .
However , this is a case of the exact opposite , where far too much time and money was spent making the bride and groom look hideous .
Either the depressed couple are going to start living out The Addams Family , or their future children will run screaming from the room and straight into psychiatric counseling , the first time they see the wedding photos .
Link
2 .
Zombie
Now , most people will look at the photos from the gothic wedding and think that things went too far , but a select few say to themselves , “ No , that ’s just not messed up enough for my liking . ”
And then those people somehow meet each other and get married , as zombies .
Zombie wedding parties tend to be an awkward mixture of guests who also dress up and people who seem embarrassed to be within ten miles of the event .
The former group then attempts to eat the latter , setting up year after year of awkward family reunions .
Now , you may call us close minded for mocking these people , but if you have to pretend that your partner has been brutally slaughtered and turned into a mindless drone before you ’ll consent to marry them you may not be setting yourself up for a healthy , stable relationship .
Link
3 .
Ghetto
We understand that some weddings need to be held on a budget .
Not every couple can afford their fancy dream ceremony , and so financial realities can often force people to get creative with their themes .
Unfortunately , there ’s a fine line between creative and stupid , and some themes toe that line with all the grace of a drunken hippopotamus .
That would explain the recent phenomenon of ghetto weddings , which take their cue from hip - hop culture .
Because if there ’s an art form out there , that really believes in the sanctity of marriage and the respectful treatment of women , it ’s rap music .
Not to mention the fact that this theme is n’t going to age well ; unless rap music remains in vogue for the next few decades the children produced by these marriages will look back at their parent ’s treasured memories and wonder just what the hell they were thinking .
Link
4 .
Video Games
Video games are fun , and you want to have fun at your wedding .
So following that tenuous logic , a video game themed wedding should be like , the greatest event ever !
Unfortunately , bringing games into the real world tends to ruin their charm rather than enhance it , meaning that those who take part in video game weddings tend to look absurd .
Video game themes are surprisingly common , from innocent Mario to the explosion filled world of Halo .
Despite their variety they all share one element ; anyone taking part is going to look very weird .
That does n’t stop them from going all out with their theme though , which means you can find weddings full of people wandering around in plastic body armor and handing out ( hopefully ) fake grenades as favours .
We ’re not sure which is weirder , the theme itself or the fact that so much effort is usually put into it that it actually ends up being kind of awesome .
Link
5 .
Mascots
Everyone has a favorite mascot or fictional character .
So why not involve them in your wedding plans ?
Most of you will be able to come up with very good answers to that question , but for those of you who can’t , you might be setting yourself up for something disastrous , such as a Hello Kitty themed wedding .
Yes , from the wedding dress and tuxedos right down to the rings themselves , you too can coat your special day in pink , sugary crap .
Hello Kitty is a mascot guaranteed to make your wedding so sickly sweet that every person who attends will end up with diabetes .
But the fun does n’t stop there .
Do you want a stupid looking fictional character to be involved in your wedding , but fear that Hello Kitty will damage your already rapidly fading masculinity ?
Then how about getting Sponge Bob Squarepants to serve as your best man ?
Nothing says manly matrimony like a giant , anthropomorphised sponge , and it ’s the perfect option for guys out there who do n’t have any real friends to fill the spot of best man .
Plus , it totally justifies a casual dress code , because a huge sponge wearing a tuxedo would just look silly .
Link
6 .
Twilight
If you ’re not familiar with Twilight ( the vampire book series , not what happens before dawn and dusk ) , then you ’re either living under a rock or are a very lucky person .
Weddings based on popular books are common , such as Lord of the Rings and Harry Potter .
Twilight deserves special mention though , because the romance in that series is already weird enough before you convert it to wedding format .
If a bride ’s idea of a loving man is one that stalks her and eventually performs a caesarean on her with his teeth ( seriously , that happens in the books ) then your wedding is probably going to be far more creepy than romantic .
That has n’t stopped people from trying though .
From using book quotes as wedding vows to coating the poor groom in glitter , Twilight themed weddings are here to stay .
If holding a wedding based on an infatuation with a fictional romance that no real love story could possibly match up to is n’t weird , then we do n’t know what is .
We do know a vampire hunter themed divorce would be awesome though .
Link
7 .
On a Plane
Now , when we say “ on a plane ” , we do n’t mean that the wedding party and their guests are cruising comfortably through the air in a private jet .
Weddings like that have been done , but that ’s not too strange .
No , what we ’re talking about is the bride , groom , and an extremely dedicated pastor actually standing on top of a god damn plane .
That ’s exactly what one English couple did , as they tied the knot 1000 feet in the air while strapped to the wings of a trio of formation flying biplanes .
Link
Now , the themes we ’ve discussed so far have just been silly , but this one is actually going out of the way to be dangerous .
If the line “ till death do us part ” can actually be fulfilled during the ceremony then you might want to consider toning things down a little .
Hell , any wedding where the bride and groom need to be physically strapped down before things get underway is definitely going over the top .
Sure , everything worked out fine in this case , but you just know that for each and every wedding anniversary they ’re going to celebrate with an even more ridiculous stunt until they ’re renewing their vows while wrestling alligators over a spiked pit or something .
Written by Mark Hill – Copyrighted © www.weirdworm.com
download 30 new , web 2.0 gradients for Gimp
gradients folder and place the downloaded ggr files there .
If you cannot find that folder , paste this in the Nautilus Location :
~/.gimp-2.6/gradients
Under Windows , the ggr files must be placed in : C : \Documents and Settings \< your_username>\.gimp-2.6\gradients .
Download the 30 web 2.0 Gimp gradients
Via :
To install these gradients ( layer styles ) in Ubuntu , download the files ( see download link at the end of the post ) , then go to .gimp - 2.x ( if you have the latest version , it 's .gimp - 2.6 ) directory in your home folder ) - which is a hidden folder so press Ctrl + H to see the hidden files ) .
Then go to thefolder and place the downloadedfiles there .
If you cannot find that folder , paste this in the Nautilus Location : Under Windows , the ggr files must be placed in : Via : NeoTux | Credits : Gimp - Tutorials
If you use Gimp intensively , you may have noticed that the default gradients are very few and this is why you may want to .
With these pre-made gradients you can easily make cool web 2.0 headers , backgrounds , button , and almost any web based designs will always need some nice gradient affect to it and instead of creating them using multiple layers all you need is to use the Gradient fill tool to apply the effects .
27 Pages Posted : 10 Jan 2009
Last revised : 1 Jul 2013
Abstract
President George W. Bush and his executive branch lawyers have earned widespread criticism for extreme positions and practices regarding the scope of presidential authority .
The war on terror that followed the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks provided the context for their most controversial claims of unilateral authority : to override legal prohibitions on the use of torture and cruel , inhuman and degrading treatment ; to hold " enemy combatants " indefinitely without access to counsel or any opportunity to challenge their detention ; and to engage in domestic electronic surveillance without a court order .
Our nation 's welfare and integrity depend upon continued evaluation , response , and , when warranted , condemnation of these practices .
Many commentators ( including me ) have proposed reforms and principles to guide future administrations and to encourage Congress and the courts to impose appropriate external checks .
This Article , however , urges due care in the formulation of such critiques and reforms , especially regarding the Bush administration 's efforts to advance its constitutional views .
Critics should be precise with their objections and recommendations in order to avoid undermining legitimate authorities for future Presidents or otherwise disrupting the proper balance of governmental powers .
The Bush administration 's abuses - especially its claims of authority to refuse to comply with federal statutes - reinforce the need for articulated standards and effective safeguards to ensure lawful conduct .
However , those abuses do not obviate the existence or desirability of legitimate presidential authority .
Among the powers President Bush has placed at risk is the longstanding and necessary authority of Presidents , with the help of their executive branch lawyers , to interpret the Constitution in ways that go beyond judicial precedent and congressional determinations .
CLEVELAND , Ohio --
Does Cleveland still need a port authority ?
The Cleveland - Cuyahoga County Port Authority ended its 41st year in critical condition .
The taxpayer - subsidized agency lost its president and chief executive , its maritime director and its government liaison .
Its governing board drew criticism for its secretive ways and lax oversight .
The agency indefinitely postponed a $ 500 million plan to move from downtown to a larger site off East 55th Street , a move the port board had hoped would attract international container ships .
And board members disclosed that the authority lacked enough money to ensure that Cleveland 's harbor remains clear enough to function as a port .
Ohio Republican U.S. Sen . George Voinovich , in a letter sent last month to The Plain Dealer , acknowledged the problems and called for the authority to re-examine all its past assumptions .
" We are now at a critical juncture , " he wrote .
" I would suggest that the port take advantage of this time to put its priorities in order . "
Other port supporters suspect the end is near .
" There 's not a maritime or transportation person on the board , " said Tom Burke , the port 's director from 1980 to1987 .
" They 're all lawyers and developers .
I think they want the port out of here completely . "
So , does Cleveland need a port authority ?
Here are the arguments for and against keeping the port authority .
Reasons for saving the authority
Financing big projects :
The authority has used its bonding powers to finance construction of Cleveland Browns Stadium and the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum .
It is now working with developer Scott Wolstein to build a $ 270 million business and housing project on the east bank of the Flats .
Other projects being financed by port bonds include an office and parking lot at the Stokes Cleveland VA Medical Center at University Circle , land for Eaton Corp .'s new headquarters in Beachwood , and work at the Higbee Co. building on Public Square .
" We can not let the port fail , " Voinovich wrote .
" It is too important to the future of the county and the region .
Let 's not lose the opportunity to do it right this time . "
Redeveloping port land : Authority board members voted unanimously last month to offer developers 30 city - owned acres east of the Cuyahoga River and north of Browns Stadium as part of a waterfront redevelopment project that would eventually include 100 acres .
The first stages call for an urban village of shops , restaurants , hotels , offices and condos , grand promenades and inviting parks .
" There 's not a dog site in the entire development , " said Eric Johnson , the port authority 's real estate chief .
" Every location will either have a waterfront or park view . "
Where the $ 27 million will come from to pay for the work has yet to be determined .
Maintaining Cleveland 's harbor :
The authority helps pay for the dredging of silt from the bottom of the harbor and Cuyahoga River .
Dredging is needed to allow for the passage of ore boats , barges and tankers serving the ArcelorMittal steel plant and other businesses on the Cuyahoga River .
" I never thought I 'd be saying this , but how to dispose of dredge material is the single most important issue that we need to address , so the shipping channel remains accessible , " interim port CEO Peter Raskind told a gathering of business leaders Thursday .
" " " "
Attracting container ships :
The congestion at coastal ports has some maritime experts predicting that international container ships will be coming by way of the St. Lawrence Seaway to the Great Lakes .
Luring the cargo - laden vessels to Cleveland should be a top priority of the port authority , the same experts say .
" Cleveland has n't even begun to tap into its potential for shipping containers , " said Arthur Pusch , a special - projects manager for ColorMatrix , a Berea company that deals with the world 's shipping ports .
" It 's just basic common sense :
If you can pull the ships up to your docks , you can load and unload containers . "
Reasons for dismantling the authority :
Financing big projects : Economic development efforts and the sale of tax - free bonds can be shifted to Cuyahoga County .
Paul Oyaski , director of economic development for the county , said that the county could legally assume the economic development and bond financing functions .
" Legally , if the parties were willing , I do n't think there 's any major impediments that could not be overcome to create a more streamlined regional economic development entity , " Oyaski said .
" But everyone has to give a little . "
Redeveloping port land : Oversight of the redevelopment project could be handled by Cleveland , which owns much of the land .
Joe Roman , president of the Greater Cleveland Partnership , already has suggested establishing a separate governing authority to oversee the lakefront project , which he considers the community 's top priority .
" A developing authority would help to speed it up and to streamline the process , " Roman said .
" Now it takes five or six government agencies to give their approval to make things happen . "
Maintaining Cleveland 's harbor :
It seems a remote possibility , but the harbor could close in five years , with or without an authority .
That 's because the authority does not have its $ 158 million share of the cost to build a 200 - acre dike off East 55th Street to store dredged silt .
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers , which is in charge of dredging , says it will need a new dike built by 2015 to keep the harbor open .
Authority board members say they will ask for help from the state and federal governments , but some observers doubt that help will come in time .
" It 's never going to happen , " said Burke .
by Mike Phillips
Facebook beginning to look like Big Brother
In their increasing attempt to dominate the social space Facebook has announced drastic changes to the privacy controls of a person ’s profile and content .
In short , Facebook wants you to share your content with everyone .
One of the reasons that Facebook has proved popular was that it was a walled community .
It was a place for you and your friends , not the strange guy who lives down the road .
Facebook has been continually opening itself up , and in the process been alienating users .
The problem is that even if you follow someone of Twitter , no real information is given away .
People do n’t tend to add much personal detail to their Twitter profile , largely because they can ’t .
But Facebook is different .
People share photos of their friends and family , they share personal information about their lives .
Sure , there are people on Twitter who post the intimate details of their toilet habits , but , the key difference is the atmosphere in which the content is published .
Unlike Twitter , which is designed to be a public life streaming tool , and is used as such by the vast majority of users , Facebook has always tended to be more personal , there is a veil of personal security that you have when you upload to Facebook – you are sharing with your friends , not the world .
By changing the default options , Facebook is eroding this sense of security .
Whilst before you had to manually open your profile up to let other people see it , you now have to jump through hoops to stop complete strangers seeing what you ’ve posted .
Facebook says that the reason they have decided to encourage users to make their content public is to encourage sharing , searching , and learning about people you do n’t know .
The problem with this is that people do not join Facebook to learn about people they do n’t know , they join to keep in contact with the people they do know , and find the people they used to know .
It ’s obvious why Facebook has decided to take this action .
By opening up content to the public , they also open it up to search engines , and they can begin to play an important part in real time social search .
And secondly , they become more like Twitter , which , in my opinion , they ’ve been trying to do ever since they failed to acquire them back in 2008 .
In fact , to date , I ’ve not seen a single major change in Facebook that has n’t suggested they are trying to be more like Twitter .
You just have to look at the massive shift in design to emphasize status update to recognise it .
The problem with Facebook trying to become more like Twitter is , most Facebook users never wanted to use Twitter in the first place .
-- Eugene Robinson , in his Washington Post column today ,
-- Glenn Greenwald , on Game Change by John Heilemann and Mark Halperin , in his post " ' Political reporting ' means ' royal court gossip ' "
By all accounts ( including a long , miserable excerpt they released ) , the book is filled with the type of petty , catty , gossipy , trashy sniping that is the staple of sleazy tabloids and reality TV shows , and it has been assembled through anonymous gossip , accountability - free attributions , and contrived melodramatic dialogue masquerading as " reporting . "
And yet -- or , really , therefore -- Washington 's journalist class is poring over , studying , and analyzing its contents as though it is the Dead Sea Scrolls , lavishing praise on its authors as though they committed some profound act of journalism , and displaying a level of genuine fascination and giddiness that stands in stark contrast to the boredom and above - it - all indifference they project in those rare instances when forced to talk about anything that actually matters .
This reaction has nicely illuminated what our press corps is .
The [ Halperin - Heilemann ] book is little more than royal court gossip , churned out by the leading practitioner of painfully sycophantic , Drudge - mimicking cattiness : Time 's Mark Halperin .
And all of the courtiers , courtesans , court spokespeople ( i.e. , " journalists " ) and hangers - on who populate our decadent little Versailles on the Potomac can barely contain their glee over the opportunity to revel in this self - absorbed sleaze .
Virtually every " political news " TV show is hyping it .
D.C. reporters are boasting that they obtained early previews and are excitedly touting how intensively they 're studying its pages in order to identify the most crucial revelations .
Just try to contemplate how things would be if even a fraction of this media energy and interest level were devoted to scrutinizing the non-trivial things political leaders do .
Revealingly , one of the sections receiving the most attention is the microscopic examination of the sexual proclivities of John Edwards , his marital conflicts with his wife , and their various personality flaws .
That reaction is predictable and , obviously , predicted , which is why the lengthy excerpt they released focuses on those matters .
Notably , the Edwards scandal was relentlessly pursued and first " broken " by The National Enquirer , and I defy anyone to read the book excerpt on Edwards ( to the extent you can even get through it ) and identify any differences between the book 's tone , content and " reporting " methods and those found in the Enquirer .
Meanwhile , Matt Drudge -- crowned by Halperin and the co-author for his prior book , Politico Editor - in - Chief John Harris , as The Ruler of The World of Political Journalists -- has been ( in return ) screamingly promoting the book non-stop for days , as has Drudge 's cloned , adopted child , Politico .
This is the most revealing aspect of this episode .
The National Enquirer , Matt Drudge and Politico are n't aberrational extremes in our press corps .
As Halperin and Harris correctly noted in calling Washington journalism " The Freak Show , " they are at its epicenter , leading the way .
The reason there is such a complete merger of interest among low - life tabloids , Matt Drudge , reality shows and the Washington political press corps is precisely because they are indeed indistinguishable -- merged .
Even for people who thought that John Edwards ' sexual activities were relevant when he was running for President or vying for a high administration position , at this point he is a completely destroyed , discredited non-entity with no political future , and mucking around in the life of him and his wife is pure sleazy voyeurism .
Subjecting the Edwards to this sort of vicious , judgmental scrutiny is a cost - free activity , which is why so many are so eager to engage in it .
The real value of a book like this lies in the opportunity it presents for Washington 's elite class to distract themselves and everyone else from the oozing corruption , destruction , decaying and pillaging going on -- that these same Washington denizens have long enabled .
With some important exceptions , that is the primary purpose of establishment journalism generally .
Even better , the book lets our media and political elite -- and then the public generally -- feel good about themselves by morally condemning the trashy exploits of Rielle Hunter and the egoistic hypocrisies of the irrelevant John and Elizabeth Edwards .
As The Nation 's Chris Hayes so perfectly put it : " Just when you think the news cycle can't get any stupider , Mark Halperin publishes a book . "
All imperial courts -- especially collapsing ones -- love to occupy themselves with insular , snotty trivialities .
As this book and the excitement it has produced demonstrates , providing that distraction is exactly what our press corps most loves to do and what it does best .
The media sleazebags who turned Bill Clinton 's penile spots , cigars and semen stains into headline news for two straight years have n't gone anywhere ; they 're actually stronger and more dominant than ever .
Harry Reid 's comments were crudely put , yet true
By Eugene Robinson
Tuesday , January 12 , 2010 ; A17
Skin color among African Americans is not to be discussed in polite company , so Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid 's newly disclosed remark about President Obama -- that voters are more comfortable with him because he 's light - skinned -- offended decorum .
But it was surely true .
Color bias has always existed in this country .
We do n't talk about it because we think of color as subordinate to racial identification .
There are African Americans with skin so light - hued that only contextual clues speak to the question of race .
I remember once looking up some distant cousins on my father 's side .
They were so fair of hair and ruddy of cheek that I thought I 'd gone to the wrong house , until one of them greeted me in what I guess Reid would call " Negro dialect . "
Forgive me if I am neither shocked nor outraged .
A few years ago I wrote a book about color and race called " Coal to Cream , " and the issue no longer has third - rail status for me .
What I would find stunning is evidence that Reid 's assessment -- made during the 2008 campaign and reported in a new book by journalists John Heilemann and Mark Halperin -- was anything but accurate .
Advertising is a reliable window into the American psyche , so look at the images we 're presented on television and in glossy magazines .
The black models tend to be caramel - skinned or lighter , with hair that 's not really kinky -- which is how I 'd describe mine -- but wavy , even flowing .
A few models whose skin is chocolate - hued or darker have reached superstar status , such as Alek Wek and Tyson Beckford , but they are rare exceptions .
Skin color could hardly be a more conspicuous attribute , but we do n't talk about it in this country .
That 's been a good thing .
I became interested in perceptions of color and race when I was The Post 's correspondent in South America .
On reporting trips to Brazil , a country with a history of slavery much like ours , I kept running across people with skin as dark as mine , or a bit darker , who did n't consider themselves " black . "
I learned that at the time -- roughly 20 years ago -- fewer than 10 percent of Brazilians self - identified as black .
Yet at least half the population , I estimated , would have been considered black in the United States .
This was because American society enforced the " one - drop " rule :
If you had any African blood at all , you were black .
In Brazil , by contrast , you could be mulatto , you could be light - skinned , you could be " Moorish " brown , all the way to " blue - black " -- more than a dozen informal classifications in all .
Color superseded racial identification .
In Salvador da Bahia , I met a couple who considered themselves black but whose children were lighter - skinned .
The children 's birth certificates classified them as branco , or white .
The Brazilian system minimized racial friction on an interpersonal level .
The American system fostered such friction , through formal and informal codes that enforced racial segregation .
But our " one - drop " paradigm also created great racial solidarity among African Americans , while maximizing our numbers .
We fought , marched , sat in , struggled and eventually made tremendous strides toward equality .
The most recent , of course , was Obama 's election , which is difficult to imagine happening in Brazil -- or , for that matter , in any other country where there is a large , historically oppressed minority group .
Brazil has now begun addressing long - standing racial disparities through affirmative action initiatives .
But the upper reaches of that society -- the financial district in Sao Paulo , say , or the government ministries in Brasilia -- are still so exclusively white that they look like bits and pieces of Portugal that somehow ended up on the wrong side of the ocean .
American society 's focus on race instead of color explains why what Harry Reid said was so rude .
But I do n't think it can be a coincidence that so many pioneers -- Edward Brooke , the first black senator since Reconstruction ; Thurgood Marshall , the first black Supreme Court justice ; Colin Powell , the first black secretary of state -- have been lighter - skinned .
Reid 's analysis was probably good sociology , even if it was bad politics .
Much worse , as far as I 'm concerned , was the quote the new book " Game Change " attributes to Bill Clinton .
In an attempt to persuade Ted Kennedy not to support Obama , Clinton is supposed to have said that " a few years ago , this guy would have been getting us coffee . "
I guess the one - drop rule can still trump Harvard Law .
I 'm grateful to Glenn Greenwald for calling attention to 's Chris Hayes 's comment on the appallingly much - talked about book by John Heileman and Mark Halperin : Clicking through Glenn 's link reveals that this comment of Chris 's is in fact a tweet .
Twitter - proofed as my life is , I know there are people who are attracted to the medium precisely for the literary and / or journalistic challenge of the 140 - character limit .
In this tweet of our Mr. Hayes , I think we have a winner .
Is there anyone whoknow that Mark Halperin is not only an idiot , but a pompous , self - important one ?
( You mean , apart from the people who incomprehensibly continue to employ him and the even larger group who continue to take him seriously ? )
Not surprisingly , Glenn G has some well - considered thoughts on the subject , in the post that contains the link to Chris Hayes 's tweet , " ' Political reporting ' means ' royal court gossip ' " : Of course , one of the most explosive " scoops " of the Heilemann - Halperin tome is the remark Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid apparently made about Barack Obama 's skin color .
Of course serious discussion of almost any aspect of the race issue remains all but impossible in our society , except for those rare moments , like the one during the presidential campaign that produced candidate Barack Obama 's eloquent speech on the subject , which mostly achieved the objective , not of having a conversation on the subject of race , but of making the subject go away again .
But really .
are there any words for the state we 've reached when we have the " gotcha " - squad people who 've picked up the Reid remark actually using it to accuse the senator of being a racist ?
These are , after all , card - carrying members of the New Confederate Party , a party that may or may not beracist rage but that certainly embraces it .
If those people had a shred of decency , after making their hypocritical accusations , they would repair to the privacy of their gun dens and blow their poisoned brains out , ideally after scribbling a note apologizing for having been born .
But even this objection to our revived conversation about race does n't go far enough .
As Gene Robinson points out in his column today , the idea " that voters are more comfortable with [ Obama ] because he 's light - skinned " " may have offended decorum , " " but it was surely true . "
Labels : Eugene Robinson ( WaPo ) , Glenn Greenwald , GOP racism , Mark Halperin
I 'm guessing that someone explained to him that it would be in his interests to change his tune .
After all , he wants his new security business to keep making money , right ?
WASHINGTON — Former Homeland Security secretary Tom Ridge , speaking for the first time about accusations made in his new book , says he did not mean to suggest that other top Bush administration officials were playing politics with the nation 's security before the 2004 presidential election .
" I 'm not second - guessing my colleagues , " Ridge said in an interview about The Test of Our Times , which comes out Tuesday and recounts his experiences as head of the nation 's homeland security efforts in the first several years after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks .
In the book , Ridge portrays his fledgling department as playing second fiddle to other Cabinet - level heavyweights .
As secretary , he says he was never invited to participate in National Security Council meetings , he was left out of the information loop by the FBI and his proposal to establish Homeland Security offices in major cities such as New Orleans were rejected .
His most explosive accusation : that Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and Attorney General John Ashcroft pressed him to raise the national threat level after Osama bin Laden released a videotape criticizing President Bush shortly before Election Day 2004 .
Ridge writes he rejected raising the level because bin Laden had released nearly 20 such tapes since 9/11 and the latest contained nothing suggesting an imminent threat .
Noting that Bush 's approval ratings typically went up when the threat level was raised , Ridge writes that Ashcroft and Rumsfeld pushed to elevate it during a " vigorous " discussion .
" Ashcroft strongly urged an increase in the threat level , and was supported by Rumsfeld , " he writes .
" There was absolutely no support for that position within our department .
None .
I wondered , ' Is this about security or politics ? ' "
Although he prevailed and the threat level was not elevated , Ridge writes that the episode reinforced his decision to resign .
He did so weeks after the election .
Last week , when word got out about Ridge 's accusations , Rumsfeld 's spokesman Keith Urbahn issued a statement calling them " nonsense . "
Now , Ridge says he did not mean to suggest he was pressured to raise the threat level , and he is not accusing anyone of trying to boost Bush in the polls .
" I was never pressured , " Ridge said .
At her death in 1997 , Jean Conan Doyle bequeathed her father ’s copyrights to the Royal National Institute of Blind People .
The institute sold the rights back to the Doyle heirs , who transferred them into a family - owned company .
In recent years the estate has licensed the characters for mystery collections with Christmas themes ( “ Holmes for the Holidays ” ) and supernatural overtones ( “ Ghosts in Baker Street ” ) .
Mr. Lellenberg said a volume of vampire - theme Holmes stories was also being considered .
Image Jude Law as Dr. John Watson .
Credit ...
Warner Brothers Pictures
“ Vampires are all the rage these days , ” he said .
“ There ’s no end . ”
As Holmes has endured , so have challenges over his ownership .
In court cases that started in the late 1990s , Andrea Plunket , the ex-wife of Mr. Reynolds , the producer , filed suits against the Conan Doyle estate and other companies , saying they violated her rights to the characters .
Her family had financed the purchase of the Conan Doyle properties from the Royal Bank of Scotland , and after she divorced her husband ( and became the companion of the socialite Claus von Bülow ) , she said those rights were hers .
Federal courts have repeatedly ruled against Ms. Plunket , and her attempt to trademark the Sherlock Holmes name was denied .
But in a telephone interview , she said she was the administrator of the Sir Arthur Conan Doyle Literary Estate , and that when Jean Conan Doyle ’s advisers served Ms. Plunket ’s family with a notice of copyright termination , they sent it to a non-existent address .
Ms. Plunket , who now operates a bed - and - breakfast in Livingston Manor , N.Y. , said that Mr. Lellenberg and his colleagues were the aggressors .
“ He has one huge advantage , ” she said , “ which is the name Conan Doyle , which he brandishes , of course . ”
Ms. Plunket said that she had a limited involvement in the making of Mr. Ritchie ’s “ Sherlock Holmes ” film , and that she spoke frequently with its producers and visited its set .
“ Nobody asked me for my advice , ” she said “ They did n’t say , ‘ Oh , well , Mrs. Plunket , tell us who you want to play Sherlock Holmes . ’
I had no legal right . ”
LONDON  Months before a national election , Prime Minister Gordon Brown appeared Thursday to have survived an attempt to unseat him by two senior figures in the governing Labour Party who issued an unusual appeal for a secret ballot on his leadership .
But the episode revealed a surprisingly tepid level of support for Mr. Brown among ministers who rallied belatedly to his side after the dissidents  the former cabinet ministers Patricia Hewitt and Geoff Hoon  said in a letter to Labour lawmakers on Wednesday that their party was “ deeply divided ” over his tenure .
Late Wednesday , Mr. Hoon acknowledged on BBC television that the attempt to force a secret ballot  the third challenge to Mr. Brown ’s position since he took power more than two years ago  had failed .
He described the maneuver as “ an opportunity that Labour M.P.s by and large have not taken . ”
British newspapers Thursday dwelled on the apparent reluctance of some cabinet ministers to support Mr. Brown , who faces a catalog of woes ranging from recession at home to criticism of his handling of the war in Afghanistan .
The BBC said up to six cabinet ministers may have harbored unspoken sympathies for the attempt to topple him .
progress in PHP support for KDevelop
Hey everyone .
Been some time since I last blogged …
I want to take the chance to give you all a bit of overview over the last changes in the PHP plugin for KDevelop :
Performance Improvements
I spent quite some time profiling various aspects of the PHP plugin , be it parsing and DUChain building over to ( just yesterday ) code completion .
I ’m confident to say that I found ( and removed ) quite a few bottlenecks , making the plugin much more comfortable to use .
I ’m really blown away time over time again by valgrind & KCachegrind …
What would we do without these tools ?
Documentation
An ( imo ) very strong point for using KDevelop for PHP programming is it ’s seamless support for documentation .
Be it the “ simple ” inline documentation in the Declaration Tooltips or the extended integration of the remote PHP .
net docs .
But these past days I improved our generator for the inline documentation of built - in PHP language constructs considerably :
add documentation for function / method parameters
add @since where appropriate
where appropriate fix some missing declarations or bugs , esp. some that where part of SPL
These changes increased the size of the generated file to whopping 3.1M .
This was too much for me and hence I added support to ship this file zipped ( i.e. now it ’s 80 % smaller ) and we decompress it transparently with the use of KZip .
Adding such a feature was a breeze , so nice to work with the KDE Api :)
There are still a few things missing and stuff I plan to improve here , so stay tuned for more news in this regard .
The space shuttle Discovery is shown inside its Orbital Processing Facility , a maintenance hangar used to service the spacecraft in between spacefligths , in this 2005 photo .
This story was updated at 5:33 p.m. EST .
NASA has launched an extensive investigation to determine how a small amount of cocaine ended up in a space shuttle hangar at the agency 's Florida spaceport .
A bag containing a small amount of white powder residue that was later confirmed to be cocaine was discovered in the space shuttle Discovery 's hangar at NASA 's Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral , Fla .
The hangar , known in NASA parlance as an Orbiter Processing Facility , is a restricted zone for shuttle workers only .
The cocaine was discovered Tuesday when a shuttle worker spotted it outside a bathroom and reported it to NASA security , NASA spokesperson Allard Beutel told SPACE.com today .
An on - site test of the bag stated it was cocaine , and subsequent follow - up tests confirmed it was the drug , he said .
" This is a rare and isolated incident , and I 'm disappointed that it happened , but it should not detract from the outstanding work that is being done by a dedicated team on a daily basis , " said Bob Cabana , a former astronaut and director of the Kennedy Space Center , in a statement .
" We are conducting an investigation and working with center security and law enforcement officials to get to the bottom of it . "
The shuttle 's maintenance hangar is a restricted zone , requiring special access badges for any workers , Beutel said .
About 200 NASA employees and contractors have access to the area and drug tests for all of them have been under way since Wednesday .
However , the agency said Thursday that there have been no indications of anyone working on the premises while under the influence of an illegal substance .
The consequences of such actions are severe , NASA officials added .
" NASA , as well as all of our contractors , has a zero - tolerance policy for illegal drug use , " Beutel said .
" This is being taken very seriously . "
NASA 's security officials are actively investigating the cocaine find on two fronts .
They are investigating the drug itself , as well as any clues as to how it ended up in the shuttle hangar .
NASA takes security around its aging space shuttles extremely seriously because of safety concerns for personnel working on the spacecraft , as well as to ensure the safety and quality of work on the space vehicles .
Agency officials said that extensive efforts are being made to ensure Discovery remains safe to fly its next spaceflight .
Discovery is slated to blast off from the Kennedy Space Center in March to deliver supplies and spare parts to the International Space Station .
" We have processes that will ensure the integrity of the shuttle , " said Cabana .
" There is no reason whatsoever to believe this incident will have any impact on Discovery 's upcoming launch . "
The next shuttle to fly is Endeavour , which is due to launch on Feb .
7 . NASA plans to fly five final shuttle missions this year before retiring its three - orbiter fleet .
This is not the first time agency personnel have come under fire over reports of substance abuse .
In 2007 , the space agency launched a different investigation after receiving two anecdotal accounts suggesting that astronauts were drunk just before their spaceflights .
The investigation ultimately found no evidence of any pre-flight drunkenness among its astronaut corps .
But unlike those earlier accounts , which stemmed from years - old anecdotes , the cocaine incident is rooted firm in the present and in fact .
NASA and law enforcement officials will settle the matter , NASA officials said .
" People know how serious this is and how serious people take it , " Beutel said .
" And it 's not acceptable .
That 's the bottom line . "
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News website
Neither satellites nor ground observations give a complete picture
The vice - chairman of the UN 's climate science panel has admitted it made a mistake in asserting that Himalayan glaciers could disappear by 2035 .
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) included the date in its 2007 assessment of climate impacts .
A number of scientists have recently disputed the 2035 figure , and Jean - Pascal van Ypersele told BBC News that it was an error and would be reviewed .
But he said it did not change the broad picture of man-made climate change .
The issue , which BBC News first reported on 05 December , has reverberated around climate websites in recent days .
It is so wrong that it is not even worth discussing
Georg Kaser , University of Innsbruck
Himalayas glacier deadline ' wrong '
Some commentators maintain that taken together with the contents of e-mails stolen last year from the University of East Anglia 's Climatic Research Unit , it undermines the credibility of climate science .
Dr van Ypersele said this was not the case .
" I do n't see how one mistake in a 3,000 - page report can damage the credibility of the overall report , " he said .
" Some people will attempt to use it to damage the credibility of the IPCC ; but if we can uncover it , and explain it and change it , it should strengthen the IPCC 's credibility , showing that we are ready to learn from our mistakes . "
Grey area
The claim that Himalayan glaciers could disappear by 2035 appears to have originated in a 1999 interview with Indian glaciologist Syed Hasnain , published in New Scientist magazine .
The figure then surfaced in a 2005 report by environmental group WWF - a report that is cited in the IPCC 's 2007 assessment , known as AR4 .
An alternative genesis lies in the misreading of a 1996 study that gave the date as 2350 .
AR 4 asserted : " Glaciers in the Himalayas are receding faster than in any other part of the world ... the likelihood of them disappearing by the year 2035 and perhaps sooner is very high . "
Dr van Ypersele said the episode meant that the panel 's reviewing procedures would have to be tightened .
Slow reaction ?
The row erupted in India late last year in the run-up to the Copenhagen climate summit , with opposing factions in the government giving radically different narratives of what was happening to Himalayan ice .
IPCC chief Rajendra Pachauri has been criticised by Jairam Ramesh In December , it emerged that four leading glaciologists had prepared a letter for publication in the journal Science arguing that a complete melt by 2035 was physically impossible .
" You just ca n't accomplish it , " Jeffrey Kargel from the University of Arizona told BBC News at the time .
" If you think about the thicknesses of the ice - 200 - 300 m thicknesses , in some cases up to 400 m thick - and if you 're losing ice at the rate of a metre a year , or let 's say double it to two metres a year , you 're not going to get rid of 200 m of ice in a quarter of a century . "
The row continues in India , with Environment Minister Jairam Ramesh calling this week for the IPCC to explain " how it reached the 2035 figure , which created such a scare " .
Meanwhile , in an interview with the news agency AFP , Georg Kaser from the University of Innsbruck in Austria - who led a different portion of the AR4 process - said he had warned that the 2035 figure was wrong in 2006 , before AR4 's publication .
" It is so wrong that it is not even worth discussing , " he told AFP in an interview .
He said that people working on the Asia chapter " did not react " .
He suggested that some of the IPCC 's working practices should be revised by the time work begins on its next landmark report , due in 2013 .
But its overall conclusion that global warming is " unequivocal " remains beyond reproach , he said .
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( Newser ) – Hey you , reading this at your computer :
You might want to get up and stretch .
A new study shows that every hour per day spent in front of that monitor raises your risk of early death from heart disease by a whopping 18 % — ie , someone who spends an average of two hours a day is 36 % more susceptible than someone who spends none , even if they 're not obese and exercise .
It also raises the risk of dying from cancer by 8 % , and all causes 11 % .
The Australian study actually looked at more than 8,000 people who watched more than four hours of TV a day , but the problem is n't the tube , it 's sitting down for long periods , the Independent reports .
" Normal activities of daily living that involved standing up and moving the muscles in the body have been converted to sitting , " the scientist heading the study said .
Many people " simply shift from one chair to another — from the chair in the car to the chair in the office to the chair in front of the television . "
The researchers ' recommendation for the public :
In addition to regular exercise , " avoid sitting for prolonged periods and keep in mind to ' move more , more often ' . "
( Read more couch potato stories . )
Man , nothing saps my motivation to write like smart people I agree with writing about the same topic .
But my feed has turned brown once again in NetNewsWire , so something has to be done .
Rather than waxing philosophical about everyone 's favorite mythical product , I 'm going to take a more pragmatic approach : bold , concrete prediction !
But first , the obligatory dance .
I have no inside information .
All of the predictions below are purely speculative .
If you do n't want to read yet another blog post about what someone thinks the Apple tablet will be like based on nothing more than intuition and guesswork , click away now .
No purchase required .
Void where prohibited .
The fevered speculation surrounding the tablet reminds me of the days leading up to the 2005 Tokyo Game Show where the Wii controller was revealed .
Remember the Nintendo On video ?
Okay , maybe the tablet hype has n't reached that level yet , but it 's close .
Well let me throw some cold water over all that .
As far as I can see , there are obvious answers to most of the common questions about the tablet — obvious and boring answers , that is , which is why everyone wants to talk about more fantastic scenarios , I suppose .
There 's also the popular notion that Apple has to do something entirely new or totally amazing in order for the tablet to succeed .
After all , tablets have been tried before , with dismal results .
It seems absurd to some people that Apple can succeed simply by using existing technologies and software techniques in the right combination .
And yet that 's exactly what Apple has done with all of its most recent hit products — and what I predict Apple will do with the tablet .
That means no haptic - feedback touchscreen , no folding / dual screens , no VR goggles or mind control .
Instead of being all that people can imagine , it'll just be what people expect : a mostly unadorned color touch screen that 's bigger than an iPhone but smaller than a MacBook .
If I 'm being generous , I 'll allow that maybe it'll be something a bit more exotic than a plain LCD display .
But there are hard and fast constraints : it must be a touch screen , it must be color , and it must support video .
( We 'll see why in a bit . )
So how will an Apple tablet distinguish itself without any headline technological marvels ?
It 'll do so by leveraging all of Apple 's strategic strengths .
Now you 're expecting me to say something about tight hardware / software integration , user experience , or " design , " but I 'm talking about even more obvious factors .
Customers - Apple has over 100 million credit - card - bearing customer accounts thanks to the success of iTunes .
- Apple has over 100 million credit - card - bearing customer accounts thanks to the success of iTunes .
Developers -
Over 125,000 developers have put over 100,000 iPhone OS applications up for sale on the App Store .
Then there are the Mac OS X developers ( though of course there 's some overlap ) .
Apple 's got developers ready and able to come at the tablet from both directions .
- Over 125,000 developers have put over 100,000 iPhone OS applications up for sale on the App Store .
Then there are the Mac OS X developers ( though of course there 's some overlap ) .
Apple 's got developers ready and able to come at the tablet from both directions .
Relationships - Apple has lucrative and successful relationships with the most important content owners in the music and movie businesses .
These are Apple 's most important assets when it comes to the tablet , and you can bet your bottom dollar that Apple will lean heavily on them .
This , combined with Apple 's traditional strength in design and user experience , is what will distinguish Apple 's tablet in the market .
It will provide an easy way for people to find , purchase , and consume all kinds of media and applications right from the device .
It 's that simple .
( And if that sounds a lot like what defined the success of the iPhone to you , well , you 're right .
But it 's a winning formula , and Apple 's not going to pass it by just to satisfy the technology press 's desire for radical change . )
Apple 's doing the hard work to make all of this happen , of course .
That means courting a new class of content owners whose wares are a good fit for a tablet - scale device : print publishers .
Apple 's got a lot to offer publishers : millions of existing customers who 've proven their willingness to buy digital media , relationships with other big media companies to show that Apple knows how to get along in this world , even a CEO who is himself the head of a movie studio and the largest single shareholder of a media giant .
Add to that the color , video - capable touchscreen , which current electronic publishing suitors lack , and Apple can now appeal to new kinds of publishers : glossy magazines , comic books , and mixed media hybrids ( e.g. , People magazine with embedded celebrity videos ) .
Other tablet - like devices have their own content owner relationships and stores , but none so far have anything to rival Apple 's third - party application might .
What Apple has is a platform , with all that entails .
And it 's a lot harder to establish a successful platform than it is to make digital retailing deals with content owners .
Apple actually has at least two platforms so far : Mac OS X and iPhone OS .
The tablet will add another .
Technologically , Apple 's covering itself by basing all its platforms on the same core OS and using very similar APIs .
Business - wise , the Mac OS X and iPhone OS approaches are very different .
There 's reason to believe that the tablet application development model will closely resemble ( or , in fact , be identical to ) the existing App Store , but the point is that Apple has the flexibility and demonstrated willingness to tailor each platform according to ( what Apple considers ) its needs , rather than trying to shoehorn a platform into an existing business practice .
Like I said , it 's all so obvious it 's boring .
But even a merely competent execution of this simple plan will result in a product with advantages none of its current competitors can match .
And an Apple - caliber execution could really shake things up .
But will it actually be " nothing short of Apple ’s reconception of personal computing , " as Gruber opined ?
What I think he 's getting at is the sentiment embodied by already announced products like the Litl and Google 's Chrome OS .
This is the middle ground between the desktop and mobile software platforms , which makes perfect sense for a hardware device that fills a similar position .
The " reconception " part comes in when you consider how many people really need the power — and the complexity that comes with it — of a desktop platform , and in what situations .
As a computer geek watching the Chrome OS introduction video , it 's hard not to think about how much easier some people 's lives would be ( hi Mom and Dad ) if they could trade technical complexities they do n't care about for vastly increased simplicity and ease of use .
I 'm not sure Apple is best positioned to effect such a revolution .
Certainly , Apple 's the one to do it from a user interface and design perspective , but the server - side component is clearly much more in Google 's wheel house .
But in the end , selling the most devices tends to cure all ills .
Apple 's real strengths in media and application sales may end up being the tractors that pull its tablet device into eventual success as a general - purpose " post - PC " platform , despite obvious weaknesses in the realm of network services .
Brass tacks
I promised concrete predictions , and burying them in a thousand words of rhetoric hardly seems fair , so let 's get on with it .
If and when Apple finally does release a tablet product , we 'll need much more succinct statements to quote in triumph…or in shame .
First , the sure things .
The Apple tablet will have a color , video - capable touchscreen , about 10 inches diagonal .
It will have flash storage , WiFi networking , and few ports and hardware buttons .
There will be a software keyboard .
Its operating system will be based on the same core as Mac OS X and iPhone OS , and its GUI API will be an evolution of Cocoa Touch .
The platform will ( eventually ) be open to third - party developers .
You will be able to buy media and applications right on the device using your existing iTunes account .
Some of that media will be new territory for Apple : print media like magazines , newspapers , and books .
Next , the good bets .
The heart of the hardware will be silicon designed in - house at Apple by the PA Semi guys .
This will give Apple a slight price / power / performance advantage versus other similar devices .
Apple will define its own format for electronic print media distribution .
It will most likely be based on web technologies , much like the iTunes LP format .
Best case ( but also the least likely ) , it 'll be a slightly incompatible extension of the ePub standard .
Worst case ( and most likely ) , it 'll be an entirely new format .
Either way , like iTunes LP , the format will be publicly documented and there 'll be an SDK available to all interested parties …eventually .
It will be possible to port iPhone OS applications to the tablet , though considerable coding and interface work will be required to do so well .
Assuming there 's more than one tablet model , Apple will not be afraid to push up against , or even into the MacBook price range with the top - of - the - line tablet .
Finally the wildcards .
Cellular networking is the biggest question for me .
Though I hope it's there , and though I think Apple puts itself at a big disadvantage versus existing e-book readers without it , I would not be surprised if the tablet starts out as WiFi only .
I think there 'll be a user - facing camera , if not in the first version , then in the second or third .
My final wildcard is a hardware keyboard — not attached permanently to the tablet , and certainly not required , but as an optional peripheral .
After all , if Apple does n't make one , a third party certainly will — SDK allowing , of course .
The unknown
Despite all the crazy hardware speculation , I think the biggest surprises will be software - based .
There 's only so much you can do with hardware within a given price range .
Software has far fewer limitations .
Think of the prosaic grid of pixels that makes up an iPhone screen .
Any hardware vendor in the world could have commissioned the production of such a thing ; it 's what Apple did with those pixels in its software that made the iPhone the iPhone .
So , too , will it be with the tablet .
Though I feel like I know what to expect in terms of hardware and software capabilities , as well as how Apple will leverage its real and perceived market advantages to position the tablet as a product unmatched by any competitor , it 's learning exactly how those capabilities will be implemented in software that I 'm most looking forward to .
And if the hardware features a color e-ink screen capable of displaying full - motion video , costs under $ 300 , and comes with free 3G networking for life , hey , I wo n't complain .
But when it does n't … well , take two and call me in the morning .
Friday , January 22 , 2010 at 7:47AM
How do you scale a viral Facebook app that has skyrocketed to a mind boggling 65 million installs ( the population of France ) ?
That 's the fortunate problem BuddyPoke co-founder Dave Westwood has and he talked about his solution at Wednesday 's Facebook Meetup .
Slides for the complete talk are here .
For those not quite sure what BuddyPoke is , it 's a social network application that lets users show their mood , hug , kiss , and poke their friends through on - line avatars .
In many ways BuddyPoke is the quintessentially modern web application .
It thrives off the energy of social network driven ecosystems .
Game play mechanics , viral loops , and creative monetization strategies are all part of if its everyday conceptualization .
It mashes together different technologies , not in a dark Frankensteining sort of way , but in a smart way that gets the most bang for the buck .
Part of it runs on Facebook servers ( free ) .
Part of it runs on flash in a browser ( free ) .
Part of it runs on a storage cloud ( higher cost ) .
And part of runs on a Platform as a Service environment ( that 's GAE ) ( low cost ) .
It also integrates tightly with other services like PayPal ( a slice ) .
Real $ $$ are made selling virtual goods like gold coins redeemable in pokes .
User 's can also have their avatars made into dolls , t- shirts , and a whole army of other Zazzle powered gifts .
It 's really quite an amazing enterprise that only makes the barest sort of sense in a modern context .
I can only imagine what revolutionary era farmers would make of all this .
Would BuddyPoke even be something that could have existed 10 years ago ?
The reason I ask is to handle all those users BuddyPoke requires enormous levels of scaling at very low costs .
If you had to build out your own colo site in a datacenter could BuddyPoke ever have worked economically ?
Would he have ever got funding for a build out ?
BuddyPoke works through a very clever mix of strategies and services .
And it 's evident through Dave 's talk that these are all very conscious strategies .
Dave talks a lot about moving functionally to different locations in order to minimize costs , selecting techniques to minimize costs , yet keep the performance high enough that users can keep on poking .
General Lessons Learned
Before we get to specific GAE recommendations ,
Dave made a few interesting general observations :
The cost of GAE for BuddyPoke is low .
I tried to find out what the actual cost was , because some people have reported higher than expected costs , and I was wondering what his experience showed .
Nobody ever answers these types of questions and Dave was no exception .
He did say he payed way less than a penny per customer , but I 'm not sure about the units .
A penny per year ?
Per operation ?
No comment :-)
The attraction to GAE's Persistence as a Service model was its simplicity .
Dave said he 's a 3D graphics guy , not an infrastructure guy , so he did n't want to mess with that part of the system .
This is GAE 's sweet spot .
Most of the cost of BuddyPoke is in content delivery .
The main app for BuddyPoke is a flash file must be served .
These costs are much higher than the costs for running the actual application .
Dave is investigating Rackspace for file serving .
GAE has a relatively high failure rate for accessing content , which is acceptable when returning avatars , but is not OK for loading up the initial image .
You can't code naively for GAE .
In order to get performance you must select strategies that work best with how GAE works .
Google App Engine Lessons
Here are some of the strategies BuddyPoke uses to scale on Facebook and Google App Engine :
Use the browser 's CPU .
These CPU cycles are free whereas you pay for them in GAE .
For BuddyPoke this means : 1 ) perform calculations in the flash client 2 ) wait on Facebook operations in the client , not GAE .
Set maximums .
Rather than allowing users to upload a large number of icons , for example , set a max of six or so , otherwise the datastore and your costs will explode .
Memcache everything in order to smooth out datastore issues .
Use sharded counters for stats like install counts .
Otherwise contention problems will bog down everything and shoot up your quotas .
Sending large numbers of emails uses a lot of CPU .
Batch them using task queues or cron jobs .
Use multiple appspot applications for different functions instead of one big application .
Errors , for example , are sent to a specific error app .
This keeps the logs and other stats separated by function .
Split a table into two parts : main model and an additional info model .
Datastore puts are your largest cost so you need to do everything you can to minimize their cost .
In the main model use keyed access only , no indexes , and keep no extra fields .
Gets will be fast and puts will be cheap .
Writing extra fields costs time and money .
So a “ date joined ” field for a User model does n't belong in the main table .
It is n't used often so put this kind of data in an additional info model .
Put your indexes on this model and perform queries against it .
Because the additional info model has indexes it will cause more synchronized writes which costs more , is slower , and can back up processing if you need to write this model frequently .
To minimize datastore hops use batch gets and puts .
On the surface BuddyPoke seems simple , but under hood there 's some intricate strategy going on .
Minimizing costs while making it scale and perform is not obvious .
Who does what , when , why and how takes some puzzling out .
It 's certainly an approach a growing class of apps will find themselves using in the future .
Related Articles
The presumption that children need both a mother and a father is widespread .
It has been used by proponents of Proposition 8 to argue against same - sex marriage and to uphold a ban on same - sex adoption .
On the other end of the political spectrum , Barack Obama endorsed the vital role of fathers in a 2008 speech : " Of all the rocks upon which we build our lives , we are reminded today that family is the most important .
And we are called to recognize and honor how critical every father is to that foundation . "
The lead article in the February issue of Journal of Marriage and Family challenges the idea that " fatherless " children are necessarily at a disadvantage or that men provide a different , indispensable set of parenting skills than women .
" Significant policy decisions have been swayed by the misconception across party lines that children need both a mother and a father .
Yet , there is almost no social science research to support this claim .
One problem is that proponents of this view routinely ignore research on same - gender parents , " said sociologist Timothy Biblarz of the USC College of Letters , Arts and Sciences .
Extending their prior work on gender and family , Biblarz and Judith Stacey of NYU analyzed relevant studies about parenting , including available research on single - mother and single - father households , gay male parents and lesbian parents .
" That a child needs a male parent and a female parent is so taken for granted that people are uncritical , " Stacey said .
In their analysis , the researchers found no evidence of gender - based parenting abilities , with the " partial exception of lactation , " noting that very little about the gender of the parent has significance for children 's psychological adjustment and social success .
As the researchers write : " The social science research that is routinely cited does not actually speak to the questions of whether or not children need both a mother and a father at home .
Instead proponents generally cite research that compares [ heterosexual two - parent ] families with single parents , thus conflating the number with the gender of parents . "
Indeed , there are far more similarities than differences among children of lesbian and heterosexual parents , according to the study .
On average , two mothers tended to play with their children more , were less likely to use physical discipline , and were less likely to raise children with chauvinistic attitudes .
Studies of gay male families are still limited .
However , like two heterosexual parents , new parenthood among lesbians increased stress and conflict , exacerbated by general lack of legal recognition of commitment .
Also , lesbian biological mothers typically assumed greater caregiving responsibility than their partners , reflecting inequities among heterosexual couples .
" The bottom line is that the science shows that children raised by two same - gender parents do as well on average as children raised by two different - gender parents .
This is obviously inconsistent with the widespread claim that children must be raised by a mother and a father to do well , " Biblarz said .
Stacey concluded : " The family type that is best for children is one that has responsible , committed , stable parenting .
Two parents are , on average , better than one , but one really good parent is better than two not - so - good ones .
The gender of parents only matters in ways that do n't matter . "
This study is published in the February 2010 issue of the Journal of Marriage and Family .
Toward a Radical Solution
The case of Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , who attempted to bring down Northwest Airlines Flight 253 on Christmas Day by detonating explosives hidden in his underwear , highlights the dangers posed by Islamist extremism — and the difficulties of countering radicalization .
Abdulmutallab , the son of a prominent Nigerian banker and a former student at University College London , proves that there is no single path that would - be terrorists travel and no single reason they resort to violence .
As countries worldwide look to design counter - radicalization programs to mitigate the threat of homegrown terrorist attacks , they should draw on the experiences of the countries that first implemented these programs .
It is not just the Abdulmutallab incident that has spurred interest within the United States in counter - radicalization programs .
A wave of recent terrorism - related arrests has severely undermined the long - held assumption that American Muslims are immune to radicalization .
Events such as the arrest of five northern Virginia Muslims allegedly seeking terrorist training in Pakistan , the thwarting of three separate plots in New York , Texas , and Illinois this past September , the Fort Hood massacre , and federal charges against eight Somali - American men in Minnesota for crimes including fighting alongside the terrorist group al - Shabab have made this issue a top priority for U.S. law enforcement .
Having accepted that radicalization affects some small segments of the American Muslim population exactly like it affects some fringe pockets of the Muslim population of each European country , authorities have been looking for long - term solutions to the problem .
Potential U.S. counter - radicalization efforts are most likely to resemble the programs implemented in various European countries .
Over the last few years , Britain and the Netherlands have led the pack , investing significant human , financial , and political capital in their programs .
Initiatives include interfaith meetings , the creation of Muslim magazines and TV programs , government - sponsored lectures from moderate Muslim clerics , field trips to Auschwitz , professional development seminars , and soccer matches with police officers .
Most of these initiatives fall within the realm of radicalization prevention , but European authorities have also developed small deradicalization programs for individuals who have already been radicalized and , in some cases , have been involved in terrorist activities .
Everybody acknowledges that these programs are very much work in progress — novelties in need of constant assessment and improvement .
Nobody knows for sure the impact they have had so far .
There are nevertheless some lessons that U.S. authorities should keep in mind should they decide to launch their own full - fledged counter - radicalization program .
1 ) Know your client .
It is obvious , but it cannot be overstated :
No counter - radicalization program can be effective without a deep knowledge of the " targeted " community and the process that leads some in it to radicalize .
The American Muslim community , like that of most European countries , is extremely diverse .
Knowing the ethnic , sectarian , linguistic , social , and political lines that characterize this fragmentation is crucially important .
Moreover , as the case of Abdulmutallab proves , radicalization is a complex and highly individualized process .
The reasons that drive a suburban college student , a new convert , and an immigrant from an underprivileged neighborhood to embrace al Qaeda ’s ideology might be completely different .
Knowledge of radicalization patterns , no matter how unpredictable , is of paramount importance .
2) Be flexible .
No single approach will work in all cases and everywhere — and , in many cases , no solution at all will work .
What sways one individual might leave another unfazed .
Methods used in radicalization prevention might not be appropriate in deradicalization .
In some cases , intervening on socioeconomic factors might be enough ; some individuals who are only marginally involved in militancy might be deterred from further radicalization by getting help with school or a job .
In many other cases , however , it will be necessary to address ideological and theological aspects of the radicalization process , resorting to knowledgeable and charismatic figures who can engage the individual and challenge his ( or her ) worldview .
3 ) Set clear metrics .
It is imperative for a program to establish from day one what it seeks to achieve .
In particular , the program must determine whether it seeks to target simply violent individuals or , more broadly , the intellectual framework of radicalism that might ( or might not ) give rise to violent behavior .
On the one hand , it is evident that extremist ideas undermine social cohesion and can lead to violence .
On the other , most Western democracies lack the legal tools and the political will to engage in an all - out war of ideas , finding it easier to focus simply on violent extremism .
All European governments have been struggling to strike the right balance .
The British , who have traditionally identified " violent extremism " as the target of their efforts , are reassessing their goals , and the Home Office has recently stated that its aim is " not simply about tackling violent extremism " but " is also about tackling those who espouse extremist views that are inconsistent with our shared values . "
The Dutch , on the other hand , have traditionally identified radicalization more broadly as any rejection of democratic values , even if not accompanied by violence .
However , faced with myriad practical difficulties in developing programs to challenge nonviolent Islamism , Dutch authorities are increasingly focusing just on violent radicalization .
4 ) Choose many partners .
Working with the Muslim community is critical .
Yet , given its fragmentation and lack of unified leadership , finding partners is no easy endeavor .
Government cooperation with nonviolent Islamists , such as offshoots of the Muslim Brotherhood and political Salafi groups , is particularly controversial .
Robert Lambert , former head of the Muslim Contact Unit , Scotland Yard ’s pioneering division in charge of establishing ties with some of London ’s most radical subcommunities , advocates " police negotiation leading to partnership with Muslim groups conventionally deemed to be subversive to democracy . "
Lambert and others argue that nonviolent Islamists might have views that are intolerable , but possess the legitimacy and street credibility to convince radicals not to carry out acts of violence and are therefore necessary counterterrorism assets .
Critics of this approach argue that such partnerships ’ long - term repercussions on social cohesion and integration would be much greater than the yet - to - be - proven short - term gains that can be achieved in preventing acts of terrorism .
Both sides are correct , to some degree , making the choice of partners arguably the biggest challenge .
5 ) Work at the local level .
Europeans have learned that , though the central government can provide general guidelines and funds , actual counter - radicalization work is done at the local level .
Once instructed about the program ’s goals , municipalities , local police forces , and community organizations are the institutions that are in the best position to spot and address radicalization .
Of course , coordination of actors will be a particular challenge in the United States , given the overlap of jurisdiction between competing federal , state , and local authorities .
6 ) Trained personnel are key .
A network of competent law enforcement officials , social workers , teachers , and community leaders is considered the best front - line defense against radicalization .
Dutch authorities , for example , have conducted extensive training seminars for all professionals who could potentially be in contact with youths undergoing radicalization , explaining to them how to spot tell - tale signs and why it is important to refer cases to authorities .
Convincing them that monitoring radicalization is not a case of Big Brother but , rather , an effort in the youth ’s best interest , has been a key part of the endeavor .
7 ) Play down counterterrorism .
Throughout Europe , the pattern has been that linking these initiatives — be it a field trip or the construction of a youth center — to counterterrorism efforts prompts them to lose their appeal within the Muslim community , which feels stigmatized .
In Britain , rumors that the country ’s counter - radicalization initiatives are used to gather intelligence have led many Muslims to boycott the program .
In a nutshell , the security services have to be involved — but their visibility must be minimal .
8 ) Be open .
Consult with academics , civil liberties organizations — anybody with expertise .
Inform the public .
Get feedback from the Muslim community ( and not just its most vocal self - appointed leaders ) .
Look at other countries ’ experiences : Britain and the Netherlands have been the most active , but the Danes are following suit .
Germany , Norway , and Sweden have long - established and quite successful disengagement programs for neo -Nazis and are trying to apply the same tactics to jihadists .
The many anti-gang programs implemented in U.S. cities also might hold some useful tips .
9 ) Find ways to evaluate success and failure .
If a program successfully deradicalizes 99 committed jihadists , but then one reverts to terrorism , is the initiative a success or a failure ?
The success of radicalization prevention is even more challenging to assess because it requires planners to prove a negative : the number of individuals who did not become terrorists because of the programs .
Most results might take up to a generation to be seen , but that ’s not the time frame adopted by Western policymakers .
Finding ways to empirically measure results might be the only way to manage external expectations and maintain the program .
10 ) Have a thick skin .
Given the difficulty of measuring its success and the controversial actions that must be taken to implement it , a counter - radicalization program is likely to be the subject of widespread criticism .
The most immediate critics will include Islamists , conservatives , and civil libertarians .
Pretty much everybody else is likely to follow suit if an attack takes place .
Listen with an open mind to all constructive criticism but do not be paralyzed .
Policymakers must keep in mind that , despite all the mistakes they are bound to make and the setbacks they will experience , a counter - radicalization program is a necessary component of a comprehensive counterterrorism strategy .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Williams is pinning its hopes on an aggressive new aerodynamic package in a bid to return to winning ways this season .
Technical director Sam Michael told this week 's AUTOSPORT magazine that the team 's new car would not be a simple evolution of its 2009 design .
" The FW32 is a clean - sheet design from front to back , " he said .
" It 's pretty much brand new from an aerodynamic point of view . "
According to Michael , the radical new regulations for 2009 gave the Grove - based squad the opportunity to bridge the gap to the front - running teams , and he believes that Williams 's consistency last season is a strong platform to move forwards .
" The fact that we had a consistent car across all of the tracks in 2009 , and wiped out a lot of the vices that we had in the previous car , gives us confidence . "
Williams also believes in veteran Rubens Barrichello and GP2 champion Nico Hulkenberg the team has a strong driver line - up to help achieve its target of wins .
" Rubens is quite a demanding guy , in a positive way , because he wants to achieve things quickly , " explained Michael .
" He is unlikely to be around in five years ' time because of his age and has a sense of urgency about him . "
Hulkenberg is rated as one of the best young drivers around and , after two years at the Oxfordshire team as a test driver , is fully integrated .
Along with Barrichello , who pushed Jenson Button for the title last season , Michael believes the team has its best chance of re-establishing itself as a winning squad .
" The amount of pushing Nico is doing will be good for Rubens , " said Michael .
" Nico has been quick since he started at Williams and he 's been pushing himself very hard . "
Talk show host Conan O'Brien hosts the 54th annual Emmy Awards in Los Angeles September 22 , 2002 .
REUTERS / Adrees Latif
LOS ANGELES ( Hollywood Reporter ) - The Masturbating Bear is dead .
As a deal nears for Conan O’Brien ’s exit from NBC , one thing is certain :
The characters and recurring comedy bits O’Brien originated during his 16 - plus years on “ Late Night ” and “ The Tonight Show ” will not follow the host when he loses his coveted 11:35 p.m. slot to Jay Leno .
The network owns the intellectual property behind such popular O’Brien characters as Pimpbot 5000 and Conando , as well as recurring segments such as In the Year 3000 and Desk Driving .
Sources involved in the settlement negotiations say NBC is keeping the copyrighted and trademarked elements of O’Brien ’s shows as part of the deal .
That means the bits and characters will likely never be seen after O’Brien ’s “ Tonight ” ends its run January 22 .
It ’s unclear who controls Triumph the Insult Comic Dog , the crass canine puppet that is perhaps O’Brien ’s most popular recurring bit .
Triumph was originated by writer and longtime O’Brien pal Robert Smigel , whose representatives declined to comment on its ownership .
In 1993 , David Letterman got into a dustup with NBC when he departed “ Late Night ” for CBS ’ “ Late Show . ” NBC attorneys attempted to prevent Letterman from taking intellectual property originated on “ Late Night ” to the comic ’s new home .
Letterman responded by dropping certain bits and renaming other recurring segments -- “ Viewer Mail ” became “ CBS Mailbag ” and frequent guest Larry “ Bud ” Melman began referring to himself by his real name , Calvert DeForest .
Letterman mocked the dispute on his first “ Late Show ” when NBC anchor Tom Brokaw interrupted the monologue and stole cue cards in the name of securing NBC ’s intellectual property .
O’Brien , if he lands at another late - night show , might be in a tougher spot .
Unlike comic personalities Letterman and Leno , O’Brien began his career as a writer on “ Saturday Night Live ” and “ The Simpsons , ” and his shows relied more heavily on the cleverly scripted bits and outrageous characters .
Losing those assets could hurt O’Brien as he looks for another home , although his “ Tonight ” had featured fewer of the characters than “ Late Night ” and the host -- who is considered one of the top comedy writers in the business -- may be looking for a fresh start .
Sources close to him said he was not interested in taking his NBC characters with him .
Chronic fatigue syndrome ( CFS ) makes people angry .
Not so much the condition itself , which is associated with diffuse body pain , persistent tiredness and loss of concentration , but the science around it .
After an American team announced last year that they had found a novel virus in 68 of 101 CFS patients , a UK team just reported that they failed to find the virus in any of the 186 patients they studied .
Knives have already been drawn in the latest round of a long - running battle .
To understand why this is such an emotive issue , you need to get a handle on some key issues .
The first is that there is a heated debate as to the causes of the condition .
On one pole of the debate is a group , largely of people affected by the condition , who believe that the condition is entirely caused by a biological disruption to the body , most likely an unidentified viral infection .
On the other , is a group , largely consisting of researchers , who believe that there is a significant psychological component to the illness .
This is , of course , a bit of a simplification , but it broadly captures the two main sides of the debate and if you ’re not familiar with how high feelings run , let me give you an example .
I was contacted by one CFS researcher wanting a copy of a paper I wrote on extreme communities because their family was under police protection following death threats , subsequent to a public suggestion that psychology might play a part in the condition .
The emotion is fuelled by the common , insidious but wrong - headed notion that any condition that is influenced by mental states is not a ‘ real illness ’ and the widespread prejudice that individuals are more to blame for psychological problems because psychology is perceived as being just a matter of ‘ changing your mind ’ .
There is a mountain of research to show that both of these claims are plainly ridiculous and psychology is likely important in all illness , but perhaps the clearest example is the placebo effect .
You ca n’t just ‘ decide ’ to better but the placebo effect has been shown to improve the symptoms of almost any illness your care to think of , albeit to differing degrees .
But people affected by CFS are often on the sharp end of these prejudices and it is not uncommon that they have had the experience of someone telling them they are ‘ putting it on ’ or ‘ are n’t trying hard enough ’ .
When you are disabled to the point of immobilisation , this is pretty hard to take .
So it is not surprising that many are drawn to the exclusive ‘ viral infection ’ explanation , because it proves the idiots wrong , even if it does so using the opposite side of the same coin – prejudice about what constitute a ‘ real illness ’ .
Proponents of the idea that the condition is influenced by psychology , including beliefs about its effects , behaviour patterns and perceptions of how the body is reacting , note that numerous controlled studies have found that a psychological approach , in the form of a cognitive behavioural therapy ( CBT ) , is one of the most effective , if not the most effective treatment .
Despite this , it is often rated as one of the least preferred among patients groups .
Into this hot button debate steps an American team who found evidence for the little understood retrovirus XMRV in about two thirds of patients with CFS .
Proponents of the ‘ viral theory ’ rejoiced and the study made headline news around the world .
Considering the potential importance of the findings , a UK team then attempted to see if they could detect XMRV in British CFS patients .
It has widely been described as a ‘ replication ’ of the original study in the media , but it really is n’t , as the team used a different , although still reliable ways of looking for the virus , while attempting to make improvements in lab management to reduce the chances of cross contamination and detecting false positives .
They found nothing in any of the 186 patients they studied .
No sign of the virus at all .
The research was published in PLoS One and if you want a flavor of the feeling the research has generated , take a look at the ratings and comments on the article since it was published earlier today .
You can almost feel the anger simmering through .
From an outsider ’s perspective , it ’s interesting to see how CFS is considered by many to be a single condition that must have a single cause .
But in reality , the diagnosis is just made on a collection of symptoms – tiredness , pain , impaired mental abilities and so on .
These symptoms are interesting because they occur in a whole range of conditions : in diabetes , after concussion , after a viral infection , after any of stroke , brain injury or Parkinson ’s disease , alongside a range of mental illnesses , and so on .
In other words , there is unlikely to be a single cause for CFS , because the same symptoms can be caused by any number of underlying problems .
The reason that CFS is n’t diagnosed in all these other cases is because it is a diagnosis of exclusion – in other words , by definition , if you ca n’t find a clear cause , the symptoms are labelled as CFS .
However , it does n’t follow that all current cases of CFS will therefore by accounted by a single , currently unknown , problem .
I would n’t be surprised if some cases of CFS are triggered by an unknown viral infection , but to think that this is the sole explanation is likely to be missing the bigger picture .
Similarly , to deny a psychological component to any medical condition risks denying a useful tool to help those who need it most .
As an illustration , surgeons now widely recognise that psychological factors are essential to the long - term success of a transplant .
You would be hard pressed to find a more ‘ physical ’ condition and yet psychology plays a key role .
But to promote the importance of thinking about the role of our own minds in how disability affects us , be with transplants or CFS , we need to fight the prejudice associated with mental explanations .
Link to PubMed entry for US study on the XMRV virus and CFS .
Link to UK CFS study in PLoS One .
Full disclosure : I ’m an unpaid member of the PLoS One editorial board .
NewsAlert
Sign up for our NewsAlert service and have the latest news in astronomy and space e-mailed direct to your desktop .
Enter your e-mail address :
Privacy note : your e-mail address will not be used for any other purpose .
Daring asteroid probe on course to reach Earth in June
BY STEPHEN CLARK
SPACEFLIGHT NOW
Posted : January 11 , 2010
Japan 's gritty Hayabusa probe is n't the first mission to be called the little spacecraft that could , but the small robot is on the verge of concluding a remarkable journey through the cosmos .
Artist 's concept of Hayabusa visiting asteroid Itokawa .
Credit : JAXA
Running three years late after a harrowing fuel leak and cascading system failures , Hayabusa is on the home stretch of a remarkable seven - year journey through the solar system .
Hayabusa was primarily conceived as a demonstration mission to test satellite technologies , including an innovative and highly - efficient ion propulsion system that consumes xenon gas .
The mission 's secondary , but more visible , objective was to fly to an asteroid and scoop samples off its rocky surface for return to Earth .
Japanese space officials are expected to announce this week that the probe 's return to Earth is becoming more likely .
Hayabusa 's ion engines will put the craft on a path by about Wednesday to be captured by Earth 's gravitational pull sometime in June , according to mission officials .
" We think , as a technology demonstrator , Hayabusa has a big mission of accomplishing a round trip to asteroid , " said Junichiro Kawaguchi , Hayabusa 's project manager .
" And from that point of view , we are about to complete the mission . "
Kawaguchi is referring to the Hill sphere , the region of space where Earth 's gravity is the dominant force affecting nearby objects .
Earth 's
Hill sphere extends about 1.5 million kilometers , or 932,000 miles , in all directions from the planet .
Entering the Hill sphere does not mean Hayabusa is on course to intercept Earth .
Hayabusa 's sole operating ion engine will continue thrusting until March to guide the spacecraft on a razor - thin trajectory to release a hardened capsule for re-entry over Australia .
The rest of the refrigerator - sized probe will burn up in Earth 's atmosphere .
Officials wo n't reveal a specific date for the arrival , saying they wish to prepare for the recovery away from the glare of publicity .
Japan has a mixed history with robotic deep space missions , including the failed Nozomi mission to Mars and the ambitious and successful Kaguya probe that studied the moon .
The Nozomi mission was afflicted with problems similar to Hayabusa , and Japan maintained the probe could reach Mars until the spacecraft missed the Red Planet and flew into solar orbit in 2003 .
The Hayabusa spacecraft is now limping through space , propelled by a makeshift ion engine using components from two powerplants previously declared failed .
Ground teams rigged the new thrusting technique after Hayabusa 's last fully operational engine stopped working in November .
Hayabusa is also down to one reaction wheel to maintain the probe 's orientation in space .
The craft 's other two reaction wheels failed within two years of launch .
" We have devised a ( plan ) to lower the rotation speed and also relaxed torque level for Hayabusa , " Kawaguchi said .
" However , it is kind of a miracle that the wheel is still alive and available . "
Engineers are also worried that residual propellant from a 2005 fuel leak could still coat the spacecraft 's outer skin .
When Hayabusa travels closer to the sun as it approaches Earth , the fuel could heat up and evaporate , causing an " eruption " that may send the spacecraft in an out - of - control tumble , according to Kawaguchi .
Assuming Hayabusa survives those toils , the spacecraft 's return capsule must survive a fiery - hot re-entry into the atmosphere with a heat shield two years beyond its design life .
That 's because a series of problems after Hayabusa 's 2005 reconnaissance of asteroid Itokawa forced managers to postpone the probe 's return from 2007 until 2010 .
If Hayabusa successfully returns to Earth , Japanese engineers will have accomplished a feat unmatched by the world 's other space agencies -- the return of a spacecraft from the surface of an asteroid .
These images are from Hayabusa 's operations near asteroid Itokawa .
The spacecraft 's shadow is visible in the left image .
Credit : JAXA
Such an achievement was n't by design .
Hayabusa inadvertently spent about 30 minutes on the surface of Itokawa in November 2005 during a botched attempt to gather samples from its gravelly surface .
The sample collection system was designed to fire a projectile into the asteroid 's surface , breaking loose bits of rock and funneling the material into a chamber .
According to an analysis of telemetry recorded from the spacecraft , Hayabusa never fired a pellet during two sample collection attempts , deflating the hopes ot scientists .
Itokawa is a potato - shaped asteroid with a very low density .
Scientists describe such objects as rubble piles .
Kawaguchi said there is a low chance fine grains from Itokawa were transported into the collection chamber as Hayabusa bounced on the asteroid 's surface .
But there would be " no surprise " if the container is empty , Kawaguchi said .
Despite long odds , Hayabusa has overcome every obstacle thrown in its path since its launch in May 2003 .
Only five months stand between Hayabusa and history , but the mission 's toughest challenges may still be ahead .
Kawaguchi gives a 60 percent chance of Hayabusa completing its journey and returning its re-entry capsule to the ground , with or without a cache of precious samples .
Justice minister Maria Eagle has promised to reduce the number of prison places for women by 400 within two years as part of a drive to develop alternatives to jail .
A total of £ 15.6 m is being spent on expanding community sentences in order to provide a " tough and credible " alternative to short prison sentences for female offenders .
Eagle said today that a majority of women offenders had mental health or drug and alcohol problems , backgrounds of abuse or welfare concerns about their children that meant they were better dealt with outside prison .
The number of women in prison has already fallen from 4,398 a year ago to 4,277 last Friday .
But this is against a background in which the women 's jail population in England and Wales has risen by 60 % since 1995 .
" We have already made good progress in taking forward our strategy to divert women from crime .
Over the last two years I have ensured there is a specific push to direct resources to stop vulnerable women from becoming trapped in a cycle of crime , " said Eagle .
" Women 's offending is a complex phenomenon which burdens society , damages children and families and creates misery for the women themselves . "
The pledge to cut the number of prison places for women involves a reduction of 300 places by March 2011 and of 400 places by March 2012 .
As well as expanding the number of community punishment projects , the Ministry of Justice is to provide a further £ 5 m to be spent on expanding probation hostels for female offenders who are under supervision after release from prison and to keep out of prison those with high levels of needs .
The strategy will also see a new project starting next April under which family early intervention projects will specifically target a group of women with dependent children who are at risk of becoming involved in crime .
A Ministry of Justice report published today assessed the progress made since Baroness Corston 's 2007 report on the position of women in prison .
It said an impact was starting to be made on what were complex and deeply entrenched problems .
" We are implementing a strategy that is focused on making a difference for women within the criminal justice system .
" But we aspire to go further and make more widespread changes which will stop women getting into the system in the first place , " says the official assessment .
Glenn Beck decided to repeat his asking - black - conservatives - dumb - white - guy - questions show with a new round , this time evidently focused on Harry Reid 's remarks .
Unlike the last time , there were n't any open embarrassments , except for the moment when Beck agreed that poor people are " like a domesticated animal [ that ] never learns to hunt . "
But again , Beck hijacked the words of Martin Luther King Jr. He opened up the show with a King quote written on a chalkboard .
And it really is shameless .
Conservatives nowadays love to claim King as one of their own .
And it 's a complete joke -- because when King was alive , conservatives were the people he had to combat .
Rick Perlstein described this some time back :
When Martin Luther King was buried in Atlanta , the live television coverage lasted seven and a half hours .
President Johnson announced a national day of mourning : " Together , a nation united and a nation caring and a nation concerned and a nation that thinks more of the nation 's interests than we do of any individual self - interest or political interest -- that nation can and shall and will overcome . "
Richard Nixon called King " a great leader - - a man determined that the American Negro should win his rightful place alongside all others in our nation . "
Even one of King 's most beastly political enemies , Mississippi Representative William Colmer , chairman of the House rules committee , honored the president 's call to unity by terming the murder " a dastardly act . "
Others demurred .
South Carolina Senator Strom Thurmond wrote his constituents , " [ W ]e are now witnessing the whirlwind sowed years ago when some preachers and teachers began telling people that each man could be his own judge in his own case . "
Another , even more prominent conservative said it was just the sort of " great tragedy that began when we began compromising with law and order , and people started choosing which laws they 'd break . "
That was Ronald Reagan , the governor of California , arguing that King had it coming .
King was the man who taught people they could choose which laws they 'd break -- in his soaring exegesis on St. Thomas Aquinas from that Birmingham jail in 1963 : " Any law that uplifts human personality is just .
Any law that degrades human personality is unjust .
...
Thus it is that I can urge men to obey the 1954 decision of the Supreme Court , for it is morally right ; and I can urge them to disobey segregation ordinances , for they are morally wrong . "
That 's not what you hear from conservatives today , of course .
What you get now are convoluted and fantastical tributes arguing that , properly understood , Martin Luther King was actually one of them - - or would have been , had he lived .
But , if we are going to have a holiday to honor history , we might as well honor history .
We might as well recover the true story .
Conservatives -- both Democrats and Republicans -- hated King 's doctrines .
Hating them was one of the litmus tests of conservatism .
I lived in a conservative town in a conservative state at the time , and I remember how deeply and viscerally people hated Martin Luther King when he was alive .
And for years after his death , conservatives fought his legacy .
They opposed a national holiday in his honor ( Jesse Helms , that conservative icon , launched a filibuster against the proposal ) .
Even today , many conservatives believe the old Bircherite smears that King was a Communist .
I thought Beck had a phobia about Communists .
After all , the allegations that King had " Communist ties " are about as well grounded as Beck 's own charges that Van Jones was a " self - proclaimed Communist . "
But I guess when they make for handy stage props for phony discussions about race with a carefully selected audience -- shows which rapidly devolve into whinefests by black conservatives about being pegged as sellouts -- he 'll look the other way .
Now , I dunno about sellouts .
But anyone who thinks " conservative values " were anything but a hindrance to the black community for most of this country 's history is just plain ignorant .
Especially if you know anything about what Martin Luther King Jr. actually stood for when he was alive -- and who his enemies were .
They were conservatives .
And for them to try to claim his mantle now is a travesty and a joke .
“ I do n’t want no crocodiles … ”
~ Gayla Peevey , “ I Want a Hippopotamus for Christmas ”
And here they are !
One of the primary “ bad guys ” for our Heropotamus , the stealthy ( mostly ) , cunning ( kinda ) and gullible ( definitely ) NINJADILES !
I ’m gonna have fun with these guys 😀
I ’ve begun adding designs to a On - Demand store ( Take a peek here ) eventually I ’ll be adding more ( if there ’s anything specific you ’d like to see , let me know ! )
For its 75th anniversary , Monopoly 's getting a massive update , pitting brazen and new against proven and old : Circular board or quadrilateral ?
Cash currency or fake credit cards ?
This is the stuff of ruined relationships .
Advertisement
In the monopoly wars , I 'm imagining there will be two camps , not four .
there will be people who are OK with the circular board and the switch to digital currency , and people who are fine with neither — the purists and the pragmatists .
There will be a middle ground in this fight , but it will be drenched in blood .
I think I might be one of the purists .
I get that the new design makes a bit more sense , and that giving players credit cards is less trouble than managing a bank full of cash .
But you know what would be even less trouble ?
A video game .
Advertisement
Monopoly Revolution will be out in Fall , for $ 35 .
And do n't worry — you 'll still be able to find old - style boards , too .
We are a diverse legal team with years of courtroom experience , both state and federal .
We are experienced in the preparation and presentation of a wide variety of cases , and we handle all appeals .
We ’re also a law firm with a distinct personality .
We keep a positive , upbeat , and relaxed perspective while remaining passionate about the law and driven to explore every angle of a legal position .
We truly love what we do , so going the extra mile for our clients comes naturally .
Our practice is unique in that it is both a civil and criminal practice .
It is , however , based on our ability to create a positive connection with jurors whether they are hearing a civil or criminal case .
Although our practice has increasingly been devoted to criminal cases , we have steadfastly continued to represent people in civil cases because we believe in and enjoy the work .
For the last several years , our practice has been comprised of approximately 80 percent criminal defense and 20 percent civil litigation representation .
We love the variety and believe that the eclectic nature of our trial practice actually reinforces our ability to be of help to a broad cross-section of individuals and companies .
Bush administration officials came up with all kinds of ridiculously offensive rationalizations for torturing prisoners .
It ’s not torture if you do n’t mean it to be .
It ’s not torture if you do n’t nearly kill the victim .
It ’s not torture if the president says it ’s not torture .
It was deeply distressing to watch the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit sink to that standard in April when it dismissed a civil case brought by four former Guantánamo detainees never charged with any offense .
The court said former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and the senior military officers charged in the complaint could not be held responsible for violating the plaintiffs ’ rights because at the time of their detention , between 2002 and 2004 , it was not “ clearly established ” that torture was illegal .
The Supreme Court could have corrected that outlandish reading of the Constitution , legal precedent , and domestic and international statutes and treaties .
Instead , last month , the justices abdicated their legal and moral duty and declined to review the case .
A denial of certiorari is not a ruling on the merits .
But the justices surely understood that their failure to accept the case would further undermine the rule of law .
The disputed sea border has been a constant source of tension North and South Korea have exchanged fire close to their disputed maritime border , say reports .
North Korea twice fired artillery shells into the sea off the South 's western coast , said South Korean media .
South Korean coastal bases responded to the first volley with warning shots , but no injuries were reported .
The North said the firing had been part of an annual military drill and firing would continue , but Seoul said the action was " provocative " .
It came after North Korea declared a no-sail zone in waters off its coast on Tuesday , media reports say .
The North fired into waters near the border just after 0900 local time ( 2400 GMT ) , a spokesman for South Korea 's Joint Chiefs of Staff told the AFP news agency .
" Our military immediately fired back in response , " a Seoul presidential official said , on condition of anonymity .
He said the North 's initial artillery rounds landed north of the sea border , while Seoul 's forces fired at the rounds while they were in the air , AFP reports .
A statement carried by the official North Korean Central News Agency says its drills " will go on in the same waters in the future , too " .
Constant tension
Just hours after the initial exchange , reports from South Korea said that the North had fired more shells in the direction of the disputed border .
It is not clear where they landed .
South Korea officials said the exchange caused no casualties or damage .
ANALYSIS John Sudworth , BBC News , Seoul
As the first 30 or so North Korean shells splashed down into the Yellow Sea , the plumes of water were close enough to have been visible from South Korea 's coastal gun positions .
South Koreans live with the knowledge that the North has thousands of artillery pieces along the border that could destroy much of Seoul in a matter of hours .
But this incident is being seen as a crude piece of military diplomacy rather than a direct threat , another example of the North 's strategy of escalating tension to strengthen its negotiating hand .
The defence ministry in Seoul said the North had " committed a gravely provocative act " by declaring the no-sail zones in the region .
" We expressed grave concerns over the North 's threatening behaviour and demanded an immediate halt to all such activities , " AFP quoted the ministry as saying .
" The military will strongly react to any provocative acts by the North and all the responsibility for consequences will rest with the Northern side . "
The western sea border is a constant source of military tension between the two Koreas .
There have been three deadly exchanges between the two Koreas along the sea border in the past decade .
In the most recent incident , last November , their navies fought a brief gun battle that left one North Korean sailor dead and three others wounded .
The BBC's John Sudworth in Seoul says the latest incident is being seen as an attempt by North Korea to increase tension in order to gain diplomatic concessions .
South Korea recognises the Northern Limit Line , drawn unilaterally to by the US - led United Nations Command to demarcate the seas border at the end of the 1950 - 53 Korean War .
The line has never been accepted by North Korea .
Relations between the two Koreas have fluctuated in recent months .
Talks about their jointly - run Kaesong industrial estate closed without agreement on 21 January .
The attempt at dialogue took place amid fresh tensions apparently provoked by a South Korean think tank 's analysis of a likely military coup or mass uprising in the North when the North 's leader Kim Jong - il dies .
North Korea did recently accept a small amount of aid from South Korea however .
The US , China , Russia , Japan and South Korea speak regularly of their hopes that North Korea will rejoin international talks about ending its nuclear programme .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The LHC enters a new phase After achieving the world record energy of 1.18 TeV per proton beam last November , the LHC is now preparing for higher energy and luminosity .
The teams are working in the tunnel to improve the electrical reliability of the magnet protection system .
The teams are working in the tunnel to improve the electrical reliability of the magnet protection system .
The main work is taking place on the new quench protection system ( nQPS ) where teams are improving the electrical reliability of the connection between the
The interventions on the nQPS follow a very strict procedure that ensures an extremely accurate quality control of the repairs : after repairing the electrical connections , specialized teams make a first visual control to check that everything is properly assembled ; after that , the Electrical Quality Assurance ( ELQA ) team performs the high voltage tests ; finally , the Hardware Commissioning teams power the magnets , initially with low current and finally at 6 kAmps .
Several teams are taking advantage of the technical stop to carry on other technical verifications and efficiency tests , for instance on some vacuum pumping units , the kicker system , the Oxygen Deficiency Hazard detectors , some ventilation components and a few others .
At present , all teams are on schedule : the powering tests have just started in Sectors 8 - 1 and 1 - 2 ; Sectors 2 - 3 , 3 - 4 and 4 - 5 will follow shortly .
According to the planning Sector 1 - 2 will be the first sector ready for beam operation by the end of January .
At the same time as the LHC interventions , repairs are going on at CMS on the water cooling system .
All work , both in the LHC and in the CMS experiment , is expected to be completed by mid-February .
Before the 2009 running period began , all the necessary preparations to run the LHC at the collision energy of 1.18 TeV per beam had been carried out .
The goal of the technical stop , which will end mid-February , is to prepare the machine for running at 3.5 TeV per beam .
In order to achieve that , a current as high as 6 kAmps will have to flow into the LHC magnets .
The main work is taking place on the new quench protection system ( nQPS ) where teams are improving the electrical reliability of the connection between the Instrumentation Feedthrough Systems ( IFS ) on the magnets and the nQPS equipment .
There are around 500 of these connectors for each of the eight sectors in the LHC that need to be repaired .
These operations are necessary to ensure that higher currents can be safely handled .
The interventions on the nQPS follow a very strict procedure that ensures an extremely accurate quality control of the repairs : after repairing the electrical connections , specialized teams make a first visual control to check that everything is properly assembled ; after that , the Electrical Quality Assurance ( ELQA ) team performs the high voltage tests ; finally , the Hardware Commissioning teams power the magnets , initially with low current and finally at 6 kAmps .
Several teams are taking advantage of the technical stop to carry on other technical verifications and efficiency tests , for instance on some vacuum pumping units , the kicker system , the Oxygen Deficiency Hazard detectors , some ventilation components and a few others .
At present , all teams are on schedule : the powering tests have just started in Sectors 8 - 1 and 1 - 2 ; Sectors 2 - 3 , 3 - 4 and 4 - 5 will follow shortly .
According to the planning Sector 1 - 2 will be the first sector ready for beam operation by the end of January .
At the same time as the LHC interventions , repairs are going on at CMS on the water cooling system .
All work , both in the LHC and in the CMS experiment , is expected to be completed by mid-February .
Watch the video :
Watch the video : by CERN Bulletin
Reddit Email 0 Shares
We live in an even more regimented society than the 1950s and early 1960s .
We live in a society where protests can be confined to ‘ protest zones , ’ where peaceful protest or critical comment can place activists and journalists on a no- fly list ( while the authorities still seem routinely to overlook actual terrorists ) , where our electronic mail is routinely snooped into by agents of the federal government , where civil disobedience is being redefined as material support to terrorism .
On the occasion of Martin Luther King Day , it is worth remembering Dr. King ’s speech at Western Michigan University on December 18 , 1963 , in which he called for an international society of misfits who would dare challenge the injustices in the prevailing order .
The passage quoted below is about conformism and about the attempt of Establishment social scientists to create conformism as the social norm ( a tendency that went further in the Soviet Union but was also present in the US ) .
Today , we are told by the Republican minority that is holding the country hostage in the Senate that we are maladjusted if we object to 37 million Americans not being covered by health care .
We are maladjusted if we want to see banks regulated .
We are maladjusted if we want a graduated income tax so that the richest , with their billions in bonuses , pay more for government social services from which they and their corporations benefit .
We are maladjusted if we object to escalating the war in Afghanistan or to covert drone assassinations in Pakistan or to starting a whole new war in Yemen .
We are maladjusted if we object to racially profiling Arabs and Arab - Americans .
We are maladjusted if we object to mountain top removal coal mining , or , indeed , if we object to destroying the world with the burning of coal in general .
We are maladjusted if we wo n’t disfigure our shorelines with oil rigs .
We are maladjusted if we support choice for women or marriage for gays .
( It is not that Dr. King , a man of his own era , would have necessarily supported all these causes in his own day , but that they are causes analagous to and growing out of the ones he did embrace ) .
We honor today a man who repeatedly broke the law .
Who conspired to break the law .
Who put tens of thousands of people up to breaking the law .
He broke the law while adhering to the principle of active non-violence , of loving the jailer and winning over the persecutor .
He broke laws that he saw as unjust and unconstitutional , and over time he redefined them as illegitimate by his passionate advocacy .
We honor a man from a different age , when Americans seemed to care about social injustice enough to come out into the streets and risk police dogs , tear gas , and imprisonment .
When depression came from being unable to ensure that no American child went to bed hungry , not from being unable to stay in Avatar - world .
Those in King ’s tradition stand on the verge of being routed , on health care , the environment , bank regulation , abolition of the ‘ PATRIOT ’ acts assaults on the constitution , and the rendering of warfare a permanent institution in American life , like interstate highways and social security .
If we are routed , will we effectively protest ?
Will there be consequences for the insurance companies , the arms dealers , the warmongering ‘ think tanks , ’ the advertisers , the lobbyists who mobilized to preserve the unjust old order ?
Or in today ’s world is it enough to put up a facebook page and text a dollar to our favorite causes ?
Is that the kind of thing that would have satisfied Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. ?
This is what , among other things , Dr. King said here in Michigan a little over 46 years ago :
‘ There are certain technical words within every academic discipline that soon become stereotypes and cliches .
Modern psychology has a word that is probably used more than any other word in modern psychology .
It is the word “ maladjusted . ”
This word is the ringing cry to modern child psychology .
Certainly , we all want to avoid the maladjusted life .
In order to have real adjustment within our personalities , we all want the well - adjusted life in order to avoid neurosis , schizophrenic personalities .
But I say to you , my friends , as I move to my conclusion , there are certain things in our nation and in the world which I am proud to be maladjusted and which I hope all men of good - will will be maladjusted until the good societies realize .
I say very honestly that I never intend to become adjusted to segregation and discrimination .
I never intend to become adjusted to religious bigotry .
I never intend to adjust myself to economic conditions that will take necessities from the many to give luxuries to the few .
I never intend to adjust myself to the madness of militarism , to self - defeating effects of physical violence .
But in a day when sputniks and explorers are dashing through outer space and guided ballistic missiles are carving highways of death through the stratosphere , no nation can win a war .
It is no longer the choice between violence and nonviolence .
It is either nonviolence or nonexistence , and the alternative to disarmament .
The alternative to absolute suspension of nuclear tests .
The alternative to strengthening the United Nations and thereby disarming the whole world may well be a civilization plunged into the abyss of annihilation .
This is why I welcome the recent test - ban treaty .
In other words , I ’m about convinced now that there is need for a new organization in our world .
The International Association for the Advancement of Creative Maladjustment–men and women who will be as maladjusted as the prophet Amos .
Who in the midst of the injustices of his day could cry out in words that echo across the centuries , “ Let justice roll down like waters and righteousness like a mighty stream . ’
End / ( Not Continued ) \
A policeman who wore his hair in a modest Mohican style should have been allowed to work on the streets , a police appeal committee said on Tuesday .
The case was brought by a 28 - year - old police officer in Rotterdam who was confined to desk duties in 2006 for having a 3 cm longer strip of hair running down the centre of his head .
His superiors said the Mohican made him look like a supporter of far right political views .
The police officer is no longer with the force and works as a private security guard , news agency ANP said .
Transcript
PI : " Hyperspace death - ray " is completely logical !
Credomar was built before teraports , and is too big for wormgates .
That means it had to be fired where it was built .
PI : Now ... since it's not sharing the system with anything worth attacking or defending , it was never meant to be fired at local targets .
EBBIRNOTH : Okay ...
I guess firing through hyperspace makes sense , assuming it 's even possible .
EBBIRNOTH : But ... " death - ray ? "
PI : It sure is n't gonna launch prayer beads .
Warning : mysqli_query ( ) : ( HY000 /1030 ) : Got error 28 from storage engine in /home / sportsun/ public_html/wp-includes/wp-db.php on line 1942
Two of my picks for the 5 best fights left in 2009 will take place this Saturday at UFC 107 .
Our free picks will be posted soon , but for now we look at the main event : Diego Sanchez vs. B.J. Penn .
B.J. is 14 - 5 - 1. Diego is 21 - 2 . As far as common opponents go , they ’ve both beaten Kenny Florian and Joe Stevenson .
B.J. submitted Stevenson while Diego won via unanimous decision .
B.J. beat up Florian and then submitted him at UFC 101 .
Diego beat Florian via TKO at The Ultimate Finale 1 back in 2005 .
B.J. ’s losses are to some big names .
He ’s lost to Matt Hughes when Hughes was a killer , Jens Pulver when L’il Evil was on top , twice to GSP , and once to Machida in K - 1 . Diego has lost to Fitch and Koscheck .
So how ’s it going to go ?
Sanchez is considerably stronger than he was in the past and he is built to go the distance .
B.J. has proven that his endurance and desire are strong , something that was questioned in the past .
He ’s also been unbeatable at 155 lbs .
Diego has lost 2 decisions .
He ’s never been submitted .
Never been knocked out .
Diego will survive all that B.J. throws at him .
Then Diego Sanchez is going to rock B.J. Penn and hurt him .
And the UFC will have a new lightweight champion .
Diego Sanchez by KO / TKO in round 3 . Believe it .
In a busy week for the Chilcot inquiry and with an election campaign looming , you might think the prime minister would have more to worry about than the nation 's vegetables .
Since the food price spikes of two and a half years ago , however , Gordon Brown has been known to keep a close eye on the country 's shopping baskets , and on Monday morning root veg took its place alongside the prime minister 's presentation of his election campaign team .
Carrots and some green vegetables might run out because of the snow , Downing street was warned .
There were also problems with the national supply of milk .
Just a week after the publication of the government 's report on UK food security , the record cold snap brought the fragility of our hi-tech food system into sharp focus .
By today , as the ice continued its rapid thaw , it was clear that the system had held – just – but the cracks bad weather could cause had been exposed and the disputes about whether the powerful retailers or the farmers at the bottom of the chain should pick up the bill were beginning .
About 80 % of all supermarket supplies of carrots now come from just 10 major packers in East Anglia , Scotland and the north of England .
At this time of year , more than half the carrots the UK eats have to make their way from north - east Scotland , where the fields over the past fortnight have been frozen , to centralised distribution depots and back out again to stores .
The UK's milk supply has become very concentrated too : some 60 % of our fresh milk has to travel from farms around the country to six locations for processing before being trucked back hundreds of miles up and down icy motorways to customers .
In Inverness - shire this week , one of the largest suppliers of organic carrots to the big retailers and a key Tesco contractor , Tio Ltd , battled the elements to get each day 's supermarket orders out " by the skin of our teeth " , according to senior manager Stephen Ryan .
Whereas in the recent past the carrot harvest would have been lifted at the end of the autumn and stored , now the carrots are kept in the fields through the winter , covered with thick layers of straw and dug up just in time to meet supermarket orders day by day , Ryan said .
" They 've got 2ft of snow on top of them and it 's taking twice as long to harvest them , " Ryan said .
" It 's a challenge to keep the water in the factory flowing to wash them with temperatures of minus 12 degrees .
We 've had lots of breakdowns . "
A mixture of panic buying and demand for warming meals saw orders double just when conditions were harshest .
The company brought in 25 agency workers and ran extra night and weekend shifts to cope .
" We 've managed to get all the deliveries to the depots , though some have been running hours late .
There 's not as much slack in the system as there used to be , especially from Scotland , because the distances things have to travel are so big , " Ryan said .
The thaw promises to bring just as many problems with harvesting as fields become waterlogged .
In East Anglia , growers have also had to throw labour at the problems to keep up .
Sarah Pettitt , chair of the National Farmers ' Union board of horticultural growers , estimates that her brassica company has seen a 100 % increase in its costs in the cold weather , like most other vegetable growers she knows .
For two weeks , Pettitt 's broccoli could not be lifted .
Extra workers , mainly Lithuanian and Bulgarian migrants , have been needed across East Anglia to harvest in snow - covered fields where mechanical harvesters have been unable to work , and to run thawing lines in packhouses .
Extra shifts have been on grading machines to pick out damaged and rotten vegetables .
She said there was " absolute frustration " among producers that the costs of keeping supply lines going were not being shared by supermarkets , which set prices up to a year in advance .
" We 've been blowing our brains out to keep continuity of supply to them , but there 's no suggestion that the costs will be repaid .
Bring on the supermarket ombudsman . "
Asda 's main carrot supplier , MH Poskitt , in Yorkshire , also reported " huge operational difficulties " .
It managed to keep up , but with a 40 % increase in labour costs , most of which it expected to absorb itself .
" You have to take the rough with the smooth – it's a long - term , very good relationship with the retailers , " Guy Poskitt said .
" Transport has been very tough , " he added .
" We 've all become a bit complacent because we have n't seen weather like this for a long time . "
For the dairy sector , which has seen many farmers giving up their herds in the face of persistently low supermarket prices , losses resulting from the weather have been a particularly hard blow .
Nick Tyler , a large - scale dairy farmer with 600 cows in Wiltshire , lost £ 11,000 - worth of milk last week when the processor 's tanker failed to turn up and he was forced to throw it away .
He is contracted to Dairy Crest , one of the big processors for the supermarkets , which in turn contracts its haulage to Wincanton .
" They did n't even phone , they just did n't turn up , " Tyler said .
" We 'd salted the road to the dairy , and the feed lorries managed to get in , but they did n't come to collect . "
He woke to face four to five inches of fresh snow on Wednesday and a fight to work out which of the companies , if either , would pay .
His local supermarket , meanwhile , was repeatedly out of milk and rationing customers to one loaf of bread .
The structure of today 's milk industry has made it more vulnerable to bad weather .
The milk travels further to fewer , larger processors , which use larger articulated lorries that are less able to cope with even a slight deterioration in weather than the smaller tankers the Milk Marketing Board used to operate .
" It can be mayhem even when conditions are n't really that bad , " Tyler said .
Huw Bowles , director of the organic co-operative OMSCO , agrees .
" Forty years ago milk was processed closer to where it was produced and delivered back to the same area . "
The drive to make industry logistics as economically efficient as possible has also removed any slack .
OMSCO has cut the cost of collection by 30 % in recent years with these efficiencies but at the price of less resilience .
" There are no spare vehicles any more .
If the driving speeds are reduced by just 10 mph on a nine - hour shift because of snow , they just can't get round the whole collection ; the whole route is affected , " Bowles explained .
The lack of collection has hit Liz and Chris Best , organic dairy farmers in the Cotswolds : " The yard 's been freezing , you start at 5.30 am and go right through to 8 pm at night before you 've finished , checking water for the cows , defrosting machinery .
You clear your driveway so the tanker can get to you and then you wait .
Then you get a call saying , sorry he can't come , and you 've got to throw everything away before you start milking again in the afternoon .
It does n't feel right , " Liz Best said .
Sir Don Curry , formerly the government 's top adviser on ­sustainable farming and now the chair of the Better Regulation Executive , hopes that the strain a couple of weeks of cold weather can inflict on the food system will give greater urgency to calls to make it more sustainable .
" Most retailers have adopted a just - in - time supply chain , so there is not a lot of slack , " he said .
" They allow for some variation , but three to four weeks of difficult weather , and suddenly supplies are under threat .
That ought to be an early warning for government and the industry .
Disruptions to supply are a serious risk and they need to build a cushion . "
This week the government finally announced its delayed decision to set up an ombudsman to tackle abuses of power in the supermarket chain .
However , the structure and scope of the new ombudsman 's office is to be the subject of further consultation .
Wandering Ecologies , Weiss / Manfredi‘s design proposal for Toronto ’s Lower Don Lands , has won the American Architecture Award .
The design renaturalizes the Lower Don River and establishes a new identity for Toronto , where recreational , cultural , and residential activities are free to wander and overlap , creating a new model for sustainable waterfront expansion on the eastern edge of the city .
Click above image to enlarge
Award - winning concept for the revitalization of Toronto ’s Lower Don Lands : Wandering Ecologies by Weiss / Manfredi
Urban life and nature are conceived as reciprocal conditions that together will reclaim infrastructure and transform Toronto ’s Lower Don Lands into a new cultural and ecological paradigm .
The essence and potential of Toronto ’s Lower Don Lands will celebrate multiple ecologies : city and water , infrastructure and landscape , destination and retreat .
Click above image to enlarge
Close - up of the proposed site concept
Click above image to enlarge
Current situation of the site
Click above image to enlarge
Site plan
Click above image to enlarge
Artist impression of the proposed concept
Click above image to enlarge
Artist impression of the proposed concept
Click above image to enlarge
Artist impression of the proposed concept
Click above image to enlarge
Artist impression of the proposed concept
The 2009 American Architecture Awards recognize distinguished projects designed and built in the United States by leading American and international architecture firms .
Established in the 1990s by The Chicago Athenaeum : Museum of Architecture and Design , together with The European Centre for Architecture Art Design and Urban Studies and Metropolitan Arts Press Ltd , the awards program honors and celebrates the most outstanding new achievements and innovations for new architecture .
Click above image to enlarge
Landscape diagram
Click above image to enlarge
Main concept goals of Wandering Ecologies
Project Details :
Client : Toronto Waterfront Revitalization Corporation , City of Toronto
Weiss / Manfredi Team : Marion Weiss and Michael A. Manfredi ( Design Partners ) ; Todd Hoehn ( Project Architect ) ; Patrick Armacost ( Manager ) ; Cheryl Baxter , Beatrice Eleazar , Hamilton Hadden , Justin Kwok , Lee Lim , Sun Na , Yehre Suh
Landscape Architecture Consultants : du Toit Allsopp Hillier ( DTAH )
Structural Engineering Consultant : Weidlinger Associates Traffic , Structural and Civil Engineers : McCormick Rankin Corporation ( MRC )
Ecology Restoration / Regenerative Design Consultants : Biohabitats
Hydrology , Geotechnical and Shoreline Engineer Consultants : Golder Associates LTD
Owner ’s Representatives : Chris Glaisek , TWRC
Images : Weiss / Manfredi
" I want you to tell the ladies and gentlemen of the jury whether or not aborting three fetuses is more traumatic than giving a man a massage in the nude ? " a lawyer for Jeffrey Epstein asked one alleged victim .
Advertisement
The attorney was attempting to discredit the woman 's charge that she had been suffered emotional distress from her contact with his client .
She reluctantly said the abortions had been more traumatic , according to the Palm Beach Post .
And now a Palm Beach judge has ruled that the line of questioning should be enabled with the opening of the plaintiffs ' medical records .
Epstein , a financier who lived in New York and Palm Beach , served 13 months of an 18 month sentence , having pled guilty to two state charges : procuring a minor for prostitution and soliciting prostitution .
That was despite an investigation by the Palm Beach police department that turned up shocking stories of Epstein paying girls as young as 14 for nude massages and , it was alleged , sexually assaulting some of them .
A report in The New York Times suggested Epstein 's massive fortune and legal team that included Kenneth Starr and Alan M. Dershowitz had something to do with his abbreviated jail time .
Advertisement
Know Your Perverted Billionaires : Jeffrey Epstein Edition Yesterday , the ugly truth came out : billionaires are twat hounds .
Not all billionaires , that is , … Read more
Now several of the women involved are suing Epstein in civil procedures .
That 's where their personal medical histories come in — because Epstein 's lawyers are dragging them in .
From The Palm Beach Post :
Palm Beach County Circuit Judge Donald Hafele said the records could help Epstein refute the women 's claims that they suffered psychological ills after being paid to give him sexually - charged massages at his Palm Beach mansion when they were as young as 14 .
Hafele told Epstein 's attorneys they could n't go on a fishing expedition .
The medical records , he said , ca n't be sought until the women are asked whether they have ever had an abortion , how many and where .
Further , he said , the records would n't be made public and may not be admissible during trial .
But , he said , since the women claim Epstein , now 57 , is responsible for their emotional distress , his attorneys can explore the impacts of other events .
Medical records ,
Hafele said , are a better source of information than a person 's memory .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
It 's hard to imagine that privacy advocates will take this one lying down .
One attorney , for a West Palm Beach clinic where abortions are performed , already " warned Hafele that he was stepping on shaky constitutional grounds . "
He was referring to the Florida Constitution , the paper says .
We 'll keep you updated .
Judge : Multi-millionaire Epstein Can Subpoena Abortion Records Of Women Suing Him [ Palm Beach Post ]
Related : Billionaire In Palm Beach Sex Scandal [ The Smoking Gun ]
Financier Starts Sentence In Prostitution Case [ NYT ]
What will health - care reform cost ?
This question has become the obsession distracting us from the moral imperative to provide health care to all Americans .
The richest , most powerful , most amazing nation in the world should treat its citizens who fall ill better than some broken Third World country .
If we can afford to try to rebuild Afghanistan with little hope of success , then arguing about paying for Americans to have health coverage seems petty .
Yet no topic has gotten more ink during the health - care debate than cost .
Just like the Iraq war debate where everyone was up in arms about how it was going to cost us billions of dollars a year .
. . .
Oh , wait — that never happened .
Why ?
Because the people who supported the war — at the time the majority of Americans and Congress members — believed that our very lives were at risk and that invading Iraq was imperative to protecting American lives .
Anyone suggesting that we should consider costs is met with complete derision .
Cost does n’t matter when Ameri can lives are at stake , was the mantra .
I actually agree with that sentiment .
I just did n’t agree that Saddam Hussein posed a threat to America .
But now there is extensive empirical evidence that tens of thousands of Americans lose their lives each year from lack of health insurance — yet all we hear is whining about the cost .
You think I ’m exaggerating ?
The nonpartisan Institute of Medicine , the health arm of the National Academy of Sciences , estimated in 2002 — when fewer Americans were uninsured than are today — that 18,000 adults age 25 - 64 died in 2000 because they were uninsured .
Based on the IOM ’s methodology and later Census Bureau estimates of insurance coverage , the Urban Institute finds that from 2000 to 2006 , 137,000 people died due to lack of health insurance — 22,000 in 2006 alone .
A Harvard study published in the November issue of Archives of Surgery found that uninsured patients with traumatic injuries ( like car crashes , falls and gunshot wounds ) were almost twice as likely to die in the hospital as similarly injured patients with health insurance .
Elmer Huerta , oncologist and the president of the American Cancer Society , says the uninsured are twice as likely as the insured to have advanced cancer when they first see a doctor .
And if you do n’t catch cancer early , things rarely turn out well .
The Bush administration felt no compunction about brushing off the rare inquiries about the potential expense of the Iraq war with vague comments about Iraqi oil revenues covering the cost .
Instead of getting mired in a losing argument , it focused on the big picture : Americans will die if we do n’t do something about Saddam .
But when it comes to health - care reform , Democrats and the Obama administration have ignored the big picture : Americans will die if we do n’t provide universal health insurance .
Instead , they ’ve tried to sell a skeptical public on the idea that providing tens of millions of more Americans with health care is going to decrease health - care costs .
Nobody buys it ; nor should they .
It ’s malarkey — an insulting argument and just one of many reasons American ’s have so little appetite for ObamaCare .
Yes , when the process began there were some legitimate cost - cutting measures on the table , but those have all been long since abandoned after the Dems were bizarrely blindsided by predictable attacks about President Obama turning the US socialist .
A robust public option and the bundling of payments to doctors and hospitals ( thereby forcing them to streamline care ) are being ditched in the name of “ bipartisanship . ”
The plan to tax so - called “ Cadillac health plans ” has remained intact — but , sorry , raising taxes does n’t equal cost-cutting .
Making cost the central issue also puts the whole effort on a perpetual roller coaster tied to Congressional Budget Office estimates .
The proof is in the pudding : A CNN / Opinion Research poll released Thursday found that 79 percent believe health - care reform will increase the deficit and 85 percent think their taxes would rise if the Senate bill become law .
Obama has said that he thinks that reforming health care is an “ economic and moral imperative . ”
Unfortunately , those imperatives have been drowned out by talk of cost curves .
Reformers missed the opportunity to call Americans to join together for the good of the nation .
kirstenpowers@aol.com
The trial of OiNK administrator Alan Ellis is underway .
Yesterday the jury was picked and today it was revealed that Ellis had gathered $ 300,000 in several Paypal accounts over the years , allegedly gleaned from site donations .
The jury of twelve has been warned not to do any independent research on the Internet .
Yesterday , the OiNK trial continued with the selection of a jury consisting of 10 men and two women .
Beforehand they were all asked whether they were familiar with the OiNK BitTorrent tracker , if they held any special interest in protecting copyright holders or had any connections with anti-piracy groups .
The jurors were further warned by Judge Briggs not to Google for OiNK or do any other form of research on the Internet .
This might be a good suggestion , as many of the mainstream press reports thus far have been littered with inaccuracies .
Even the BBC report the site was free to join , but in the very next sentence say it cost £ 5 .
In another article they report it cost $ 5 .
“ It would be most unfortunate if any of you did any private research on the internet relating to this matter .
Please don’t , ” said Briggs .
“ It ’s only likely to cause difficulties and could in theory abort the trial .
So , ladies and gentlemen , no independent research . ”
Judge Briggs told the jurors that the defendant , OiNK admin Alan Ellis , is charged with an offence of conspiracy to defraud .
“ Put very simply it is suggested he was involved in a website that was used to distribute sound recordings and things of that nature in breach of copyright , ” he said .
Ellis denies the charge that he “ conspired with others unknown ” to defraud the music industry .
Today the trial continued and the jury was told by the prosecution that the OiNK tracker facilitated 21 million downloads .
Ellis , who accepted donations from members , had gathered almost $ 300,000 ( £ 190,000 ) in several PayPal accounts over the years , money that allegedly came from donations .
“ Every penny was going to Mr Ellis , ” said Peter Makepeace , prosecuting .
“ He had n’t sung a note , he had n’t played an instrument , he had n’t produced anything .
The money was not going to the people it rightly belonged to , it was going to Mr Ellis . ”
The prosecution failed to mention that the money was used by Ellis to pay for the servers and hosting , which probably cost him several thousand dollars a month .
The court was further told how OiNK did not host or distribute any music itself , but instead indexed files shared by its users for others to download .
When responding to a description of how BitTorrent works , that leechers share what they download with other peers , thus speeding up downloads , Mr Makepeace commented : “ That is the beauty of the Oink website .
It never had to upload any music itself , all it did was provide the facility of linking one person to another who wanted that music . ”
After his arrest , the prosecution said that Ellis told officers : “ All I do is really like Google , to really provide a connection between people .
None of the music is on my website . ”
The case continues .
Kate Beaton
Wolfe , of course
Hosting by Death of military personnel : my comics specialty .
Anyway , I like Montcalm .
He was n't , I do n't think , as talented as his young rival James Wolfe , but he was among the best they had and a well experienced , hard working man who did his job as best he could .
Montcalm had a hot temper and did n't like Quebec , but he tried to save it , even though he was almost always at heads with Vaudreuil the Canadian born Governor - to whom he was supposed to defer .
Vaudreuil was experienced in North America and cared passionately for Quebec , but had never really encountered modern European warfare , and did n't understand it .
Montcalm hated the corruption in New France , thought the war was useless , and tried to leave but was n't allowed .
In his final letter to his wife he writes , " I think I should have given up all my honors to be back with you , but the king must be obeyed ; the moment when I shall see you again will be the finest of my life .
Good - bye my heart , I believe I love you more than ever . "
I like Montcalm .
Wolfe , of course got the most famous painting in this country 's history done up for him some years after the Plains of Abraham .
Montcalm got one eventually .
It 's ok .
Store !
( oh no , Christmas deadlines ! )
Hosting by Voxel Store !
Brit Hume turned evangelist on Fox New Sunday , in a segment with panelists predicting the future for Tiger Woods after Woods ' notable " transgressions " ( now a 2009 top euphemism , along with " Appalachian Trail , " as a signifier for " mistress . " )
Hume forecasts
Woods will recover as a golfer but
... Whether he can recover as a person depends on " his faith .
He 's said to be a Buddhist .
I do n't think that faith offers the kind of forgiveness and redemption that is offered by the Christian faith .
So my message to Tiger would be , " Tiger , turn to the Christian faith and you can make a total recovery and be a great example to the world . "
This fits with the interview he had with The Hollywood Reporter when Hume retired from Fox News in 2008 .
Asked what he'd like to do in his free time , Hume said enjoying his family came first but then , he said :
I certainly want to pursue my faith more ardently than I have done .
I 'm not claiming it 's impossible to do when you work in this business .
I was kind of a nominal Christian for the longest time .
When my son died ( by suicide in 1998 ) , I came to Christ in a way that was very meaningful to me .
If a person is a Christian and tries to face up to the implications of what you say you believe , it 's a pretty big thing .
If you do it part time , you 're not really living it .
Woods got similar advice from A. Larry Ross , minus the slap to Buddhism , in a column recently at Huffington Post .
Ross , spokesman for Rev. Billy Graham and Rev. Rick Warren , is a veteran of evangelism talk .
It was a column on grace and the God of " second chances . "
And Jews have advice , too .
Rabbi Irwin Kula told the Jewish Journal that the Nike spokesman -- and the rest of us -- should learn from the patriarchs that you can't " just do it " when " it " is wrong .
Does Tiger Woods have to have a faith -- any faith or just your faith -- to be seen as good again ?
Water is magical ... really !
Science cannot answer the most important questions
Skeptics recruit thousands of new readers for NaturalNews
( Natural News )
The article I posted yesterday that exposed the true beliefs of " skeptics " made some major waves across the 'net .
Entitled , https://www.naturalnews.com/028012_skeptics_m... ) , the article turned the tables on the skeptics and detailed their bizarre beliefs for the whole world to see .
This article succeeded wildly in infuriating the " skeptics " across the ' net by simply reminding them what they believe .
They then resorted to their same old dirty tricks to attack me by doing things like joining our Facebook page then posting a message that says , " That article made me so mad , I 'm quitting this forum ! "
( Gee , oh well . )
Meanwhile , the article received praise from supporters of natural medicine , the healing arts and holistic thinking -- all of whom have had enough of being labeled quacks and kooks for believing in plant - based medicine , nutritional therapies and the healing potential of the human mind and body .
They 're tired of being insulted and demeaned by the skeptics who have for years gotten away with blasting holistic thinkers without receiving much criticism themselves .
So we turned the tables on the skeptics and showed the world how crazy some ofbeliefs are .
It is absolutely true that the most ardent skeptics believe they themselves have no consciousness , no soul , no free will and not even a mind .
People thought I made this up , but I did n't .
It 's one of the core beliefs among classic " skeptics " ( they will even tell you this themselves ) .
One such skeptic accused me of being a quack because he said that I believe " water is magical . "
Was that supposed to be an insult ?
I think pregnancy is magical .
Human consciousness is magical .
Plant life is magical .
And water is at the very top of the list of magical substances with amazing , miraculous properties , many of which have yet to be discovered .
Think about it :
Water expands when it freezes ( almost everything else shrinks ) .
Water is both a solvent and a lubricant .
Water is almost impervious to compression .
Water can flow upwards , against gravity , into small cracks and crevices .
Water is made up of two gases , each of which is a combustible fuel on its own .
Do I think water is magical ?
You bet I do !
I also think magnetism is magical .
And gravity .
And quantum physics .
There is n't a single scientist or skeptic alive today who truly understands magnetism or gravity .
Sure , they can mathematically model it .
They can describe it and observe it , but they do n't understand it .
Mass warps the very fabric of reality and causes two objects to magically attract each other ?
Seriously ?
That 's about as magical as it gets .
Quantum physics is magical , too .
As physicist Richard Feynman famously said , " I think I can safely say that no one understands quantum mechanics . "
To all humans , including skeptics , quantum physics is essentially .
If they claim to truly understand quantum physics , they are lying .
Feyman was unusually open - minded for a scientist .
In fact , he was no closed - minded " skeptic . "
He was infinitely curious about the way the universe works , and had he lived longer , he may have very well discovered the principles behind homeopathy and water memory .
But he also knew that science has its limits -- an idea that still has not occurred to most skeptics today .
Feynman said , " I believe that a scientist looking at nonscientific problems is just as dumb as the next guy . "
Those are his words , not mine .
The words of perhaps the greatest physicist to have ever lived .
And he 's right .
Reductionism does n't work to study holistic phenomena .
And that 's where most skeptics go completely off track .
They think you can isolate , identify and categorize every bit and piece of every single thing if you just look closely enough .
In that belief , they are wrong .
The universe is holographic .
The whole is in the parts .
The universe is holistic , and it cannot be understood by ripping it apart into tiny pieces and giving them tiny names .
I wrote about this in an article about thethat has been widely read across the 'net .
It 's entitled Reductionist thinking ( the preferred worldview of " skeptics " ) cannot ever hope to understand plant - based medicine .
Because plant - based medicine works through theworking together .
Separate them all and the " magic " of plant - based medicine disappears .
Western scientists can study every single molecule of a plant in great detail and yet entirely miss the healing effects of the whole plant .
When skeptics demand that we " prove that this plant has medicinal properties , " what they mean is that the plant chemicals should be studied in isolation , one by one , to see if any of them work in isolation .
And that approach simply wo n't work .
Traditional Chinese Medicine , for example , uses ingredients that when taken in isolation can be dangerous ( such as ephedra ) , but when combined with other supporting herbs areSkeptics do n't get this .
The FDA does n't get this .
And many consumers still do n't get this either .
Holistic medicine cannot be studied with reductionist thinking .
In a similar way , the holistic nature of the universe cannot be understood , explained or even comprehended by reductionist thinking .
The worldview of " skeptics , " in other words , limits them to a very narrow understanding of the world around them .
That limitation is what prevents them from understanding the healing arts , or homeopathy , or mind - body medicine or any other advanced modality .
Getting back to the skeptics themselves , some of them took my article way too personally , attributing every single statement to themselves .
Well of course every single belief in that article is n't followed by every single " skeptic " person .
Even skeptics disagree amongst themselves on how far to take their " skeptic " beliefs .
There is a spectrum of skeptics in the same way there is a spectrum of natural health practitioners .
But by blasting my article all over the web and then attacking it , they accomplished something quite amazing :
They brought us over 2,500 new email newsletter subscribers in just 48 hours !
As it turns out , many people are skeptical of the skeptics and they 're quite open to a differing point of view .
They might believe one or two things that typify the skeptics ' position , but they do n't swallow the whole belief system of the most ardent skeptics .
And that brings me to beliefs ..
Not automatically , anyway .
I want you to think for yourself .
I do n't want you to follow holistic thinking just because it sounds pretty ; I want you to explore for yourself what seems to be true in your own experience .
If you , in your own experience , find that herbs and massage therapy and nutrition are all utterly worthless , and you want to join the skeptics camp , then go for it !
If you 've thought about it yourself , and reached your own conclusions , and you 've pursued truth with an open mind and an open heart , then whatever conclusion you reach is " your " truth .
But do n't let your current intellectual position become a prison that prevents you from exploring other possibilities of the way the universe works .
This is the default position of free thinkers , by the way , of which I am a lifelong member ..
Skeptics , on the other hand , aggressively attack anyone who disagrees with their conclusions .
If you do n't believe the things they believe , then you 're a quack , or a kook or a woo woo practitioner .
They also tend to jump to false conclusions about what people are really saying .
In my previous article , for example , and yet people read the article and they leaped to conclusions , assuming I was promoting organized religion , for example , or that I was condemning atheism .
Actually I never stated my position on those matters in the article at all , but the skeptics leaped to the conclusion that I did .
This speaks to their tendency to warp all incoming information and restructure it to conform to the beliefs they already carry about the subject at hand .
Above all , skeptics have an extremely limited , distorted view of the world .
It is that view that prevents them from grasping more advanced concepts like quantum healing , vibrational medicine , mind - body medicine or even medicinal herbs .
The skeptics ' view of the universe is that of a child .
Embracing the holistic nature of the universe requires a more mature understanding .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Lewis Hamilton has revealed that he strongly pushed for McLaren boss Martin Whitmarsh to sign Jenson Button as his team - mate even before the squad started talking to the world champion .
Speaking to the British print media during yesterday 's McLaren - Mercedes MP4 - 25 launch , Hamilton said Button had always been his first choice partner for 2010 .
" Something you wo n't know is that I actually called Martin and said ' What about Jenson ? ' , which was before they had negotiations , " said Hamilton .
" At the time I was calling them and asking them , ' What 's going on ?
I keep reading all these different stories about different drivers .
What 's happening ?'.
" Fortunately I would be told who they were talking to , but I had absolutely no input into who they would pick .
So I would say , ' Have you spoken to this person ?
Have you spoken to Jenson ? '.
" And why Jenson ?
Because he is the best driver there is , and they wanted to get the best driver possible .
" I just wanted to find out because people kept asking me as to who was going to be my team - mate . "
Hamilton emphasised that he had no desire to see former team - mate Heikki Kovalainen leave McLaren , but had got the impression the team wanted to make a change .
" I was happy with the team - mate I had , but it seemed like they were looking for someone else , " said the former champion .
This half - hour program features easy and delicious baking recipes for cookies , cakes , pies , tarts , and more , all from the pages of Everyday Food magazine .
With a focus on the techniques and finishing skills needed to produce beautiful , bakery - quality results for friends and family , the program serves as an easy - to - understand resource for all baking - related how - to information .
" Everyday Baking from Everyday Food " was hosted by John Barricelli , a former " Everyday Food " co-host and a contributor to " The Martha Stewart Show . "
More from Everyday Baking
Last week someone on the PGA Tour told me Elin Nordegren grabbed a golf club and went after Tiger Woods as if he was filled with candy when she found out about his affairs on November 27th , and that was why he never had any control of his car when he left the house and why he crashed into a neighbors tree ( more here ) .
Last Thursday , the Sun reported that Tiger had a tooth knocked out that night , and that ’s why he has n’t made any public appearances .
This is all just rumor of course , but the Florida Department of Children and Families seems to think she hit him too , because police notes and sources say she did , and now they have an open investigation to see if it happened in front of their kids .
Radar says …
Florida ’s Department of Children and Families has an open investigation that it is actively pursuing into a possible domestic violence incident – with a weapon — between Tiger Woods and his wife .
RadarOnline.com has exclusively obtained a police document that provides proof and details of the investigation .
The document – police dispatch notes – details that the investigation centers on possible domestic violence between Tiger and his wife taking place in front of their young children .
Using police code , it also spells out that a unknown weapon may have been involved .
A source close to the situation ( said ) the weapon is a golf club .
Domestic violence is never funny under any circumstance , unless it ’s a girl beating up a guy , in which case it ’s hilarious 100 percent of the time .
Girls are small , weak , and punch like they ’re doing the dog paddle , so even if she trained a bear to shoot a gun at you , it ’s embarrassing to get beaten up by one .
This crazy bitch is like Laura Croft , except this time , the game is for real !
testing captions
The Scorpions , the German metal band whose biggest hits include " Rock You Like a Hurricane " and " Wind of Change , " will no longer be stinging .
The band , which has been together in one combination or another for more than 40 years , announced Sunday it will be breaking up .
They 're in no rush to go , however : besides a new album , " Sting in the Tail , " due out in March , the band is embarking on a three - year world tour .
" We want to end the Scorpions ' extraordinary career on a high note , " the band said in a message on its Web site .
" We are extremely grateful for the fact that we still have the same passion for music we ’ve always had since the beginning .
...
We finish our career with an album we consider to be one of the best we have ever recorded and with a tour that will start in our home country Germany and take us to five different continents over the next few years . "
The Scorpions ' current lineup consists of Rudolf Schenker - who founded the group in 1965 - Klaus Meine , Matthias Jabs , Pawel Maciwoda and James Kottak .
In its history , the band became as well - known for its suggestive album covers - particularly some early releases , which were designed by Hipgnosis - as its hard - driving rock ' n ' roll .
After years of touring , the group broke through to the mainstream in the ' 80s thanks to " Rock You Like a Hurricane , " which helped the album " Love at First Sting " go double platinum .
Other albums include " Crazy World , " " Pure Instinct " and " Moment of Glory , " the latter of which was recorded with the Berlin Philharmonic .
" Every time I write that $ 400 check to pay back my loans , I kick myself , " says Marco Saurez , executive chef at Bon Savor in the Jamaica Plain neighborhood of Boston .
As a teenager he worked at a deli , and later at a catering company .
One day , his boss took him for a visit to the CIA 's idyllic campus in Hyde Park , which overlooks the Hudson River .
" I fell in love , " Suarez says .
He enrolled in the 38 - month Bachelor of Professional Studies Program , which includes long externships in outside restaurants .
" It was really at the externships that I learned the most , and now I wonder why I did n't just take a $ 25,000 loan and use that to survive while working my way up in a kitchen . "
Today , tuition , room , and board for the full bachelor 's program cost more than $ 100,000 .
Degree in hand -- Suarez graduated in 2001 -- he left for Colorado to cook and ski , and the CIA credentials got him his first job .
" But when I went back to Boston , the degree did n't mean anything , " he says .
At one interview , the owner asked him why he wanted the job , and Suarez mentioned his CIA training .
" He stopped me right there .
' Why should I care about that ? ' he asked me . "
Recently , Suarez has been thinking about removing his CIA degree from his resume .
And when he hires cooks for his own kitchen , he pays scant attention to their formal culinary schooling .
Not everyone feels the same way .
Barry Joyner was at the CIA when he did an externship with Suarez .
" I tried to get Barry to stay on and not go back and spend the money on school , " Suarez says .
But Joyner returned , graduated in 2007 , and says he 's glad he did .
" The school is what you make of it .
I felt like I came away with a lot of tools . "
Currently , he 's working in two Boston restaurants -- Top of the Hub and Grill 63 -- and he says that after deferring payment for a year , he 's now able to meet his repayment requirements and earn a modest living .
But what about the big dogs , the superstar chefs ?
I spoke with Wylie Dufresne , a FCI graduate who has brought modern gastronomy to new highs at WD - 50 in lower Manhattan .
He 'd finished Colby College and was working at Gotham Bar & Grill .
" But I was still thinking about culinary school , to get the hands - on training in different techniques , " he says .
After 16 years of formal education , he was n't interested in the longer , CIA program .
Instead he opted for the 6 - month program at the French Culinary Institute .
Today , that program costs $ 42,500 , which does n't include living expenses .
" Fortunately , my family was in a position to help me with the cost , which was an important factor , " Dufresne says .
" There are other ways to get the ball rolling as a cook , but it was a good fit for me .
It 's a great way to learn the vocabulary of the kitchen . "
Nonetheless , many of his employees in the kitchen do n't have culinary degrees .
" It 's certainly not a prerequisite , " he says .
Everyone has a dream or two that involves Hollywood and its glitz , glamour , and financial gluttony .
Having an amazing talent along with a no- holds barred agent will get you only so far into the public eyes and the tight networking community ; but it takes a bit more than that .
It takes the ability and willingness to climb the social ladder of Hollywood by attending the “ go - to ” events so that people become familiar with your brand like Perez Hilton .
For those that need to maximize their networking reach and public visibility , they must engage in the social practices of Hollywood .
This means attending various events throughout the year , and not just those within the confines of Hollywood .
Hollywood parties stretch the country .
Where there are starlets , there is a limelight grappling , Hollywood caliber event to attend .
At the top of the “ ca n’t miss ” parties are those associated with awards shows .
These parties occur both re and post event and receive and absorbent amount of media coverage .
Also , these gatherings offer an abundant amount of opportunities for networking with the best of the best within the industry .
Encounters during these parties can lead to additional work , exposure and more invitations that will keep you in the forefront of the public ’s mind .
Many people opt to simply attend the awards show , walk the red carpet and rely on that exposure to propel them forward .
That is a casual mistake , due to the amount of relationships that are formed at the parties surrounding the event .
In addition the parties that accompany awards shows are brimming with free merchandise and swarming with top designers and more .
Why not allow yourself to be pamper while you vie to be the next Chanel girl or a walking billboard for the season ’s hottest designer .
The next most beneficial type of event to attend are premieres .
Whether for a movie or the theater , you need to be on that red carpet .
Between the pictures and television interviews , there is not a better way to become ( or remain ) relevant to your fan base , while gaining new followers .
Many people tend to avoid premiers that are not their own and that is a huge mistake .
Take part in the prepaid festivities , while networking and gaining exposure for yourself .
Increasingly , bloggers are attending these events and how you handle yourself while there can have you viral by the time you wake up in the morning .
Often times , celebrities will host listening parties , showcases and birthday celebrations .
These are wonderful intimate parties that allow you to not only engage with celebrities but also their fan base .
At this type of event , you have a way to first hand attract a larger following while gaining accreditation by being a VIP guest of the host or hostess .
With today ’s technology and the willingness for celebrities to let us into their world , it is much easier now to gain a place in the limelight for yourself .
This can be done with the same comfort and ease that you have when visiting your favorite local club or bar .
All you need to be willing to do is have fun , relax and let the party make you relevant to the fame and the fans .
All airports must deal with the threat of bird strikes , but at Kennedy , which was built in wetlands , the relationship with wildlife is particularly lively and complicated .
Take the aforementioned gull .
Gulls love Kennedy .
They scoop clams from adjacent Jamaica Bay and drop them on the tarmac , where the shells pop open to reveal the tasty treat .
There are clamshells all over the runways .
Unlike those that disrupted Captain Sullenberger ’s flight last Jan. 15 , most bird strikes are not witnessed by pilots , but discovered by the wildlife team upon recovering the carcass .
There have been fewer than 100 per year over Kennedy for most of the last decade , down from 315 in 1988 and 314 in 1989 , thanks largely to the airport ’s depredation  lethal shooting  program , started in 1991 .
That is just one of many tools in Ms. Francoeur ’s toolbox .
PYROTECHNICS
They look like the fat revolvers from a Dick Tracy strip , but the pistols the wildlife supervisors carry on J.F.K.’s runways do not fire bullets .
They are noisemakers that shoot two different rounds , depending on the species of bird the person wants to scare away  the “ whistler , ” which emits a harsh Fourth - of - July - type screech , and the “ banger , ” which , as the name suggests , bangs .
TRAPS
The airport traps “ mostly what they call ‘ nuisance birds ’  pigeons , starlings and house sparrows , ” Ms. Francoeur said .
One trap is shaped like a funnel .
“ They walk in and get disoriented , ” she said .
“ They just walk around the edges .
They kind of walk around the exit point , they just keep missing it . ”
Image FLIGHT PATH Laura C. Francoeur , the chief wildlife biologist for the Port Authority , has a variety of tactics , some lethal , to discourage birds from lingering around airports .
Credit ... Photographs by Richard Perry / The New York Times
BIRDS OF PREY From May to November , falcons are deployed to scare off smaller birds .
The falcons are teased with a lure that looks like a bird they preys upon , setting the falcon into a series of dives as if it were hunting .
“ Birds see this from a distance away , they see this falcon is in hunting mode , and theoretically , they do n’t want anything to do with that part of the airport , ” Ms. Francoeur said .
Falcons are not supposed to actually kill birds , but they do from time to time .
“ It ’ll go for retraining , ” Ms. Francoeur said .
Down in one !
Mass ' overdose ' of homeopathic medicines in demo against ' scientifically absurd ' remedies
Protesters today staged a mass ' overdose ' of homeopathic remedies in a bid to prove that the medicines are worthless .
The demonstration , organised by the Merseyside Skeptics Society ( MSS ) , saw supporters gather outside branches of Boots to swallow entire bottles of tablets .
Campaigners have called on the high street chain to withdraw all homeopathic treatments from its shelves , which they say are ' scientifically absurd ' .
Homeopathy is a system that uses very highly diluted substances to trigger the body to heal itself .
Cceptics gather at Red Lion Square in central London to take part in a mass homeopathic ' overdose ' in protest at Boots ' continued endorsement and sale of the remedies
Michael Marshall , from the MSS , said : ' We believe that they should n't be selling sugar pills to people who are sick .
Homeopathy never works any better than a placebo .
The remedies are diluted so much that there is nothing in them . '
He took a remedy said to contain arsenic but explained that the chances of finding one molecule of the substance in the tablets were incredibly small .
Protesters gathered outside Boots branches in Liverpool , Manchester , Glasgow , Edinburgh , London , Leicester and Birmingham .
Mr Marshall said that consumers trust the company and it should not sell the remedies alongside mainstream medicines .
Similar demonstrations were planned in Canada , Spain , the US and Australia , he added .
The Society of Homeopaths said treatments are ' person specific ' and based on taking a series of small doses , so it did not expect any reaction in the protesters unless one already had symptoms matched to their remedy .
Chief executive Paula Ross said : ' This is an ill advised publicity stunt in very poor taste , which does nothing to advance the scientific debate about how homeopathy actually works . '
Down the hatch : The Society of Homeopaths said treatments are ' person specific ' and based on taking a series of small doses , so it did not expect any reaction in the protesters
Paul Bennett , Professional Standards Director from Boots , said the company follows advice from the Royal Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain on the correct selling of complementary medicines .
He went on : ' Homeopathy is recognised by the NHS and many health professionals and our customers choose to use homeopathy .
' Boots UK is committed to providing our customers with a wide range of healthcare products to suit their individual needs , we know that many people believe in the benefits of complementary medicines and we aim to offer the products we know our customers want .
' We would support the call for scientific research and evidence gathering on the efficacy of homeopathic medicines .
This would help our patients and customers make informed choices about using homeopathic medicines . '
As previously reported , virtually every big star in the music world will show up on the " Hope for Haiti Now : A Global Benefit for Earthquake Relief " telethon , which will air on a kajillion different channels and websites this Friday night .
But one star will be conspicuous in his absence : Kanye West .
Popeater reports ( via Prefix ) that the telethon 's producers have made the decision not to invite West .
West does , after all , have quite a history of making outbursts on live TV , including [ the famous " George Bush does n't care about black people " moment ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JO1j77mo6Vc
" the famous " George Bush doesn& squot;t care about black people " moment " ) at a 2005 Hurricane Katrina telethon .
Popeater quotes a producer of the Haiti telethon as saying , " After what he said on the Katrina telethon and the way he behaved at the MTV Video Music Awards , everyone agrees it 's just best that he does not participate .
Kayne has to make everything about himself .
He will do anything to steal the spotlight and , well , this night it 's just not about him . "
But come on .
What 's Kanye going to say ?
" Barack Obama does n't care about Haitian people " ?
Kanye's " big brother " Jay - Z will be on the telethon .
He 'll perform with Bono , the Edge , and Rihanna -- basically , the [ " Run This Town " ] ( http://pitchfork.com/reviews/tracks/11416-run-this-town-ft-rihanna-and-kanye-west/
" " Run This Town " " ) lineup , except with half of U2 replacing Kanye .
Maybe Bono and the Edge will tag - team Kanye 's verse ?
He feared rising crime , liked to gossip and got up to " wicked tricks " with his girlfriend .
All very modern preoccupations , you may think .
But Nathaniel Bryceson was a Victorian , and his diary has just been published online , explains Ed Argar of Westminster Council .
Read Bryceson 's first diary entry in 1846
Enlarge Image
When Nathaniel Bryceson wrote his diary in 1846 at the age of 19 , he had no way of knowing that more than 160 years later it would be published online for the world to see .
By all accounts Bryceson led a fairly unremarkable life - he certainly was n't rich or famous but his simple yet fascinating descriptions of Victorian London offer a historically important glimpse into British society in the 19th Century in what was for many a great period of change .
While much like the modern blogger , his observations of every day life passing comment on everything from the weather , politics and the royal family will undoubtedly resonate with many of today 's readers .
It is for these reasons that staff and volunteers from Westminster City Council 's archives department have transcribed the manuscript 's 260 entries as part of a project to make them available to the wider public .
Bryceson was born in St Marylebone on 5 June 1826 to a working - class family .
In 1846 , aged 19 , he lived in Richmond Buildings , Soho , and worked as a clerk at Lea 's coal wharf in Pimlico , earning 20 shillings a week .
As with many of us today , Bryceson liked to follow the news headlines including the First Anglo - Sikh War in India , Parliamentary debates on the Corn Laws and Lord John Russell replacing Sir Robert Peel as prime minister .
... altogether presenting a very gaudy sight , so covered with gilded ornaments ...
Bryceson on Queen Victoria en route to open Parliament On 22 January , he witnessed Queen Victoria as she made her way to open the Houses of Parliament .
Then , as now , the royals were a ripe target for gossips everywhere .
" Saw the carriages , including the State one preceded by about six others , proceed from the Royal Mews to the Palace , altogether presenting a very gaudy sight , so covered with gilded ornaments , " he wrote .
" In my opinion a procession of aged parish paupers and almshouse inmates would make a much more pleasing sight . "
A month later , Bryceson commented on the wintry conditions which , like the current cold snap , had gripped a swathe of London .
" Fall of snow during the night , which gave the Mall , St James 's Park , a very grand appearance , owing to the tree having through the late mild weather , come out in full bloom - the snow sticking so thick to the leaves , " he wrote .
" Generally in winter the branches are bare but this morning they looked like a hearse of white funeral feathers . "
' Gruesome '
Elsewhere , much of the diary is focused on Bryceson 's girlfriend , Ann Fox .
On 22 February , the pair took a walk over Primrose Hill and Hampstead Heath .
" Rain fell in torrents , rather wetted , " he wrote .
" Ann got very wet , self fared better ...
Sheltered ourselves under arch .
Got to wicked tricks . "
The culprit showed great presence of mind on the occasion and ascended the gallows with a firm and steady step
Bryceson describes the public hanging of a young woman Crime was a major concern during Bryceson 's time , but it will come as a surprise to many that public executions in Britain were still taking place as late as the 1840s .
And with the absence of mass modern - day entertainment - the earliest black and white films were still 50 years away - hangings were a popular if gruesome spectacle with the public .
On 5 January , Bryceson described the public hanging of a young woman .
" Martha Browning expiated her crime on the scaffold in the Old Bailey , for the murder of Elizabeth Mundell on the 1st of December last , " Mr Bryceson wrote .
" The culprit showed great presence of mind on the occasion and ascended the gallows with a firm and steady step , and without any assistance .
The body was cut down at 9 o'clock . "
Life in Victorian London was tough Bryceson eventually became a successful accountant , married Sarah Clark in 1854 and had a daughter and three sons .
He died in 1911 , aged 85 , in Mile End , east London .
Despite the passage of time and the huge advances in technology , his diary shows that human nature has remained fairly constant over the years - people are still interested in many of the same issues that Victorians were in their day .
By putting Bryceson 's diary online ( see internet links , right ) we hope to not only inspire people 's interest in history but to also provide a captivating window into Victorian society and the trials and tribulations of a young man as he makes his way through life .
Councillor Ed Argar , as Cabinet member for Adult and Community Services at Westminster Council , is in charge of the borough 's libraries
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Each lender has unique advantages and specialties suitable for different mortgage situations .
It ’s our role to work with you to identify the most suitable lender and then leverage our relationships to make sure we secure financing for you at the lowest possible rate .
Lenders rely on high volume trusted mortgage brokerages like us to find them , new clients , just like you .
Like all markets , the mortgage interest rate market is competitive so at any given time different mortgage lenders may roll out a discounted interest rate special to attract new borrowers .
Nablus executions :
Shoot first , ask questions later Bridget Chappell writing from Nablus , occupied West Bank Anan Subih 's children in their damaged home .
January 11 , 2010
The brutal killing of three Palestinian men by Israeli military forces in Nablus last week on 26 December 2009 sparked grief and outrage across Palestine and brought the northern West Bank city to a standstill as thousands mourned the lethal attack .
However , their voices are drowned out yet again by a well - played hand of Israel 's propaganda machine and repeated by the mainstream media .
On the eve of the one - year anniversary of Israel 's winter invasion of Gaza , a force of several hundred Israeli soldiers entered Nablus and invaded the homes of Ghassan Abu Sharkh , Raed Sarakji and Anan Subih where they were executed in cold blood in front of family members .
A statement by the Israeli military alleged that an operation was carried out to arrest the men suspected of involvement in the killing of an Israeli settler , Meir Avshalom Hai , two days earlier .
The portraits of the targeted men -- armed perpetrators of another injustice -- painted by the military 's statements have exploded throughout Israel 's media and beyond , subsequently footnoted by Israeli police 's forensic results , reporting a match between a rifle seized in the invasions and the weapon used to kill Hai , a rabbi and resident of the Shave Shomron settlement .
This postmortem revelation , which has not been verified by independent sources , raises alarming questions of Israel 's " shoot first , ask questions later " policy .
It also echoes the disparities between the statements of the Israeli military , repeated by the Israeli and international media , and the testimony of the victims ' family members , which were collected by a handful of local media agencies and human rights organizations .
Ghassan Abu Sharkh 's wife , shot in the foot .
Ghassan Abu Sharkh 's brother Diyaa Abu Sharkh said Israeli military forces stormed their home in Nablus ' Old City at 12 am .
Sharkh 's wife and four children were forced outside and the entire family was handcuffed , whereupon Sharkh 's eldest son was kicked and beaten by soldiers with the butts of their guns .
As Sharkh descended , unarmed , from the stairs inside in hopes of surrendering , soldiers immediately opened fire on him , riddling his body with bullet holes .
Outside , Israeli soldiers continued to brutally beat Sharkh 's son while their counterparts prevented Red Crescent ambulances from entering the area .
According to Tahani Jaara , the wife of Raed Sarakji , the Israeli military then forced their way in to their home in the Old City at 2:30 am , where Sarakji was shot in the head immediately .
The force of the close - range fire was so great that it caused his head to split in two .
As his pregnant wife ran forward to catch his falling body she was shot in the foot .
Only at this point did soldiers confirm the identity of the man just executed , ordering his wife to hand over both their IDs and mobile phones .
Soldiers opened fire once again on his now lifeless body , then ordered his wife to summon their children to behold the grisly remains .
Half an hour later , Israeli soldiers entered Nablus ' Ras al - Ain neighborhood .
Quickly occupying several homes surrounding the house of Anan Subih , soldiers began firing anti-tank missiles at the upper levels of the building , blowing a giant cavity between the third and fourth stories .
Farid Subih , brother of Anan , reported that soldiers entered the house on foot , firing live ammunition and destroying property as they forced family members out in to the street .
Subih was found hiding in the rubble created by rocket blasts , where he was immediately executed .
A spokesman for the Israeli army claimed that after the men " refused to leave their houses and surrender , we entered .
They continued hiding and endangering our soldiers , which made the shooting imperative . "
How these three men sleeping at home with their families endangered an overwhelming armed military force is unclear .
As is the justification for brutally excessive force employed lethally against the targeted men and wantonly upon their family members , including children .
The Israeli military 's trigger - happy strategies for the " liquidation " of those deemed a security risk have resulted in the tragic loss of hundreds of civilian lives in so - called " targeted killing " operations , as a result of both mistaken identity and the excessive use of force employed , such as the launching of missiles from aircrafts , tanks or missile launchers at densely populated areas .
Although this did not occur during the 26 December Nablus incursion , it is particularly disturbing that the Israeli military issued a post - execution clarification of at least one of the slain men's identities .
Israel 's long history of such extrajudicial killing operations carried out in the Occupied Palestinian Territories ( OPT ) reached its height during and after the second Palestinian intifada .
Israel 's assassination policy resulted in the deaths of 754 persons from December 2000 to June 2008 in 348 operations .
As reported by the Palestine Centre for Human Rights in July 2008 , 521 of those killed were targeted and 233 were bystanders .
Categorical execution without trial constitutes state terrorism , whatever statements military spokespeople may peddle regarding Israel 's exhaustive quest for " security " and the means necessary to enforce it .
Whether or not Israeli intelligence 's suspicions of Sarakji , Sharkh and Subih were well - founded , the cold - blooded execution of these and hundreds of other victims are a grave departure from a human 's right to due process .
Israel 's tired accusations of terrorism against those it kills are rarely supported by evidence , and only a handful of cases of those killed on these grounds have ever been investigated ; fewer still have been accountable for their actions .
There are still plenty of questions left unanswered and will likely remain that way forever .
Two groups of two factions , at entirely opposite ends of the political spectrum , claimed responsibility for the attack on the settler : the al - Aqsa Martyrs ' Brigade associated with the Fatah party and the fundamentalist Islamic Jihad .
Of the three men , Sarakji , released from a seven - year prison term last January , was the only one officially wanted by Israel for suspected involvement in the al - Aqsa Martyrs ' Brigade .
In contrast , according to his brother , Subih had surrendered his arms and received a full governmental pardon some years ago , while Sharkh 's wife states her husband 's only link to armed struggle was through his brother , who was assassinated by Israeli forces in 2004 .
Israel 's attempt to depict their actions as the standard routine of criminal inquiry is clearly a farce .
However admissible the findings of the victim 's armed involvement may be in a court of law , it amounts to little when those accused have already been tried and found guilty by the barrel of a gun .
Whether these men were guilty or innocent -- they were executed without trial in cold blood .
They leave behind traumatized children , grieving families and thousands of ex-prisoners and fellow citizens wondering who will be next .
All images by Bridget Chappell .
Bridget Chappell is an Australian activist and writer who has been working with the International Solidarity Movement in Palestine since August 2009 .
She is based in Nablus .
:: Article nr. 62061 sent on 11 - jan-2010 22:35 ECT
www.uruknet.info?p=62061
Link : electronicintifada.net/v2/article11001.shtml?utm_source=twitterfeed&utm_medium=t
witter&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+electronicIntifadaPalestine+( Electron
ic + Intifada +%3A + Palestine +News)&utm_content=Twitter
::
The views expressed in this article are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website .
The section for the comments of our readers has been closed , because of many out - of - topics .
Now you can post your own comments into our Facebook page : www.facebook.com/uruknet
Warning : include (./ share/share2.php ) : failed to open stream :
No such file or directory in /home / content/25/8427425/html/vhosts/uruknet/colonna-centrale-pagina-ansi.php on line 385
Warning : include ( ) : Failed opening './share/share2.php ' for inclusion ( include_path='.:/usr/local/php5_6/lib/php') in /home / content/25/8427425/html/vhosts/uruknet/colonna-centrale-pagina-ansi.php on line 385
[ Printable version ] | [
Send it to a friend ]
[ Contatto / Contact ] | [ Home Page ] | [ Tutte le notizie / All news ]
In 1991 , a book editor at Random House pulled from the heaps of unsolicited manuscripts a novel about a murder that roils a Baltimore suburb .
Written by a first - time author and mother named Mary Cahill , " Carpool " was published to fanfare .
Ms. Cahill was interviewed on the " Today " show .
" Carpool " was a best seller .
That was the last time Random House , the largest publisher in the U.S. , remembers publishing anything found in a slush pile .
Today , Random House and most of its major counterparts refuse ...
Steve Brill has a very interesting 8,500 - word story in this weekend 's NYT magazine , all about Kenneth Feinberg and the process he went through to determine the pay packages of companies the US government had bailed out .
" data - share - img= " " data - share = " twitter , facebook , linkedin , reddit , google , mail " data - share - count = " false " >
Steve Brill has a very interesting 8,500 - word story in this weekend ’s NYT magazine , all about Kenneth Feinberg and the process he went through to determine the pay packages of companies the US government had bailed out .
The funniest part of the story is the bit where Feinberg reflexively tries to pay AIG executives in stock — which was trading at more than $ 40 a share at the time — only for both AIG and Treasury to tell him that really was n’t fair , because AIG stock is , yes , fundamentally worthless .
They were right on that point : Feinberg actually would have been foolish to pay AIG executives in common stock , because that stock only has any long - term value at all in the event that AIG takes enormous risks and they pay off .
And that is not something we want AIG ’s leadership to be doing , so I ’m sad that Feinberg agreed to stock - based compensation at AIG “ in appropriate cases ” .
But Brill , who is a multi-millionaire in his own right , is not always a reliable guide to what constitutes fair pay .
He ’s got a friend who works at AIG Financial Products , and who he lets “ make the case ” for that company ’s crazy retention - bonus plan .
He quotes another friend talking sympathetically about how “ really hard ” these people are working , and a lawyer saying that “ if people in these industries see that Congress can jerk them around whenever they want , they ’re going to stop going into these businesses , just the way people have stopped becoming doctors ” .
He ’s happy talking about how half a million bucks a year “ is considered piddling ” on Wall Street , and how a low six - figure salary does n’t mean anything to people who are already millionaires .
And he talks a lot about the risk that people will quit , or not work hard , if they are n’t paid lots of money — without giving a single example of that actually happening .
He also covers at length and with a perfectly straight face about the bizarre creature invented by Feinberg and called “ salarized stock ” :
For base cash salaries , Feinberg suggested a sum that , on Wall Street , is considered piddling — typically no more than $ 500,000 a year .
He also said there would be no cash bonuses .
But he tempered that with a compromise :
The firms could provide additional annual salary compensation if paid in company stock — stock that the executive would receive every payday but could not sell immediately .
This last provision came to be called “ salarized stock . ”
It sounds like jargon only an M.B.A. could love , but it became a key element of the negotiations and a clever way for Feinberg and the bailed - out companies to work around a law passed in the early weeks of the Obama administration .
Back in February , Senator Christopher Dodd , the Connecticut Democrat who is the chairman of the Senate Banking Committee , inserted what is now called the Dodd amendment into the President ’s economic stimulus bill .
A provision in that amendment limited any bonus compensation to 50 percent of the executive ’s salary …
Because Feinberg ’s salarized stock would be dispensed every payday , it could therefore be considered salary under the Dodd amendment .
How clever of Feinberg to “ work around ” a clear law like that !
Of course “ salarized stock ” is simply a guaranteed bonus , payable in stock ; since it vests over a period of years , it ’s neither here nor there whether it ’s paid annually or whether it ’s paid monthly .
But because Feinberg did n’t like the optics of guaranteed bonuses — and because Dodd had clearly made guaranteed bonuses illegal — he created this Frankenstein monster instead , waving his magic terminological wand and turning a bonus into salary , to the delight of Brill , who as a lawyer loves this kind of sophistry .
To be fair to Brill , he does show quite clearly that Feinberg ended up paying lots of money to senior executives in practice , while trying as hard as possible to make it look as though he was being very harsh .
That ’s probably what the government wanted all along : the main thing it was worried about was headlines .
Feinberg ’s job was n’t to rein in pay , it was to rein in outrage about pay .
Brill ’s also excellent at uncovering the silly game that Feinberg played with the banks : he invited them to submit their own proposals as the basis for negotiation , with the predictable result that the banks spent millions of dollars on compensation consultants paid to conclude that senior executives were all above average , and had to be paid as much as $ 21 million a year , in the case of BofA .
Feinberg could then announce multi-million - dollar pay packages as a low percentage of what the banks originally asked for , and seem tough in so doing .
But what Brill never really addresses is the question in the headline of his piece : how much are these bankers actually worth ?
And he also never addresses the question of the degree to which seven - and eight - figure salaries caused the crisis in the first place , or whether we actually want greedy people in these positions who wo n’t do their jobs unless they ’re paid a hundred grand a week .
In Brill ’s world , the only downside to an enormous salary is the optics of the thing : how it looks to the rest of us .
“ Business common sense , ” he writes , “ dictates that because the government owned them , these were the last companies the government should want to undercut with unilateral pay disarmament ” .
Does he give a single example of a company underperforming because it can’t pay well enough ?
Of course not : it ’s just obvious to Brill that banks which pay modest salaries ( like , say , most credit unions ) will do worse than banks which pay enormous bonuses ( like , say , Lehman Brothers or Bear Stearns ) .
Well , it ’s not obvious to me .
Just like it ’s not obvious to me that people have stopped becoming doctors .
Update :
Thanks to reader Anthony Bongiorni for picking up on this :
Feinberg consulted regularly with Deputy Treasury Secretary Neal Wolin and others at Treasury , Wolin says , though he met with Geithner only three times .
“ We pushed back with him on some issues , ” Wolin recalls , referring to Treasury ’s desire to make sure that the companies would be able keep talented employees — and eventually repay the government .
It seems it was Wolin , at Treasury , who was pressuring Feinberg to pay more , rather than less .
Wolin , in turn , entered Treasury straight from a senior executive position at The Hartford , which took $ 3.4 billion in federal bailout money , and surely wanted to be able to continue to pay its executives lots of money in future .
Maybe they should send their friend Neal a thank - you note for helping to keep salaries high at bailout recipients .
Hello Tiger
An elderly woman brought her PowerMac G3 to Ringo , because it would n't turn on .
Sure enough , after plugging it in , no response .
As Ringo moved to open the case to check the logic board , he noticed the fans were a little ... fuzzy .
" Did you have any pets ? "
The woman replied that her cat , Tiger , had just passed away , but used to hang around the computer a lot .
What happened next , in Ringo 's words :
I open up the computer and immediately see the entire inside of the computer filled with orange hairballs the size of my fist .
Upon seeing this the customer exclaims loudly and happily , " Oh Tiger , you left parts of yourself in there before you died ! "
I immediately say , " Excuse me , " and run to the back of house and sit stunned in the AppleCare room , begging someone else to take over the case for me .
Advertisement
Ringo 's manager explained to the woman she 'd need to get the computer cleaned before having it repaired , because it was n't sanitary .
She pulled a worn handkerchief out of her bag , brushing the dead cat fur out of the tower , scattering it on the counter and nearby Geniuses and customers .
She was told to leave .
But she somehow got a strapping young Genius to carry her dead cat shrine to the car for her .
Image via Tambako / Flickr
Advertisement
Slippery When Wet
Water damage is the leading cause of accidental gadget death .
Corollary : Gadgets killed by liquids are a leading cause of customer freakouts , because warranties do n't typically cover drowning deaths .
A woman brought Paul her MacBook Pro , which was refusing to power on .
As Paul examined it , liquid starting leaking out of the computer , prompting the standard Genius speech that any repairs would n't be covered by a warranty , so they 'd cost money .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The woman flipped out , and began screaming that Paul was trying to steal from her , because other companies made waterproof laptops .
She continued : " It 's your responsibility for the damage because you should have known that somebody 's dog would eventually pee in the computer and should have done something to protect it , like make it waterproof . "
By then , a puddle had formed on the counter .
Paul excused himself to wash his hands , and placed a yellow fold - out sign warning " slippery when wet " over the puddle , before handing her over to his manager .
Image via g-hat / Flickr
Advertisement
Ca n't Touch This
Busted iPhone screens are like HPV , it happens to almost everyone .
So , it 's not a huge deal at the Genius Bar , even though it 's not cheap to fix .
It happened to a lady who brought her phone to John .
He tells her it'd be " one ninety nine " to repair , so she throws three bucks on the counter , expecting all to be well .
Rectifying his poor diction , he informs her he meant $ 199 .
Cue a screaming spew of invective , calling John an idiot and a slob .
Three Geniuses attempt to calm her down , which only feeds the beast , making it grow louder and more hateful .
Advertisement
It so happens a regional manager was visiting John 's store that day .
He resolves to , uh , resolve the situation .
Before he can finish a sentence , the banshee lady shrieks , " Do n't talk to me , YOU GAY ! "
She then turns on the other customers at the Genius Bar .
Placing his hand on her arm , the regional manager asks her to leave .
She responds , " Do n't touch me , YOU GAY ! YOU GAY ! " then flees the store .
Only to return 10 minutes to retrieve her forgotten umbrella .
Image via mager / Flickr
Advertisement
A man was having problems connecting his iPhone to his Linksys router .
After it became apparent it was a router configuration problem , George turned to Cisco tech support to help the man out , so he could print the instructions the man needed to fix it .
The man decided George was taking too long , and called him a " fucking idiot . "
Advertisement
George replied that if the man kept verbally abusing him , he would n't be able to continuing helping .
" Fuck you faggot , " was followed by a right jab to George 's face , caught on security camera , and actually shown here .
The man ran around to the other side of the Genius Bar , determined to turn the assault into a full - fledged fight , before several Geniuses could restrain him .
He ran out as the cops were called .
Apple 's currently pressing charges .
George has a new job now .
Advertisement
You 're a Genius !
Genius Bar appointments are a sad fact of life if you need to get anything made by Apple fixed .
But you know , some people do n't have time for that crap .
They 're too important .
When a guy , we 'll call him Chuck , found out the wait at Robert 's Genius Bar would be at least 30 minutes , he pitched his laptop onto the counter , and told Robert to call him when it was fixed .
Without mentioning what was wrong with it , or leaving any contact info .
Advertisement
A few weeks later , Chuck returns , asking about his laptop .
Robert remembered who it was , and told Chuck he needed to get it checked in and sign the paperwork before any work could proceed .
Chuck did n't time for all that , and left again .
Without a signature , it could n't be fixed .
Another few weeks go by , and Chuck returns .
Robert 's been waiting , and has a form ready to go that just needs a quick signature .
He explains that they have n't been able to work on the laptop without his signature , but it would only take a couple of days once he signed it over .
Advertisement
Chuck explodes , " IT'S NOT DONE YET ?
BUT YOU'RE A GENIUS !
YOU'RE A GENIUS !
YOU'RE A GENIUS ! YOU'RE A GENIUS ! "
Chuck starts doing the Tom Cruise hop as he repeats his cry , over and over .
A different employee goes out to take care of Chuck , who manages to calm down and sign the form , but not without asking the new guy , " What 's it like to work with fags all day ? "
Advertisement
Chuck never returned for his computer .
AUSTRALIA is the most sinful nation on earth , as befits a country founded as a penal colony .
A BBC magazine show 's investigation has supposedly shown we Aussies are still born to be bad - coming out trumps in a global tally of the seven deadly sins .
While America is dominated by gluttony and greed , South Africa by wrath and Japan and South Korea by their lustful natures , Australians are the most envious people on the planet .
The tally was put together by comparing national statistics for plastic surgery ( pride ) , theft ( envy ) , violent crime ( wrath ) , number of annual holidays ( sloth ) , annual salary ( greed ) , money spent on fast food ( gluttony ) and porn ( lust ) .
Focus Magazine awards Australians the dubious prize of being named " the most sinful nation on earth " for scoring highly in every one of the seven categories .
Catholic priest Fr Bob Maguire said Australians had their vices , but they were also very virtuous .
" I think the people who did this survey are just jealous of we Aussies and rightly so , " he said .
" Australians like to indulge and enjoy the good things in life - we are open about that .
But people forget that the mirror image of the sins are the seven virtues and Australians also have a lot of virtues on balance .
We 're just too laconic to talk about the things we do right . "
Anglican Archbishop of Melbourne Philip Freier said Australia was far from the worst country on earth .
" It 's always beneficial to reflect on our shortcomings because we 're not perfect and it can help us find ways to improve ourselves , " Dr Freier said .
" But I do not believe Australia to be the worst society in the world , nor the Australian people the worst people .
Far from it .
" I have always found Australians to be generous and concerned for each other . "
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd's spokeswoman disputed whether Australia was overly sinful .
" The Prime Minister believes Australia to be a great country , and Australians are good , generous and hard - working people , " she said .
Opposition Leader Tony Abbott declined to comment .
Originally published as She 'll be rotten apples
TCA Tour : 24
Having already seen the first four hours of the new season of “ 24 , ” I can tell you without hesitation that it ’s absolutely going to be worth your while to tune in when Jack Bauer ’s latest day kicks off on January 17th , but , then , if you ’re a fan of the show , you ’ve probably already had your Sunday night planned out for quite some time now .
What you ’re likely more interested in knowing is if this will be the last season of “ 24 . ”
Fortunately , that was the first question posed of Kiefer Sutherland and his fellow executive producer , Howard Gordon , during Fox ’s panel for the series .
“ We ’ve always approached each season , just the task of doing it , as so great that , literally , from the very first season on , we ’ve completed that season , and it was really FOX ’s decision to pick us up , ” said Sutherland .
“ There ’s never been one specific season that the next season was guaranteed or ensured .
This has been one of the greatest gifts of my life , the ability to do ’ 24 . ’
So for me , yeah , it ’s something that is absolutely open .
I ’ve always said that as long as people wanted us to make it , and people were really interested in watching it , I would be interested .
There ’s a lot of components involved .
The task of writing it is far greater than the task of acting in it , so Howard can talk about that for a moment , but certainly , it ’s always open to continue on doing it . ”
“ I sort of second Kiefer ’s thoughts about it , ” said Gordon .
“ It ’s always been a very year - to - year , minute - to - minute , day - to - day experience .
There ’s the intellectual and sort of emotional and creative curiosity .
The writers sit around , and in the margins of the time when we are n’t working on Season 8 we do ask ourselves , ‘ What if … ?’
So it certainly is a possibility . ”
So there you go : now you can safely enjoy the new season without feeling a sense of dread that they ’re entering it with feelings of finality .
We ’ll get back to Messrs .
Sutherland and Howard in a bit , but with that bit of pressing information out of the way , let ’s check in to see what some of the other “ 24 ” folks are thinking about as they prepare for the premiere …
Cherry Jones was asked how she feels about her character now that she ’s had a year to consider some of President Taylor ’s executive decisions .
“ I thought some of them showed extreme sleep deprivation there towards the end , in terms of chiefs of staff and that sort of thing , ” she replied , with a smile .
“ I thought she was kind of brilliant and incredibly pragmatic .
When you play a part , you get behind it and you try to figure out why and how , and there was very little that Howard and the boys scripted that I had any trouble fulfilling … including sending my child off to prison !
So I loved playing her last season .
In each episode , I was always thrilled when I ’d see that first script , and with each step , I thought she was incredibly pragmatic … but that ’s just my own personal take . ”
One of the funniest responses during the panel came when it was suggested to Sutherland that , as the new season kicks off , Chloe seems to be painted slightly out of character .
While I know you have n’t seen it yet as of this writing , I ’ll tell you that , at least from my perspective , the accusation strikes me as a fair cop : for someone who ’s been so techno - savvy throughout the run of the series , you would n’t expect her to be so flummoxed by the changes that have gone on since the last time she was in the office .
Before Sutherland could even begin to consider a response , however , the woman who plays Chloe – Mary Lynn Rajskub – practically leapt out of her chair in an attempt to defend herself .
“ Is it so hard to believe that a woman wants to be a mother to her child ? ” she demanded to know , earning much laughter from the audience .
“ And maybe take her nose out of a book every once in a while ?
Take a break from the labyrinth of genius that inhabits her brain ?
And that the world , you know , actually goes on without me , technically ? ”
Finally , Rajskub took a breath .
“ Sorry , I was just really enjoying myself there , ” she said , grinning .
“ I have been at home with the child , and when I get back , all the protocols have changed … you know , whatever a protocol is .
I ’m kidding : of course I know precisely what it is .
But that was actually really a fun place to start .
It ’s fun to sort of start from an opposite place .
And I do think that it ’s believable that a place would change its systems enough , because technology moves at a breakneck speed … as does Hollywood . ”
On a related note , you ’ve probably seen the previews or , failing that , read some of the articles that have been emerging about the new season which indicate that , as things kick off , Jack Bauer is somewhere he ’s never been before : in a good place .
Obviously , it would n’t be much of a season if it stayed that way , so you know it ’s not going to last .
“ It ’s a guarantee that he ’s going to have a bad day , ” said Sutherland , with a smile .
“ You have to realize that you ’re going to have to work within that place .
What Howard and the other writers did , which was such a fantastic thing for me as an actor , was they put Jack in such a positive place at the very beginning of this series that it gave him something to fight for .
I think just inherently we have taken the character in some very dark places – the loss of his wife , the estrangement from his daughter , the death of Kim Raver ’s character – and one of the great things as an actor is to be able to take all those kind of tragedies and mount those as part of the character for the following season .
So to be able to start Season 8 with some kind of hope and give him something to really live for and fight for was a really different and kind of very exciting place to be as a character , and that really resonates .
As much as you kind of acknowledge it in the very beginning , it really has some resonance throughout the later episodes . ”
It has to be asked , though : did n’t it feel weird to smile ?
“ I must say , when we first shot it , it felt awkward for me …and I think everybody else involved , ” said Sutherland .
“ The only time Jack Bauer smiled – and just because it happened so rarely , we noted it – was in Season 3 , when he had captured Nina and was flying back with her on the cargo plane and he had her in handcuffs , he looked at her and smiled . ”
“ That , ” he added , “ was about four episodes before he got to shoot her . ”
Katee Sackhoff addressed how quickly she latched onto her character on the series .
“ I think that Dana is kind of the closest that I ’ve ever played to myself , actually , ” she said .
“ You know , I came onto this show , it was written that she ’s a computer analyst , and I embrace that every fiber of my being .
And every little turn , it just seems to get more interesting .
You know , she has a past .
I keep saying that , and everyone is like , ‘ Oh , she has a past .
Is it bad ? ’
And I ’m like , ‘ No .
She raised show ponies in Kentucky .
Yes , it ’s bad .
It ’s ’ 24 ’!
I mean , come on , it ’s not going to be cotton candy and white and fluffy ! ”
Freddie Prinze , Jr. , seemed to be equally excited about his new gig on the show , scoffing at a writer ’s use of the phrase “ kind of pleased ” to describe his feelings on the matter because it did n’t come anywhere close to encompassing what he was going through .
“ I received the sides for this part when I was in New York , and they were casting out of L.A. , ” he explained .
“ I went to the casting director ’s office , and there were no other actors there .
When they brought me in , I said , ‘ Look , you ’re not waiting for anyone else to get in here , so we ’re doing this audition ’ til I get it right . ’
And she was nice enough to let me get a few cracks at it … and I sent her a big box of cookies when I got the part .
I mean , I do n’t get offered this kind of a job , period .
You know , for most of my career , if I ’m in it , I ’m struggling to fall in love for 96 minutes , and I always get the girl .
And to get a chance to do this is something , as an actor , that you ready yourself for for …well , since I was 21 years old .
So , yeah , I was very , very excited . ”
And , lastly , I just have to close with Kiefer ’s response to the question about whether or not he now gets preferential treatment at the airport because of the character he ’s played for the last eight years :
“ No , honestly , going through the airport security thing , I get in the same line as everybody else and go through the same search as everybody else , ” he said .
“ They probably talk to me a little more than the other passengers , but that ’s about it .
You know , I think people make a joke more than anything .
I ’ve always been shocked that people that actually I ’m flying with say , ‘ Oh , I feel safer on the plane . ’
I ’m thinking , ‘ You must not watch the show because everybody around me gets killed ! ' ”
Science Overturns Evolution 's Best Argument
Transposons are a class of “ mobile genetic elements ” that operate within the DNA of living organisms .
For years , macroevolutionary proponents have claimed that their presence undoubtedly supports Darwinian evolution .
But a recent investigation showed that transposons have been wrongly interpreted , changing macroevolution ’s best argument into its worst nightmare — an almost complete lack of genetic material for it to “ tweak ” into newly selectable features .
Transposons are segments of DNA that utilize cellular machines to replicate themselves and then splice the copies back into the host DNA , thus inflating the total volume of DNA without adding new genes .
Some species appear to have large volumes of DNA that resulted from this process .
About 44.4 percent of human DNA consists of repetitive elements , with perhaps most from transposons .
Many scientists still believe that these repeated segments contain nearly random , functionless , non-coding sequences with which “ evolution ” can tinker .
But a new study published in Nature Genetics found that they actually contain functional code that is accessed for use in specific tissues .
1
Scientists recently discovered that DNA which came from transposons can regulate the expression of gene products .
One class of transposons , called “ retrotransposons , ” is formed when DNA is copied into RNA , which is then reverse - copied back into DNA .
Retrotransposon sequences had been almost dogmatically interpreted by evolutionary scientists as remnants of ancient viruses .
These viruses supposedly infected the host organism long ago , and it was assumed that the viral DNA became incorporated into one or more of its chromosomes .
Intriguingly , chimpanzees and humans share some almost identical repeated sequences that look as though they were formed by retrotransposons .
Evolutionists have argued that they must have been introduced by the same virus before the two species diverged from a ( presumably ) ape - like ancestor .
Thus , each species retains today a remnant of the same ancient viral infection .
This is often cited as strong evidence that humans and chimpanzees share common ancestry , and therefore that broad - scale evolution is true ―that single cells can eventually develop into humans through random natural forces .
This is currently one of evolution ’s best arguments .
But the argument rests squarely upon the premise that these long DNA repeat sequences came from ancient viruses .
Creation scientists predicted that not all — and perhaps not any — retrotransposon activity was viral or random , but instead was part of a well - designed , originally created cellular process .
2
The new Nature Genetics study has confirmed this creation prediction .
The researchers found that between 6 and 30 percent of active RNA transcripts use retrotransposon sequences .
1
These transcripts carry regulatory information from the DNA to the rest of the cell .
They also found that different sections of retrotransposon sequences are accessed by different tissues .
Thus , at least some , and perhaps all , of the sequences carry important information for certain cells to use .
This means transposons did not come from ancient viruses and therefore can no longer be used to support the idea that chimpanzees and humans evolved from a common ancestor that was infected by a virus .
3
This discovery will likely disappoint a generation of evolutionary scientists who based human - chimp ancestry and therefore broad - scale evolution on the false assumption that retrotransposons and the like were from viral infections .
But it likewise ought to disappoint those who have relied on supposedly useless , supposedly virus - derived DNA as raw material employed by some imaginary evolutionary process to engineer ever - more - complicated life forms .
Instead , it looks like all DNA is useful , which suggests that its host creatures were designed on purpose .
4
References
Faulkner , G. J. et al. 2009 .
The regulated retrotransposon transcriptome of mammalian cells .
Nature Genetics . 41 ( 5 ) : 563-571 . Walkup , L. K. 2000 .
Junk DNA : evolutionary discards or God ’s tools ?
Technical Journal ( now Journalof Creation ) .
14 ( 2 ) : 18-30 .
The reason that both chimpanzees and humans have such similar looking sequences on similar chromosomes could be because both species experienced similar retrotransposon activity in the past , following similar patterns when they were being copied and inserted within their respective species .
For more examples , see Thomas , B. Genetic Expression : Same Genes Can Produce Different Results .
ICR News .
Posted on icr.org November 19 , 2008 , accessed December 17 , 2009 .
* Mr. Thomas is Science Writer at the Institute for Creation Research .
Article posted on December 29 , 2009 .
August 2nd , 1990 : Tensions originating from the Iran - Iraq War spill over and Iraqi troops invade Kuwait .
Within days they take control of the country and its oil fields .
August 7th , 1990 : Sensing the potential for a similar invasion of oil - rich Saudi Arabia , U.S. troops gather in the Kingdom in order to defend the area .
Operation Desert Shield is officially underway .
November 29th , 1990 : Iraq is issued with a deadline of January 15th , 1991 by the U.N. .
Should they still occupy Kuwait at that time , Iraq will face military action .
December 31st , 1990 : President Bush writes the following letter to his children .
In it , he shares his thoughts in relation to the impending war and attempts to justify his decisions .
January 15th , 1991 : The deadline is ignored by Iraq and two days later allied forces begin to attack both Kuwait and Iraq as Operation Desert Storm begins .
The Gulf War continues until February 28th .
Transcript follows .
Transcript
Dec. 31 , 1990
Dear George , Jeb , Neil , Marvin , Doro ,
I am writing this letter on the last day of 1991 ./
First , I ca n’t begin to tell you how great it was to have you here at Camp David .
I loved the games ( the Marines are still smarting over their 1 and 2 record ) , I loved Christmas Day , marred only by the absence of Sam and Ellie .
I loved the movies - some of ’em - I loved the laughs .
Most of all , I loved seeing you together .
We are a family blessed ; and this Christmas simply reinforced all that .
I hope I did n’t seem moody .
I tried not to .
When I came into this job I vowed that I would never ring my hands and talk about “ the loneliest job in the world ” or ring my hands about the “ pressures or the trials ” .
Having said that I have been concerned about what lies ahead .
There is no ‘ loneliness ’ though , because I am backed by a first rate team of knowledgeable and committed people .
No president has been more blessed in this regard ..
I have thought long and hard about what might have to be done .
As I write this letter at Year ’s end , there is still some hope that Iraq ’s dictator will pull out of Kuwait .
I vary on this .
Sometimes I think he might , at others I think he simply is too unrealistic - too ignorant of what he might face .
I have the peace of mind that comes from knowing that we have tried hard for peace .
We have gone to the uN ; we have formed an historic coalition ; there have been diplomatic initiatives from country after country .
And so here we are a scant 16 days from a very important date - the date set by the uN for his total compliance with all UN resolutions including getting out of Kuwait - totally .
I guess what I want you to know as a father is this :
Every human life is precious .
When the question is asked “ How many lives are you willing to sacrifice ? ” - it tears at my heart .
The answer , of course , is none - none at all .
We have waited to give sanctions a chance , we have moved a tremendous force so as to reduce the risk to every American soldier if force has to be used ; but the question of loss of life still lingers and plagues the heart .
My mind goes back to history :
How many lives might have been saved if appeasement had given way to force earlier on in the late ’ 30 ’s or earliest ’ 40’s ?
How many Jews might have been sapred the gas chambers , or how many Polish patriots might be alive today ?
I look at today ’s crisis as “ good ” vs. “ evil ” …. yes , it is that clear .
I know my stance must cause you a little grief from time to time ; and this hurts me ; but here at ‘ years - end ’
I just wanted you to know that I feel :
– every human life is precious .. the little Iraqi kids ’ too .
– Principle must be adhered to - Saddam cannot profit in any way at all from his aggression and from his brutalizing the people of Kuwait .
– and sometimes in life you have to act as you think best – you ca n’t compromise , you ca n’t give in ….even if your critics are loud and numerous .
So , dear kids - batten down the hatches .
Senator Inouye of HAwaii told me : “ Mr. President , do what you have to do .
If it is quick and successful everyone can take the credit .
If it is drawn out , then be prepared for some in Congress to file impeachment papers against you ” … that ’s what he said , and he ’s 100 % correct .
ANd so I shall say a few more prayers , mainly for our kids in the Gulf , and I shall do what must be done , and I shall be strengthened every day by our family love which lifts me up every single day of my life .
I am the luckiest dad in the whole wide world -
I love you , Happy New Year and May God Bless every one of you and all in your family .
Devotedly ,
Dad
Half of global warming happened since 1990 yet less than half of the temperature stations are available since 1990 ?
Why ?
A Full Open , well funded , quality analysis of temperature stations IS with no doubt warranted yet where are the money hungry researchers ?
If we are to spend trillions of dollars on fixing warming , do n’t you think we should be able to work out how to read ONLY 7000 thermometers regularly !!
One of my beliefs is that the IPCC is a money hungry political organization with no concerns about correcting any scientific details like not melting glaciers , which might get in the way of it ’s growth and funding .
So if I ’m right , where are the demands for funding better and more complete thermometer data ?
So I set out to make a rough estimate of what it would take to document , quality control , keep current and make public all of the temperature stations in the last 150 years .
The goal was to find out if it is impossibly difficult , such that only computers are up to the task ?
Let ’s say 7000 stations , one station per eight hour day .
Nope it ’s govt , let ’s say 1 station per 7 eight hour days , seven work days to stare at a single temperature dataset .
A total of 49,000 person - days to document all the 7000 stations examine the data closely and make them public .
Let ’s say 150 government work days per year , including vacation , sick days , mental disability pay whatever .
That ’s 326 man years to look through each and every temperature station in detail , record its individual nuances and manually recommend and document temperature step or trend corrections .
So lets say that every govt .
employee on this difficult job has a menial 80,000USD salary plus 60,000 USD in benifits .
You know , a mid-level government employee .
So assume 140,000 per year * 326 = 46 million USD .
Now these people will need management , since it ’s govt , management should at least double the cost of the workers .
100 million dollars .
So for 100 million dollars , less than 1 percent of the 30 billion committed to the copenhagen each year by the US , we can pay US government employees to spend their efforts on 21 stations per year to catalog and make public all of the global temperature data in a single database for the public to see .
Add 50 % for equipment , data storage and other crap .
Say I miscalculated and did n’t factor in inflation , earthquakes or the extra sweat induced by global climate change .
Let ’s say TWO HUNDRED FIFTY MILLION for a full open accounting of temperature stations in one year .
I finally found a new tax I would be happy to pay .
A one time expenditure which is :
Less than 0.8 percent of the money than the UN distributes every year for global warming research .
Less than 0.3 percent of what the United States will spend for economic recovery in 2010 — on climate research alone .
Less than 0.03 percent of the total 2009 Obama economic recovery bill .
Yes the US Obama “ stimulus ” will spend 4 - 5 times Nasa ’s budget on climate research in 2010 .
One tenth of our at war military budget on climate – to invigorate the economy .
Potentially a disingenuous statement from our good democratic leaders ???
Consensus of datasets by government funded scientists , is not an acceptable answer and it ’s damned well time the scientists started making sense on this .
Complete , open data , open explanations , open code , open results .. then if everything falls in line , we can begin negotiations for a cause , a consensus and an appropriate response .
If we are in such huge danger as a planet , this should be an easy sale .
In fact , a blogger should n’t have to write it .
I suppose they already have the curve they want though do n’t they .
So I ’ve been trying to do a little more QC with the GHCN data .
The problem with the raw data is that a single station ID has multiple curves and very little explanation as to what causes the differences .
All of the following curves were taken from the same instrument .
Yes they have different data , yes they have odd steps compared to each other and unfortunately careful examination reveals that the data is a mess .
If you take the anomaly of this data and then average the trend has substantially less slope than if you first average then take the anomaly .
Since these are the same data , it makes sense to take the anomaly after averaging .
If you have different datasets , it makes sense to take the anomaly before averaging .
I spent about an hour this morning wrestling with Phil Jone ’s version of GHCN which is somewhat different .
I was able to determine that he used in the case above an average first then anomaly combination , which in this case made sense .
To that end , I ’ve redone my own gridded global temperature .
It ’s still not properly area weighted but each step gets closer .
I focused primarily on the proper identification of sub- timeseries inside GHCN temperature stations which are actually from the same instrument .
Here is my improved GetStation algorithm for GHCN data compilation .
You pass the right station id and it performs some QC to determine the correct method to combine the data .
#combine staton data by insuring whether each series is in fact the same
getstation4=function(staid=91720 )
{
alladj=NA
allraw=NA
#raw data
mask= ( ghmean [ , 2]==staid )
data=ghmean[mask , ]
noser=levels ( factor ( ( data [ , 3 ] ) ) )
for( i in noser )
{
mask2=data[ ,3]==i
startyear=min(data[mask2,4 ] )
endyear=max ( data[mask2,4 ] )
subd=data[mask2,5:16 ]
index = ( data [ mask2,4 ] - startyear ) +
1
dat=array ( NA , dim=c( 12 , ( endyear - startyear ) + 1 ) )
for(j in 1:length ( index ) )
{
dat [ , index[j ] ]=as.numeric( subd[j , ] )
}
dim ( dat ) =c(length ( dat ) ,1 ) dat [ dat==-9999 ]=NA
dat=dat/10
rawd=ts(dat, start=startyear , deltat=1/12 )
if ( max ( time ( rawd ) ) >=2010 )
{
print ( “ error series ” )
rawd=NA
} if (!is.ts ( allraw ) )
{
allraw=rawd
}
else
{
allraw=ts.union ( allraw , rawd )
}
} nc=ncol ( allraw )
matchv=array ( NA , dim=c(nc , nc ) )
mv=rep ( NA , nc )
if(nc>1 )
{
for ( i in 1:nc )
{
for ( j in 1:nc )
{
dt=allraw [ , i] - allraw [ , j ]
mask=!is.na( dt )
if ( sum ( mask , na.rm=TRUE ) >
2 )
{
if ( mean ( abs ( dt ) , na.rm=TRUE ) <.2 )
{ #data is the same
matchv[i , j]=j
}
}
}
}
index=1
for ( i in 1:nc )
{
mask=!is.na( matchv[i , ] )
if ( sum (!is.na( mv[mask ] ) ) > 0 )
{ #found match to already matched number
mv[mask ] =min(mv[mask ] ,na.rm=TRUE )
}else {
mv[mask ] =index
index=index +1
}
}
}else {
mv=1
} srs=levels ( factor ( mv ) )
outar=array ( NA , dim=c( nrow ( allraw ) , length(srs ) ) )
index =1 for ( i in srs )
{
mask=i==mv
if(!is.null(ncol( allraw [ , mask ] ) ) )
{
outar [ , index ] =rowMeans ( allraw [ , mask ] , na.rm=TRUE )
}else {
outar [ , index ] =allraw [ , mask ]
} index=index +1
}
outar=ts ( outar , start=time ( allraw ) [ 1 ] , deltat=1/12 ) outara=calc.anom( outar )
if(!is.null(ncol( outara ) ) )
{
final=ts(rowMeans( outara,na.rm=TRUE ) , start=time ( outara ) [ 1 ] , deltat=1/12 )
}else {
final=outara
}
final
}
I hate what wordpress does to the formatting .
The first section separates the data into timeseries as shown in Figure 1 .
This section was improved to recognize skipped years in the data .
After the data is in each series , they are all compared against each other to determine how similar they are .
Since not many versions of the EXACT SAME data are an exact match , I used this line .
if ( mean ( abs ( dt ) , na.rm=TRUE ) <.2 )
This line takes the mean of the absolute value of the difference .
If the difference is on average greater than 0.2 it decides that it is not the same data .
Consider what that means for our ability to detect 0.5C / century trends .
I know of at least one instance where my eyes told me it was the same data yet it failed this test .
I just was n’t willing to loosen it further .
Really it should n’t make much difference but wow it ’s noisy stuff considering that it ’s from the same instrument at the same time .
Why is there any question at all whether the thermometer measured 25.5 or 25.1 ?
Anyway , after the algorithm decides that the data is the same , all of the ‘ same ’ data is averaged into a single time series before conversion to anomaly as you would sensibly do if you knew it was from the same instrument .
The last section of the algorithm is a bit complicated in it ’s function .
In the 8 series above , you get a list like series 4 is the same as series 1,3 , 8 and in series 8 you get 1,4 so you need to combine evrything so that we know series 3 is also the same as 1,4 and 8 .
Anyway , when it ’s all done if there are multiple “ substantially different ” series , they are then anomalized and combined into a single GHCN time series .
The data is then gridded and the north and south hemisphere are averaged separately .
A comparison to CRU is a little bit problematic as this does n’t include any ocean data — 70 % of the earth .
It also does n’t demonstrate the huge 1998 spike , do n’t know why .
Overall the pre-1970 data is substantially higher than the CRU version and consequently the trend has reduced century scale warming to about 0.45 C/century , although without ocean data this version shows more warming since 1980 .
It does n’t make sense to look at century trend to me , but there has been less warming than advertised according to this curve .
At this point , there needs to be a lot more work on data QC and another look at urban vs rural .
There are too many steps , oddities and station deletions in recent years to make any conclusions at this point but it seemed worthwhile to present the early results .
One of the most recognizable puckstoppers of the Dead Puck Era formally announced his retirement from the game earlier this week , as Curtis Joseph called it quits 20 years to the month after his first NHL game .
" Cujo " achieved part of his fame and reputation here in Edmonton , as he was a critical piece in the Oilers ' " Little Team That Could " that achieved a modicum of success in the 1997 and 1998 regular and post seasons .
Cujo came up through the back roads of success , playing Tier Two in his native Ontario before spending his 20 - year - old season with the Notre Dame Hounds .
He played one year at the University of Wisconsin before signing a pro contract with St. Louis .
After just a half season in Peoria , Joseph was called up to the bigs , pla ing his first NHL game for the Blues on January 2 , 1990 .
After the next , promising season was derailed by injury after 30 GP , Cujo established himself as the Blues unquestioned # 1 goalie in 1991 - 92 , playing his first of what would be 10 NHL seasons of 60 + games .
For the next three seasons Curtis maintained a goals against average just over 3.00 while compiling some gaudy save percentages for the day of .910 , .911 and .911 .
He led the league in saves all three seasons and in Sv % in 1992 - 93 , the only time he led the NHL in a major statistical category .
I fear there may have been some statistical bias hidden within those numbers ; they represented Cujo's 3 best Sv % seasons relative to league average at +.022 , +.026 and +.016 respectively , but dovetailed exactly with his 3 " worst " seasons for shots faced at around 34 shots per game , or about 4 shots per game above league average .
Throughout the rest of his career both shots and save percentage were much closer to league norms .
Either the shot counter in St. Loo was on the liberal side or Cujo is Exhibit A for the theory that more shots and higher Sv % go hand in hand .
Things changed in the lockout shortened 1995 - 95 season , when Mike Keenan took command of the Blues , fresh off his Stanley Cup win with the New York Rangers .
Keenan and Joseph did n't see eye to eye , especially when Iron Mike got the hook out .
Cujo averaged just 53 minutes per GP that season , by far a career low and suggestive of more than a couple of quick hooks .
Under Keenan Cujo's shots against rates plummeted by 6.3 shots per 60 minutes , or over 18 % !
Joseph's Sv % also dropped significantly , to .902 ; however , his GAA also dropped from 3.10 to 2.79 , or 10 % .
( League - wide scoring was down , but not quite to that degree . )
Moreover , he posted the best winning percentage of his career with a 20 - 10 - 1 mark .
Whatever Keenan was doing that may have affected Joseph 's personal stats , the team results were positive .
After hovering in the .500 to .540 range the Blues surged to a .635 points percentage in 1995 - 95 .
But Curtis Joseph wanted out .
His contract was expiring and he was n't interested in continuing to play under Keenan .
That summer of 1995 his rights were dealt to the Edmonton Oilers along with college prospect Mike Grier in a convoluted deal which landed ex-Oiler captain Shayne Corson in St. Louis .
Still without a contract , Joseph did n't report to the Oilers , instead playing the first couple of months with the Las Vegas Thunder of the IHL while his agent upped the ante .
Not until January 1996 did the two sides finally come to terms on a 2 ½ year contract , by which time the Oilers were far out of the playoff race .
Joseph arrived in Edmonton to a hero 's welcome and immediately improved the team 's fortunes , playing all but 5 games the rest of the way as the Oilers posted a respectable second half .
Two years remained on that contract at $ 2.3 MM per , and Cujo really delivered the mail in those two years .
He posted career highs of 72 and 71 GP , and while his Sv % hovered around league average he provided by far the most solid netminding the team had seen in many a year , studded by occasional hot streaks in which he seemed virtually unbeatable for a week or two at a time .
One particularly memorable game occurred in Joe Louis Arena in Dec. 1996 , when Cujo stopped 52 Red Wing shots in a scoreless tie against the soon - to - be Stanley Cup champs .
( Game summary here )
It was a phenomenal display of goaltending from start to end , capped by a phenomenal Joseph stop in the dying embers of overtime against Brendan Shanahan 's 10th shot of the night .
In one of those rare shows of respect one sees only under extraordinary circumstances , Shanny tapped Cujo 's pads in appreciation and disbelief after that one .
It was at the time , an NHL record for saves in a regular season shutout , breaking Terry Sawchuk 's old standard of 51 ; but has since been beaten by Craig Anderson 53 - save shutout in 2008 .
( Honourable mention to Martin Brodeur 's performance of this week when he stopped 51 shots in the hockey game and was perfect on 4 shootout attempts to win a memorable goaltending duel with Henrik Lundqvist , 1 - 0 in the shooutout . )
Fortunately for the Oilers , Cujo went on another of those hot streaks in the playoffs , when he completely frustrated the heavily - favoured Dallas Stars over the course of an epic series ultimately won by Edmonton in overtime of the 7th game .
The Oilers actually won three overtime games in that series , including a 1 - 0 , double - overtime win at Reunion Arena in Game 5 , and of course the memorable Game 7 triumph highlighted by Joseph 's backhand robbery of Joe Nieuwendyk in the 13th minute of overtime .
That was the moment that I became sure the Oilers would win , because it was clear Curtis Jospeh was simply not going to allow a goal .
The Stars and their fans knew it too , the building visibly and audibly sagged at that moment , and only 20 seconds later Todd Marchant burst around Grant Ledyard to score the series winner .
Incredible stuff .
There was more of the same the following spring .
Joseph posted another fine season in Edmonton , setting a career high with 8 shutouts , but once again it was the playoffs where he reached new heights .
Facing the same Colorado Avalanche powerhouse that had knocked the Oilers from the playoffs in the second round the previous spring , Cujo rose to the challenge and outduelled the great Patrick Roy in another 7 - game set .
The Oilers trailed the series 3 games to 1 , and trailed 1 - 0 early in Game 5 when Joseph began a shutout streak that carried through 8 full periods and right through the end of the series .
After coming back in the third to win Game 5 , 3 - 1 , the underdog Oil shocked the mighty
Avs with shutouts of 2 - 0 and 4 - 0 in the deciding games , with Cujo playing brilliantly in all three games .
Of course the magician 's license could n't carry on forever and once again the Oil fell relatively meekly in the second round , this time to the Stars , but The Little Team That Could had bagged another unlikely victim in the process .
But the writing was already on the wall that Joseph would be done as an Oiler that spring .
Glen Sather had toyed with the idea of trading him at the deadline but decided he was too essential to that season 's fortunes .
So his contract was simply allowed to run its course and that summer Cujo became a very attractive free agent , ultimately landing in his home territory of Toronto with a nifty 4 - year , $ 24 MM deal .
Cujo had struck it rich and while it was hard to blame him , or the Oilers for that matter who were simply unable to compete with those kind of dollars , his loss certainly hurt in a major way .
Many
Oiler fans including this one had hoped against hope that the fit was so good that maybe he would sign for some sort of hometown discount , but that was n't what Curtis Joseph was about .
I wo n't delve into the second half of Joseph 's career in quite such loving detail .
He had considerable but not ultimate success in Toronto , where the Leafs were a dangerous contender but always fell short of the Stanley Cup Finals .
In the last of those four seasons he had something of a falling out with another coach , this time Pat Quinn who benched Cujo during the Winter Olympics in what had to be a very difficult decision .
After another playoff elimination in the Conference Finals , Joseph signed a second $ 24 MM windfall contract , this time in Detroit with the Stanley Cup champions to replace the retiring Dominik Hasek .
Joseph reportedly accepted a little less money from the Wings than what the Leafs were offering which had to rankle Leaf fans in a different but still personal way compared to what Oiler fans had gone through four years earlier .
Joseph may well have been the first major free agent to twice switch teams ; fairly or otherwise he acquired the reputation at that point of being more about what was best for Curtis Joseph than any particular team allegiance .
The Holy Grail would continue to elude Cujo in Detroit .
In 2003 the defending champs were swept in the first round by an unbelievable goaltending performance by J - S Giguere .
Joseph played well , but he was no match for the white - hot Anaheim tender .
Then in 2004 Hasek came out of retirement to muddy the waters considerably , even resulting in Jospeh famously being sent down to the minors where he played a single , much - hyped game in the IHL .
Hasek got hurt so Cujo became top dog for the playoffs , but again was the victim of an upset by Miikka Kiprusoff and the Flames .
If I 'm not mistaken both Games 5 and 6 ended 1 - 0 , the latter in overtime , so Joseph was surely blameless in the defeat .
Nonetheless the Wings lost again with him between the pipes .
After that came the lockout which wiped out the third of Joseph 's $ 8 MM seasons .
His stock had fallen so sharply in the new , briefly leaner economic market that he took an $ 6.8 MM haircut to sign on with Phoenix , a pay cut of 85 % !
He played OK with a poor club in Phoenix but the writing was on the wall that his career was winding down .
By 2007 - 08 he was looking for work .
That season he finally reached the only unqualified success of his professional career , in Davos Switzerland of all places .
Joseph had lost the deciding game of both the 1996 World Championships and World Cup , settling for silver each time , and had been consigned to the bench by the time Canada won gold in the 2002 Olympics .
While he was a team member and a gold medallist , he had n't actually won the big one .
But on New Year 's Eve 2007 he was between the pipes and the unchallenged star of the show as he led Canada ( coached by Pat Quinn ) to an upset 2 - 1 victory over Salavat Yulaev Ufa in the Spengler Cup final .
Like Fred Brathwaite before him , Curtis Joseph parlayed that Spengler Cup success into a contract with the Calgary Flames , strictly as Kiprusoff 's backup but with a couple important but ultimately unsuccessful performances in the playoffs .
From there the hockey nomad was on his way back to Toronto where he wrapped up his career in 2008 - 09 .
In his last game on April 8 , 2009 , Joseph earned the loss , tying him with Gump Worsley for first on the all - time list with 352 regular season losses ( one - point losses in the Bettman Era excluded ) .
Unfortunately that is his only NHL record of any note .
What is Cujo 's legacy ?
He made mediocre teams good and good teams better but not better enough to ever reach , let alone win , the Stanley Cup Finals .
He does rank fourth in regular season wins , and sports decent numbers elsewhere including a slightly - above - average career Sv % ( although that somewhat suspect run in 1991 - 94 is implicated here ) .
He was not the type of goalie who prevented many shots , preferring to let the play to come to him .
I would certainly classify Joseph as one of the better , and more durable , goaltenders of the Dead Puck Era .
To me he's not quite in the A / A+ group with the " big four " of Hasek , Roy , Brodeur , and Belfour , but perhaps on the A- / B+ level with the likes of Richter , Luongo , Giguere , Kiprusoff and a select few others .
He was a very , very good one if not quite a great one , and it will be interesting to see how he makes out when he 's eligible for the Hall of Fame .
For sure he 's made lots of friends along the way , even as he 's broken some hearts in the process of switching teams so regularly .
His charity work with Cujo's Cloud Nine and Cujo's Sick Kids has been top drawer stuff that he has taken seriously and personally .
His one major award was the King Clancy Memorial Trophy , the one currently held by the Oilers ' Ethan Moreau and whose previous recipients include several major stars and many of the finest gentlemen in the game .
Curtis Joseph has made a pretty good case for himself on both fronts .
The judge in the trial of a man accused of murdering an abortion doctor dealt the defence a major setback Thursday , ruling that the jury cannot consider a lesser charge of manslaughter .
The ruling in a Wichita , Kan. , courtroom came hours after Scott Roeder took the stand in his own defence and admitted killing Dr. George Tiller on May 31 , 2009 , in the foyer of a Wichita church the doctor attended .
He had previously confessed publicly to the shooting .
Roeder said he acted to save the lives of unborn children .
Roeder 's lawyers had hoped to win a lesser conviction of voluntary manslaughter , which requires them to show their client had an unreasonable but honest belief that deadly force was justified .
The charge carries a considerably lighter sentence than murder .
Roeder has pleaded not guilty to first - degree murder and aggravated assault .
Asked by his own lawyer about his views on abortion , the 51 - year - old Roeder , who is from Kansas City , Mo. , said he believes it amounts to murder .
" From conception forward , it is murder , " Roeder told the court .
" It is not a man 's job to take life .
It is our heavenly father 's .
He is our creator . "
Roeder replied " yes " or " no " to many of the questions he was asked , and his attempts to elaborate drew frequent objections from prosecutors , who say Roeder lacks the medical expertise to describe Tiller 's practice .
When asked to detail the types of abortion procedures he was familiar with , Roeder answered " four or five " and then listed them .
In one instance , he described a procedure as involving the fetus being " torn limb from limb " — a characterization that prompted a quick objection from the prosecution .
Before Roeder took the stand , District Judge Warren Wilbert barred former Kansas attorney general Phill Kline , who is known for campaigning against abortion , from testifying after listening to a preview of Kline 's testimony without the jury present .
Kline investigated Tiller 's clinic , Women 's Health Care Services , in 2006 because he suspected Tiller was violating Kansas 's laws pertaining to late - term abortion .
The case was later dropped because of jurisdictional issues .
Wilbert said allowing Kline 's testimony at the trial would be " inappropriate " and said much of it amounted to " exactly what this court seeks to avoid . "
" I said I would not allow this courtroom to turn into a forum or a referendum on abortion , " Wilbert said .
The decision to bar Kline 's testimony hampers the strategy of the defence , which had hoped to show that Roeder based his actions in part on Kline 's belief that Tiller was breaking the law — a potential step toward a lesser conviction of voluntary manslaughter .
Wilbert had reminded Roeder 's lawyers in court on Wednesday that they had to couple a voluntary manslaughter defence with a showing of imminent danger posed by the doctor .
He noted abortion is legal in Kansas .
The two counts of aggravated assault Roeder faces are for allegedly using a gun to threaten two ushers who tried to stop him after the May 31 shooting .
Three proposed , withdrawn , fought over and politically charged stations along the Central Corridor light - rail line in St. Paul are now back in play .
Recent rule changes by the federal government now make two of the stations along University Avenue “ likely ” and a third station “ possible , ” Metropolitan Council Chair Peter Bell said Wednesday .
The development was welcome news for a number of local leaders , who expressed optimism that all three stations would be built at the same time as the rest of the proposed 11 - mile line linking St. Paul and Minneapolis .
At issue are proposed stations at Hamline Avenue , Victoria Street and Western Avenue .
An array of neighborhood and business leaders — from elected officials to disability - access advocates — have long pushed for the stations to be included in the official project budget , noting that without them , gaps between stations could mean a half - mile walk between bus stops and train stations .
But a federal rule governing the obscure - but - powerful cost - effectiveness index ( CEI ) prevented the stations from being included in the project ’s $ 941 million budget if the Federal Transit Administration were to pick up half the cost .
The city of St. Paul had committed $ 5.2 million to complete one of the stations — it was unclear which one — and “ rough in ” the other two .
Bureaucrats and engineers have struggled to figure out how and when to navigate the federal rules to make even that happen .
In an editorial piece published in Wednesday ’s Pioneer Press , FTA Administrator Peter Rogoff called the situation “ ludicrous . ”
Bell said he ’d confirmed with Rogoff that the changes to the index mean the FTA no longer will scorn the project if all three stations are included .
Moreover , the FTA would match such funds , meaning that the $ 5.2 million committed by St. Paul could effectively build two stations .
“ If the local partners would pay another $ 2.6 million , the FTA would match that ” and a third station could be built , ” Bell said .
“ It ’s absolutely terrific , ” said Anne White , chair of the District Councils Collaborative , one of the myriad neighborhood groups that have pushed for the three stations .
A number of elected officials who support the additional stations — St. Paul City Council members Russ Stark and Melvin Carter III and Ramsey County Commissioners Rafael Ortega and Toni Carter — all said Wednesday that they were optimistic the third station would be built .
Ortega said he was confident the money could be funded through the project ’s contingency fund , which is federally required to be 25 percent of the entire project budget .
“ The challenge of $ 2.6 million is a challenge we welcome , ” Toni Carter said .
Today , she , Melvin Carter and St. Paul Mayor Chris Coleman are scheduled to meet with Rogoff in Washington , D.C .
Melvin Carter said the new developments have altered their strategy .
“ We can now spend more time talking about parking , gentrification and other issues , ” he said .
The three stations have been a flashpoint for a number of concerns along University Avenue that have especially resonated among minority and environmental justice groups , who allege the project will disproportionately hurt them .
A group of Asian business associations has filed a federal civil rights complaint , and on Tuesday , a group of African - American residents and business owners led by the NAACP filed a lawsuit in federal court .
While the inclusion of the three additional stations is one of the demands of the lawsuit , it ’s not the only one , and the lawsuit is n’t going away , plaintiffs said Wednesday .
“ These three stations represent our desire to share in the benefits of this project , but we also have to recognize there are adverse impacts that have to be mitigated , ” said Veronica Burt , a leader of the Preserve and Benefit Historic Rondo Committee , a group involved in the suit .
Bell said Wednesday that the suit was “ without merit ” and emphasized , as have other supporters of the project , that plans are in the works to address a number of the concerns , such as reducing the risk of runaway property values , building affordable housing and assembling more parking to make up for the projected loss of most parking on University .
In other Central Corridor developments Wednesday :
The St. Paul City Council delayed approval of streetscape assessments to property owners along the route , and Stark said he believes the city will be able to defer those payments until 2014 , when trains are projected to start rolling .
Central Corridor officials said the FTA put the kibosh on their plan to finalize a federal funding agreement in late spring , opting for a fall agreement instead .
As a result , local governments will have to float early construction costs until the fall to keep the project on schedule .
After his brothers watched a newscast about the national movement to carry guns in public , they told Sherman “ Tony ” Fontano he could do that himself .
Two San Jose police officers also said it would be OK .
So this week , Fontano , 74 , put his unloaded .357 Magnum into his waistband and took a walk with his girlfriend .
But he was soon surrounded by police who had their own guns drawn .
Unfortunately , nobody had mentioned it is against the law in California to walk with a firearm near your neighborhood school .
“ I just ca n’t see what I did wrong , ” Fontano told the Mercury News on Thursday .
“ I ’m not a member of anything .
I ’m not political .
I just wish the cops would have told me not to carry it near a school .
This was all a total mistake . ”
Fontano was arrested Monday after he and his girlfriend took a shortcut through a field at Allen at Steinbeck School .
A parent spotted the gun-toting retiree and called police .
Fontano finds himself caught up in a national controversy known as the “ Open Carry Movement , ” whose supporters have been trying to convince the public that carrying a pistol in public is as normal as carrying a pen .
John Pierce , one of the co-founders of www.opencarry.org, said the law used to arrest Fontano is one of many arbitrary statutes that violate the constitutional right to bear arms .
He did n’t know about Fontano ’s arrest until called for a comment Thursday , but he said he supports Fontano and people like him .
But San Jose police Sgt. Ronnie Lopez said Fontano ’s actions created a dangerous situation , adding police always take reports of a firearm near a school very seriously .
“ It ’s just not wise to carry a weapon around , ” Lopez said .
“ It could lead to a tragic outcome . ”
Fontano , who could face a felony charge , is out of custody and is scheduled to appear in court on Dec. 28 .
The district attorney is reviewing the case and no charges have been filed , according to spokeswoman Amy Cornell .
With some exceptions in California — including if you ’re near a school , are a felon or high on drugs — people can openly carry unloaded guns .
If you want to carry a concealed weapon in California , you need a permit .
Fontano can’t believe the fuss his morning walk with his never - been - fired Magnum has caused .
“ It ’s a nice looking gun to put in your showcase , ” he said “ So , this here thing has blown me away . ”
Fontano describes himself as an Obama - supporting Republican who grew up hunting for food in Texas to feed a family of eight brothers and four sisters .
His 63 - year - old girlfriend , Deanna Leos , says Fontano ’s brothers were talking to him about a newscast they recently saw about the open carry movement , and told him it was perfectly OK to carry his unloaded Magnum .
About a month ago , Fontano said he stopped two police officers specifically to ask them if he could carry his unloaded gun , and they told him it was fine .
He says no one ever mentioned the school exception .
Leos is “ horrified ” and “ humiliated ” at what happened .
“ They all jumped out at us and pulled their guns like they were going to shoot us , ” she said .
She remembers warning Fontano not to take their morning walk with the gun .
“ I was against it , ” she said .
“ But Tony wanted to prove his point .
I thought this might open a can of worms . ”
Contact Lisa Fernandez at 408-920-5002 .
Mo Mowlam , the former Northern Ireland secretary , was respected for her frankness .
She was blunt in a way that the public found truly refreshing for a top politician .
On one occasion she even told Ian Paisley to " fuck off " .
It has now emerged , however , that there was one fundamental issue about which " honest Mo " , who died in 2005 , refused to tell the truth – to the constituents who voted her in and to her boss , Tony Blair .
For nine years before her death , she had maintained the fiction that she was suffering from a benign brain tumour when in fact it was malignant .
The reality was known only to Mowlam , her husband Jon Norton ( who died last year ) , and her former doctor , Mark Glaser .
Glaser first told Mowlam in 1996 , just months before Labour swept to power , that she had a malignant tumour on her brain – and a life expectancy of just three years .
After the landslide victory , Mowlam was appointed to the cabinet at the head of the Northern Ireland Office .
It was the moment for which she had built her career .
Glaser has revealed the secret to Neil McKay , the author of the Channel 4 drama Mo , starring Julie Walters .
He also told McKay that he ordered Mowlam to tell Blair the truth .
But she rejected her doctor 's instructions , and instead informed both the prime minister and the public that the tumour was , in fact , benign and fully treatable .
Glaser , who is now chief of cancer services at the Imperial College NHS Trust , said he felt a heavy sense of responsibility as Mowlam took up the post of Northern Ireland secretary , in charge of the peace process , denying the existence of a debilitating condition that he expected would kill her within three years .
" A frontal lobe tumour can cause disinhibition , behavioural disturbance and poor judgment , " he told McKay .
" And there she was taking up a job in what was effectively a war situation .
But there was nothing I could do .
I was her doctor .
I was responsible for her care , even if she would n't let me keep records in the proper places or write to her GP . "
Glaser describes his plight at the time as a " professional nightmare " and says Mowlam " deceived me " .
He said : " I told her to tell Blair , but she did n't , she lied .
So I went the extra mile for her because she demanded it from me .
I did n't seek this .
I was trapped .
It was a moral issue and a medical issue .
She was doing this very important job , one that affected so many people 's lives , while she was ill ; but she was also my patient and I owed her confidentiality . "
The doctor explains how the treatment he administered to Mowlam was , initially , very successful and allowed her to carry on with tortuous and exhausting peace talks until she was moved from the post by Blair , against her will , in 1999 .
Had she been in the post much longer , Glaser told McKay , he might have had to go to Blair himself to tell him the truth .
While Glaser was troubled by the problems Mowlam posed , he came to like and admire his most famous and difficult patient .
He felt by the end of her life that he had become her social worker as well as her doctor .
He tells how in advance of particularly important or testing meetings Mowlam would ring and ask to have her medicine adjusted , sometimes to stop her being sick .
As time has worn on , Glaser has begun to feel that her illness may , oddly , have been a reason for the success of the peace talks , rather than a cause of instability that threatened them .
" She was racing against time , " he says .
It is seems clear her tumour may have accentuated and exaggerated her already unusual levels of openness and exuberance , endearing her to the normally flinty , unforthcoming politicians of Northern Ireland who felt more able to open up in discussions as a result .
Even Clare Short , the former international development secretary , a friend of Mowlam 's who had a relationship with Jon Norton after her death , was unaware until she saw the drama recently of the real cause of her death .
Short had no reason to doubt Norton 's explanation that she died from the effects of radiotherapy .
She said Mowlam remained very angry to the end at the way Blair removed her from the Northern Ireland job , believing it was the result of a plot hatched by her successor in the post , Peter Mandelson .
Walters , who shaved her head to play the part of Mowlam , says : " The script is very truthful .
It is very real . "
Ever notice how every bandit on pandora has the EXACT same mask ?
I mean seriously , Who makes them !?
Also , kickass drawing / sketch by the way .
One morning in 1979 , Brian Duffy , then one of the most famous photo - graphers in the world , came into work .
One of his assistants told him they had run out of toilet paper .
His memory is hazy , he admits , but what happened next became an ­episode of snapper folklore .
" I realised , " he recalls in a documentary that airs on BBC4 ­tonight , " that I was making decisions about toilet ­paper .
And I thought , ' This has got to end . '
Either by me murdering my staff , killing myself , or setting fire to the whole fucking thing . "
So he gathered every negative and transparency he had ever shot and burned them on a fire in his back garden .
After that , he never took another picture .
Except , as it turns out , negatives do not easily catch fire .
And when they do , they produce an acrid black smoke : this bonfire ended when an official from Camden council peered over the fence and insisted Duffy put it out .
Duffy packed what remained away in shoeboxes in his attic and turned to painting and furniture - restoring .
It was only in 2007 , when his son Chris went through the boxes , that he reluctantly agreed that they were worth another look .
This led to a show in London last year – the first , anywhere , of his career .
To devotees of photography , these surviving pictures were like a salvaged stack from the library at Alexandria .
Lost portraits of Michael Caine , John Lennon , Nina Simone , William Burroughs , ­Reggie Kray and many more .
And ­fashion shots that remind us how this man ( alongside the other " cockney photographers " David Bailey and ­Terence Donovan ) created the visual spirit of the swinging 60s : making ­fashion fun , colloquial , young .
The son of an IRA man who did time for murder , Duffy grew up " a thug " , in his words , running wild on the bombsites of 1940s London , until he was enrolled in an ­experimental school that believed in rescuing delinquents through art .
It worked , though it did little for his manners : once , when a model smoked cigarettes carelessly in Duffy 's studio , he tipped the ashtray into her handbag .
" Difficult " is how Bailey describes his great pal : " Duffy and aggravation go ­together like gin and tonic . "
But when we meet at BBC Television Centre in London , he could n't be sweeter , smiling and extending an ­enthusiastic hand .
He is 76 now , suffering from lung disease and accompanied by his wife , a friend and a BBC publicist .
But he 's full of anecdotes , which he ­delivers , when his breath allows , with a hand clasped on my arm .
" How long have we got ? " I ask .
" What , before I pass away ? " he grins .
" What are you suggesting – that we go drinking , ­picking up birds or what ? "
His bright eyes dare me to take him up on it .
Perhaps later , I mumble , but first let 's talk about the pictures .
Who did he like photographing best ?
" I quite enjoyed Terry Stamp , " he says .
" He was so self - interested , which is fascinating , and terrific to look at .
The camera loved him . "
It is clear , from the enthusiasm in his voice , that he has not lost all his fondness for his old career .
Duffy was a young fashion designer in 1955 , but turned to photography ­because it was " a darn sight easier than drawing " .
He says : " I wanted to make women look good .
That really intrigued me .
To make a model look as though she owned the clothes . "
It was a ­philosophy that took him to British Vogue and then French Elle , before he started his own studio – a hub for the era 's ­in-crowd , including Peter O'Toole , Michael Caine and the Beatles .
" It was terrific .
There were very few people to know , so you could know everybody . "
Duffy shot Pirelli calendars , prime ministers , and , in the 1970s , the ­revolutionary ( and surreal ) Benson & Hedges campaign , as well as three ­album covers for David Bowie .
He even produced a couple of films .
With all this going on , why did he stick with photography ?
" I loved it , " he says .
" But it was only enjoyable because it was mysterious .
The revelation [ about why a picture worked ] came after – when I 'd go , ' Christ , that 's interesting ! ' "
So when did it cease to be interesting ?
Duffy offers some clues in the BBC 's documentary .
Talking with Bailey , he says he feels the US photographers ­Irving Penn and Richard Avedon " fucked photography for us " .
What does he mean ?
" They got there , " he says , ­referring to their revolutionary work , which pushed at the boundaries of photography .
" You 're a bit annoyed when someone does something and you go , ' Shit !
I was just about to do that ! ' "
The result , says Duffy , was that " photography was dead by 1972 " .
He takes a rare pause , then explains : ­" Everything had been resolved between 1839 and 1972 .
Every picture after 72 , I have seen pre-72 .
Nothing new .
But it took me some time to detect its death .
The first person who twigged was Henri Cartier - Bresson .
He just stopped – and started painting and drawing .
God , he was useless . "
Duffy came to photography through art school , and he remains , at his core , a theoriser and a provocateur .
Certainly , he is a man for whom swearing is not so much a habit as a hobby – and he clearly loves a good wind - up .
" I 'm not very keen on ­Yorkshiremen , " he says at one point , adding : " I used to love watching ­[ racing ] drivers being killed . "
Yet what also comes across is his playfulness and good humour : he enjoys experimenting with an audience , just as he did as a photographer – trying out techniques , poses , situations , everything .
In what he calls the " insecure - making " world of photography , he says , you have to prove yourself anew with every picture , because anybody can use a ­camera .
So Duffy experimented , until he felt the scope for experimentation had ran out .
By the 1970s , he was doing most of his work in advertising – with people he did n't like , on briefs that bored him .
" The more I got into it , the more I ­realised I was hanging out with things I was diametrically opposed to .
And they wanted me to keep a civil tongue up their rectum . "
So he burned everything .
Is it true he actually beat people up as well ?
" Yeah , I think probably I hit a few people , " he says , without pride .
Who ?
" Oh , all sorts of people . "
Assistants ?
" No way ! " ­Models ?
" No ! " People he was photographing for ?
" Yeah .
People who . . . "
" Erm , " says the woman from the BBC .
" I 'm not sure this is the kind of thing . . . " Duffy frowns delightedly .
" You look very worried , " he says .
The Man Who Shot the Sixties is on BBC4 tonight at 9 pm .
Proposed Mormon temple in north Phoenix debated
Mormon Church officials said Monday they want to work with a north Phoenix neighborhood , who turned in more than 16,000 signatures last week asking that voters decide the height of a temple .
Some residents are opposing the temple at 5104 W. Pinnacle Peak Road , saying the structure is not a good fit with the neighborhood .
They are seeking to overturn the City Council decision allowing the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints to build a temple 10 feet higher than zoning allows .
City officials have said the coalition needs 9,800 signatures from registered Phoenix voters to qualify for a referendum .
If there are enough valid signatures , the council will have to reconsider the matter .
If the council reaffirms it original decision , the issue would go before voters in the general election in September 2011 .
The council also could call a special election in September .
Church officials said the petition wo n't change their plans to build the temple at the site .
" We will continue to work on ' bridge building ' with neighbors and others concerned about the planned Phoenix temple , " said Len Greer , a spokesman for the Mormon Church in Phoenix .
" We hope to work towards a satisfactory resolution with all concerned . "
Zoning attorney Paul Gilbert , who has worked on the temple project , also believes the church can work with the neighbors .
" We want to show the neighbors that we can be a good neighbor , " Gilbert said .
Scott Anderson , chairman of the Phoenix Property Rights Coalition , said the coalition plans to contact the church this week .
It is time to present the results of our tests .
In the chart below we present the filters ’ ranking according to the points they achieved in all the categories .
Overall ranking
Filter Result Result [ %] Price [ PLN ] 1 Hoya 72 mm HMC UV -0 36 90 79 Test Hoya 72 mm Pro1 Digital MC UV -0 36 90 155 Test 2 Hoya 72 mm HMC Super UV - 0 35 88 109 Test 3 B+W 72 mm 010M UV - Haze MRC 33 83 190 Test 4 Hama 72 mm UV HTMC 390 ( 0 - Haze ) 32.5 81 139 Test 5 B+W 72 mm 010M UV - Haze MRC Slim 32 80 325 Test Marumi 72 mm MC UV 32 80 128 Test 6 Sigma 72 mm DG UV 30 75 229 Test * Kenko 67 mm Pro1 Digital 30 75 149 Test 7 Heliopan ES 72 mm UV -0 SH - PMC 29 73 271 Test 8 Marumi 77 mm WPC UV 28 70 151 Test 9 Hoya 72 mm UV - 0 - Standard 26 65 79 Test 10 Hama 72 mm UV 390 ( 0 - Haze ) 24 60 109 Test 11 B+W 72 mm 010 UV - Haze 23 58 120 Test B+W 72 mm 010 UV - Haze Slim 23 58 210 Test 12 Heliopan ES 72 mm UV -0 21 53 182 Test 13 Marumi 72 mm UV 20.5 51 91 Test 14 Hoya 72 mm UV G - Series 11.5 29 39 Test 15 King 72 mm UV 10.5 26 59 Test 16 Tiffen 72 mm UV 3.5 9 72 Test
Please Support Us
The coronavirus crisis has been adversely affecting many businesses and , sad but true , ours is not an exception .
Despite that difficult situation we would like to preserve continuity and high quality of publications available on all our websites .
Still , we are now aware it might be impossible without additional financial help .
That 's why we would like to ask all those who visit , read , and care about Optyczne.pl , LensTip.com i Allbinos.com for support - it 's enough you send us a small sum of money via PayPal .
If a lot people decide to support our websites we think we 'll stand a chance and survive next months without any lasting harm .
We count on your support and understanding , stay safe and be healthy .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - advertisement - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
The first three winners will definitely be a surprise for most experienced photographers ( as they were for us ) .
Three of the top four filters are manufactured by the same firm – Hoya – which handily took first and second place .
The very popular and famous MRC B+W filter was only able to gain a third place finish .
The key to success appeared to be good UV ray reduction and high transmission in the visible light range .
The Hoya products performed the best in this category .
We definitely have to add that there could n’t be any mistake or any subjective evaluation .
Most points in our test were accumulated solely based on the parameters that were measured by the spectrophotometer , which obviously is an objective and precise piece of equipment .
And the fact that the filter that costs only 79 Polish zloty earned the highest number of points is very reassuring !
As far as the B+W filter is concerned we need to mention that this company offers products targeted mostly at the 415 or 420 nm radiation wave .
Unfortunately , we were n’t able to find these filters from any Polish distributor and therefore we could n’t test them .
We were very disappointed with the Heliopan products .
The German filters are not only very expensive , but they also presented very mediocre optical parameters .
We were also surprised with the low 8th position of the WPC coatings used by the top model Marumi filter .
Although this filter has the highest light transmission in the visible range and has a very small tendency for flares , it only barely blocks the UV radiation , which should be its primary function after all .
Why would we need a UV filter which cuts out the same amount of UV radiation as a regular glass ?
However this filter can be useful for people , who want to protect their lens from the outer factors .
Thanks to its visible range features , it will pass this part of the exam perfectly .
The last three filters – the Hoya UV G series , King UV and Tiffen UV – were no better than good quality window glass .
It is cruel to say but true .
During our testing we put a piece of regular glass and a very worn out lens from our colleague ’s reading glasses in the spectrophotometer to compare the results .
As far as the light transmission is concerned the old reading glass lens was much better than all three filters , and the regular window glass was n’t much further behind .
Too bad …
The Tiffen filter was particularly unfortunate in our testing .
It costs almost as much as the winner – the Hoya HMC – and it performs a bit worse than a clean piece of regular window glass !
We regret that we were n’t able to get the best products from this company .
We can only hope that those would do much better .
We also would like to mention that we could n’t be more objective as far as the Slim type of filters are concerned .
This is because of our testing procedure , in which we used the equivalent of a small frame 25.5 mm lens .
The Slim filters start showing their superiority when we use the 24 - 28 mm or shorter focal length .
The border here is pretty flexible since it depends on the lens mapping ( you will find more information about the mapping later in this article ) .
However , the typical lens has a much longer focal length and our test shows that it does n’t make sense to pay extra for this kind of filter if our lens does n’t need this feature .
As we did with our binocular tests , we have also performed a cost - to - benefit analysis in addition to the regular test .
Knowing the filters performance test results and the prices we factored in these two polynomial combinations into the overall formula .
The point differences are included in the results .
Readers should assess the results according to the following scale :
over 10 points – great purchase for this price
from 3 to10 points – good purchase for this price
from - 3 to 3 points – you get what you pay for
from - 10 to - 3 points – you overpaid , could have bought something better in this price range
less than - 10 points – a disaster , you threw your money away
The chart below shows the results in the cost - to - benefit analysis category
Cost - to - Benefit Ranking
Filter Cost - to - Benefit Results General Results Price [ PLN ] 1 Hoya 72 mm HMC UV - 0 15.2 36 79 Test 2 Hoya 72 mm HMC Super UV - 0 10.2 35 109 Test 3 Hoya 72 mm Pro1 Digital MC UV - 0 6.8 36 155 Test 4 Hoya 72 mm UV - 0 - Standard 5.2 26 79 Test 5 Marumi 72 mm MC UV 5.1 32 128 Test 6 Hama 72 mm UV HTMC 390 ( 0 - Haze ) 4.6 32.5 139 Test 7 B+W 72 mm 010M UV - Haze MRC 1.9 33 190 Test * 8 Kenko 67 mm Pro1 Digital 1.3 30 149 Test 9 Hama 72 mm UV 390 ( 0 - Haze ) - 0.8 24 109 Test 10 Marumi 77 mm WPC UV -0.9 28 151 Test 11 Marumi 72 mm UV - 2 20.5 91 Test 12 Hoya 72 mm UV G - Series - 2.5 11.5 39 Test 13 B+W 72 mm 010 UV - Haze - 3 23 120 Test 14 Sigma 72 mm DG UV - 3.3 30 229 Test 15 B+W 72 mm 010M UV - Haze MRC Slim - 4 32 325 Test 16 Heliopan ES 72 mm UV -0 SH - PMC - 4.5 29 271 Test 17 King 72 mm UV - 7.1 10.5 59 Test 18 B+W 72 mm 010 UV - Haze Slim - 8.6 23 210 Test 19 Heliopan ES 72 mm UV - 0 - 9.8 21 182 Test 20 Tiffen 72 mm UV - 16.2 3.5 72 Test
We were n’t surprised by the results of this test .
If the general test ’s winner is the 79 Polish zloty filter there is n’t anything better than that in the cost - to - benefit analysis ranking .
The Hoya Company can be very proud of its products in this category .
They occupy the first four places .
Readers would make a very good choice by buying one of them .
There is one more question to answer .
Are the test results relative to different diameter filters ?
Not really .
We will definitely see the difference in vignetting and flares .
But if the manufacturers , in a certain filter series , use the same kind of glass and the same coatings ( and we have no reason to think they do n’t ) the results in a transmitting category can be easily extrapolated over the many other diameters in a certain series .
This is very reassuring since in many cases this is the most important category .
When choosing the smaller diameter filters we usually use them on smaller view angle lenses .
Smaller view angles mean smaller radiation falling angles towards the optical axis and this means smaller vignetting and smaller flares .
The categories for smaller filters , whose results cannot be extrapolated , become less significant .
The results in the transmission category can be extrapolated , which makes our test valuable for everybody who is considering buying a particular filter .
Practically speaking , we could finish our testing right here .
It is , however , worth adding a few words about proper filter use .
In the Internet forums we find lots of complaining about the Hoya filters , i.e. that they are difficult to clean or that B+W products are very easy .
We were n’t able to check it while testing the filters since our agreements with the stores , which provided the filters for the testing , say we have to return the filters in mint condition .
If we wanted to do such a test we would have to make it dirty first ( with our fingers for example ) and then try to clean it .
We decided to do something else .
The filters , except for being smudged by fingers , are often splashed with dirt .
We managed easily and non-destructively to put a couple of drops of water in the filter glass and then we tried to clean it .
This easy test proved the Internet user claims that the B+W was easy to clean – after wiping it with a clean cloth for a couple of seconds , the filter looked like new .
If we spend a bit more time cleaning we can do the same with the Marumi , Heliopana SH - PMC , Kenko filter or most of the Hoya ( HMC , HMC Super i Pro1 Digital ) filters .
We also spent a fair amount of time cleaning the rest of the filters .
The only one we were n’t able to clean — even after a long time wiping it with a clean , dry cloth – was the Hama HTMC filter .
Our test showed that the Hoya filters ( except the Standard version ) were quite easy to clean .
We have to stress that the dirt was only a couple of drops of water .
We have no idea how the filters will deal with other kinds of liquids .
But no matter what kind of filter we use , users must understand that they will get dirty eventually at some point .
We have to remember that the filter ’s antireflective coatings are one hundredth thinner than a single human hair .
If someone advises you to grandma ’s old - fashioned way of cleaning ( i.e. , dish washing soup and dish towels ) you can be sure that even the best filter will probably turn into the regular window glass after a couple of such “ baths ” .
In summary , we would like to add that our test is not an oracle .
The testing categories , the way of choosing the categories , the point system , etc. , are just our propositions .
The criteria and the appraising methods are shown in the chapters above .
In the next chapters you will find each filter described individually and the points we gave it .
This is also great material for those who like to experiment with their own tests , scales and rankings .
You are more than welcome to use our data .
Since you are the ones who will buy the filters and use them , you deserve to be satisfied with the product that you choose .
Troops and riot police are patrolling the Nigerian city of Jos , after fighting between gangs of Muslim and Christian youths in the central city .
At least 12 people have reportedly died but the Plateau State authorities have yet to confirm a figure .
Houses , mosques and churches were set alight and a dusk - to - dawn curfew is now in force .
The city has a history of ethnic and religious tension - at least 200 people were killed in 2008 and 1,000 in 2001 .
Dan Manjang , special adviser on media to the Plateau State governor , said it was not yet known what sparked the unrest on Sunday .
Some are in the church , some in the mosque ... they are scared
Red Cross official Awwal Madobi
He told the BBC's Network Africa programme there were reports , which he found surprising , that it may have started after a football match .
" Thirty - five people have been arrested , five of them in military uniform .
We have not interrogated them ... but these are clearly people who took up arms against the people , " he said .
Reuters news agency quotes residents as saying the violence started after an argument over the rebuilding of homes destroyed in the 2008 clashes .
Nigerian Red Cross official in Jos Awwal Madobi told the BBC families had fled the violence .
" Some are in the church , some in the mosque and the NDLEA ( Nigeria Drug Law Enforcement Agency ) .
It 's not that they are directly affected but they are scared and want to be somewhere secure for their safety , " he said .
He said they needed blankets and food as they had fled empty - handed .
Correspondents say such clashes in Nigeria are often blamed on sectarianism , however poverty and access to resources such as land often lies at the root of the violence .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Republican state senator vying to fill the Senate seat recently vacated by the late Sen .
Ted Kennedy ( D - MA ) says he does n’t believe waterboarding — where a suspect is effectively temporarily drowned — is torture .
State senator Scott Brown ’s candidacy has taken Massachusetts by storm and political analysts by surprise .
Until recently , Democratic state attorney Martha Coakley was considered a shoe - in for the position .
But Massachusetts independents have apparently grown so frustrated with Democrats in Congress , and so tepid on Coakley ’s candidacy , that they may send a Republican to the Senate who seems to contravene many of the state ’s apparently liberal ideals .
ADVERTISEMENT
At a press conference in early January , for example , Brown said that the US should continue to employ waterboarding against terrorist suspects , a technique considered torture for which the US executed Japanese soldiers during World War II .
Speaking of Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , 23 , the Nigerian attempted “ Christmas bomber , ” Brown said that the would - be terrorist should be subject to “ our rules of engagement and laws of war , ’’ and not be tried in civilian courts .
Noted the Boston Globe , “ Brown asserted that waterboarding does not constitute torture , but he did not specifically say Abdulmutallab should be subjected to waterboarding .
He then added , “ I do n’t support torture ; the United States does not support torture , ’’
According to the Globe , Brown was previously a military lawyer in the Massachusetts National Guard .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Boston Herald , Boston ’s more conservative local tabloid , referred to waterboarding as “ simulated drowning , ” and that Brown ’s support for the technique comes “ despite the president ’s recent decision to ban the use of simulated drowning to gain information from enemy combatants . ”
Brown ’s Democratic opponent opposes simulated drowning and argues that suspected terrorists can and should be tried in civilian courts .
The human rights lobbying group Human Rights Watch outlined its assertion that waterboarding was torture in a letter to former Bush Attorney General Alberto Gonzales in 2006 .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Waterboarding is torture , ” the group wrote .
“ It causes severe physical suffering in the form of reflexive choking , gagging , and the feeling of suffocation .
It may cause severe pain in some cases .
If uninterrupted , waterboarding will cause death by suffocation .
It is also foreseeable that waterboarding , by producing an experience of drowning , will cause severe mental pain and suffering .
The technique is a form of mock execution by suffocation with water .
The process incapacitates the victim from drawing breath , and causes panic , distress , and terror of imminent death .
Many victims of waterboarding suffer prolonged mental harm for years and even decades afterward . ”
Human Rights
Watch argued that the measure violated US and international laws .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Waterboarding , when used against people captured in the context of war , may also amount to a war crime as defined under the federal war crimes statute 18 U.S.C. § 2441 , which criminalizes grave breaches of the Geneva Conventions ( in international armed conflicts ) , and violations of Article 3 common to the four Geneva Conventions ( in non-international armed conflicts ) , ” the gruop wrote .
“ Waterboarding is also an assault , and thus violates the federal assault statute , 18 U.S.C. § 113 , when it occurs in the ‘ special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States , ’ a jurisdictional area which includes government installations overseas .
In cases involving the U.S. armed forces , waterboarding also amounts to assault , and cruelty and maltreatment under the Uniform Code of Military Justice .
“ Under the laws of the land , U.S. personnel who order or take part in waterboading are committing criminal acts — torture , assault , and war crimes — which are punishable as felony offenses , ” they added .
“ The Department of Justice should clarify this to all U.S. personnel , and prosecute violations of the law . ”
Should Brown be elected , he will be the first Republican to occupy the seat since Henry Cabot Lodge , Jr. Lodge held the seat until 1953 , when it was taken by John F. Kennedy .
Steven Spielberg . Quentin Tarantino .
Martin Scorsese .
George Lucas .
Modern - day movie directors who 's names are somehow stored in our memory .
At the very top of their game , these directors have that rare ability to transport us into a different time and place , albeit for just a few hours .
They 're artists who can see something most of cannot – imaginary worlds we never knew existed .
But this post is n't to celebrate their achievements , it is to take a look back at memorable movie moments that happened behind the camera .
It 's seeing the worried look on the crew 's face as they shoot just one more take .
It 's that quiet moment shared between the lead actor and director , as the director tries to convey his elaborate vision .
It 's seconds before the cameras roll , when the director anxiously takes his seat and watches , in excitement , as his world take shape .
For these are the moments when the magic truly happens .
“ Film as dream , film as music .
No art passes our conscience in the way film does , and goes directly to our feelings , deep down into the dark rooms of our souls . ”
– Ingmar Bergman
Where the Wild Things Are
[ Link ]
Lord of the Rings
[ Link ]
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull
[ Link ]
Titanic
[ Link ]
[ Link ]
Superman Returns
[ Link ]
Iron Man 2
IFRmSORzylsiChf0P*hIlgk*btkleJcj8bKbMzpO3is9LotnOim61ks4GOuT9-ZQAfTN-wgBwENRWar60AcC/ironman20090723favreaurdj.jpg ” alt = ” ” />
[ Link ]
Shutter Island
Sweeney Todd
[ Link ]
[ Link ]
The Dark Knight
[ Link ]
[ Link ]
Harry Potter and the Half - Blood Prince
[ Link ]
The Departed
[ Link ]
Transformers 2 : Revenge of the Fallen
[ Link ]
James Bond : Casino Royale
[ Link ]
Kill Bill
[ Link ]
This is It
[ Link ]
Star Trek
[ Link ]
The Godfather
[ Link ]
ET
have [ Link ]
Star Wars
[ Link ]
[ Link ]
“ You have to find something that you love enough to be able to take risks , jump over the hurdles and break through the brick walls that are always going to be placed in front of you .
If you do n't have that kind of feeling for what it is you are doing , you 'll stop at the first giant hurdle . ”
– George Lucas
So call me crazy .. but I thought it would be a good idea to write a little web server in PHP .
I ’d like to think that it ’s fast , lightweight and hard working . :-)
Ok , show me the code
1 class HelloWorld 2 { 3 public function call ( $ env ) 4 { 5 return array ( 6 200 , 7 array ( " Content - Type " = > " text / plain " ) , 8 array ( " hello world " ) 9 ) ; 10 } 11 }
This is what a simple Kelpie web app looks like .
The call method accepts an array of CGI like environment variables and returns an array of 3 items :
Status code
Headers as array ( key => value )
Body text as an array ( or Iterator ) of strings
To actually run a Kelpie app , you need to start up a server :
1 $ server = new Kelpie_Server ( ' 0.0.0.0 ' , 8000 ) ; 2 $ server -> start ( new HelloWorld ( ) ) ;
There ’s not really much more to it at the moment , I ’m hoping to build a more fully featured framework on top of this .
For now I ’m just having fun dabbling in writing server apps . :-D
Credits
I can’t really claim much credit I ’m afraid , I have n’t really done anything original here .
Most of the code is based on the Ruby Thin web server .
I also copied the Rack web server interface as you may have noticed . ;-)
I started out this project by writing a PHP extension for the Mongrel http parser .
The httpparser PHP extension code is based on this tutorial and I also used the Python bindings as a guide .
It could really do with some code review , my C is a bit rusty ..
Edit : Big thank you to Alexey for helping out with some review and cleanups , you should check out his PHP app server .
Download
The code is @ github .
Feedback is welcome .
It 's the year 2015 .
The compact device in my hand delivers me the world , one news story at a time .
I flip through my favorite papers and magazines , the images as crisp as in print , without a maddening wait for each page to load .
Even better , the device knows who I am , what I like , and what I have already read .
So while I get all the news and comment , I also see stories tailored for my interests .
I zip through a health story in The Wall Street Journal and a piece about Iraq from ...
Even big time warmists like Andrew Weaver are jumping ship now :
Andrew Weaver , probably Canada ’s leading climate scientist , is calling for replacement of IPCC leadership and institutional reform .
If Andrew Weaver is heading for the exits , it ’s a pretty sure sign that the United Nations agency is under monumental stress .
Mr. Weaver , after all , has been a major IPCC science insider for years .
Weaver is of course the scientist who said that it is " dangerous " to give both sides equal weight in the AGW debate and when speaking of the IPCC 's Fourth Assessment Report said , it " is n’t a smoking gun ; climate is a battalion of intergalactic smoking missiles "
Not all Rats are created equal , but we can get rid of ALL of them .
If you think you saw one but are n’t sure … then you DID see one .
Bed Bugs live everywhere , not just in your mattress , Bed bugs can hide in furniture and behind wall coverings … and you are on the menu .
If someone in your building has them , Guess what ?
So do you .
Some female cockroaches mate once & are pregnant for rest of their lives .
Say Goodbye to Pests in NYC with Your Local Rodent and Mouse Exterminator
Living in New York City means that you are highly aware of the pest problems that come with such a densely populated urban area .
While it may seem like you are in a constant battle with these critters , Beyond Pest Control Inc. offers the most comprehensive services for getting rid of them for good .
Whether you are struggling with rodents , cockroaches , ants or insects , our full service options allow you to receive effective treatments in order to live a more comfortable life .
Your Leading Local Pest Control Experts
Beyond Pest Control Inc. is a locally run family owned business that operates across the NYC areas .
With a committed team of pest control experts , we take advantage of our years of extensive experience to deliver service using the most effective solutions for results that last .
As a team that is committed to being green , our treatments are safe to use and friendly to the environment , ensuring a result that not only solves your problem but leaves minimal damage to everything else around you .
Effective Cockroach & Flea Pest Control Solutions
Seeing a cockroach scuttling behind your refrigerator is enough to induce some panic , but when you think about all of the ones that you cannot see , then this is definitely cause for alarm .
Beyond Pest Control Inc. offers exceptional control of cockroaches , fleas , ants , insects and other pests that may be lurking in your apartment .
Our methods are designed to provide immediate relief from the burden that these pests are causing you .
Need Pest Control in NYC that Works ?
Call Today !
While pests may be a typical problem in NYC , you have robust , effective solutions that you can take advantage of in order to get rid of them for good .
Beyond Pest Control Inc. is your leading local pest control expert .
Set up an appointment for service today by calling ( 718 ) 777-2345 .
Pest Control Services You Can Trust
Have you spotted roaches sneaking around your apartment ?
Do you have mice in the attic of your home ?
Have those infuriating bed bugs entered your domain ?
If you answered yes to any of these questions , you ’ve come to the right place .
Here at Beyond Pest Control in NYC , we pride ourselves with being one of the best pest control services in the area .
Our trained exterminators know how these pest work .
This knowledge allows us to come into your home and offer pest removal that not only works but can be used to keep your home bug and pest free for a long time to come .
Ridding Yourself of Pests Around Your Home
Our pest removal services are n’t only proven , but they are trusted by all those we ’ve serviced in the past .
At Beyond Pest Control in NYC , we believe in offering low - cost , high - quality pest control services to those in need .
Our exterminators are n’t only highly skilled but dedicate themselves to providing friendly , helpful customer service each time we walk through your door .
We offer to schedule at your convenience , including same - day appointments when available .
Being flexible is our way of being there for you when you need us .
If you are suffering at the hands of pests , you are ready to evict from your NYC residence , give us a call .
We ’ll be glad to do it for you !
For more information on the services we offer in NYC and the surrounding areas or to schedule an appointment , give us a call at 718-777-2345 today !
Wanna know why the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan are so expensive ?
Here 's one big reason :
The U.S. military consumes 22 gallons of fuel per soldier , per day .
And each gallon costs $ 45 or more to haul to the battlefield .
That 's according to a new Deloitte study , flagged by our friend Paul McLeary at Aviation Week .
Actually , $ 45 per gallon is a lowball estimate ; according to the Navy , it 's more like $ 300 to $ 400 .
( Talk about sticker shock . )
But the costs of guzzling that much gas wo n't be measured just in dollars , the study warns .
Fuel has to be driven in to Afghanistan 's isolated bases .
Which opens up U.S. convoy to improvised bomb attacks .
Which invariably leads to troops dying .
" Absent game - changing shifts , the current Afghan conflict may result in a 124 % ( 17.5 % annually ) increase in U.S. casualties through 2014 , " according to Deliotte .
The Defense Department has all kinds of isolated initiatives to try to cut down its dependence on fossil fuels : massive solar arrays , hybrid rides , trash - powered generators .
But most of these efforts are concentrated on making the Pentagon 's domestic operations more energy efficient .
For the troops in the field , it 's still a steady diet of gas .
[ Photo : U.S. Army ]
ALSO :
Free Trade Takes Effect Between China and ASEAN Nations
The China - ASEAN Free Trade Area ( ACFTA ) took effect Friday , January 1 , 2010 .
The free trade agreement between the 11 nations targets to reduce tariff rates to zero .
A tariff is a duty imposed on goods when they are moved across a political boundary .
The free trade area became the world ’s largest free trade area in terms of population and the third largest in terms of products .
It will reduce tariff rates on 7,881 product categories , or 90 % of imported goods to zero .
It was approved last November 4 , 2002 by the heads of government of the 11 nations at that time .
The ASEAN , or Association of South East Asian Nations , is composed of Brunei Darussalam , Indonesia , Malaysia , the Philippines , Singapore , Thailand , Cambodia , Laos , Myanmar and Vietnam .
The first six nations were the original members .
It has two candidate states ( observer status ) namely , Timor - Leste and Papua New Guinea .
The reduction , however , comes in steps .
The newest four members are required to reduce tariffs by 2015 .
It will only be by then that the zero tariff rates take full effect .
As of the moment , the following took effect instead :
Film Threat founder Chris Gore has sold the webzine to former editor - in - chief Mark Bell for an undisclosed six - figure sum .
Gore , who founded Film Threat 25 years ago , made the announcement during the Sundance Film Festival .
Once upon a time a fanzine , then a glossy magazine from Larry Flynt , but most recently a lively indiefilm website , it will relaunch in February .
" Ryan was an important part of the success of ZBrush 3 .
His blend of a traditional artistic background and technical prowess was key in helping us shape the next - generation of digital sculpting software . "
Jaime Labelle , COO Pixologic
TUTORIALS
Introduction to ZSpheres II :
Learn everything you need to know about the new ZSpheres in ZBrush 3.5 .
This 35 minute tutorial covers the fundamentals of working with ZSpheres , Adaptive Skin settings , Unified Skin settings , Classic Skinning from ZBrush 2 , and a brief look at ZSketching .
Duration 39 min .
The Gnomon Workshop is pleased to announce the release of its first tutorials on ZBrush 3.5 .
These three new tutorials , by ZBrush guru Ryan Kingslien , focus on ZSpheres II and ZSketching .
The third tutorial , ZSketching Workflow for Character Maquettes , demonstrates how to use these new tools to produce a maquette that is then sculpted using ZBrush 's advanced brush system .
These tutorials are available as Digital Download and are also viewable in two of our new subscription plans . " Ryan was an important part of the success of ZBrush 3 .
His blend of a traditional artistic background and technical prowess was key in helping us shape the next - generation of digital sculpting software . "
Jaime Labelle , COO PixologicLearn everything you need to know about the new ZSpheres in ZBrush 3.5 .
This 35 minute tutorial covers the fundamentals of working with ZSpheres , Adaptive Skin settings , Unified Skin settings , Classic Skinning from ZBrush 2 , and a brief look at ZSketching .
Mayor Sheila Dixon of Baltimore , who was convicted of embezzlement last month , said Wednesday that she would resign from office in early February as part of a deal negotiated with prosecutors .
Under the agreement , Ms. Dixon will not seek a new trial or run for city or state office before her probation ends .
She agreed to contribute $ 45,000 to charity and will also plead guilty to certain counts of an outstanding perjury indictment .
In return , Ms. Dixon will receive four years of unsupervised probation and keep her $ 84,000 - a- year pension .
Ms. Dixon , 56 , was convicted on Dec. 1 of misappropriating about $ 500 in gift cards donated to the city for needy families when she was City Council president .
She became mayor in 2007 and will be succeeded by the current City Council president , Stephanie Rawlings - Blake .
As a parent , I feel compelled to say that I do not condone murderous , vigilante shenanigans and extreme , “ Deadwood ” - style swearing by children .
OK ?
That being said , the “ Kick - Ass ” trailer showcasing the foul - mouthed , cap - busting 11 - year - old character Hit - Girl is bananas .
My friend T. , who studied film in college , described it perfectly as “ One of the most appalling movie clips I ’ve ever seen , and one of the most awesome . ”
I have n’t read Mark Millar ’s “ Kick - Ass ” comic , but based on this clip alone , I kinda wish the movie was just about Hit - Girl .
There ’s been some discussion of whether 12 - year - old Chloe Moretz ’s bloody turn as a pint - sized assassin is yet another sign of our depraved , hell - in - a - handbasket times .
Obviously , in real life , a child ( or anyone ) shooting folks in the face is horrifying .
But personally , I find the success of the “ Saw ” franchise and child beauty pageants far more troubling than this clip for a movie that is so not for kids .
As V. put it , if you replaced Moretz with Charlize Theron , it would just be another action flick .
( I also wonder if people would be less disturbed by Hit Boy .
Anybody remember how 10 - year - old Damian Wayne decapitated a criminal and then tried to put Tim Drake on ice in “ Son of Batman ? ” I ’m just saying . )
Maybe it ’s because I grew up in the ’70s when Jodie Foster and Brooke Shields were playing tween prostitutes and the original Bad News Bears cursed like sailors , but I ca n’t get into an End Times tizzy over this .
If anything , the Hit - Girl clip stands in stark contrast to the chicks - as - victims stereotype we ’ve seen a zillion times .
I suppose you could make the case that an impressionable child could find the clip on YouTube and mimic the violence , but a kid who is roaming the Internet unsupervised will find a whole lot worse than this .
Given that the world is full of real children who are forced into the unthinkable — child soldiers come to mind — wringing our hands over a fictional character ’s acts of cartoon violence seems a bit silly .
As Hit - Girl herself might put it , this made - to - shock clip is just % $ #@ng with us .
A lot of reports out today collectively gave me a very bad feeling about the state of our current housing recovery .
First , Amherst Securities Group took a look at Pay Option ARMs .
These are the adjustable rate loans so popular in 2006 that allowed you to choose your monthly mortgage payment , while tacking what you do n't spend on to the principal of your loan .
Only 9 percent of these loans had full documentation from the borrower and 76 percent were originated in California , Florida , Arizona and Nevada , our four disaster states for housing .
It should therefore come as no shock that they are suddenly approaching subprime in their delinquency status .
So while we all sit around saying that the subprime loans have already worked their way through the system , they 're fast being replaced by POA's .
" For 2006 securitized issuance , 61 % of subprime loans have defaulted , as have 49 % of the option ARMs , " according to the Amherst report .
Not soon after I saw that report , another flew into my " In " box from Fitch ratings : " Overall , prime RMBS 60 + days delinquencies rose to 9.2 % for December 2009 , up almost three times compared to the same period last year ( 3.2 % in December 2008 ) .
The 2006 /2007 vintages combined rose to 12.7 % from 4.3 % . "
They 're talking about residential mortgage backed securities , which of course are pools of residential loans .
Then there was the report I received last night from Lender Processing Services :
" Total delinquencies , excluding foreclosures , increased to a record high 9.97 percent , representing a month - over - month increase of 5.46 percent and a year - over - year increase of 21.29 percent .
Loans rolling to a more delinquent status totaled 5.01 percent compared to 1.52 percent of loans that improved .
Of loans that were current in December 2008 , 4.37 percent were either 60 or more days delinquent or in foreclosure by the end of November 2009 , a rate higher than any other year for the same period . "
So instead of diving into a bottle of Ketel One , I jumped on a conference call with the Mortgage Bankers Association that included their chief economist Jay Brinkmann 's economic forecast .
Brinkmann spoke quite a bit about unemployment , noting that while the rate of job losses is definitely slowing , the already - unemployed are not getting back into the job market at a healthy rate .
He noted specifically that this would mean many more prime loan defaults by borrowers in financial trouble as opposed to borrowers who took out loans they never should have been offered .
" Over one - third of prime jumbo borrowers that are current on their mortgages also are ‘ underwater ’ on their mortgages , " said Vincent Barberio of Fitch .
Makes you wonder how long they 'll stay current .
From the historical London Fix data for 2009 on Kitco.com :
Gold went from a low of $ 810.00 USD an ounce on January 15 , to a high of $ 1218.25 on December 3 — a 50 % increase .
Platinum went from a low of $ 915.00 an ounce on January 15 , to a high of $ 1500.00 on December 3 — a 64 % increase .
Silver went from a low of $ 10.51 an ounce on January 15 , to a high of $ 19.18 on December 2 — an 82 % increase .
Palladium went from a low of $ 176.00 an ounce on January 15 , to a high of $ 402.00 on December 31 — a 128 % increase .
To those who say palladium has no historical use as a currency , consider that it has its own international currency code ( XPD ) , along with gold ( XAU ) , silver ( XAG ) and platinum ( XPT ) , the Canadian Mint minted one ounce coins from 2005 - 2007 and in 2009 , and you can purchase that and other palladium bullion here , and from other stores like Kitco .
Although the jingles are strongly associated with Oscar Mayer , Mr. Scott said he insisted on avoiding anything too reminiscent of the old spots in music for the new ads .
Image
One of the brand ’s cheerful print ads includes the overall campaign ’s tagline , “ It does n’t get better than this . ”
“ What we did not want to do was write jingles .
We intentionally stayed away from having them sing about individual products  we did n’t want people singing about hot dogs or bologna , we wanted to capture the spirit of the brand , ” Mr. Scott said .
“ I think those jingles , they ’ll still live on in different places and in different touchpoints , but oftentimes certain jingles can hearken back to yesteryear . ”
McGarryBowen asked several musicians to compose songs , and settled on one from Joy Williams , a Nashville - based songwriter who has written for the “ American Idol ” contestants Mandisa and David Archuleta .
She wrote what ended up being the tag line for the whole campaign , “ It does n’t get better than this . ”
It sounds like a pop song one might hear on a light - FM station , wedged between Natasha Bedingfield and Ingrid Michaelson : “ I ’ve got everything I want right here right now , sun keeps shining like it wo n’t ever go down , oh it ’s pure bliss , my world is brighter , ” and so on into the sunshine .
The television commercials are scheduled to begin running during the Golden Globes ceremony on Sunday .
They show cheerful scenes from suburban life : a little girl giggling and pulling apart bologna in the backseat of a sport utility vehicle as her mother looks on affectionately ; a working mother pulling toys out of her brown - bag lunch , then an Oscar Mayer premade sandwich , and calling her son to thank him for packing it ; parents waking up their sleepy teenager with the smell of frying bacon .
“ I think the importance of all of these was to tell little stories , and little stories that you just happened upon , ” Mr. Scott said .
“ None of the work is people staring at the camera delivering lines . ”
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
McLaren has undertaken a reshuffle of its race engineering crews in a bid to help get the best out of both Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button this year .
The Woking - based team has promoted Hamilton 's former race engineer Phil Prew to the position of principal race engineer - with engineering crews now to be built around each of its two drivers .
Andy Latham will become Lewis Hamilton 's race engineer , with Jakob Andreasen assuming a similar role for Jenson Button .
McLaren managing director Jonathan Neale said the team had decided to undertake the restructure as the result of Button 's arrival and new resource restrictions coming into force this year .
" [ There were ] several reasons : firstly , we felt it was the right time , " said Neale .
" Both our current race engineers , Phil Prew [ Lewis Hamilton ] and Mark Slade [ Heikki Kovalainen ] , have been the team 's race engineers for more than 15 years .
" We 've now got a number of very good people who are trained and ready to go - and we want to give them the platform from which they can make their experience and expertise really count .
" We also want to build an engineering team around Jenson , in exactly the same way we did with Lewis back in 2007 .
We want to create a strong group of individuals who can bring out the best in Jenson 's naturally smooth style .
" Additionally , we 're very keen to keep on developing our organisation .
We 've seen huge developments in aerodynamics , engineering and manufacturing throughout the team , and we are taking the reduction in trackside staff as an opportunity to strengthen race engineering .
" With the resource restriction agreement affecting the number of personnel we 'll bring to the races this year , we also saw this as an ideal opportunity to look at how the process works and to make some changes accordingly . "
Neale said ensuring that both Button and Hamilton were treated totally equally was a key factor
" We 'd been looking at it since the end of the season , but , naturally , were n't making any decisions in race engineering until we 'd finalised our driver line - up , " he said .
" Now that we have Jenson confirmed to drive alongside Lewis , we want to make absolutely sure we can do an equal job for both drivers .
" To help facilitate this , Phil Prew , who has been Lewis 's race engineer for the past few years , is going to take on a new role as the team 's principal race engineer .
He 'll travel to every race and will manage the set - up , development , and sharing of data and information between both race engineering teams . "
The UN security council voted unanimously yesterday to approve an additional force of 3,500 police and soldiers for earthquake - devastated Haiti , amid rising concern over outbreaks of looting by desperate survivors and the re-emergence of notorious gang leaders who escaped when the country 's prisons collapsed .
The extra security forces will bolster the UN stabilisation force of some 7,000 troops who are already in the country .
The vote came as relief efforts turned from the search for survivors buried under the rubble to the delivery of much needed food , water , shelter and medical assistance to some 250,000 Haitians in most need , many of them living on the streets , who have seen little or no aid a week after the catastrophe .
The reinforcement , requested by the UN secretary general , Ban Ki-moon , who visited Haiti on Sunday , is intended to bring under control outbreaks of looting and violence that have slowed distribution of supplies to the survivors of the earthquake that killed an estimated 200,000 people .
The police chief in Port - au - Prince , Mario Andersol , said he could muster only 2,000 officers in the capital , down from 4,500 before the quake , and they were " not trained to deal with this kind of situation " .
On Monday the World Food Programme only managed to feed half the 100,000 people it planned to reach because security forces were not available to escort its trucks .
The vote at the UN came as a further 2,000 US marines landed in Haiti , bringing the numbers who have deployed for the disaster to 11,000 , including scores of US paratroopers who landed at the damaged presidential palace .
Amid continuing concerns over a lack of co-ordination in the emergency efforts , which has seen only a trickle of promised aid reach hundreds of thousands of Haitians in desperate need , American commanders also announced that they hoped to open two more runways at Port - au - Prince 's airport within the next few days .
The US military , which began limited airdrops of food and water , including some 14,000 ready - to - eat meals and 15,000 litres of water , said today it was now considering airdrops across Haiti .
Previously it had ruled out airdrops because of fears they might spark riots .
The U - turn has been forced by an acute shortage of fuel that has been hampering efforts to distribute aid that has already arrived in the country .
Many motorists say they have tried for days to fill empty tanks or jerrycans at service stations that jacked up prices and rationed gasoline sales .
Most of the people on the wrecked streets of Port - au - Prince are on foot because their motorcycles or cars have run dry .
" Fuel has become a critical issue in terms of being able to get vehicles with water and food out to people , " a spokeswoman for the World Food Programme , Emilia Casella , said in Geneva .
The latest increase in US and peacekeeping forces came as paratroopers from the 82nd Airborne Division were landed by helicopter at the partly collapsed presidential palace .
They then marched to Port - au - Prince 's nearby general hospital , apparently to protect international medical teams who are racing against time to tend seriously injured quake victims .
While army paratroopers took charge of key sites in the capital , US marines were also landing south of the city to link up with UN peacekeepers and prepare to land a larger flow of troops and equipment .
The increased US deployment , while applauded by some Haitians , was criticised by others who see it as an " occupation " .
Medical teams pouring into Port - au - Prince to set up mobile hospitals said today they were still overwhelmed by the casualties and warned of the immediate threats of tetanus and gangrene as well as the spread of measles , meningitis and other infections .
The World Health Organisation said today at least 13 hospitals were now working in or around Port - au - Prince .
The UN agency was bringing in emergency medical supplies today to treat 120,000 people over the next month , WHO spokesman Paul Garwood told reporters in Geneva .
" We are not past the emergency phase yet , but we are starting to look at the long - term , " said Margaret Aguirre , of the International Medical Corps , whose staff had helped with 150 amputations so far .
Taiwan and Venezuela - Haiti's main bilateral creditors - today came under intensifying pressure to cancel the impoverished Caribbean country 's debts .
Haiti owes $ 167 m ( £ 102 m ) to Venezuela and $ 91 m to Taiwan .
The Paris Club - an informal group of 19 creditor governments from industrialised countries that includes Britain - agreed last July to cancel their claims on Haiti , totalling $ 214 m .
Britain was one of the first members of the Paris Club to cancel all dets owed to it by Haiti .
Still , species like gibbons and whales make complex vocalizations in which the order of the sounds seems to have some effect on their meaning , though it is hard to say what .
Dr. Zuberbühler ’s team reports deciphering some of the Campbell ’s monkey ’s communication system in The Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Image A male Campbell ’s monkey in Tai Forest , Ivory Coast .
Credit ... Florian Moellers
“ Krak ” is a call that warns of leopards in the vicinity .
The monkeys gave it in response to real leopards and to model leopards or leopard growls broadcast by the researchers .
The monkeys can vary the call by adding the suffix “ - oo ” : “ krak - oo ” seems to be a general word for predator , but one given in a special context  when monkeys hear but do not see a predator , or when they hear the alarm calls of another species known as the Diana monkey .
The “ boom - boom ” call invites other monkeys to come toward the male making the sound .
Two booms can be combined with a series of “ krak - oos , ” with a meaning entirely different to that of either of its components .
“ Boom boom krak - oo krak - oo krak - oo ” is the monkey ’s version of “ Timber ! ”  it warns of falling trees .
There is yet another variation on this theme , Dr. Zuberbühler ’s team reports .
Into the “ Timber ! ” call , the Campbell ’s monkeys insert a series of up to seven “ hok - oo ” calls .
The combined call indicates the presence of other monkey groups and is heard most often when the monkeys are on the edge of their home range .
The meaning of monkey calls was first worked out with vervet monkeys , which have distinct alarm calls for each of their three main predators : the martial eagle , leopards and snakes .
But the vervets did not combine their alarm calls to generate new meanings , unlike human words that can be combined in an infinite number of different sentences .
But financial forces are at work against any changes .
If the difference between a PG - 13 and an R rating can be tens of millions of dollars at the box office , the last thing studios want is to slice the pie thinner .
“ In general , the more child - friendly the rating is  even for movies that might not be aimed at teenagers  the more tickets you sell , ” said S. Abraham Ravid , a business professor at Rutgers University who has published many studies on movie economics .
Joan Graves , the chairwoman of the film industry ’s Classification and Rating Administration , declined to comment on “ It ’s Complicated , ” citing internal policy barring the public discussion of a specific picture .
But she dismissed criticism of her board members .
“ They react the way that most people react , ” she said .
“ America is not just two coasts . ”
Some in the industry see something deeper at work , arguing that the trade organization is on its best behavior because it has a lame - duck leader in Dan Glickman ( who is to step down as chief executive in September ) and because Congressional elections will take place next year .
The Federal Trade Commission harshly criticized the movie industry this month for inappropriately advertising movies with PG - 13 and R ratings to children .
It was not specifically the actual drug use that got “ It ’s Complicated , ” about a divorced woman who has an affair with her remarried ex-husband , into this pickle , according to people with knowledge of how the decision was reached .
Instead , the ratings board was concerned about what the movie did not have : a negative consequence for the behavior .
( Ms. Graves said that “ no scrutiny or outside influence impacts the rating of any film  period . ” )
The board , according to these people , thought the scene was uproariously funny and could leave children with a strong message that smoking marijuana is fun .
The opposite , of course , could be argued :
One way to make young people think that marijuana is uncool is to show the white - haired Mr. Martin , 64 , smoking it .
This emphasis on consequences has long been part of how Hollywood has navigated taboo subjects , dating back to the Hays Code era , said Robert Sklar , an emeritus professor of cinema studies at New York University and the author of “ Movie - Made America . ”
“ If somebody transgressed  infidelity , alcoholism  they had to pay for it , ” he said .
The M.P.A.A. is often accused by conservative groups of “ ratings creep , ” a loosening of standards as the years go on , and of pandering to the studios , which resist R ratings because it could limit the audience .
But “ It ’s Complicated ” may be an example of the reverse .
A pillow that is a regular envelope , then if you need to feel some love you turn it over and its an orangered envelope .
AND ... the most awesome , softest , cuddliest , blanket with a ginormous reddit alien .
I never could have imagined such a great gift .
I scored big big time with my secret santas .
EXCLUSIVE : Inside China 's secret toxic unobtainium mine
Last week it was reported that China - which has a global monopoly on the production of rare - earth metals - is now threatening to cut off vital supplies to the West .
A shortage would jeopardise the manufacturing and development of green technologies such as wind turbines and low - energy lightbulbs .
RICHARD JONES is the first Western journalist to visit the rare - earth mines in Inner Mongolia to discover why China is unwilling to give up its precious elements ...
It looks like a scene from an apocalyptic science - fiction movie .
High on the frozen plains of Inner Mongolia , giant trucks rumble across the floor of a lunar - like crater so vast that it looks as if it might have been gouged out by a meteorite .
As we peer down at the eerie spectacle from the crater 's edge , a security guard behind us barks out in Mandarin : ' Explosives !
Move away !'
Seconds later , a deafening crack rings out and part of a 660 ft high rock face is brought crashing down .
Booming business : Explosives tear down yet more rock in the vast Baiyun Obo mine
When the dust settles , 170 - ton dumper trucks close in to scoop up the rocks .
They are taken to refineries where rare - earth metals - known in the mining industry as ' unobtainiums ' because they are so scarce - will be extracted using boiling acid and other toxic chemicals .
This two - mile - wide crater in one of the most remote corners of China is the secretive Baiyun Obo mine .
It 's the world 's biggest mine and the largest single source of rare - earths , the metallic elements that are driving the global revolution in green technology .
The rare - earths blasted out of rocks here feed more than 77 per cent of global demand for elements such as terbium , which power low - energy lightbulbs ; neodymium , which powers wind turbines ; and lanthanum , which powers the batteries of hybrid cars such as the Toyota Prius .
They are also used in mobile phones , computers , iPods , LCD screens , washing machines , digital cameras and X - ray machines , as well as missile guidance systems and even space rockets .
Industries reliant on the rare - earths are estimated to be worth an astonishing £ 3trillion , or five per cent of global GDP .
I was the first Western journalist to set foot inside the mine .
What I saw at Baiyun Obo and the poisoned refineries it feeds raises disturbing questions about the future we are buying into - and who will control it .
A brave worker agreed to smuggle me past tight security and the police patrolling the perimeter in four - wheel - drive vehicles to show me around the site which is run by the state - controlled Inner Mongolia Baotou Steel Rare - Earth Hi-Tech Company .
On the crater floor , Terex dumper trucks , the largest in China , towered over us as they shifted 168 tons of rare - earth rock .
It 's a 24 - hour - a - day operation .
Front line : A worker 's clothes are peppered with holes burned by the acid used by refineries to extract the rare - earths from the rocks
The rocks are full of rare - earth metals combined with iron ore , and the rare - earths are extracted as a supplementary process to the iron - ore extraction , making it the most productive source of rare - earths on the planet .
It is a source upon which the Western world has become dependent .
In 2008 , China supplied 139,000 tons worldwide , 97 per cent of the world 's total rare - earth production .
The architect of modern China , Deng Xiaoping , realised the significance of the elements lurking in the arid wastes of Inner Mongolia almost 20 years ago when he said : ' There is oil in the Middle East but there is rare - earth in China . '
His pride is shared by mine worker Shang Liqing , who drove me to a vantage point overlooking the huge main mine .
' This is n't just the rare - earth home town of China but of the entire world , ' he said .
Describing how the mining business has transformed the small town of Baiyun Obo , he explained : ' The roads here were dirt tracks only a few years ago and the workers used to live in shacks .
Now they live in apartment buildings .
There are no beggars in this town any more .
Anyone can make money out of these rocks . '
That is why some farmers from the grasslands and plateaus surrounding the mines have given up working the land .
In He Jiao , 30 miles south of Baiyun Obo , exfarmer Liu said he was earning far more money working at the mine .
' I can make much more money and easier money , too , ' he boasted .
' I work nine months a year and I still make five times as much .
Soon , we will leave this house and move to a new apartment I have bought . '
But the new - found wealth has come at an appalling environmental price , turning the town and the surrounding areas into a poisoned , arid wasteland littered with unregulated refineries where the rare - earths are extracted from rocks .
The crude refineries squat along the valleys north of the town , surrounded by partly frozen red-coloured ' tailing lakes ' up to a square mile in size where rocks are kept before being processed .
The land is scarred with toxic runoffs from the refining process and pock - marked with craters and trenches left by the huge trucks that transport the rocks across ice and mud .
Rusting machinery lies scattered along the valley floor , giving it the appearance of a war zone .
Around 100 miles south of Baiyun Obo , larger rare - earth refineries sit around the banks of the world 's largest tailing lake , Baogang - seven square miles of evil - smelling toxic waste that shows the shocking extent of this industry 's impact .
It is a scene that Chinese officials , and particularly those from Baotou Steel , do not want the world to see .
Several villages close to the lake have already been relocated because of pollution and only minutes after we reached the lake , security guards hired by the mining company arrived to hustle us away .
At a remote processing plant called He Jiao Mu Qu , in nearby Guyan county , workers showed me around what must be one of the most toxic factory floors anywhere .
They earn relatively high salaries - 1,600 yuan ( £ 145 ) a month for removing rare - earth from rocks .
Inside the factory , boiling sulphuric acid flows in open trenches and boiling yellow lava spews out of kilns at the end of rotating steel pipes .
The sulphur - filled air stings the eyes and burns the lungs .
Workers ' clothes were peppered with acid burns .
' We start out with uniforms but they soon get burnt away by the acid , ' I was told by one worker whose trousers were a honeycomb of acid burns .
' They give us gloves and masks .
But the masks do n't do much .
I have trouble breathing at the end of every 12 - hour shift . '
Heavy duty : 170 - ton trucks carry away the blasted rock from Baiyun Obo mine
Another worker , Guo Fu Qiang , said : ' The money is quite good .
But our boss does n't pay us anything extra for working in the summer heat or freezing winters , and none of us has accident insurance . '
A worker in an adjoining factory warehouse insisted he would never work on the factory floor , however much he was offered .
' It 's suicide , ' he said .
' If you work in there long enough , you will die of cancer . '
Ironically , as the environment surrounding the mines in Inner Mongolia becomes more poisoned , demand for green technology in the West is driving up demand for rare - earth metals .
Worldwide consumption is expected to hit 200,000 tons a year .
China has a virtual monopoly on the market but has been cutting export quotas in each of the past three years , saying it needs rare - earths for its own increasingly hi-tech industrial output and that the West should begin to source its own .
Elements that rule the globe Rare - earths are so - called because when they were first discovered in the 19th Century in Sweden , they were believed to be some of the most uncommon elements .
But through further scientific discovery , rare - earths have been found to be relatively abundant in the Earth 's crust .
However , the high cost of extraction means that only areas with rich deposits are worth exploiting .
Rare - earth metals are typically malleable .
They also have high electrical conductivity .
They are often extracted from minerals through a process that involves dissolving elements in different liquids - usually water and a solvent .
There are 17 rare - earths and their purposes include being used in shielding for nuclear reactors , fibre optics , flatscreen displays and earthquake monitoring equipment .
One rare - earth , erbium , acts as a natural amplifier so it is used in fibre - optic cables to boost signals .
Terbium generates a change in an electrical circuit when the metal is compressed .
That is why it is often found in earthquake monitoring devices for detecting movement along fault - lines .
Sometimes rare - earth elements are combined in alloys to create strong magnets , which are used in wind turbines .
The magnets are a crucial part of the generators that convert the rotational motion of the turbine blades into electricity .
The magnets can be made from rare - earths neodymium and samarium , although they are extremely brittle and also vulnerable to corrosion , so are usually plated or coated .
Another rare - earth , dysprosium , is used in many of the advanced electric motors and battery systems in hybrid vehicles because magnets containing the element can be much lighter and therefore more energy efficient .
Dysprosium has a tendency to soak up neutrons - the tiny particles that occur in atoms and are produced in nuclear reactions .
Metal rods containing dysprosium are also used in nuclear reactors to control the rate at which neutrons are available .
The magnetic properties of dysprosium alloys make them useful in CD players .
Cerium is used in catalytic converters , which cut carbon dioxide emissions from vehicles , while praseodymium creates a yellow colour in ceramics .
In alloys , lanthanum softens a metal , making it easier to work with and sometimes more durable too .
John Kaiser , a California - based mining expert and rare - earths specialist , said : ' If the world gets really serious about green technology , it could result in a scale of demand that rare - earth suppliers would be unable to cope with .
' Low pricing from China has killed the rest of the world 's ability to produce rare - earths .
The mines could not compete on price .
Health and safety laws [ in the West ] are very different , too .
We know there 's billions of dollars ' worth in the ground outside China but it would take that much to get it out at the moment . '
China 's decision to cut export quotas has already set alarm bells ringing .
The United States imports all its rare - earths and more than a billion dollars ' worth of goods consumed in America every year contain rare - earth elements .
' Industries are snooping all over the world for alternative supplies of rare - earths , but any new facility is going to take five to ten years to come online , ' Kaiser said .
Only two new rare - earths mining projects are currently planned outside China - one in Mountain Pass , California , the other in Mount Wells , Australia .
Neither , however , will be in production until at least 2014 , and neither will be on the same scale as Baiyun Obo .
' The rest of the world needs to exploit their own resources , ' Yu Jingxue , sales manager for the Inner Mongolia Baotou Steel Rare - Earth International Trading Company , told us .
' China has already supplied the rest of the world with 90 per cent of its rare - earths .
We need our rare - earths for ourselves . '
Although China says it needs the metals for its own developing industries , some experts believe Beijing is using the tactic of restricting supply to force manufacturers to bring their factories and technological secrets to China .
Dudley Kingsnorth , an independent rareearths marketing consultant , said : ' The Chinese will not deny the rest of the world rare - earths but the price will be that the West needs to move its manufacturing facilities to China in order to get access .
Then it becomes a question of sovereign risk .
Countries and manufacturers do n't want to have 60 to 70 per cent of their manufacturing in one country . '
China has made clear its desire to shift from its traditional role as the ' world 's workshop ' with low - tech , labour - intensive factories , to more high - tech manufacturing .
It may use its near - monopoly on rare - earths to make possible that leap forward .
' At the moment , China dominates rare - earths supply but only employs hundreds of workers to get it out of the ground , ' Kingsnorth said .
' To refine it further , they employ thousands more workers .
' But to get real value added and produce the end products - the phones , the cars , and the hard disks - China can employ millions of people .
And to support its economic growth China will need to supply 300 million jobs by 2020 . '
Kaiser warned : ' It 's the long term that manufacturers need to worry about .
Toyota , for example , does not have a long - term guarantee of supply .
If it wants to plan for the future and pump out millions of electric cars , it needs to invest in a guaranteed supply . '
It is a situation China already seems aware of .
After a recent visit to Japan , where he met executives from electronics firms such as Panasonic - Si Hu , of the Baotou Rare - Earth High Tech Zone Committee , told the official China Weekly magazine that the Japanese were ' dying for rare - earths ' .
In what sounded like a cruel taunt , he added : ' Without rare - earths they cannot survive .
If they can not get the raw material , they 'll tear their face off . '
The supply situation may also have a more chilling aspect to it - it may allow China to exert influence over the production of missile and rocket systems in the West , says Kaiser .
' Dysprosium , for instance , allows systems to work under extreme conditions , ' he explained .
' The US military does n't want to buy it on the open market .
They need a guaranteed supply and it's becoming a problem .
' If China was the only place in the world that rare - earths existed , there would be a war .
There is no immediate crisis but a looming crisis that needs to be dealt with . '
That looming crisis is epitomised in the huge piles of rare - earths rocks littering the floor of the crater at the Baiyun Obo mine .
' We 've got mountains of it stockpiled , ' said Shang Liqing gleefully .
' There is more to come , too .
Even my great - greatgrandchildren wo n't see the end of this mine . '
• Additional reporting by Simon Parry .
The names of some mine workers have been changed to protect their identities .
ASPEN , Colo .
—
It ’s like a beer competition for marijuana .
A cannabis festival in Aspen this spring will be the first in the state for approved growers to put their strains in a contest .
The Western Slope Cannabis Crown will have about 50 medical marijuana growers enter their strains of weed .
The marijuana strains will be diagnostically tested for their THC levels and how it matches up with patients ’ ailments .
Growers will also be able to sell to medical marijuana patients , who will vote on a “ people ’s choice ” strain .
The Cannabis Crown organizer , Bobby Scurlock , says about 1,500 tickets have been sold for the two - day event .
— ——
Information from : Aspen Times , http://www.aspentimes.com/
Sergei Zubov : “ NHL and KHL are almost the same ” ( Photo © khl.ru )
Former NHL defenceman Sergei Zubov , currently playing for SKA St. Petersburgh of the KHL , answered to fans ’ questions on Russian site sportbox.ru .
He talked about his moving from Dallas to St. Petersburg , differences between NHL and KHL , what would his dream team look like and his chances to play on the Olympics in Vancouver .
RussianHockeyFans.com offers you a translation of the most interesting questions and answers .
– You returned to Russia after living in America for so many years .
Do you see any changes here ?
– Not many .
Of course such cities as Moscow or St. Petersburg have improved a lot .
But that ’s just superficial changes , a lot remains the same .
– Why did you move from the Dallas Stars to SKA ?
– My contract with Dallas expired on the 1st of July and I became a free agent .
Dallas had serious financial problems and they could n’t offer me a new contract .
I had several offers from the NHL and one from the KHL .
I looked at pros and cons and decided to move to St. Petersburg .
One of the main criteria was that there are less game in a season in the KHL than in the NHL .
It means smaller physical load .
You know , I ’m not a very young player , I do understand that my hockey career is about to end .
But what really made me return to Russia is my wish to play in front of Russian fans for the next two years .
– Are practices in the KHL any different to practices in the NHL ?
– Not really , I do n’t see many differences .
I have to give our coach Barry Smith his due .
His practices are very productive , he does n’t lose time .
After his practices I feel like I played a real game .
– Is hockey level in the NHL really that much better than in the KHL ?
– No , the level is almost the same .
Players in the KHL are as good as the NHL players .
There are very skilled players in every Russian team .
And our juniors are better than the Americans .
However , also there are Canadiens , but I think that our players are n’t worse .
– Why then Russian youngsters want to play in the NHL ?
– Well , despite everything , NHL is the best league in the world right now .
And every player who thinks he is talented enough wants to try his luck there .
– If you were asked to name your dream team , who would be your partners ?
– Marin Brodeur would be the goalie .
I would play defence with Brian Leetch .
Mario Lemieux would be our center and Jaromir Jagr our right winger .
The left winger is hard to choose but I ’d say Brett Hull .
He can shoot well , he scored more than 700 goals during his career .
Great player .
– Do you visit social networks in the Internet ?
– I spent like 2 months on one of such sites but then deleted the page .
My wife however spends much time there .
– Do you think of yourself as an American or a Russian ?
– I ’d say I ’m 50 % Russian and 50 % American .
My children are Americans .
And it ’s not just citizenship .
– How would you rate your chances to go the Olympics in Vancouver ?
– I ’m not the coach to do that .
It ’s up to him to decided whether I should go there or not .
But I hope to get invited .
Shoes may have changed how we run
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Wearing cushioned running shoes may have changed the way in which many of us run , new research suggests .
Using slow - motion footage , scientists have discovered that experienced barefoot runners land very differently from runners who wear shoes .
The researchers showed that runners who have trained barefoot tend to strike the ground with their forefoot or mid-foot , rather than their heel .
The team described their findings in the journal Nature .
Barefoot runners , the scientists say , may be at less risk of certain types of injury than those who wear cushioned running shoes .
Cushioned landing Striking the ground with you heel is like someone hitting your heel with a hammer with up to three times your body weight
Daniel Lieberman
Harvard University
The question of how best to support and protect a runner 's feet is something that has intrigued both scientists and sports shoe designers .
This analysis , the researchers said , took an evolutionary approach to that question .
The research team used a combination of highly sensitive scales , high speed cameras , and 3 - D motion analysis to compare barefoot runners to those wearing running shoes .
Their results showed that " shod " runners tended to strike the ground with their heel first .
" This creates an impact ; it 's like someone hitting your heel with a hammer with up to three times your body weight , " said the lead researcher , Dr Daniel Lieberman from Harvard University in the US .
" Those collision forces have been implicated , by several studies , in certain kinds of repetitive stress injuries .
" Shoes work because they cushion much of that force - slowing it down , mostly . "
But experienced barefoot runners appear to have developed a different way to prevent the pain , striking the ground with the forefoot or mid-foot .
" By forefoot or mid-foot striking correctly , one can almost completely eliminate that collision , making barefoot running comfortable , " said Dr Lieberman .
He explained that the style adopted by barefoot runners may , in some respects , be less damaging .
Dr Lieberman 's footage also demonstrated the specialised anatomy of the human foot , and caused him and his colleagues to propose that modern sports footwear may have altered how people run .
Minimal shoes
The results could be of interest to sports shoe designers
Many successful distance runners have competed barefoot , including the South African - born athlete Zola Budd .
This has caused researchers to question whether barefoot running might well be more efficient .
Dr William Jungers , an anatomical scientist from Stony Brook University in New York , who was not involved in this study , said that the findings had " potentially useful and thought - provoking implications for sports medicine and running shoe design " .
He explained , in an accompanying article in Nature , that by striking the ground with their forefoot , a barefoot runner could take fuller advantage of energy stored in the ankle and in the arch of the foot .
But , as Professor Lieberman explained , " there are tradeoffs . "
" Barefoot runners have to use their calf muscles and Achilles tendon much more to control ankle flexion .
So people who switch to this style of running are much more likely to develop calf problems if they do n't do so slowly , carefully and with a lot of stretching . "
Dr Jay Stock , an evolutionary biologist from the University of Cambridge in the UK , told BBC News : " This provides compelling evidence that modern footwear may change the way in which people run , and in turn , cause greater stress on our bodies . "
He said that it was also very interesting that " many of the world 's best athletes run with a forefoot strike " .
Dr Jungers concluded : " An evidence - based approach is badly needed to assess the competing claims as to what , if anything , is the best cover for a runner 's foot . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The climate secretary , Ed Miliband , last night warned of the danger of a public backlash against the science of global warming in the face of continuing claims that experts have manipulated data .
In an exclusive interview with the Observer , Miliband spoke out for the first time about last month 's revelations that climate scientists had withheld and covered up information and the apology made by the influential UN climate body , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , which admitted it had exaggerated claims about the melting of Himalayan glaciers .
The perceived failure of global talks on combating climate change in Copenhagen last month has also been blamed for undermining public support .
But in the government 's first high - level recognition of the growing pressure on public opinion , Miliband declared a " battle " against the " siren voices " who denied global warming was real or caused by humans , or that there was a need to cut carbon emissions to tackle it .
" It 's right that there 's rigour applied to all the reports about climate change , but I think it would be wrong that when a mistake is made it 's somehow used to undermine the overwhelming picture that 's there , " he said .
" We know there 's a physical effect of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere leading to higher temperatures , that 's a question of physics ; we know CO 2 concentrations are at their highest for 6,000 years ; we know there are observed increases in temperatures ; and we know there are observed effects that point to the existence of human - made climate change .
That 's what the vast majority of scientists tell us . "
Mistakes and attempts to hide contradictory data had to be seen in the light of the thousands of pages of evidence in the IPCC 's four - volume report in 2007 , said Miliband .
The most recent accusation about the panel 's work is that its chairman , Rajendra Pachauri , may have known before the Copenhagen summit that its assessment report had seriously exaggerated the rate of melting of the Himalayan glaciers .
However , Miliband was adamant that the IPCC was on the right track .
" It 's worth saying that no doubt when the next report comes out it will suggest there have been areas where things have been happening more dramatically than the 2007 report implied , " he said .
The danger of climate scepticism was that it would undermine public support for unpopular decisions needed to curb carbon emissions , including the likelihood of higher energy bills for households , and issues such as the visual impact of wind turbines , said Miliband , who is also energy secretary .
If the UK did not invest in renewable , clean energy , it would lose jobs and investment to other countries , have less energy security because of the dependence on oil and gas imports and contribute to damaging temperature rises for future generations .
" There are a whole variety of people who are sceptical , but who they are is less important than what they are saying , and what they are saying is profoundly dangerous , " he said .
" Every­thing we know about life is that we should obey the precautionary principle ; to take what the sceptics say seriously would be a profound risk . "
The Copenhagen conference in December ended with no formal agreement to make deep cuts in global emissions , or even set a timetable , but Miliband warned activists against " despair " .
The UN conference was a " disappointment " , he said , but there were important achievements , including the agreement by countries responsible for 80 % of emissions to set domestic carbon targets by today .
" There 's a message for people who take these things seriously : do n't mourn , organise , " said Miliband , who has previously called for a Make Poverty History - style mass public campaign to pressure politicians into cutting emissions .
Lord Smith , the Environment Agency chairman , said : " The [ Himalayan ] glaciers may not melt by 2035 , but they are melting and there 's a serious problem that 's going to affect substantial parts of Asia over the course of the next 100 or more years . "
# 199355 +( 7535 ) - [ X ] < Meph|st0 > Complaint : BOUGTH IT FOR MY COUSIN WHO HAD CANCER , ITEM NEVER ARRIVED AND MY COUSIN DIED
< Meph|st0 > thats the greatest ebay feedback i have ever seen
This was a piece of awkward timing : yesterday , as a political scientist testified at the Perry v. Schwarzenegger trial that gay men and lesbians lacked political clout , the news came out that Cindy McCain — that would be Cindy McCain , the wife of the Republican party ’s standard bearer — had just posed for an ad campaign protesting Proposition 8 .
She had lent her name and glossy visage to the campaign started by a West Hollywood fashion photographer named Adam Bouska , who is better known for photographing shirtless male models and a couple of “ America ’s Next Top Models . ”
In Bouska ’s “ NOH8 ” ( get it ?
No Hate ) campaign , celebrities and good - looking regular people pose against a white background , with silver duct tape across their mouths and “ NOH8 ” painted on their faces .
Meghan McCain had done it last summer — those McCain gals are kicking over the traces !— and now her mom was joining her .
As a message on the NOH8 Web site noted , “ The McCains are one of the most well - known Republican families in recent history , and for Mrs. McCain to have reached out to use to offer her support truly means a lot . ”
The argument that gays and lesbians are politically disenfranchised has always seemed to me the most difficult one for the pro-marriage - equality legal team to make stick .
( It ’s one of the criteria that would qualify Prop. 8 for strict scrutiny , the standard that would place the highest burden of proof on the proposition ’s defenders . )
Demonstrating a history of prejudice against gays and lesbians is n’t hard at all .
But we do live in a country where there are openly gay elected officials , where the President of the United States was the keynote speaker at the annual dinner for the largest gay - rights organization , and where , as of now , five states and the District of Columbia have managed to legalize gay marriage , while another ten have legalized civil unions or domestic partnerships .
Of course , you can still make the point that if marriage - equality advocates have to go to a popular vote , they will usually lose , just as civil - rights advocates would have if they had put Brown v. Board of Education or Loving v. Virginia to a vote instead of turning to the courts .
The majority ca n’t be relied upon to ratify the rights of a minority — that ’s what the Constitution is for .
Gary Segura , the Stanford political scientist who testified for the plaintiffs yesterday raised that point when he said , “ there is no group that has been targeted with ballot initiatives more than gays and lesbians . ”
According to the A.P. , Segura said , “ By any measure , gays and lesbians would have to be understood as a minority faction .
People who accept the normativity of heterosexuality have held power essentially forever . ”
( Note to future expert witnesses : avoid the word “ normativity ” when off campus . )
Still , the fact that such a high - profile Republican woman is clearly in their corner is the kind of data point that ’s hard to assimilate into a picture of political powerlessness .
( Photograph : Adam Bouska )
Read “ A Risky Proposal , ” Talbot ’s story on gay - marriage activism and Perry v. Schwarzenegger .
An engineering firm has developed a 3D bio - printer that could one day be used to create organs on demand for organ replacement surgery .
The device is already capable of growing arteries and its creators say that arteries " printed " by the device could be used in heart bypass surgery in as little as five years .
Meanwhile , more complex organs such as hearts , and teeth and bone should be possible within ten years .
The 3D bio-printer allows scientists to place cells of almost any type into a desired 3D pattern .
It includes two print heads , one for placing human cells , and the other for placing a hydrogel , scaffold , or support matrix .
The cells used by the device need to be the cells of what is being regenerated – building an artery requires arterial cells for example .
Because the patient ’s own cells are used the new organ will not be rejected by the body .
The printer fits inside a standard biosafety cabinet for sterile use .
Its creators say that one of the most complex challenges in the development of the printer was being able to repeatedly position the capillary tip , attached to the print head , to within microns .
This was essential to ensure that the cells are placed in exactly the right position .
A computer controlled , laser - based calibration system was developed to achieve the required repeatability .
The 3D bio-printers include a software interface that allows engineers to build a model of the tissue construct before the printer commences the physical constructions of the organs cell - by - cell using the automated , laser - calibrated print heads .
The printer is the result of collaboration between Australian engineering firm Invetech , and Organovo , a regenerative medicine company based in San Diego , California .
Organovo selected Invetech in May 2009 as its technology development partner and asked the company to design and develop a highly integrated , extremely reliable and simple to use 3D bio - printer system , which could then be transferred to manufacture and commercial sale .
Now , just eight months later , Invetech has delivered the first production model 3D bio-printer to Organovo .
Invetech plan to ship a number of 3D bio-printers to Organovo during 2010 and 2011 and Organovo will be placing the printers globally with research institutions investigating human tissue repair and organ replacement .
Organovo CEO , Keith Murphy , says the bio-printer represents a breakthrough because they provide for the first time a flexible technology platform for organizations working on many different types of tissue construction and organ replacement .
“ Researchers can place liver cells on a preformed scaffold , support kidney cells with a co-printed scaffold , or form adjacent layers of epithelial and stromal soft tissue that grow into a mature tooth .
Ultimately the idea would be for surgeons to have tissue on demand for various uses , and the best way to do that is get a number of bio-printers into the hands of researchers and give them the ability to make three dimensional tissues on demand , “ said Murphy .
The amount of time young people spend consuming media has ballooned with around - the - clock access and mobile devices that function practically as appendages , according to a new report .
Young people now devote an average of seven hours and 38 minutes to daily media use , or about 53 hours a week -- more than a full - time job -- according to Kaiser Family Foundation findings released today .
A few years ago , the same researchers thought that teens and tweens were consuming about as much media as humanly possible in the hours available .
But somehow , young people have found a way to pack in even more .
But in the last five years , the time that America ’s 8 - to 18 - year - olds spend watching TV , playing video games and using a computer for entertainment has risen by one hour , 17 minutes a day , the Kaiser study found .
“ What surprised me the most is the sheer amount of media content coming into their lives each day , ” said Kaiser ’s Vicky Rideout , who directed the study .
“ When you step back and look at the big picture , it ’s a little overwhelming . ”
The numbers zoom even higher if you consider kids ’ multi-tasking -- such as listening to music while on the computer .
Those data show young people are marinating in media for what amounts to 10 hours , 45 minutes a day -- an increase of almost 2.25 hours since 2004 .
The report , “ Generation M2 : Media in the Lives of 8 - to 18 - year - olds , ” is based on a survey of more than 2,000 students nationwide .
It is the third wave of the nonprofit ’s ongoing look at children ’s media use , providing a glimpse at current viewing and listening patterns while also documenting changes from five and 10 years ago .
The huge increase since 2004 can be attributed to the transformation of the cellphone into a content delivery device , Rideout said .
“ Kids are spending more time using their phone to play video games , watch TV and listen to music than to actually talk on them , ” she said .
And , of course , the last time Kaiser took the nation ’s temperature , social networking sites barely existed .
“ The average day for me , if I am not at work , I will text all day or be on MySpace or Facebook , ” said Felinda Seymore , 17 , of Waukegan , Ill .
“ That ’s my life . ”
On Sunday , for instance , she fiddled around online from 9 p.m. to 2 a.m. , updating her status and commenting on her friends ’ pages , she said .
“ My mom thinks it ’s too much technology , ” Seymore said .
“ She says back in her day , they did n’t have that stuff .
I feel like it helps us open up and learn new things . . . instead of sitting around at home being bored . ”
Media consumption is even greater in minority families such as Seymore ’s -- a trend unaffected by a child ’s age , socioeconomic status or parents ’ education .
African American and Latino youths favor TV over mobile devices , posting nearly six hours of tube time a day compared with 3.5 hours for their white counterparts .
Parents are n’t helpless to limit the intake , the study found .
When parents impose limits , they work , with their offspring tallying nearly three hours less exposure a day .
But only 30 % impose some kind of parameters , the study found .
It ’s not easy playing electronic cop , but the stakes are too high , said Becky Kirsh , who has been known to pack up the remote controls and bring them with her to work .
With four kids , three computers and assorted cellphones , TVs and video games , Kirsh and her husband struggle to keep media from seeping into every corner of their Lombard , Ill. , home .
“ The bottom line is that this is my house , ” she said .
“ There ’s so much that is positive about old - fashioned family life . . . and I ’m just not willing to give that up to technology . ”
She offered one example of how gadgetry can alter relationships with her four children , ages 9 to 15 .
In a simpler time , the car was an ideal place for heart - to - heart chats ( captive audience , no eye contact ) .
But when her kids go right to their cellphones or immediately retreat into their headphones in the car , “ it ’s no different than if they were in their bedrooms , with the door closed , ” said Kirsh , an educational coordinator at a local church .
“ That ’s when I really put my foot down . ”
Right now , the biggest tussle is with her 15 - year - old son over texting -- a practice Kaiser did n’t include separately in its count of media use but that parents often file in the same category .
The Kirshes have responded by building in some restraints , including a limit of 2,500 texts and blocking any incoming messages from 7 to 9 p.m. ( homework time ) and after 11 p.m .
To most adults , a couple of thousand texts is tantamount to a blank check , but Joe Kirsh chafes under the allotment , saying it cramps his social life .
“ When I run out of texts , I ca n’t make plans , ” he said , adding that there is no way to access messages that arrive after hours and that he is the only one of his friends to have such restrictions .
“ I get good grades . . . so it ’s really not fair . ”
When it comes to report cards , the Kaiser report finds a difference between heavy and light media users , though researchers note that they have n’t determined cause and effect .
Nearly half of all heavy media users , those who consume more than 16 hours a day , including time spent multitasking , say they usually get “ fair or poor ” grades compared with about a quarter of light users , less than three hours .
Certainly , part of managing the media landscape means parents need to be savvy about a range of issues , including age - appropriate content and V - chips .
But it ’s not just about more government regulations and stronger locks , Rideout said .
Adults also need to look at their own behavior .
Do they put a computer in every bedroom ?
Is the TV on during dinner ?
Are Mom and Dad tethered to their own BlackBerrys ?
“ Really , parents make choices about the media environment every day , ” Rideout said .
“ We hope these findings will allow them to look at what goes on in their own families . . . and talk about it . ”
brubin@tribune.com
Hulk Hogan is getting his throne back .
A Florida judge has ruled that the aging wrestler ’s ex-wife Linda must return the prized toilet seat at the middle of the couple ’s latest legal dispute .
“ When they say she took everything but the kitchen sink … she took everything and the kitchen sink , too , ” Hogan said Friday in Los Angeles .
“ But I am getting it back .
The judge ( also ) says she has to bring back all the chandeliers and all the pictures she stole . ”
Hogan , making the rounds to promote Spike TV’s “ TNA iMPACT ! ” , admits he hoped the 2007 reality series “ Hogan Knows Best ” would save his already unraveling marriage .
“ My ex-wife was kind of in the number 2 position .
She kept saying ‘ what about me ? ’
She really wanted to be in the spotlight , ” he says .
“ So I figured if she was part of the equation , being in the mix , with the whole celeb - reality stuff , it might bond our marriage together .
But it really did n’t work .
She was n’t happy .
She had a different agenda . ”
[ jdev ] Wikipedia deletions
Someone at Wikipedia is actively working to delete entries about various software projects that supposedly fail Wikipedia 's " notability " test .
Pages about some XMPP software projects have already been deleted ( e.g. , Coccinella ) and it seems that others will be deleted in the near future ( e.g. , Exodus , Gajim , ejabberd ) .
Yesterday I reviewed the some of the discussions about these pages , and in my opinion the " deletionists " are not very open to reasoned argument .
While we could spend a lot of time trying to fight these deletions , I think it would be more productive to move these pages over to wiki.xmpp.org and make that the most accurate source for information about XMPP technologies ( along with the regular xmpp.org site ) .
Naturally , you are free to spend time and energy on Wikipedia , but I think the site is a lost cause , so I am going to spend my time and energy on a wiki where our work wo n't be deleted because someone has some misguided ideas about " notability " .
If you 'd like to help build out wiki .xmpp.org , feel free to ask one of the sysops there for an account .
Typically the sysops hang out in the jdev at conference .
jabber.org chatroom .
Peter -- Peter Saint - Andre https://stpeter.im/
-------------- next part
--------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed ...
Name : smime .
p7s Type : application /x-pkcs7 - signature Size : 6820 bytes Desc : S/MIME Cryptographic Signature URL : < http://mail.jabber.org/pipermail/jdev/attachments/20091221/187c49c9/attachment.bin>
Finding a blurry image of yourself on Google Maps Street View is one of the great postmodern thrills of our current era .
If you 've ever spotted yourself on the site , you 've probably been carrying groceries or walking your dog .
But if you 're Flaming Lips frontman Wayne Coyne , NME reports that evidently you can find yourself on the site , taking a bath outside next to a banner that says " Blob in the bath " .
If anyone still thought Coyne 's whole freak - prophet image was an act , this is pretty definitive proof that they 're wrong .
NME 's evidence that the fuzzy figure on Oklahoma City 's Gatewood Avenue is indeed Coyne himself ?
Apparently , Coyne and his wife set up the bath for a 2007 Halloween party , then posted pictures and video of it on the band 's MySpace page .
Coyne 's neighbors must just love him .
Welcome to Pool Fence Parts
We provide the highest quality pool safety fence products on the market today .
We feature structural solutions that ensure lasting enjoyment and complete integrity to assure safety of your children .
Our products include pool fence parts such as the Child Safety Fence Removable Deck Caps or Plugs for covering the holes in your deck , Stainless Steel Safety Latches ( hooks and eyes ) , Child Safety replacement fencing , Plastic Sleeves to maintain the integrity of the decking and safety fence .
By Jonathan Amos
Science reporter , BBC News
Europe 's biggest space company is seeking partners to fly a demonstration solar power mission in orbit .
EADS Astrium says the satellite system would collect the Sun 's energy and transmit it to Earth via an infrared laser , to provide electricity .
Space solar power has been talked about for more than 30 years .
However , there have always been question marks over its cost , efficiency and safety .
But Astrium believes the technology is close to proving its maturity .
" Today we are not at an operational stage ; it 's just a test , " said chief executive officer Francois Auque .
" In order to implement a solution , of course , we would need to find partnerships and to invest , to develop operational systems , " he told BBC News .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Those partnerships could comprise space agencies , the EU or national governments and even power companies , he said .
' Safe ' system Space solar power is an attractive concept because it would be clean , inexhaustible , and available 24 hours a day .
The amount of energy falling on photovoltaic cells placed in orbit is considerably greater than the same solar panels positioned on the Earth 's surface .
In space , the incidence of light is unaffected by clouds , dust or the filtering effects of atmospheric gases .
Power transmission by laser is being studied in the lab Critics , though , have always pointed to multiple hurdles - to the cost of launching and assembling large solar stations in orbit , to the losses in efficiency in conversion , and to the safety issues surrounding some wireless transmission methods , particularly those that use microwaves .
Astrium says the latter can be addressed by using infrared lasers which , if misdirected , would not risk " cooking " anyone in their path .
The company has already tested power transmission via laser in its labs , and is now working on improving the efficiencies of the end - to - end system .
Necessary efficiency Robert Laine , Astrium 's chief technology officer , acknowledges however that there are still some big challenges to be overcome .
" Today , we will be limited in power by the size of the laser we can build .
That 's a prime limitation , " he said .
The concept would need to be proven with a demonstration mission " On the receive side , the conversion of this infrared energy into electricity - that 's something which is progressing very fast and we are working with the University of Surrey [ in the UK ] to develop converters .
" The principle is to get a very high efficiency of conversion of the infrared [ laser light ] into electricity .
If we achieve 80 % then it 's a real winner . "
Dr Laine said a small demonstration of the technology ought to be ready for launch in the coming decade .
" Like any technology , someone has to demonstrate it first before it can become an operational system , " he told BBC News .
" We have reached a point where , in the next five years , we could build something which is in the order of 10 - 20 kW to transmit useful energy to the ground . "
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In the beleaguered music industry ’s latest bid to generate more money from its content , two top music labels on Tuesday will introduce Vevo , a Web site for music videos .
Vevo is co-owned by the Universal Music Group , Sony Music Entertainment and the Abu Dhabi Media Company .
Vevo said Monday that it had signed up a third major music label , EMI Music , as a video provider , leaving only one holdout among the big four labels , Warner Music .
Vevo said conversations with Warner were continuing .
Videos on Vevo will be hosted and streamed by YouTube , the video site owned by Google .
The site will come online in the United States and Canada on Tuesday evening .
“ It will be a higher - quality experience around music and videos than anything else that ’s currently out there , ” Rio Caraeff , Vevo ’s chief executive , said in an interview .
Mr. Caraeff said the site would host 30,000 music videos by the end of the year .
To underscore the exclusive nature of the Web site , Vevo will also carry original programs by artists for their fans .
A typical color ink cartridge :
This cartridge has cyan , magenta and yellow inks in separate reservoirs .
HowStuffWorks.com
Inkjet printers are fairly inexpensive .
They cost less than a typical black - and - white laser printer , and much less than a color laser printer .
In fact , quite a few of the manufacturers sell some of their printers at a loss .
Quite often , you can find the printer on sale for less than you would pay for a set of the ink cartridges !
Why would they do this ?
Because they count on the supplies you purchase to provide their profit .
This is very similar to the way the video game business works .
The hardware is sold at or below cost .
Once you buy a particular brand of hardware , then you must buy the other products that work with that hardware .
In other words , you can't buy a printer from Manufacturer A and ink cartridges from Manufacturer B .
They will not work together .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Another way that they have reduced costs is by incorporating much of the actual print head into the cartridge itself .
The manufacturers believe that since the print head is the part of the printer that is most likely to wear out , replacing it every time you replace the cartridge increases the life of the printer .
The paper you use on an inkjet printer greatly determines the quality of the image .
Standard copier paper works , but does n't provide as crisp and bright an image as paper made for an inkjet printer .
There are two main factors that affect image quality :
Brightness
Absorption
The brightness of a paper is normally determined by how rough the surface of the paper is .
A course or rough paper will scatter light in several directions , whereas a smooth paper will reflect more of the light back in the same direction .
This makes the paper appear brighter , which in turn makes any image on the paper appear brighter .
You can see this yourself by comparing a photo in a newspaper with a photo in a magazine .
The smooth paper of the magazine page reflects light back to your eye much better than the rough texture of the newspaper .
Any paper that is listed as being bright is generally a smoother - than - normal paper .
The other key factor in image quality is absorption .
When the ink is sprayed onto the paper , it should stay in a tight , symmetrical dot .
The ink should not be absorbed too much into the paper .
If that happens , the dot will begin to feather .
This means that it will spread out in an irregular fashion to cover a slightly larger area than the printer expects it to .
The result is an page that looks somewhat fuzzy , particularly at the edges of objects and text .
" " Imagine that the dot on the left is on coated paper and the dot on the right is on low - grade copier paper .
Notice how irregular and larger the right dot is compared to the left one .
As stated , feathering is caused by the paper absorbing the ink .
To combat this , high - quality inkjet paper is coated with a waxy film that keeps the ink on the surface of the paper .
Coated paper normally yields a dramatically better print than other paper .
The low absorption of coated paper is key to the high resolution capabilities of many of today 's inkjet printers .
For example , a typical Epson inkjet printer can print at a resolution of up to 720x720 dpi on standard paper .
With coated paper , the resolution increases to 1440x720 dpi .
The reason is that the printer can actually shift the paper slightly and add a second row of dots for every normal row , knowing that the image will not feather and cause the dots to blur together .
Inkjet printers are capable of printing on a variety of media .
Commercial inkjet printers sometimes spray directly on an item like the label on a beer bottle .
For consumer use , there are a number of specialty papers , ranging from adhesive - backed labels or stickers to business cards and brochures .
You can even get iron - on transfers that allow you to create an image and put it on a T - shirt !
One thing is for certain , inkjet printers definitely provide an easy and affordable way to unleash your creativity .
For more information on inkjet printers and related topics , check out the links on the next page .
10.2 % of the population can filibuster the other 89.8 %
Gail Collins joins the anti-filibuster ranks today , and brings some numbers .
U.S. population : 307,006,550 .
Population for the 20 least - populated states : 31,434,822 .
That means that in the Senate , all it takes to stop legislation is one guy plus 40 senators representing 10.2 percent of the country .
In practice , the filibuster is n't used by a coalition of tiny states representing 10.2 % of the population .
But it could be !
And that 's a reminder that the Senate is already undemocratic .
Adding the supermajority requirement is like sprinkling tacks on a road that 's already filled with potholes .
Photo credit : Bill O'Leary / TWP .
" We must acknowledge what we have seen and call out racism .
We must listen to our patients and our community to understand their needs . "
Nancy J. Brown , MD , Jean and David W. Wallace Dean of Medicine ; C.N.H.
Long Professor of Internal Medicine
The only surprising aspect of this story is the fact that it still surprises people , including the New York Times , apparently .
When Barack Obama announced a $ 75 billion program to have everyone else in the country subsidize foreclosure protection from homeowners who got themselves in over their heads , his allies hailed it as a compassionate program that would allow those who made poor decisions with their money a chance to avoid the normal consequences of those decisions .
Now it appears that the program not only failed in its mission , but actually made the situation worse for those in danger of foreclosure :
The Obama administration ’s $ 75 billion program to protect homeowners from foreclosure has been widely pronounced a disappointment , and some economists and real estate experts now contend it has done more harm than good .
Since President Obama announced the program in February , it has lowered mortgage payments on a trial basis for hundreds of thousands of people but has largely failed to provide permanent relief .
Critics increasingly argue that the program , Making Home Affordable , has raised false hopes among people who simply cannot afford their homes .
As a result , desperate homeowners have sent payments to banks in often - futile efforts to keep their homes , which some see as wasting dollars they could have saved in preparation for moving to cheaper rental residences .
Some borrowers have seen their credit tarnished while falsely assuming that loan modifications involved no negative reports to credit agencies .
Some experts argue the program has impeded economic recovery by delaying a wrenching yet cleansing process through which borrowers give up unaffordable homes and banks fully reckon with their disastrous bets on real estate , enabling money to flow more freely through the financial system .
“ The choice we appear to be making is trying to modify our way out of this , which has the effect of lengthening the crisis , ” said Kevin Katari , managing member of Watershed Asset Management , a San Francisco - based hedge fund .
“ We have simply slowed the foreclosure pipeline , with people staying in houses they are ultimately not going to be able to afford anyway .
Gee , who could have predicted this ?
Oh , yeah … me , and plenty of other people who wondered how a temporary modification would solve the permanent problem of living with a loan that one could not afford .
At the time , the Obama administration heard many voices advising them to stay out of the mortgage business and let the system work out the problem on its own .
It would have been painful , but it would have brought equilibrium back to the market and allowed investors to move ahead with greater confidence .
Instead , people on the cusp spent eight months paying into mortgages they will still eventually lose .
The danger of foreclosures will be extended , and now people have fewer resources with which to recover .
The only option left for government intervention is to buy the mortgages and forgive part of the principal , which essentially means that all of us will wind up paying for homes we could n’t afford , either — and which we were smart enough not to buy .
That will also encourage more irrational risktaking in the future , as people will assume that the federal government will once again pick up the tab if failure looms again .
Just like Cash for Clunkers and the homebuying credit , the Obama administration did nothing but kick the can down the road .
Rather than addressing the real problems of the economy , Obama attempted to mask the symptoms .
Even the New York Times has noticed that Obamanomics is nothing more than smoke and mirrors , only really , really expensive smoke and mirrors .
In the end , we will all pay .
I do n’t know .
But it seemed the thing to do in that first week in January
1964 , and I got two other people to join me .
One of them wants to remain
anonymous , and that ’s all right .
I think we were still in shock over President Kennedy ’s assassination .
Perhaps that had something to do with all those photographs of Christmas trees .
The Christmas of 1963 looked terrible , illuminated by all the flags in
America hanging at half - mast week after week in December in a tunnel of
mourning .
I was living by myself in a very strange apartment where I was taking care
of an aviary for some people who were in Mexico .
I fed the birds every day
and changed bird water and had a little vacuum cleaner to tidy up the aviary
when it was needed .
I ate dinner by myself on Christmas day .
I had some hot dogs and beans and
drank a bottle of rum with Coca - Cola .
It was a lonesome Christmas and
President Kennedy ’s murder was almost like one of those birds that I had to
feed every day .
The only reason I am mentioning this is to kind of set the psychological
frame for 390 photographs of Christmas trees .
A person does not get into
this sort of thing without sufficient motivation .
Late one evening I was walking home from visiting some people on Nob Hill .
We had sat around drinking cup after cup of coffee until our nerves had
become lionesque .
I left around midnight and walked down a dark and silent street toward
home , and I saw a Christmas tree abandoned next to a fire hydrant .
The tree had been stripped of its decorations and lay there sadly like a
dead soldier after losing a battle .
A week before it had been a kind of hero .
Then I saw another Christmas tree with a car half - parked on it .
Somebody
had left their tree in the street and the car had accidently run over it .
The tree was certainly a long way from a child ’s loving attention .
Some of
the branches were sticking up through the bumper .
It was that time of the year when people in San Francisco get rid of their
Christmas trees by placing them in the streets or vacant lots or wherever
they can get rid of them .
It is the journey away from Christmas .
Those sad and abandoned Christmas trees really got on my conscience .
They
had provided what they could for that assassinated Christmas and now they
were just being tossed out to lie there in the streets like bums .
I saw dozens of them as I walked home through the beginning of the new
year .
There are people who just chuck their Christmas trees right out the
front door .
A friend of mine tells a story about walking down the street on
December 26th and having a Christmas tree go whistling right by his ear , and
hearing a door slam .
It could have killed him .
There are others who go about abandoning their Christmas trees with stealth
and skill .
That evening I almost saw somebody put a
Christmas tree out , but not quite .
They were invisible like the Scarlet
Pimpernel .
I could almost hear the Christmas tree
being put out .
I went around the corner and there in the middle of the street lay a tree ,
but nobody was around .
There are always people who do a thing with
greatness , no matter what it is .
When I arrived home I went to the telephone and called up a friend of mine
who is a photographer and accessible to the strange energies of the
Twentieth Century .
It was almost one o’clock in the morning .
I had
awakened him and his voice was a refugee from sleep .
“ Who is it ? ” he said .
“ Christmas trees , ” I said .
“ What ? ”
“ Christmas trees . ”
“ Is that you , Richard ? ” he asked .
“ Yeah . ”
“ What about them ? ”
“ Christmas is only skin deep , ” I said .
“ Why do n’t we take hundreds of
pictures of Christmas trees that are abandoned in the streets ?
We ’ll show
the despair and abandonment of Christmas by the way people throw their trees
out . ”
“ Might as well do that as anything else , ” he said .
“ I ’ll start tomorrow
during my lunch hour . ”
“ I want you to photograph them just like dead soldiers , ” I said .
“ Do n ’t
touch or pose them .
Just photograph them the way they fell . ”
The next day he took photographs of Christmas trees during his lunch hour .
He worked at Macy ’s then and went up on the slopes of Nob Hill and Chinatown
and took pictures of Christmas trees there .
1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 9 , 11 , 14 , 21 , 28 , 37 , 52 , 66 .
I called him that evening .
“ How did it go ? ”
“ Wonderful , ” he said .
The next day he took more photographs of Christmas trees during his lunch hour .
72 , 85 , 117 , 128 , 137 .
I called him up that evening , too .
“ How did it go ? ”
“ Could n’t be better , ” he said .
“ I ’ve almost got 150 of them ”
“ Keep up the good work , ” I said .
I was busy lining up a car for the
weekend , so that we would have mobility to take more Christmas tree photographs .
The person who drove us around the next day desires to remain anonymous .
He is afraid that he would lose his job and face financial and social
pressures if it got out that he worked with us that day .
The next morning we started out and we drove all over San Francisco taking
photographs of abandoned Christmas trees .
We faced the project with the
zest of a trio of revolutionaries .
142 , 159 , 168 , 175 , 183 .
We would be driving along and spot a Christmas tree lying perhaps in the
front yard of somebody ’s lovely house in Pacific Heights or beside an
Italian grocery store in North Beach .
We would suddenly stop and jump out
and rush over to the Christmas tree and start taking pictures from every angle .
The simple people of San Francisco probably thought that we were all
completely deranged : bizarre .
We were traffic stoppers in the classic
tradition .
199 , 215 , 227 , 233 , 245 .
We met the poet Lawrence Ferlinghetti out walking his dog on Potrero Hill .
He saw us jump out of the car and immediately start taking pictures of a
fallen Christmas tree lying on the sidewalk .
277 , 278 , 279 , 280 , 281 .
As he walked by , he said , “ Taking pictures of Christmas trees ? ”
“ Sort of , ” we said and all thinking paranoically :
Does he know
what we are doing ?
We wanted to keep it a big secret .
We
thought we really had something good going and it needed the right amount of
discretion before it was completed .
So the day passed and our total of Christmas tree photographs crept over
the 300 mark .
“ Do n’t you think we have enough now ? ” Bob said .
“ No , just a few more , ” I said .
317 , 332 , 345 , 356 , 370 .
“ Now ? ” Bob said .
We had driven all the way across San Francisco again and were on Telegraph
Hill , climbing down a broken staircase to a vacant lot where somebody had
tossed a Christmas tree over a cyclone fence .
The tree had the same candor
as Saint Sebastian , arrows and all .
“ No , just a few more , ” I said .
386 , 387 , 388 , 389 , 390 .
“ We must have enough now , ” Bob said .
“ I think so , ” I said .
We were all very happy .
That was the first week of 1964 .
It was a strange
time in America .
THE world , like the World Wide Web before it , is about to be hyperlinked .
Soon , you may be able to find information about almost any physical object with the click of a smartphone .
This vision , once the stuff of science fiction , took a significant step forward this month when Google unveiled a smartphone application called Goggles .
It allows users to search the Web , not by typing or by speaking keywords , but by snapping an image with a cellphone and feeding it into Google ’s search engine .
How tall is that mountain on the horizon ?
Snap and get the answer .
Who is the artist behind this painting ?
Snap and find out .
What about that stadium in front of you ?
Snap and see a schedule of future games there .
Goggles , in essence , offers the promise to bridge the gap between the physical world and the Web .
Computer scientists have been trying to equip machines with virtual eyes for decades , and with varying degrees of success .
The field , known as computer vision , has resulted in a smattering of applications and successes in the lab .
But recognizing images at what techies call “ scale , ” meaning thousands or even millions of images , is hugely difficult , partly because it requires enormous computing power .
It turns out that Google , with its collection of massive data centers , has just that .
Once upon a time , I argued for a mere atheism ( well , ok , to be honest , I did have help from other great thinkers on the subject ) .
I still agree with such a concept , and I believe that — contrary to its namesake Mere Christianity —
I think that mere atheism is a better analogous concept to the mereness of theism .
I guess I have n’t written much here about this , but theism , like atheism , really says little about an individual .
If you know someone is a theist , then without demographic or any other information about a person , all you know is that , in some way , in some fashion , whatever their beliefs are , there is involved some formulation of deity .
But you do n’t know how many , its / their role , its / their expectations of human actions toward each other or toward it / them .
You do n’t know ethics or morality .
You can only BEGIN to narrow a comprehensive belief system when you find out additional information about a person ’s belief system .
For example , if you know that a particular theist is Catholic , then you can find out about what range of positions is “ orthodox ” for a Catholic .
I think the same is true for atheism .
Atheism may be an umbrella of many subgroups which are more specific , but from atheism alone , one only knows one thing : regardless of what a person believes , s/he does not believe in deities .
This has tremendous impacts on atheist communities , which I feel is internally struggled with in these two articles from the Friendly Atheist .
In the first , Mehta wonders about the discrepancy between youth attendance at atheist conferences and events and youth attendance at similar kinds of religious events .
He points to an article ( PDF alert ) by Ait Chapel in the Secular Nation that also addresses this question .
I think Mehta and Ait Chapel are both well - intentioned in their search for answers … Possibilities like prohibitive cost to attend events or general lack of awareness of events or lack of support from parents are good ones to raise , but I think it betrays a critical assumption that Mehta and Ait both make :
They are assuming that atheists are interested in atheist communities .
This assumption , I think , is one that nontheistic churches ( or at least , churches that are amenable to nontheism ) — like the Unitarian Universalist church , secular humanist groups , or ethical culture groups — make .
I think they wholeheartedly believe that people want to have rituals , or they want to have a “ team ” that has “ team events , ” and so if only they * knew * where to find such a team , and it was n’t too costly , then they would join .
Perhaps , but this is n’t necessarily the case .
Atheism is not a religion , and more importantly , it is not even a religion surrogate .
Atheism is n’t about community .
It is merely “ about ” not believing in deities .
Atheism is n’t about making a different in - group / out - group structure .
Often times , people want to escape that stifling structure .
The idea of an atheist community can be scrutinized .
What does such a community share in common ?
In absolute necessity , not that much .
Atheists simply share a lack of belief in deities as a necessary condition .
When atheists share other things , these are the result of accidental or demographic issues .
For example , that we * do * have atheist identities but we do n’t have , say , a - unicornist identities , can be explained to the fact that atheists * do * mostly live in societies where belief in God or gods has social currency , whereas no one probably lives in a society where beliefs in unicorns does so .
So , while there is no necessity that an atheist have commonality in this experience , it just happens , because of the social milieu , that many atheists happen to have commonality from living in a society that does not share their beliefs .
But even this commonality does n’t go too far .
An atheist who is ex-Mormon still has different experiences than an atheist who is ex-Catholic , and both have different experiences from an atheist raised in a nonreligious home .
Sometimes , differences in experience can still be “ exported ” for commonality because of empathy and sympathy ( e.g. , although the language may vary between Mormonism and Catholicism , there are still generalities in growing up in religious homes with strong religious community identity . )
So , I think that when atheist groups do form , they do so by co-opting a non-essential coincidental commonality .
For example , many atheists might share a preference for rationalism …or maybe a preference for empiricism …or maybe an appreciation of science .
But these are n’t essential for atheism .
Although many atheists probably cringe at other atheists who believe in ghosts , for example , it is not inconceivable that someone could disbelieve in gods yet still believe in something like ghosts .
The only necessary factor is nonbelief in gods .
This leads into the second article from FA that I linked .
It seems that the Harlem branch of the Center for Inquiry is faltering from a succession crisis .
Now , I do n’t live in Harlem , do n’t know the particulars of the community dynamic , never heard of Sibanye or anything , but what I found interesting was how immediately , some commenters jumped to how it should n’t matter the race of the leader of the Harlem group .
It ’s “ time to pull past ” such a mentality .
Now , I , for one , never heard anyone saying that there * had * to be a black person leading the group .
But what seems to be the issue here is that people do n’t realize that color is still a social reality that impacts and influences life .
It does n’t cease to be one simply if we “ pull past ” such a mentality .
In particular , to assume that atheist groups are wholly divorced from everything else in the lives of its members ( especially since atheism alone is mere ) misunderstands critical cultural dynamics .
To think that there could n’t possibly be a difference in experience for a black atheist than someone else particularly misunderstands the cultural dynamic of religion in the black community .
It ’s tough to even begin to describe , because in the social system that we live in ( which is “ converting ” more and more to an ideology and linguistic framework of color blindness ) , we are losing the very words to intelligently describe the social reality of color , however it is ignored .
Instead , we become discouraged , masochistic , or nihilistic relating to the whole enterprise , since our repeated experiences demonstrate that many people do n’t get it and are highly difficult , if not possible , to even reach on the same level .
Forgive me if I sound entirely too whiny , but I love this site and this one too .
Of course , there are plenty of other articles that try to work through issues of atheist community and atheist representation in different groups .
This is just the tip of the iceberg .
Got a problem with your country ?
Why not form one of your very own , with laws you choose yourself ?
A micronation is a tiny , self - proclaimed sovereign state .
Though they claim sovereignty and are often not interfered with by larger government entities , they are not recognized as official independent states ( which sets them apart from microstates like The Vatican or Singapore . )
There are any number of reasons someone may start a micronation : as a joke , as a form of art , for protest purposes , as a political or legal experiment , or even to conduct criminal activity .
Often times a strange legal quirk ( or outright loophole ) gives these micronations a unique legal status .
Some of them are hilarious .
Some of them are interesting .
Most of them are , in their own way , bizarre , unique , and strange .
1 .
Principality of Sealand
Size : 0.00055 km2 Population : 27 ( 2002 estimate ) Ruler : Michael Bates
Sealand is probably the world ’s most well known micronation , and this is probably because the stories behind it are bizarre and truly intriguing .
The site of Sealand is about 10 km off the coast of England , and was originally a World War II sea fort designed to deter German air raids .
In 1967 , Paddy Roy Bates occupied the sea fort ( then called Knock John ) and used it to run an off - shore pirate radio station .
He and his family have claimed it as an independent sovereign nation , including issuing passports .
Bates claimed that the nation was granted de facto statehood when Germany sent a diplomat there , and a 1968 UK court ruling stated that because of its location in international waters , it is outside of British jurisdiction .
This is connected to what is perhaps the most fascinating event in Sealand ’s history , which took place in 1978 .
While Bates was away , Alexander Achenbach , who refers to himself as the Prime Minister of Sealand , along with several German and Dutch compatriots , staged an armed takeover of the facility .
They held Bates ’s son , Michael , hostage for several days , later releasing him in the Netherlands .
Bates enlisted armed help to aid him in recapturing Sealand , and raided it from helicopters .
He held Achenbach and the others as prisoners of war , and while the others were released , Achenbach was not .
Since he held a Sealand passport , he was charged with treason against the micronation and was held unless he paid a hefty fine .
When the British government would not help , Germany sent a diplomat to negotiate his release .
From time to time , rather extreme things like this have happened at Sealand , including an instance in 1990 in which a British ship was fired upon with rifles from Sealand for passing too close and “ invading Sealand territory ” .
It was notably in the news once more in 2007 , when torrenting gurus The Pirate Bay attempted to buy it in reaction to harsher copyright restrictions in Sweden , its homebase .
Link
2 .
Republic of Molossia
Size : 58 km2 Population : 2 - 3 Ruler : President Kevin Baugh
Molossia is headquartered just outside of Dayton , Nevada , and consists of President Kevin Baugh ’s home , back and front yards , and two properties he purchased in Pennsylvania and California .
He styles himself after a dictator , right down to the military uniform and big sunglasses , and his micronation has been described as “ a hobby taken to the nth degree . ”
He also claims a spot in the Pacific Ocean and 49,881 square miles on Venus .
Molossia pays taxes to the United States , but officially labels this as “ foreign aid ” .
A variety of bizarre things are banned in Molossia , including : guns , walruses , catfish , onions ( and onion - like vegetables ) , and anything from Texas except pop star Kelly Clarkson .
Link
3 .
Principality of Hutt River
Size : 75 Km2 Population : Around 20 residents and 13,000 - 18,000 overseas citizens Ruler : His Royal Highness Prince Leonard I
The Principality of Hutt River ( formerly Hutt River Province ) was founded by Leonard Casley in 1970 .
The micronation was formed when the five families owning farms in the Hutt River area became involved in a legal dispute with the government of Western Australia over wheat farming quotas .
Essentially , the families had produced an amount of wheat that greatly exceeded what they were told they could legally sell under a new law ( 1,000 times the allowed amount , in the case of Casley himself ) .
In correspondence with the Governor , Casley was addressed as “ The Administrator of the Hutt River Province ” , legally entitling him to that title .
He changed his title to “ His Royal Highness Prince Leonard I ” to take advantage of an old law stating that anyone interfering with a royal could be held for treason , and used this to justify seceding from Australia .
In 1976 , Australia Post stopped handling mail for the micronation , and repeated demands were made that the residents of Hutt River Province pay Australian taxes .
Casley declared war on Australia as a result , and the mail began to run again ( and the tax notices stopped coming . )
Link
4 .
Other World Kingdom
Size : 0.02 km2 Population : Varies Ruler : Her Royal Majesty Queen Patricia I
The Other World Kingdom is what happens when a BDSM and femdom resort in the Czech Republic declares itself a sovereign nation .
It is a matriarchy , meaning that men are ruled by women , and below the queen ( who is an absolute monarch ) a various levels of nobility for women .
The OWK ’s stated purpose is to “ get as many male creatures under the unlimited rule of Superior Women on as much territory as possible . ”
There are multiples classes for men as well , the lowest being slaves , who are stated to be “ on the level of a normal farm animal . ”
The site , while small , consists of several buildings and outdoor areas , including multiple torture chambers .
It retains its own passports , currency , police force , state flag , banners , and national anthem .
I bet they even have their own logo pens .
Link
5 .
Waveland
Size : 784 km2 Population : 0 Ruler : Greenpeace
The geographical site of Waveland is more properly referred to as Rockall , a rocky , uninhabited island near the United Kingdom .
Its ownership is disputed by the United Kingdom , Iceland , Ireland , and Denmark .
In 1997 , the environmentalist organization Greenpeace briefly occupied the island in order to protest oil drilling in the area , declaring it the sovereign new state of Waveland , and offered citizenship to anyone who would take their pledge of allegiance .
Since the United Kingdom claims it as its own territory , and since Greenpeace is free to move and operate in the United Kingdom , the UK government had no problem with Greenpeace ’s actions and , for the most part , simply ignored them .
The protest continued until 1999 , when the organization financially backing the project went under .
Now , all that remains is a solar - powered beacon to help ships avoid hitting the island .
Link
by Patrick Appel
Here 's Adam Serwer on what happens now that DC has voted for marriage equality :
Shortly after the D.C. City Council voted 11 - 2 to extend marriage rights to same - sex couples in the District , the room erupted into cheers and applause .
Leaders from each side scrambled into the hallway to field questions from reporters .
Bishop Jackson warned that his group would be " bringing their voices to the Hill " in the hopes of persuading a Democratic Congress to overturn the marriage equality bill ; Congress has a month to overturn D.C. laws after they 've been passed and signed by the mayor .
Overturning the law this way would require majorities against the bill in both houses and the signature of the president , which Mike DeBonis points out is an unlikely scenario .
But DeBonis also notes that there are other ways Congress could circumvent the law , either by restricting the city 's funding or by adding riders to unrelated bills .
Still , all that it will take for marriage equality to become law in the District is for Congress to simply do nothing -- something which Congress is generally pretty good at .
DCist argues that the marriage proceedings are also a victory for home rule .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
LOS ANGELES 
Auto safety advocates say Toyota 's recall plan to fix 3.8 million cars and trucks does n't go far enough to address complaints about a potential for runaway acceleration in its vehicles .
Toyota says it will immediately tell owners of seven Toyota and Lexus vehicles over several model years to bring them to dealers to have part of the accelerator pedal cut off .
The work is intended to be a stopgap fix to keep slipping floor mats from jamming them wide open .
A redesigned permanent replacement pedal is expected to be available to install next spring .
On some – but not all – of the recalled models , Toyota also is promising changes to their computers to create what the industry calls " smart pedals . "
The system shuts off an engine if a driver stomps on the gas and brake pedals at the same time , as could happen in a panic situation such as a runaway car .
DRIVE ON : Does Toyota floor - mat recall solution go far enough ?
The recall follows the death of a California Highway Patrol officer and three family members in a runaway Lexus ES 350 last August .
A passenger calling police from the speeding car before the crash reported that it could n't be stopped .
Primary blame went to an improperly secured floor mat jamming the accelerator .
But a National Highway Traffic Safety Administration report also found that in such a situation , this Lexus ' brake pedal would require 150 pounds of pressure to stop , that there was no warning that the engine start - stop button must be held for three seconds for shut off , and that neutral was hard to find on the shifter .
" It was the perfect storm " of snafus , says Jake Fisher of Consumer Reports .
Toyota 's fix - it plan announced Wednesday with NHTSA does n't fully address sudden - acceleration issues , safety advocates say .
They assert that : • Other models are at risk for jammed floor mats .
Owners of Toyota and Lexus models beyond the seven models covered by the recall have complained of jams and runaway vehicles , says Sean Kane of Safety Research & Strategies .
" If Toyota says they are having an unintended acceleration issue , why are ( those other vehicles ) not being recalled , as well ? " he asks .
• Floor mats are not the only issue , so more models should get smart pedals .
Clarence Ditlow , executive director of the Center for Auto Safety , says Toyota has had unintended acceleration complaints – including in models where floor mats are not an issue – for a decade now , starting with a Lexus model in Great Britain .
" We do not believe this is just a floor - mat problem , " he says , and says Toyota should expand the range of vehicles getting the smart pedal to include all with electronic throttle linkages .
Given how the problem has dragged on , lax enforcement by an underfunded NHTSA may also be an issue , says Sid Shapiro , a Wake Forest University regulatory law expert .
Toyota , he adds , could try to be more " transparent " about the troubles .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Mexico's Cave of Crystals stunned geologists when it was first discovered in 2000 .
The underground chamber contains some of the largest natural crystals ever found - some of the selenite structures have grown to more than 10 m long .
Professor Iain Stewart got a rare glimpse of the subterranean spectacle while filming for the new BBC series How the Earth Made Us .
How the Earth Made Us :
The epic story of how geology , geography and climate have influenced mankind is on Tuesday 19th January on BBC Two at 2100 GMT
About This Post
This entry was posted on January 8 , 2010 at 11:12 pm and is filed under Technology .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
Responses are currently closed , but you can trackback from your own site .
Navigate
Our president came down from the mountaintop .
He had applied the freshness of his independent thought to the critical matters at hand .
He had convened his seminar , reviewed the reviews , analyzed the intelligence every which way , thought anew about everything , and lo and behold , he finally emerged to tell us some stuff we already knew .
We are under attack .
There is evil in the world .
Yemen is a dangerous place that breeds people who want to kill us .
Al Qaeda is determined to attack inside the United States .
Al Qaeda is casting a wide recruiting net for vulnerable young men .
Aspirational terrorists eventually become operational terrorists .
Our airports are not safe .
Metal detectors can’t detect nonmetal explosives sewn into underwear .
Google on Wednesday announced that it will encrypt Gmail at all times , not just during sign - on , and make the process an opt - out feature rather than opt-in .
Google on Wednesday announced that it will encrypt Gmail at all times , not just during sign - on , and make the process an opt - out feature rather than opt-in .
At this point , Google only uses this encryption process , known as HTTPS , during the sign - in process in order to protect your password .
HTTPS keeps e-mail encrypted as it travels between your web browser and servers and is mostly used for things like banks and credit card company Web sites .
In 2008 , Google rolled out the option to switch to HTTPS at all times .
Last year , at the behest of 37 privacy and security experts , Google said it was as a security measure .
" Over the last few months , we 've been researching the security / latency tradeoff and decided that turning https on for everyone was the right thing to do , " Sam Schillace , Gmail engineering director , wrote in a Wednesday blog post .
Why is this even an issue ?
While HTTPS makes your Gmail inbox more secure , that extra security can also affect performance , causing a delay in Gmail activities .
As a result , those who believe their network is secure and do not want to risk Gmail delays can opt - out of HTTPS under the Gmail Settings menu .
" We are currently rolling out default https for everyone , " Schillace wrote .
" If you 've previously set your own https preference from Gmail Settings , nothing will change for your account . "
Customers who use offline Gmail will likely encounter problems , Schillace said .
Specifically , offline Gmail might not sync your mail and shortcuts and bookmarks might behave differently when you 're online versus offline .
The easiest way to fix this problem is to opt - out of HTTPS , but for those worried about security , Google has posted a workaround on its Gmail Help page that lets you switch your Offline Gmail so that it syncs with the HTTPS URL rather than HTTP .
Stay Compliant with Easy - to - Use Chiropractic Management Software
Enlist the aid of the most advanced Chiropractic Management System available .
CoAction Software is a time - tested workhorse that allows you access to the patient information you need so you spend less time with paperwork and more time helping people — both with your practice and by donating your data for mass computation in clinic - based research .
Along with the ease and convenience of using CoAction EMR software is the extent to which we help you stay compliant .
We use the highest level of encryption every time information moves from one place to another to ensure full security protocols .
If anything , we ’re overly compliant .
Security is paramount to your practice ’s success .
Get the best value for your money with a software solution that ’s straightforward and does n’t make you pay for services on a piece by piece basis .
Everything you need in an EMR system is available with one simple fee .
The have been at least 400 OpenStreetMap editing sessions in Haiti since the quake hit .
Mostly tracing Yahoo imagery , and gleaning information from old CIA maps .
We also just received permission to use GeoEye imagery acquired post - event … that will allow us to tag collapsed buildings .
Many relief groups are deploying now , many checking in with the CrisisMappers list ( the main locus of the wider humanitarian tech community ) , and they are making inquiries into OSM data and requests for particular features .
Dozens of mappers and developers are lending a hand , coordinating on the OSM Haiti WikiProject and IRC and the OSM talk list … standing up services , including 5 minute extracts in Shapefile and Garmin formats , and maps with hill - shading .
Just the start to relief and reconstruction effort we hope to contribute to .
Two images to show how we ’ve progressed … the first OSM Port au Prince just now , the second OSM before the earthquake .
I ’ll be on twitter with updates … though I ’m due to fly tonight to Ireland .
For many musicians , the Tote was like a second home .
Once the doors opened for the last time at midday , some of the ashes of late musician Sean Greenway were scattered on the stage .
There was much excitement in the crowd about rumours that Greenway 's former God bandmate , Joel Silbersher , would be playing a very rare version of their underground hit My Pal with his current band Hoss this evening .
The winners of last year 's Australian Music Prize , Eddy Current Suppression Ring , kicked off the day with an unannounced , high - energy 30 - minute set of greatest hits .
Like many bands playing today , the band chose to channel its anger and energy about the Tote 's demise into its music rather than make speeches .
Frontman Brendan Suppression began the set prowling the moshpit like a caged lion , before climbing onto a bar and leaping into the crowd during Precious Rose .
He told the crowd that the only way they managed to play was because bassist Brad Barry arranged to work a night shift on Sunday night .
After the rapturously received set , he was to return to work with no sleep .
This was one of many sacrifices made by musicians on the day - they all performed for free - to repay the venue that gave many of them their first starts .
The band 's guitarist Mikey Young said the Tote 's demise was " a real bummer " but he was sure that Melbourne 's resilient live music scene would rebound .
" Melbourne 's a really strong town , " he said .
" There 's enough bands and people into music who will find way to do things .
Things die off and come back .
It 's not cheap to live in the inner city any more , so there will probably be more venues popping up in suburban industrial areas . "
Eddy was one of 26 bands including the Drones , Hoss , Legends Of Motorsport , Dave Graney , Spencer P. Jones and the Cosmic Psychos , that plugged in one last time to mark an end of an era .
Many of them got their start at the venue and worried where the new generation of young bands will play their first gigs .
Another concern was what was going to happen to the pub 's legendary jukebox .
Sources said plans were afoot to release a CD featuring its best 50 songs .
Punters
The Age spoke to wondered what it all meant for Melbourne 's reputation as one of the live music capitals of the world .
" These things should be assessed case by case , " sad local DJ and promoter Mohair Slim .
" If they did that , violent beer barns would be paying huge fees and creative and safe venues like the Tote would be free to operate in a creative and safe environment . "
" The legislation is clumsy and stupid , " added publican and musician Steve Miller .
" They give licences to people who should n't have fishing licences but not for a venue that separates us from the rest of the world . "
The building 's owner , Chris Morris , reportedly indicated that he was keen to continue running the pub as a live venue if he could find new tenants .
But Mr Milne said that was no longer viable .
" I played the wrong tactics , Mr Milne said .
" I thought if I raised my head it would have been kicked in .
But now I can talk .
" If I knew all of this wonderful sentiment , I would have done something earlier , " he said looking out the window of his office and shaking his head .
Welcome .
PhotoSwap is an application for the iPhone that allows you to send an anonymous photo and receive an anonymous photo back .
The service is great for upbeat , healthy , family - fun photo sharing , but managed to become a cesspool for photo debauchery .
I do n't know about you , but I love cesspools .
What I found was that after taking many anonymous photos , you would sometimes get some pretty interesting photos back .
I wanted more .
Thus , I created a man - in - the - middle service on PhotoSwap .
It works like this : I have a program that connects to the PhotoSwap service ( after sniffing out how it worked on my iPhone ) .
It takes a random picture of mine and sends it out .
Once I get a picture back , I then send that picture out into the ether .
I get another picture back , I now send that ... essentially , I 'm quickly sending / receiving everyone 's photos .
I get most , if not all , of the pictures floating through the service , and without disruption , send them back out so another anonymous person can receive them .
Oh , and I also get their GPS coordinates , but they probably did n't know that ( iPhone GPS coordinates , not router coordinates ) .
Thousands of photos are available in the gallery below .
GPS coordinates removed to protect the guilty .
Enjoy .
View the entire gallery here ( some photos are NOT SAFE FOR WORK )
To view other cool stuff , check out my website or follow my twitter .
developed by samy kamkar , 01/07/2010
If you have n't read it yet , Hanna Rosin 's article on the connection between degenerate Christianism and America 's crisis of private debt is well worth a look :
Among mainstream , nondenominational megachurches , where much of American religious life takes place , “ prosperity is proliferating ” rapidly , says Kate Bowler , a doctoral candidate at Duke University and an expert in the gospel .
Few , if any , of these churches have prosperity in their title or mission statement , but Bowler has analyzed their sermons and teachings .
Of the nation ’s 12 largest churches , she says , three are prosperity Osteen ’s , which dwarfs all the other megachurches ; Tommy Barnett ’s , in Phoenix ; and T. D. Jakes ’s , in Dallas .
In second - tier churchesthose with about 5,000 membersthe prosperity gospel dominates .
Overall , Bowler classifies 50 of the largest 260 churches in the U.S. as prosperity .
The doctrine has become popular with Americans of every background and ethnicity ; overall , Pew found that 66 percent of all Pentecostals and 43 percent of “ other Christians ” a category comprising roughly half of all respondentsbelieve that wealth will be granted to the faithful .
It ’s an upbeat theology , argues Barbara Ehrenreich in her new book , Bright - Sided , that has much in common with the kind of “ positive thinking ” that has come to dominate America ’s boardrooms and , indeed , its entire culture .
It 's staggering really that modern American Christianism supports wealth while Jesus demanded total poverty , fetishizes family while Jesus left his and urged his followers to abandon wives , husbands and children , champions politics while Jesus said his kingdom was emphatically not of this world , defends religious war where Jesus sought always peace , and backs torture , which is what the Romans did to Jesus .
At some point these charlatans need to be chased out of the temple .
Which these days means the Republican party .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Google recently established a deal to acquire AppJet , the company behind EtherPad , a collaborative Web - based editing tool .
Google aims to leverage some of AppJet 's technology in its own Wave communication service .
When the acquisition was announced last week , enthusiastic users of the service expressed dismay upon learning that the free version was going to be shut down .
In response to the concerns voiced by the EtherPad user community , Google and AppJet revised their transition strategy and decided to leave the service up and running until the source code could be made fully available to the public .
The AppJet framework on which EtherPad is built has some very intriguing characteristics .
It is a server - side JavaScript runtime that uses Mozilla 's Rhino engine .
This means that both the EtherPad backend and the browser - based frontend are built almost entirely with JavaScript .
EtherPad uses Comet , a technique for achieving persistent HTTP connections , to deliver efficient real - time collaboration .
This is likely the characteristic of the software that is most intriguing to Google .
As we explained in our hands - on look at Wave , Google 's service strives to offer seamless concurrent editing by leveraging the principle of Operational Transformation .
The implementation of Wave 's concurrency framework is remarkably sophisticated and represents one of the most innovative components of Wave technology .
Google could potentially be looking to boost the responsiveness of real - time collaboration in Wave by adopting some ideas from EtherPad .
Google will also benefit from the expertise of EtherPad 's lead developers , former Googlers who are now going to be returning to the nest as part of the Wave team .
The EtherPad service itself , however , appears to be of no interest to the search giant .
Google intends to shut it down entirely , but has agreed to leave the lights on until the source code can be made available , at which point users will be able to run their own self - hosted instances of EtherPad at no cost .
" We have begun planning how to open source the code to EtherPad and the underlying AppJet Web Framework , " wrote former AppJet CEO Aaron Iba in a blog post .
" We hope that by releasing the code to EtherPad we will not only help you transition [ users ' ] existing workflow , but also contribute to the broader advancement of realtime collaboration technology . "
Google is serious about making the underlying technology of Wave a de facto standard for the next - generation of interactive Internet communication .
The company 's acquisition of AppJet and plans to release the source code could help advance that goal .
BEIJING -- Baidu Inc. , China 's top search engine , was unavailable early Tuesday in China , and some Internet users reported seeing signs of an attack on the site by Iranian hackers .
Users reported seeing a banner for the " Iranian Cyber Army , " complete with an Iranian flag and a shattered Star of David , when they tried to access Baidu 's home page Tuesday .
Marten ...
SHANGHAI  James S. Chanos built one of the largest fortunes on Wall Street by foreseeing the collapse of Enron and other highflying companies whose stories were too good to be true .
Now Mr. Chanos , a wealthy hedge fund investor , is working to bust the myth of the biggest conglomerate of all : China Inc .
As most of the world bets on China to help lift the global economy out of recession , Mr. Chanos is warning that China ’s hyperstimulated economy is headed for a crash , rather than the sustained boom that most economists predict .
Its surging real estate sector , buoyed by a flood of speculative capital , looks like “ Dubai times 1,000  or worse , ” he frets .
He even suspects that Beijing is cooking its books , faking , among other things , its eye - popping growth rates of more than 8 percent .
“ Bubbles are best identified by credit excesses , not valuation excesses , ” he said in a recent appearance on CNBC .
“ And there ’s no bigger credit excess than in China . ”
He is planning a speech later this month at the University of Oxford to drive home his point .
A section of the largest image of the Milky Way ever created .
It was stitched together from 800,000 individual infrared images taken by NASA 's Spitzer Space Telescope .
The world ?s largest picture of the Milky Way , taken byNASA ?s Spitzer Space Telescope , is being unveiled today at the AdlerPlanetarium in Chicago .
The new image is of galactic proportions , covering an areathat is 120 feet ( 37 meters ) long , 3 feet ( 1 meter ) tall at its sides and 6 feet ( 2 meters ) tall in the middle , where our galaxy 's central bulge isdepicted .
The panorama represents the combined effort of two Spitzersurvey teams , who used two of the telescope 's onboard instruments , the InfraredArray Camera ( IRAC ) and the Multiband Imaging Photometer .
The large image was made fromstitching together 800,000 individual pictures taken by Spitzer , for atotal of 2.5 billion infrared pixels .
It covers an area of the sky about aswide as a pointer finger and as long as the length of arms outstretched , whichmight sound small , but covers about half of the entire galaxy , says RobertHurt , of the Spitzer Science Center at Caltech .
" This is the highest - resolution , largest , mostsensitive infrared picture ever taken of our Milky Way , " said Sean Careyof the Spitzer Science Center , who led one of the teams that created the image .
" I suspect that Spitzer 's view of the galaxy is thebest that we 'll have for the foreseeable future .
There is currently no missionplanned that has both a wide field of view and the sensitivity needed to probethe Milky Way at these infrared wavelengths , " said Barbara Whitney of the Space Science Institute in Madison , Wis. , also part of one of the Spitzerteams .
The image is set to be unveiled by the scientists whocreated it at 3 p.m. EST at Chicago 's Adler Planetarium .
The concept of Peak Oil has been around for decades .
But what is it ?
Some think it refers to the point when the world runs out of oil , after which there will be a global economic crisis and all hell will break loose .
Others believe that peak oil is a thing of the past , something that took place in the United States in the 1970s , that we 've long since recovered from .
Neither of these conceptions are accurate , however .
For an explanation of Peak Oil , and what it means for the future of the global economy , keep reading .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Stefano Domenicali has admitted that the Ferrari team feels a massive sense of responsibility going into 2010 following its difficult 2009 campaign .
Ferrari only won one race last year , and since taking Michael Schumacher to five straight world championships from 2000 to 2004 , it has only managed one further drivers ' title - with Kimi Raikkonen in 2007 .
Team principal Domenicali said his squad was determined to address its problems this season .
" Clearly the main goal is to go back to the highest levels of competitiveness because this is our destiny .
It is right for us to do so , " he said .
" Our first goal is to be reliable .
Too often over the last few years , we started the championship with problems of reliability which then had an impact on our season , so we laid out our work on the test bench and with simulators to solve this problem that we 've had .
" Second we are focusing on having a car which in terms especially of its aerodynamic performance should be competitive from the start .
So we expect to have a car which goes back to being competitive .
" Then of course during the season , which is going to be extremely long with 19 races , to be able to develop continuously the car to tackle our main competitors to win the championship .
This is our clear goal and the ingredients to achieve these goals are all present . "
He conceded that the strength of Ferrari 's brand and history made it imperative for the team to get back to the front .
" With words we can say everything , but facts have to speak , " said Domenicali .
" We should not forget who we are and the responsibility we have on our shoulders .
There 's nothing new against us , we all work day and night because our name is Ferrari and that 's a big responsibility on our shoulders .
" Let 's recall that the people who design the car have been the same for many years .
Difficult seasons can take place - the last one was in 2005 when we won only one race .
So we have to be calm , and this is one of my tasks .
" Should we win from the start then it 's going to be much easier .
But should this not take place we 're going to have to be calm , react , keep the team together , and know that from a potential point of view we have the people , each one just has to do well at their own work . "
use this on your designer boss .
at first he ’ll fire you but then you can come back as a consultant for ten times the pay
inspired by a non-fight with magnolia
Ok , so maybe David Tennant has the looks , but does he have the accessories ?
No .
If a man 's scarf is a measure of breeding , Tom Baker is a gentleman of the highest order .
This poster helps you get up stairs .
View on Flickr Buy on Etsy Download wallpaper from imgur
Middle - class families in 2008 actually earned less , adjusted for inflation , than they did in 1999 .
The data for 2009 are not yet in , but you can just imagine what happened to those families in that nightmarish downturn .
Small children over the holidays were asking Santa Claus to bring mommy or daddy a job .
One in eight Americans , and one in four children , are on food stamps .
Some six million Americans , according to an article in The Times on Sunday , have said that food stamps were their only income .
Image Bob Herbert
This is a society in deep , deep trouble and the fixes currently in the works are in no way adequate to the enormous challenges we ’re facing .
For example , an end to the mantra of monthly job losses would undoubtedly be welcomed .
But even if the economy manages to create a few hundred thousand new jobs a month , it would do little to haul us from the unemployment pit dug for us by the Great Recession .
We need to create more than 10 million new jobs just to get us back to where we were when the recession began in December 2007 .
What ’s needed are big new innovative efforts to fashion an economy that creates jobs for all who want and need to work .
Just getting us back in fits and starts over the next few years to where we were when the recession began should not be acceptable to anyone .
We should be moving now to invest aggressively in a new , greener economy , leading the world in the development of alternative fuels , advanced transportation networks and the effort to restrain the poisoning of the planet .
We should be developing an industrial policy that emphasizes the need for America to regain its manufacturing mojo , as tough as that might seem , and we need to rebuild our infrastructure .
Glenn Beck , the popular Fox News host , has a red telephone on his desk that never seems to ring .
Every now and then , in a moment of acute frustration , he will pick it up and give the camera his trademark pleading - puppy look .
What Mr. Beck wants to hear from the phone are answers , and he wants to hear them from the highest authority in the land : the phone , he says , is " a dedicated line right to the White House . "
And when Mr. Beck gets things wrong , he wants his antagonists on Pennsylvania Avenue to correct him .
But " They do n't call .
They 're not going to call . "
What 's more , no one would call that red phone to reassure Mr. Beck , to tell him that the Obama administration is n't crawling with traitors or to explain why his many nightmare scenarios will not actually come to pass .
The Akita Komachi brand of rice is 25 years old .
Although its sometimes hard to distinguish between the different brands of rice , the Akita Komachi and Koshi Hikari brands stand out as two of the most well known and best loved rice .
Although the name says Akita from Akita - ken , the rice is grown in other prefectures as well .
When they first started growing the rice 25 years ago , the plan was to use just materials from Akita - ken .
They had a lot of assistance from Fukui - ken and so decided not to register the name as a trademark .
With its popularity , other ken ’s have now started growing Akita Komachi rice as well .
If the taste is n’t enough to convince you to buy it then maybe the character on the packaging will help
I have been eating Akita Komachi at home and prefer it to Koshi Hikari .
My other favorite rice is the one served at Wako ( tonaktsu store ) .
Which type of rice do you like best ?
Here is some more info on the Koshi Hikari rice
Share this : Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
Photos by John Marshall Mantel for The New York Times
A plainclothes police sergeant fatally shot a 25 - year - old man on Thursday morning outside the Marriott Marquis Hotel in Times Square after confronting the man , who he believed was involved in a fraud scheme to intimidate tourists into buying CDs , the authorities said .
The slain man was armed with a loaded Mac - 10 semiautomatic pistol and had fired first , the police said .
A major police response followed the shooting , which occurred around 11:15 a.m. at 46th Street and Broadway , a tourist - packed intersection , during a weekday morning when the streets were filled with shoppers .
Emergency medical workers took the man to St. Luke ’s - Roosevelt Hospital Center , where he died .
The man was not identified , but the authorities said he lived in the Bronx and was wanted on assault and disorderly conduct charges .
A second man , his brother , was held by the police and being questioned at the Midtown South Precinct , the police said .
Police Department
On the man ’s body , police found a business card for a Virginia gun dealer , Gary A. Lewis , who runs Gary ’s Guns & Transfers in Manakin - Sabot , a pair of villages northwest of Richmond .
Hand - written on the back of the card , the police said , were these words : “ I just finished watching ‘ The Last Dragon . ’
I feel sorry for a cop if he think I ’m getting into his paddy wagon . ”
The gun had been reported stolen in Richmond on Oct. 28 , the police said .
Police Commissioner Raymond W. Kelly and Paul J. Browne , the chief police spokesman , offered a detailed account of the shooting .
They said the sergeant — who is 41 years , with 17 years on the force — was ordinarily assigned to a detail charged with enforcing regulations governing street vendors and peddlers , but had been detached to work on a special crime - fighting unit .
On Thursday morning , the sergeant noticed two men who he believed had been responsible for a fraud scheme to intimidate visitors :
They would first approach the tourists , then ask them their names , write their names on the CDs and then demand payment of $ 10 .
The sergeant confronted the men outside of 1515 Broadway , south of 45th Street , asking them for a tax stamp that would demonstrate that they had the right to sell CDs .
One of the men ran north , then west on 45th Street and onto the driveway of the Marriott , toward 46th Street .
The sergeant gave chase , ordered the man to stop .
Instead , the man pulled out a gun .
Shots were exchanged : the man fired two rounds , while sergeant fired four .
John Marshall Mantel for The New York Times
The man ’s semiautomatic weapon was recovered at the scene , and investigators quickly determined that one round had shattered a store window and that a second was fired toward the box office of the Marriott Marquis Theater .
A third round lay on the ground , evidently because the gun had jammed .
Inside the weapon were 27 live rounds of ammunition .
Shannon Maggio , 32 , a visitor from New Orleans , was on the 16th floor of the nearby Edison Hotel in a room facing the Marriott , with both windows open , when she heard yelling , and then an eruption of gunfire .
“ I heard it clear as day , ” she said .
“ I ’d never heard a gunshot before , but I knew it was a gunshot .
Pow - pow - pow - pow — just like that .
Then I heard a guy yell .
Then sirens . ”
She added : “ I froze .
My hair stood on end . ”
The first 911 call about the shooting came in at 11:19 a.m. , and emergency workers arrived a minute later , the authorities said .
Preliminary accounts indicated that the shooting occurred at the entrance to the garage , which is under the hotel .
A street - level driveway runs under the hotel the length of the block between 45th and 46th Streets .
The hotel was sealed off after the shooting , and the police shut the entirety of Broadway from 45th to 46th Street to both traffic and pedestrians , and much of 46th Street to the east and west , as well .
“ Right now , the police are on property , ” Kathleen Duffy , a spokeswoman for the hotel , which has 1,900 rooms and is one of the city ’s largest hotels , said in a phone interview from outside the hotel .
“ It ’s our understanding it did n’t involve any of our guests or any of our associates . ”
The intersection of 46th and Broadway is in the heart of Times Square .
The hotel — and a giant Bank of America illuminated sign — is at the southwestern corner ; a large new American Eagle Outfitters store is to the northwest ; Father Duffy Square ( and the TKTS booth that sells discounted Broadway tickets ) is to the northeast ; and a traffic island is to the southeast .
In the shooting ’s aftermath , there did not appear to be significant alarm , at least as judged by tourists who , far from avoiding the area , seemed to push forward to get a view of what had happened .
Emer Rooney , 33 , a visitor from Ireland on the last day of a trip to New York , walked with a friend from a nearby hotel to take pictures of the scene .
She said she had never felt unsafe in New York .
“ I actually feel it ’s very safe , ” she said .
“ Look at all the police officers . ”
She cited the shooting , in fact , as one of the more exciting moments of her trip , including recovering lost luggage at the Port Authority Bus Terminal and getting tickets to the musical “ Wicked . ”
A tourist from Australia , Suzanne Davis , 42 , stopped to take images with a video recorder .
“ It ’s my first day in New York , so it makes very real what you see in the movies , ” she said .
Nearby , vendors continued to sell tickets for double - decker bus tours .
The people who sell the CDs are well known to the businesses and street vendors in the Times Square area .
“ They give people the CD , sign it , then make people feel obligated to buy it , ” said Greg Carroll , who does sidewalk promotion for a comedy club .
“ Normally they just stay on the corner and ask people , but sometimes they do get in people ’s faces . ”
Employees at Embassy Electronics said they had called the police repeatedly for what they described as sellers harassing tourists outside their store .
“ First they give it to you like its free , then when they sign it , they ask for money , ” said one employee who declined to give his name .
Other people on the street expressed more sympathy .
“ They ’re good guys , I see them all the time , ” said James Evans , who helps run a table for the United Homeless Organization — which has itself been accused of being a sham — on Seventh Avenue and 46th Street .
“ All of them do the same thing , they give them a CD and then they ask for a donation . ”
“ Nothing in life is free , ” he added .
Sewell Chan and Sharon Otterman contributed reporting .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The emergence of the iPod dock means that people are increasingly listening to MP3 music at home , instead of old - fashioned CDs .
Ipod docks tend to be smaller and more convenient than CD hi- fis , but can they compete in terms of musicality ?
Working Lunch reporter Sharif Sakr put it to the test .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Pedro de la Rosa will return to Formula 1 racing this year after securing a seat with the BMW Sauber team , the Swiss squad confirmed on Tuesday .
The 38 - year - old Spaniard has been McLaren 's reserve and test driver for seven years , but will be back to racing in 2010 with the Hinwil - based squad .
De la Rosa will join Kamui Kobayashi at the team .
" Pedro has spent many years working for a top team at the highest technical level , " said Peter Sauber .
" We as a team stand to gain from his experience , and the same goes for young Kamui .
" The combination of a seasoned racer and an up - and - coming young driver has repeatedly proved a very fruitful one .
I do n't expect either of them to disappoint in 2010 .
" Of course it is also crucial that we provide them with a decent car ; I feel positive about our in - house progress on that front too .
We were able to continue work on our 2010 car as scheduled throughout the recent period of uncertainty . "
The Catalan driver last raced in Formula 1 at the 2006 Brazilian Grand Prix , when he stood in for Juan Pablo Montoya .
" I always firmly believed I would be given another chance as a team driver , " he said .
" Since the number of test drives were radically reduced , this was what I was working towards .
" I 'm really excited about the season with Peter Sauber 's team , which has been a solid fixture in Formula 1 ever since 1993 . "
BOSTON — A little - known Republican shook up the balance of power in Washington by winning a U.S. Senate seat in Massachusetts , a result that imperils President Barack Obama 's top legislative priorities and points to trouble for his party in this year 's elections .
With 99 % of the vote counted , Republican Scott Brown was leading his opponent , Massachusetts ' Democratic Attorney General Martha Coakley , 52 % to 47 % , according to the Associated Press , which declared Mr. Brown the winner .
The ...
“ The noncognitive , personality domain is an untapped area for medical school admissions , ” said Deniz S. Ones , a professor of psychology at the University of Minnesota and one of the authors of the study .
“ We typically address it in a more haphazard way than we do cognitive ability , relying on recommendations , essays and either structured or unstructured interviews .
We need to close the loop on all of this . ”
Some schools have tried to use a quantitative rating system to evaluate applicant essays and letters of recommendation , but the results remain inconsistent .
“ Even with these attempts to make the process more sophisticated , there is no standardization , ” Dr. Ones said .
“ Some references might emphasize conscientiousness , and some interviewers might focus on extraversion .
That nonstandardization has costs in terms of making wrong decisions based on personality characteristics . ”
By using standardized assessments of personality , a medical school admissions committee can get a better sense of how a candidate stands relative to others .
“ If I know someone is not just stress - prone , but stress - prone at the 95th percentile rather than the 65th , ” Dr. Ones said , “ I would have to ask myself if that person could handle the stress of medicine . ”
While standardized tests like the MCAT and the SAT have been criticized for putting certain population groups at a disadvantage , the particular personality test used in this study has been shown to work consistently across different cultures and backgrounds .
“ This test shows virtually none or very tiny differences between different ethnic or minority groups , ” Dr. Ones noted .
Because of this reliability , the test is a potentially invaluable adjunct to more traditional knowledge - based testing .
“ It could work as an additional predictive tool in the system , ” she said .
One perennial question that personality testing could help to answer is whether hard work can make up for differences in cognitive ability .
“ Some of our data says yes , ” Dr. Ones said .
“ If someone is at the 15th percentile of the cognitive test but at the 95th percentile of conscientiousness , chances are that the student is going to make it . ”
That student may even eventually outperform peers who have higher cognitive test scores but who are less conscientious or more neurotic and stress - prone .
But these standardized tests , personality or cognitive , can be useful only after medical schools , and the public they serve , decide what characteristics are most important for the next generation of doctors .
“ If a medical school is all about graduating great researchers , then I would tell them not to weigh the results of the personality test that heavily , ” Dr. Ones said .
“ But if you want doctors who are practitioners , valued members in terms of serving greater public , then you have to pay close attention to these results . ”
In late January , for the third time since Barack Obama 's historic election , a group of Washington , D.C. , writers and think tankers , roughly half liberal and half libertarian , gathered for an evening of robust discussion and debate exploring a potential " liberaltarian " overlap in our new Democratic age .
Fittingly , the event was held at the idiosyncratic - for - D.C. Tabard Inn , a charming hotel / restaurant that decades earlier was saved from the redevelopment wrecking ball by a coalition of mostly liberal stalwarts , including the old New Lefty Robert Scheer .
The exchange was cordial and vigorous , the lamb was divine , and after three stimulating hours I left more convinced than ever that any new " fusion " project between libertarians and liberals — at least where the rubber meets the road in government policy — is doomed .
In theory , I should be the ideal audience for this exercise .
As I mentioned at the dinner , I have described myself as " liberal " ( albeit using a definition that few Americans share ) for far longer than I have let others describe me as " libertarian . "
I 've spent much of this century bashing not just George W. Bush and John McCain but the mind - set among self - described libertarians who supported them .
I 'm even a longtime friend of and collaborator with Scheer .
And in 2005 , when Democrats were about as depressed as Republicans are this year , I wrote a series of articles urging the donkey party to shed its politically correct Northeastern liberalism for a Western , live - and - let - live libertarianism , embodied by Mountain West Democrats like Montana Gov. Brian Schweitzer .
The idea attracted New York agents and publishers , and for a while there I was tempted to write a book - length description of this marvelous new liberaltarian jackalope .
In the end I opted out , partly due to the same sentiments magician Penn Jillette expressed to reason just before the November 2008 elections : " I believe in individual rights so much that I do n't like any sort of ' what 's good for the cause ' – type question .
… I'm even uncomfortable telling people who to vote for . "
But mostly , I never believed Democrats would embrace limited government principles for any purpose other than regaining power .
Events have borne me out .
In the exile years of 2005 – 06 , the lefty commentariat overflowed with examinations of three modern conservative milestones : the failed yet influential Barry Goldwater presidential campaign of 1964 , Ronald Reagan 's electorate - reshaping revolution of 1980 , and the 1994 GOP uprising in the House of Representatives .
In the HBO documentary Mr. Conservative , Goldwater 's granddaughter Julie Anderson portrayed the Arizona legend as a sort of proto-liberal .
The " values voters " who helped put Reagan over the top in 1980 became Democrats ' most soughtafter voting bloc in the wake of John Kerry failing miserably among self - identified Christians ( an error that was assiduously addressed by the Scripture - quoting , Rick Warren–wooing Obama in 2008 ) .
And the Gingrich Revolution in particular was mined as a source of inspiration — but for tactics and messaging , not ideas .
In February 2005 , when minority Democrats stiffened in opposition to Bush 's half - hearted Social Security privatization plan , Los Angeles Times political analyst Ronald Brownstein reported , " Those Democrats urging scorched - earth opposition to Bush 's central proposals cite the relentless attacks by Gingrich … against the Democratic congressional majority through the early 1990s . "
After years of apologetic politics , Democrats were rising off the mat with a say - it - loud - say - it - proud attitude cribbed consciously from their opponents , in the service of keeping government big .
The poster child for this transplanted GOP attitude was the newly appointed Democratic Party chairman , Howard Dean , who claimed to champion " the Democratic wing of the Democratic party " ( a phrase used to great effect in 2000 by Ralph Nader ) .
In 2003 Dean had been the relatively obscure governor of Vermont , known for his surprising support of gun rights , military interventions , and fiscal conservatism .
By 2004 , after running as the anti-war candidate in the presidential primaries , Dean had moved much further to the left , even while boning up on the new - media successes of the Gingrich revolution .
" We can learn a lot , " he explained to Mother Jones in October 2004 .
" The question is , are we capable of that discipline ?
We know we need some more infrastructure .
We need leadership institutes .
We need media institutes where we can get our message out the way the Republicans do .
But we mostly need to work together .
That 's what Republicans do and we do n't . "
For a brief time , this political crossdressing allowed for some experimentation on the ideas level as well .
At the popular netroots website Daily Kos , Logan Ferree penned a lengthy and much - discussed " Left - Libertarian Manifesto " in May 2006 .
The catch : " The most heated disagreement comes in the area of economic issues . "
To the surprise of many , the basic idea was endorsed by site founder Markos Moulitsas .
" It 's no secret that I look to the Mountain West for the future of the Democratic Party , " Moulitsas wrote , " people like Brian Schweitzer . "
Sure enough , the Montana governor was the keynote speaker at the Democratic National Convention in 2008 .
But if you think Schweitzer used the opportunity to stress his libertarian Democrat bona fides — the tax cuts , the National Rifle Association endorsements , the oil drilling , the opposition to the Real ID Act — you probably were n't paying attention to Democratic politics between the summers of 2006 and 2008 .
The party retook Congress in November 2006 not by railing against big government but by running against free trade , fielding more anti-abortion candidates in red states , and stressing Republican incompetence and corruption .
By 2008 , when the economy started tanking and Bush became a millstone , Dems positioned themselves still further to the economic left .
Mountain West " libertarian Democrat " Bill Richardson , an ardent free - trader for much of his career , became an unconvincing NAFTA basher on the stump .
Hillary Clinton ran against her own husband 's " New Democrat " economic policies .
By the time Schweitzer sidled up to the convention podium , any libertarian notion beyond refusing to torture U.S. citizens was going to be about as welcome as a nude calendar of Karl Rove .
" Four billion in tax breaks for big oil ? " he howled .
" That 's a lot of change , but it 's not the change we need ! "
The crowd roared .
It is certainly no surprise that any party , let alone the Democrats , would want to use that fancy government once it held the awesome reins of power .
Unified Republican governance this decade should disabuse even the most gullible from the notion that either of our two major parties is ever going to enact a small - government agenda , especially during a perceived crisis .
But already during Obama 's first 100 days we 've seen how quickly liberals will turn against libertarians once they 're no longer swinging at the same piñata .
During the debate over the $ 1 trillion stimulus package , for example , a remarkable academic fight broke out : Liberal fans of John Maynard Keynes , led by New York Times columnist Paul Krugman ( a man whose Nobel Prize award last year was cheered by many libertarian economists ) , tried to airbrush free marketeers out of the debate .
" They just do n't read anything that does n't come from their cult circle , " Krugman wrote in one blog post ; in another he called them " barbarians in the grip of an obscurantist faith . "
( For more on the false consensus of liberal economists , see Veronique de Rugy 's " Stimulating Ourselves to Death , " page 17 , and Daniel M. Rothschild 's " Whitewashing FDR , " page 55 . )
The same liberal bloggers who complained for years about being called " unserious " by pro-war Republicans were using the same word to describe libertarian arguments against the bailout .
At the liberaltarian dinner , the discussion focused on campaign finance reform , and how the editor of the liberal American Prospect , Mark Schmitt , had gone from being a strong supporter of restrictions on political speech to being … a less strong supporter of restrictions on political speech .
I asked how it was that someone who had discovered a First Amendment objection to campaign finance reform could maintain any enthusiasm at all for the project .
" Look , " he eventually said , " not all of us are going to be libertarians . "
True enough .
Matt Welch is editor in chief of reason .
KATHMANDU
Suicide has emerged as the single leading cause of death among women in Nepal aged 15 - 49 , outranking other causes such as accidents and disease , according to a government study .
The Maternal Mortality and Morbidity Study 2008/2009 undertaken by the Family Health Division ( FHD ) of the Department of Health Services looked at changes in maternal mortality in Nepal since 1998 , when the last survey was done .
The year - long study from April 2008 of women of reproductive age ( 15 - 49 years ) was carried out in eight districts chosen to represent different ethnicities and levels of development in Nepal .
The total population of women of this age group in these districts was over 86,000 .
But in preliminary findings that the study described as shocking , of the 1,496 deaths recorded , suicide - rather than maternal - related issues - was the single leading cause of death , accounting for 16 percent of deaths .
In the 1998 study , suicide ranked as the third single cause of death .
The finding " highlights the urgent need to address this issue , which has received little attention since its significance was first noted in 1998 , " the study said .
The second single leading cause was accidents , accounting for 9 percent of deaths ; no details were specified about the nature of these .
2005121512.jpg
Time to put down the gun Sagar Shrestha / IRIN [ Nepal ]
A young female Maoist rebel .
Since the start of the conflict between Maoist rebels and Nepali security forces in February 1996 , an estimated 12,000 people have been killed .
[ Date picture taken : 10/26/2005 ]
Human Rights Conflict Final agreement on management of combatants and weapons [ Nepal ]
A young female Maoist rebel .
Since the start of the conflict between Maoist rebels and Nepali security forces in February 1996 , an estimated 12,000 people have been killed .
[ Date picture taken : 10/26/2005 ]
Photo : Sagar Shrestha/IRIN
For female Maoist former combatants , returning to their homes and villages has been difficult
Ultra -orthodox communities often have their own neighbourhoods , away from secular society .
Photos : Noam Sharon
By Heather Sharp
BBC News , Jerusalem
" The kids , that 's the highest cost , " says Ido Lev , 30 , who has n't seen his two children for five years .
It 's hard to imagine the software engineering student , now wearing jeans and a checked shirt , in the black hat and suit of the ultra- orthodox Jew he used to be .
It is seven years since he walked out of his home , cut off his curly side locks in a public toilet and slept in a shopping mall for a week .
Ido Lev says he felt " drunk from the freedom " when he left Israel 's ultra-orthodox Jews , also known as Haredim , make up roughly 10 % of the population .
Most live their lives in voluntary isolation from the secular world .
Men tend to spend their days studying the Jewish scriptures , which are the primary focus of education for both genders .
Posters on the walls of ultra- orthodox areas pass on community news , as many residents shield themselves from what they see as the secular influence of television and radio .
Images of women are banned , and in some areas , anyone driving on the Jewish Sabbath may have stones thrown at their car .
Every detail of life is determined by religious observance , says Mr Lev , " even how you put on your shoes " .
Angry rejection
Those who choose to leave know little about the world they are entering .
It was the hardest year of my life , and I did n't have my parents and family who I love with me , so it was even worse
Chani Ovadya
" They are like aliens , " says Irit Paneth of the organisation Hillel , which offers practical help to former Haredim .
They often do not know how to open a bank account , use the internet , find work and rent an apartment , she explains , or how to operate socially in the secular world .
And they can face angry rejection from the community they leave behind .
Mr Lev says his wife 's family have stopped him seeing his children , fearing he will persuade them to leave the community .
But he says he has no regrets , although he is still battling for access .
His marriage had been arranged by his family ; now he has a girlfriend .
" I found out what love is .
That makes it very complicated , but very joyful , " he says .
In the first few months after he left , he says he " felt like a drunk from all the freedom " .
Another member of Hillel , Chani Ovadya , 28 , says she and her parents did not speak for a year after she left the religious way of life .
She had secretly rented a flat and moved her clothes , a few at a time , before she left home .
There are strict rules about dress and diet in ultra-orthodox neighbourhoods
" It was the hardest year of my life , and I did n't have my parents and family who I love with me , so it was even worse , " she says .
Her demure long skirt gone , she is clad in a tight , low - cut shirt , spiky heels and tailored trousers and now rides a motorbike and studies engineering .
" As a religious woman , the most you can be is a teacher , " she says .
" Now I am following my dreams . "
' In between worlds '
Ms Paneth stresses that Hillel does not persuade people to leave , but merely provides practical help and emotional support to those who decide for themselves to do so .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" For years , most of them live in between worlds , " says Ms Paneth .
" They do n't really belong to the secular world - they definitely do n't belong any more to the ultra - orthodox world , " she says .
Ms Paneth believes the 2,000 or so people Hillel has helped in the past decade are " the tip of the iceberg " , and that numbers are growing as the internet makes the secular world more accessible .
Anthropologist Sarit Barzilai has studied former Haredim .
She explains that closed ultra-orthodox areas were formed after Israel was created because their immigrant residents wanted to preserve their traditional way of life .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The fear of secular society is so strong that if a son or daughter chooses to leave , for parents it can be " the end of the world " , she says .
If one child leaves , it can harm the marriage prospects of their brothers and sisters , or influence siblings to make the break too , she explains .
In one case she knows of , a father told his daughter he would rather kill her than see her become secular .
She eventually committed suicide .
' Impossible dilemma '
" It breaks people 's hearts , " says Rabbi Noson Weisz , who teaches at Aish HaTorah , an ultra - orthodox yeshiva , or seminary , close to the Western Wall , one of Judaism 's holiest sites .
He articulates what he describes as an " impossible dilemma " for parents if a child wants to leave .
Ido Lev says ultra - orthodox society can be warm and supportive " Every child is my child and I love them I think if I can only hang on to this child he 'll get over whatever his problem is , but while he 's going through this , if I have him in the house , what kind of influence will this have on my other children ? "
But he says he would never advise parents to completely cut off contact .
He says ultra - orthodox society is broader than its stereotype and includes many people who work in professions in the secular world .
If people leave , this means the community has failed them .
He says he has only known four or five cases of people leaving in three decades of work , while he has seen thousands of Jews move from secular to religious lifestyles .
In the school 's prayer hall , young men rock back and forth over leather - bound books , while others debate points of scripture .
For them , there is an enriching life , focused on family , community and meaning , to be found here .
" There are 613 laws that we live by , but I would look at it as 613 possibilities and ways of connecting to God , " says British student Michael Mann .
And Mr Lev agrees there is value in ultra - orthodox life for some people .
" Maybe to people outside it looks like a cult , maybe a little primitive , " he says , but he believes it can be " a happy community " and a " very beautiful place " .
" But if you do n't have the faith inside , it 's like a jail . "
You can hear Heather Sharp 's report on this issue on The World Tonight on BBC Radio 4
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A Nasa probe sent back photographs of what appear to be trees on the planet 's surface .
But it is an optical illusion - they are sand dunes coated with a thin layer of frozen CO2 .
The " trees " are trails of debris caused by landslides as ice melts
Credit : NASA
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
Photo courtesy Kanko * via FlickrSome 3,000 years ago , farmers in eastern China domesticated the soybean .
In 1765 , the first soybeans were planted in North America .
Today the soybean occupies more U.S. cropland than wheat .
And in Brazil , where it spread even more rapidly , the soybean is invading the Amazon rainforest .
For close to two centuries after its introduction into the United States the soybean languished as a curiosity crop .
Then during the 1950s , as Europe and Japan recovered from the war and as economic growth gathered momentum in the United States , the demand for meat , milk , and eggs climbed .
But with little new grassland to support the expanding beef and dairy herds , farmers turned to grain to produce not only more beef and milk but also more pork , poultry , and eggs .
World consumption of meat at 44 million tons in 1950 had already started the climb that would take it to 280 million tons in 2009 , a sixfold rise .
This rise was partly dependent on the discovery by animal nutritionists that combining one part soybean meal with four parts grain would dramatically boost the efficiency with which livestock and poultry converted grain into animal protein .
This generated a fast - growing market for soybeans from the mid-twentieth century onward .
It was the soybean ’s ticket to agricultural prominence , enabling soybeans to join wheat , rice , and corn as one of the world ’s leading crops .
U.S. production of the soybean exploded after World War II .
By 1960 it was close to triple that in China .
By 1970 the United States was producing three fourths of the world ’s soybeans and accounting for virtually all exports .
And by 1995 the fast - expanding U.S. land area planted to soybeans had eclipsed that in wheat .
When world grain and soybean prices climbed in the mid-1970s , the United States — in an effort to curb domestic food price inflation — embargoed soybean exports .
Japan , then the world ’s leading importer , was soon looking for another supplier .
And Brazil was looking for new crops to export .
The rest is history .
In 2009 , the area in Brazil planted to soybeans exceeded that in all grains combined .
At about the same time the soybean gained a foothold in Argentina , where it staged the most spectacular takeover of all .
Today more than twice as much land in Argentina produces soybeans as produces grain .
Rarely does a single crop so dominate a country ’s agriculture as the soybean does Argentina’s .
Together , the United States , Brazil , and Argentina produce easily four fifths of the world ’s soybean crop and account for 90 percent of the exports .
During the closing decades of the last century , Japan was the leading soybean importer , at nearly 5 million tons per year .
As recently as 1995 , China was essentially self - sufficient in soybeans , producing and consuming roughly 13 million tons of soybeans a year .
Then the dam broke as rising incomes enabled many of China ’s 1.3 billion people to move up the food chain , consuming more meat , milk , eggs , and farmed fish .
By 2009 China was consuming 55 million tons of soybeans , of which 41 million tons were imported , accounting for 75 percent of its soaring consumption .
Today , half of all soybean exports go to China , the country that gave the world the soybean .
Soybean meal mixed with grain for animal feed made it possible for Chinese meat consumption to grow to double that in the United States .
Since 1950 the world soybean harvest has climbed from 17 million tons to 250 million tons , a gain of more than 14 - fold .
This contrasts with growth in the world grain harvest of less than fourfold .
Soybeans are the second - ranking U.S. crop after corn , and they totally dominate agriculture in both Brazil and Argentina .
Where does the 250 - million - ton world soybean crop go ?
One tenth or so is consumed directly as food — tofu , meat substitutes , soy sauce , and other products .
Nearly one fifth is extracted as oil , making it a leading table oil .
The remainder , roughly 70 percent of the harvest , ends up as soybean meal to be consumed by livestock and poultry .
So although the soybean is everywhere , it is virtually invisible , embedded in livestock and poultry products .
Most of the world harvest ends up in refrigerators in such products as milk , eggs , cheese , chicken , ham , beef , and ice cream .
Satisfying the global demand for soybeans , growing at nearly 6 million tons per year , poses a challenge .
The soybean is a legume , fixing atmospheric nitrogen in the soil , which means it is not as fertilizer - responsive as , say , corn , which has a ravenous appetite for nitrogen .
But because the soy plant uses a substantial fraction of its metabolic energy to fix nitrogen , it has less energy to devote to producing seed .
This makes raising yields more difficult .
In contrast to the impressive gains in grain yields , scientists have had comparatively little success in raising soybean yields .
Since 1950 , U.S. corn yields have quadrupled while those of soybeans have barely doubled .
Although the U.S. area in corn has remained essentially unchanged since 1950 , the area in soybeans has expanded fivefold .
Farmers get more soybeans largely by planting more soybeans .
Herein lies the dilemma : how to satisfy the continually expanding demand for soybeans without clearing so much of the Amazon rainforest that it dries out and becomes vulnerable to fire .
Photo courtesy leoffreitas via Flickr The Amazon is being cleared both by soybean growers and by ranchers , who are expanding Brazil ’s national herd of beef cattle .
Oftentimes , soybean growers buy land from cattlemen , who have cleared the land and grazed it for a few years , pushing them ever deeper into the Amazon rainforest .
The Amazon rainforest sustains one of the richest concentrations of plant and animal biological diversity in the world .
It also recycles rainfall from the coastal regions to the continental interior , ensuring an adequate water supply for Brazil ’s inland agriculture .
And it is an enormous storehouse of carbon .
Each of these three contributions is obviously of great importance .
But it is the release of carbon , as deforestation progresses , that most directly affects the entire world .
Continuing destruction of the Brazilian rainforest will release massive quantities of carbon into the atmosphere , helping to drive climate change .
Brazil has discussed reducing deforestation 80 percent by 2020 as part of its contribution to lowering global carbon emissions .
Unfortunately , if soybean consumption continues to climb , the economic pressures to clear more land could make this difficult .
Although the deforestation is occurring within Brazil , it is the worldwide growth in demand for meat , milk , and eggs that is driving it .
Put simply , saving the Amazon rainforest now depends on curbing the growth in demand for soybeans by stabilizing population worldwide as soon as possible .
And for the world ’s affluent population , it means moving down the food chain , eating less meat and thus lessening the growth in demand for soybeans .
With food , as with energy , achieving an acceptable balance between supply and demand now means curbing growth in demand rather than just expanding supply .
For more information and resources , please visit http://www.earthpolicy.org/index.php?/plan_b_updates/2009/update86
With the launch of the first Android - powered device just over a year ago , we 've seen how a powerful , open platform can spur mobile product innovation .
And this is just the beginning of what 's possible .
Please join us in Mountain View on January 5 , for an Android press gathering .
Well well .
Look at this .
Taking a page from the CES - challenging Apple / Macworld playbook , Google has announced a press event on January 5th ( just like we told you ) in Mountain View , stating :
If this lines up with the news we 've seen recently , it 's likely a Nexus One announcement will be the order of the day , and most ( if not all ) of your nagging questions will get answered .
You know we 'll be there live ... so hang on to your hats , and mark down the date !
The city of San Francisco is famous for it's hills and impossibly inclined streets .
But what would San Francisco be without its steep hills ?
Photographer Dan Ng attempts to “ level ” the streets of San Francisco by photographing it with a tilted camera , resulting in an altogether unique gallery of the city .
Also see , Baldwin Street , the steepest street in the world
A little over two years ago , Jerry Fodor , a well - known and respected philosopher of mind , wrote an article in the London Review of Books , “ Why Pigs Do n’t Have Wings , ” criticizing the concept of natural selection because it was both philosophically incoherent and empirically untenable .
The high tide of adaptationism floated a motley navy , but it may now be on the ebb .
If it does turn out that natural selection is n’t what drives evolution , a lot of loose speculations will be stranded high , dry and looking a little foolish .
Induction over the history of science suggests that the best theories we have today will prove more or less untrue at the latest by tomorrow afternoon .
In science , as elsewhere , ‘ hedge your bets ’ is generally good advice .
Many of us , philosophers and scientists alike , responded by writing letters to the LRB pointing out Fodor ’s empirical and philosophical errors ( scroll down below his article to see all the exchanges ) .
Fodor was intransigent , refusing to give quarter and continuing to maintain that natural selection is erroneous and outmoded .
Now he and a colleague , Massimo Piattelli - Palmarini , a cognitive scientist with some biology training , have expanded the attack on natural selection into a whole book :
What Darwin Got Wrong , a book highlighted in today ’s Independent .
Fortunately ( unlike the BBC ) , they ’ve chosen somebody smart and critical — science writer Peter Forbes — to write the appraisal , which is not pretty :
Fodor is a philosophical flâneur : he loves cheap jokes and affects a kind of provocative insouciance .
His 2003 book on Hume states at the outset that he “ could even write a book on Hume without actually knowing anything about him , ” and then claims to have done so .
Philosophers and scientists could not be further apart .
For geneticist and science writer Professor Steve Jones , “ philosophy is to science what pornography is to sex ” . . .
Unlike physics , biology is the science of exceptions .
Fodor and Piattelli - Palmarini come to the same conclusion but mostly for the wrong reasons .
Given the provocative title , it ’s important to stress what Fodor and Piattelli - Palmarini ’s polemic is not .
From the outset , they assert that they have no quarrel with the course of evolution and its timescale , only its mechanism .
Furthermore , they affirm that they are “ outright , card - carrying , signed - up , dyed - in - the - wool , no - holds - barred atheists . ”
For that small relief , much thanks .
I do , however , disagree with one of Forbes ’s criticisms :
Secondly , they attack the logic of Neo - Darwinism .
In their philosophical assault , Fodor and Piattelli - Palmarini pursue several lines , one of which boils down to the old conundrum : natural selection demonstrates the survival of the fittest .
What are the fittest ?
Those that survive .
Scientists know that this is a trivial linguistic trick but Fodor and Piattelli - Palmarini pursue this wrangling for 68 pages .
This seems to me a mischaracterization of Fodor and Piattelli - Palmerini ’s argument , which is more complex than simply pointing out a tautology .
( “ Survival of the fittest ” is not , by the way , a tautology . )
I ’ll be reviewing this book elsewhere , so it would be inappropriate for me to do so here ( link will be forthcoming ) .
Let me just say that virtually every biologist and philosopher who has followed Fodor ’s arguments over the past two years has taken issue with his views on natural selection and with his philosophical arguments .
The book will , I predict , give enormous comfort to creationists , but will receive almost no praise from philosophers and scientists .
Fodor , who as far as I can tell has never admitted an error , will then claim that biologists and academic philosophers have an entrenched interest in the truth of natural selection , and that he and Piattelli - Palmerini are , like Galileo , being reviled for criticizing erroneous dogma .
To this I respond : for every Galileo there are a thousand crackpots who also question received wisdom — but are wrong .
In their misguided attacks on natural selection , Fodor and Piattelli - Palmarini are straying dangerously close to crackpot - dom .
Major U.S. banks and securities firms are on pace to pay their people about $ 145 billion for 2009 , a record sum that indicates how compensation is climbing despite fury over Wall Street 's pay culture .
An analysis by The Wall Street Journal shows that executives , traders , investment bankers , money managers and others at 38 top financial companies can expect to earn nearly 18 % more than they did in 2008 — and slightly more than in the record year of 2007 .
The conclusions are based on an examination of securities filings for the ...
Richard Feynman ( 1918 – 1988 ) , Nobel Laureate , teacher , icon and genius – one of the greatest minds of the twentieth century , possessed an unquenchable thirst for knowledge and adventure that drove him to pursue seemingly unrelated paths .
Feynman pursued biology , percussion , Maya hieroglyphs , and lock picking - subjects totally unconnected to his primary expertise which is physics .
Another one of his interest was art .
Richard Feynman started taking art lessons at the age of 44 , and continued drawing for the rest of his life .
These include portraits of his close friends , wife and daughter and professional models that posed for him at his friend ’s studio .
Feynman was also an avid supporter of topless bars , which he used to frequent a lot while he was at Caltech , which also explains why he loved drawing nude models .
Feynman signed all of his artwork with the pseudonym “ Ofey ” .
Here are some of his sketches .
Airport rules changed after Ron Paul aide detained – Washington Times —
The TSA has defended this action , now seeing it will lose in court relents .
The audio is below .
It ’s unfortunate that people like this have no regard for the real laws of the USA .
This situation was essentially false imprisonment and the TSA officials should be indicted .
An angry aide to Rep. Ron Paul , an iPhone and $ 4,700 in cash have forced the Transportation Security Administration to quietly issue two new rules telling its airport screeners they can only conduct searches related to airplane safety .
In response , the American Civil Liberties Union is dropping its lawsuit on behalf of Steve Bierfeldt , the man who was detained in March and who recorded the confrontation on his iPhone as TSA and local police officers spent half an hour demanding answers as to why he was carrying the money through Lambert - St. Louis International Airport .
The new rules , issuedin September and October , tell officers “ screening may not be conducted to detect evidence of crimes unrelated to transportation security ” and that large amounts of cash do n’t qualify as suspicious for purposes of safety .
“ We had been hearing of so many reports of TSA screeners engaging in wide - ranging fishing expeditions for illegal activities , ” said Ben Wizner , a staff lawyer for the ACLU , pointing to reports of officers scanning pill - bottle labels to see whether the passenger was the person who obtained the prescription as one example .
He said screeners get a narrow exception to the Fourth Amendment , which prohibits unreasonable searches , strictly to keep weapons and explosives off planes , not to help police enforce other laws .
“ Oh , you mean the guy with the 70 - year - old head and the 20 - year - old body - builder body ?
That picture has got to be Photoshopped . ”
Dr. Jeffry Life smiles when I tell him about the general reaction I get about the famous picture of him with his shirt off , the shot that turned a mild - mannered doctor in his mid-60s into a poster boy for super - fit aging and controversial hormone replacement
Appearing in medical - clinic ads in airline magazines and newspapers ( including this one ) , the incongruous photo juxtaposes a bald , white - haired , septuagenarian head on top of a rippling , V - shaped torso worthy of an Olympic gymnast or powerlifter .
Completing the effect of macho , forever - young vitality , Life ’s left hand casually dangles by his thumb from a jeans front pocket , in a cool cowboy swagger .
“ Yeah , I read on the Internet that people think it ’s digitally enhanced , ” says the soft - spoken Life ( which really is his name , translated from the German by his immigrant great - grandfather ) with a laugh .
But the body is real -- built by a relentless , six - day - a - week exercise regimen that includes hard cardio , heavy weights pushed to the max , martial arts , Pilates , a strict low - glycemic carb diet and lots of supplements .
It has also , for the last seven years , been hormonally enhanced by a program that includes testosterone and human growth hormone -- a therapy Life views as entirely appropriate , even necessary despite the medical evidence questioning both its effectiveness and safety .
Advertisement
Testosterone replacement can enlarge the prostate and raise levels of prostate - specific androgen , used in cancer - screening tests .
Human growth hormone could increase the risk of diabetes and cancer , and the National Insitute on Aging recommends it not be used for anti-aging purposes .
( See related story for details . )
But both are mainstays of the not - quite - mainstream field known as anti-aging medicine .
Life ’s enthusiasm is undimmed by such skepticism .
“ The fact is that every male over 50 or 55 suffers from a slow , insidious fall in testosterone levels , ” he says .
“ You do n’t notice it for a long time until your ‘ T ’ levels cross a certain threshold .
Then you suddenly find that you lose your enthusiasm , your sex drive and can’t maintain muscle mass anymore -- even if you work out .
It ’s even worse if your HGH levels are falling off the table .
That ’s what happened to me . ”
‘ Years of sloth ’
Like most people , Life did n’t give a thought to his testosterone level , his HGH or his fitness as he built his career as a family practice doctor in West Virginia and Pennsylvania .
A lapsed Masters swimmer who became inactive in his mid 40s , the father of five became fat and borderline diabetic -- “ a typical stressed - out middle - aged doctor who ate , drank and did n’t practice what he preached .
It was years and years of sloth . ”
Advertisement
That changed the day Life , then 60 , picked up Muscle Media magazine and read about “ the Challenge , ” a 12 - week , before - and - after fitness contest .
His competitive fires lighted , Life sent in his before photo and hit the gym .
Three months later , he ’d dropped 25 pounds , cut his body fat from 28 % to 10 % , got genuinely ripped and was named one of the contest ’s 1999 “ Body for Life ” 10 grand champions .
Entering his 60s energized , Life was good .
“ I ’d gone from fat , aging and tired to lean , strong , energized and highly motivated with an incredible zest for life , ” he said .
“ If I could do this in my 60s , I truly believe anybody can . ”
But by age 64 , Life found himself shrinking .
Advertisement
His muscles did n’t respond to workouts like they did a few years before .
Abdominal fat started piling up .
He began feeling mildly depressed .
And he was n’t waking with an erection as often as he used to .
It was a condition he would soon know as andropause , the insidious creep of declining testosterone .
It was time for his second epiphany -- and the photo that would change everything .
A turning point
Advertisement
At a nutritional conference in Las Vegas in 2003 , Life heard a presentation from Cenegenics , a local clinic making a name for itself in what proponents call “ aging management ” medicine .
Its therapy included exercise , diet and treatment with testosterone and human growth hormone .
Testosterone , produced in the testicles , is key for maintaining bone density , red blood cell levels , muscle bulk , libido , even a sense of well - being .
HGH , secreted by the pituitary gland as a childhood growth agent , does similar jobs , including enhancing skin tone and texture .
Both have been used as illegal performance enhancers by athletes for decades -- and both decline steadily with age .
Adult HGH levels decline by half from age 20 to 60 , and the loss accelerates thereafter .
Adult testosterone levels begin a steady fall - off by age 30 or 40 that continues throughout life , although symptoms may not show up for decades , if at all .
Noting that such declines are part of the natural aging process , many doctors are openly skeptical of the wisdom of replacing these hormones .
Advertisement
“ These programs are completey illogical , ” says Dr. Robert Baratz , former president of the National Council Against Health Fraud and an assistant clinical professor at Boston University School of Medicine .
“ They defy what we know about science and biology .
They prey upon people ’s desires to wind back the clock , as if such a thing were possible .
But there is no mechanism for doing that in nature . ”
Life , however , was intrigued by the potential of such regimens .
“ I ’d never thought about hormone levels before , ” he says .
He made an appointment at Cenegenics and had his blood tested .
His T level , he was told , was terrible -- 100 nanograms per deciliter ( ng/dl ) on a scale where normal is more like 200 to 1,000 ng / dl .
“ 280 might be a passing grade on that scale , ” he says , “ but it ’s a D - minus .
And mine was even worse -- an F . ”
He scored another “ F ” in his HGH level , according to Cenegenics ’ tests .
In June 2003 , Life became a Cenegenics patient , ultimately taking daily shots of HGH along with once - a - week testosterone shots , a regimen he still maintains .
Advertisement
The package is n’t cheap -- about $ 1,500 a month , including $ 1,000 for the HGH .
But , he says , it worked .
“ I could feel the difference quickly .
Clarity of thought , a new , sharper focus , increased sexual function , bigger muscles . ”
He was so impressed that he packed up , moved to Las Vegas and joined the company .
After six months of seeing clients , Life had an idea to keep them motivated :
Show them his body .
“ They needed to know that I walked the walk . ”
Advertisement
That might have been the end of the story -- until a year later , when a writer from GQ magazine , in to do an anti-aging story , walked by Life ’s office .
His eyes bugged out at the sight of the glossy 8 by 11 of the buffed , bald , jeans - wearing guy hanging on the wall .
The shot ended up in his article in the January 2006 issue of GQ .
“ It was huge -- we were inundated , ” says Life .
“ My boss did n’t want to admit it at first , but we all knew why : the old head / young body . ”
Last March , Life gave up his position as chief medical officer at the company to start his own anti-aging practice , which emphasizes diet , exercise and testosterone .
“ HGH is too controversial right now , ” he says , alluding to criticism of the hormone ’s potential health risks .
“ And most of the time , exercise , eating properly and getting your other hormones in a healthy range will correct an HGH deficiency in two months . ”
Advertisement
Life is still affiliated with Cenegenics , which pays him for use of the picture .
He also uses it in his own ads and a billboard along I - 15 .
The picture has changed everything for Life .
“ It gives me the opportunity to spend more time on my book , my website business , coaching and capitalizing on my brand , ” he says , as excited as a new college graduate embarking on a life of endless possibilities .
In fact , he is a student again .
Wearing his trademark black T - shirt and New Balance running shoes , he goes to the University of Nevada - Las Vegas twice a week to take sports nutrition and exercise physiology classes .
And , of course , he still works out like crazy .
“ After all , I ’ve got to hold up my image , ” he says .
Advertisement
At the gym
The famous photo you see in ads today was taken in December 2004 when Life was 66 .
How does his body look now ?
To find out , I met him at the Las Vegas Athletic Club , where Life hits different body parts five days a week at 7 a.m. , normally with a trainer .
Life looks buffed , ripped .
His arms and legs are heavily vascular , with pipe - like veins bulging over fat - free sinew .
Advertisement
He hammers himself hard on the machines -- five sets of chest flies , incline presses , decline presses , dumbbell bench presses , dips , leg extensions and many other exercises -- all done in ascending weights to the point of “ failure , ” where you can go no more on the last rep .
It ’s the same strategy Life uses for cardio , blasting his home stationary bike on four sets of four lung - heaving , high - intensity intervals .
“ When you go to failure , you push the skeletal muscles into a zone that makes them stronger , ” he says .
“ You also force your heart muscle to make special ‘ stress proteins ’ that protect it from heart disease . ”
Life also does Pilates twice a week and taekwondo three times a week .
Advertisement
“ It greatly enhances my flexibility , but mainly I do it just because I always wanted to . ”
Going full - speed is a joy at any age but maybe even sweeter when it ’s so counterintuitive .
At a time when his peers are gearing down , Life acts like he ’s just getting started .
“ At 71 , I feel better than I ’ve ever been .
I ’m as strong or stronger than I ’ve ever been , with even more muscle mass than five years ago . ”
Maybe it ’s time for a new photo .
Advertisement
Staff writer Shari Roan contributed to this report .
heal th@latimes.com
The Odyssey
By Homer
Written 800 B.C.E
Translated by Samuel Butler
The Bureau of Meteorology says there has been no rain for 55 days and there are no signs of any on the horizon .
The dry start to 2010 comes after a year when rainfall in Perth was well below the annual average .
It has prompted a warning by authorities for people to limit water usage ahead of this weekend 's predicted hot weather .
The bureau 's Stephen McInerney says temperatures have been above average for the start of this year and there is no sign of any rain for at least another week .
" Our longer term models have n't really shown up that much in the way of a rainfall signal so yeah looks like it 's going to remain dry for the next week or so , " he said .
Answers From the FAQ , Page 7
This page is one of the answer pages for the USConstitution .
net 's Constitutional FAQ .
There have been so many questions and answers over the years , that it was best to split them among several files .
If you 're looking for the question list , you can find it in three places .
First , the original , with questions listed in more - or - less the order I was asked them ; next , the subject listing , with questions listed by general topics ; and lastly , the Constitutional listing , with questions listed in the order they relate to the Constitution itself .
Q121 .
" What if the President and Vice President die and the succession goes to a person who is an American citizen but not by birth .
Is this possible ? "
A . It is possible that this scenario can happen , however unlikely .
In this case , the law governing the line of succession also specifies that any person holding an office in the line who is constitutionally unqualified to be President under normal circumstances would be passed over and the next eligible person in the line would become President .
For example , if the President and Vice President were both killed and the Speaker of the House was born in Canada , the presidency would pass to the President Pro Tempore of the Senate .
Q122 . " I have been told that there is a section of the Constitution that talks about dividing existing states and how it cannot happen .
Can you help me find this article ? "
A. Article 4 , Section 3 deals with this issue .
It says that no state may be created from within the boundaries of an existing state unless the existing state agrees to the division .
West Virginia was created from within the borders of Virginia during the Civil War when unionists declared that the state legislature was invalid and they convened their own legislature , which the United States recognized .
This new legislature approved the division of Virginia into Virginia and West Virginia .
This is the only such time that this provision of the Constitution has been put into effect as of this writing .
Q123 .
" Are civil rights and civil liberties the same thing ? "
A . They are used interchangeably and often mean the same thing .
Certainly they do colloquially .
More specifically , though , civil rights are thought to be those actions of the government that are taken to protect civil liberties .
Laws that prevent discrimination on the basis of gender , for example , find a civil right in the civil liberty of equal protection .
It is a very subtle difference .
Q124 .
" If a proposed amendment violates the Constitution , should the Supreme Court be able to block its ratification ? "
A. With only one exception , an amendment to the Constitution cannot , by definition , violate the Constitution .
Think it through : assume for a moment that an amendment to remove freedom of speech was ratified by the states .
The amendment violates the concept of free speech embodied in the 1st Amendment , for sure .
A law doing the same thing would be unconstitutional .
However , since we are not talking about a law , but instead an amendment , the effect would be to negate or nullify the free speech protections .
The new amendment , as a duly ratified amendment , becomes a part of the Constitution .
The Supreme Court would have no power to remove the amendment , and would , in fact , have to abide by it .
Q125 .
" On the Checks and Balances Page , it says that a legislative check on the legislature is that only the House can originate revenue bills .
I 've been told that only the House can originate spending bills , too - is this true ? "
A . In my opinion , the Constitution is unambiguous on the point : " All bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives " ( Article 1 Section 7 ) .
Thus , I 've listed the House 's " original jurisdiction " over revenue bills ( laws that affect taxes ) as a check .
The House , however , views this clause a little differently , taking it to mean not only taxation bills but also spending bills .
The plain language of the clause would seem to contradict the House 's opinion , but the House relies on historical precedent and contemporaneous writings to support its position .
In Federalist 66 , for example , Alexander Hamilton writes , " The exclusive privilege of originating money bills will belong to the House of Representatives . "
This phrase could easily be construed to include taxing and spending .
The Supreme Court has ruled , however , that the Senate can initiate bills that create revenue , if the revenue is incidental and not directly a tax .
Most recently , in US v Munoz - Flores ( 495 US 385 [ 1990 ] ) , the Court said , " Because the bill at issue here was not one for raising revenue , it could not have been passed in violation of the Origination Clause . "
The case cites Twin City v Nebeker ( 176 US 196 [ 1897 ] ) , where the court said that " revenue bills are those that levy taxes , in the strict sense of the word . "
However , the House , it is explained , will return a spending bill originated in the Senate with a note reminding the Senate of the House 's prerogative on these matters .
The color of the paper allows this to be called " blue - slipping . "
Because the House sees this as a matter of some pride , the Senate is almost guaranteed not to have concurrence on any spending bill which originates in the Senate .
This has created a de facto standard , despite my own contention ( and that of the Senate ) that it is not supported by the Constitution .
Q126 .
" Was George Washington the first President of the United States ? "
A . This is a question that is commonly asked of students in high school - the answer seems obvious - yes , of course George Washington was the first President .
But if it is so obvious , why is the question being asked ?
Is there another answer ?
The short answer is , Yes , George Washington was the first President of the United States .
The long answer is a bit more complicated .
Before the United States was established under The Constitution , there was another country called The United States .
This nation was established under The Articles of Confederation .
The two nations were geographically the same , but very different politically .
Without doubt or debate , George Washington was the first person elected to the Presidency of the United States under the Constitution .
So was there a President under the Articles , and if so , is n't that person the first President of the United States ?
Under the Articles , there was no executive branch .
So there was no President in the way we know it today .
The only branch of government established in the Articles is the legislative , called " The United States in Congress assembled , " or just " Congress . "
The Articles specified that there would be a presiding officer elected to a one - year term from the membership of Congress .
The duties and expectations of this person are never detailed .
This person was known as the presiding officer of the United States in Congress assembled , or President of Congress , or just as President .
The President under the Articles and the President under the Constitution are completely different offices with completely different roles in the government .
The first presiding officer of Congress was John Hanson .
The long answer , then , is that the first President of Congress was John Hanson , but the first President of the United States was George Washington .
Q127 .
" Can a president be impeached during a war ? "
A. Looking at the Constitution , there are several places where impeachment and war are mentioned ( impeachment in Article 1 , Sections 2 and 3 , Article 2 , Sections 2 and 4 , and in Article 3 , Section 2 ; war in Article 1 , Section 8 and Article 2 , Section 2 ) .
Reading just these parts , it is clear that there is no provision that stops impeachment during wartime .
There is no constitutional bar to impeachment during wartime .
There may be political or social blocks to impeachment in wartime , though , but these are outside the purview of this site .
Q128 .
" Does the Constitution set any requirements for potential cabinet members , such as age or residency ? "
A. A scan of the Constitution itself reveals that there is nothing therein that addresses the qualifications for members of the President 's Cabinet .
The only real requirements are that the President nominates a person to be a department secretary and the Senate must then confirm the appointment .
Other members of the Cabinet need not even go through the confirmation process .
The National Security Advisor , for example , is appointed by the President without any confirmation process .
Cabinet members , whether a confirmation is required or not , have no constitutional qualifications .
They can be young , old , male , female , of any race or religion , and of any national origin .
Several people not born in the U.S. have served in the Cabinet , including Henry Kissinger and Madeleine Albright .
Q129 .
" Does anyone know the exact dimensions of the Constitution ? "
A. According to the National Archives , where the Constitution is housed , each of the four pages is 28 3/ 4 inches by 23 5/8 inches .
Q130 .
" I know the state of California recently did a recall election on their governor .
Can recalls be done against any elected officials ? "
A . The recallability of any state or local elected official is subject to the laws of the state or locality , so it is hard to give a general answer to that part of the question .
The President and Vice President can only be removed via impeachment .
The other elected federal officials are Senators and Representatives .
The Constitution does not specify that they can be recalled , nor does it say that they can not be .
The courts have never ruled on the subject .
So the question is unresolved .
However , several things point to the unconstitutionality of recalls of federal officers .
First , the terms of Senators and Representative are set to six and two years respectively ; a recall would effective reduce the term .
Second , the Supreme Court has said that Senators and Representatives cannot have term limits ; a recall is akin to a term limit in its practical application .
Lastly , each house of Congress has the power to expel members ; if a member has committed acts that could lead to a recall , the acts could just as easily lead to expulsion .
It is likely that a vote of no confidence from a state 's electorate would go a long way in influencing an expulsion vote .
Q131 .
" Does anyone know how many officially declared wars we had throughout history ? "
A . Not as many as you might think .
The United States has been involved in a great many military actions , but only a very few declared wars .
A " declared war " is one where Congress actually passes a resolution placing the country into a state of war .
The following is an exhaustive list of all declared wars the United States has been involved in :
The War of 1812 ( 1812 - 1815 )
The Mexican War ( 1846-1848 )
The Spanish - American War ( 1898 - 1899 )
World War I ( 1917 - 1918 )
World War II ( 1941 - 1945 )
Q132 . " I have a friend who is taking an American Government course presently .
The professor told the class this past week that the U.S. Constitution was plagiarized completely .
Is there any validity to this charge ? "
A. The Constitution was written by some of the same people who wrote some of the constitutions of the various states , and it makes some sense that they would pull pieces of those that were usable .
Many of the framers were also members of Congress and had access to many of the documents that Congress produced , allowed them to draw from them as well .
Plagiarized is a strong word today , with negative connotations .
According to The Declaration of Independence and The Constitution of the United States by Pauline Maier , Jefferson 's Declaration of Independence was largely based on prior works , specifically Virginia 's revolutionary constitution and the Virginia Virginia Declaration of Rights .
Jefferson has worked on the former and George Mason on the latter .
According to Maier , this use of existing material was entirely within the ethical standards of the day , and , in fact , encouraged .
It is little wonder that parts of the new Constitution would similarly be based on prior work .
I think the simpler , and closer to the truth , thing to say is that parts of the Constitution were based on other governmental documents familiar to the framers .
Q133 .
" Please tell me if there is any mention of GOD or LORD or CHRIST anywhere in the US constitution . "
A . There is no direct mention of God in the Constitution , except in the formation of the date used in the document : " Done in Convention by the Unanimous Consent of the States present the Seventeenth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and Eighty seven " .
The Lord in this phrase is , of course , Christ .
That is it .
Religion is indirectly mentioned in the oath of office , where a person is permitted to swear or affirm , taking into account those religions where swearing was impermissible .
And no religious test was allowed for any office in the United States , which is neither a direct nor indirect reference to God or Christ , but is notable nonetheless .
Q134 .
" Is there anything in the Constitution , Bill Of Rights or any Amendment that adds to discrimination due to race , color , or creed ?
I thought that ' Sexual Preference ' was added , but I am told that I am wrong . "
A . There is nothing anywhere in the Constitution that specifically bans discrimination based on sexual preference .
There is not even a direct ban on discrimination based on race , color , or creed .
What we do have are provisions that are often interpreted that way .
The 15th and 19th Amendments , which ensured that blacks and women could vote , hint at a policy of non-discrimination , but they are actually quite specific .
They only involve suffrage and nothing else .
However , the due process clause of the 14th Amendment has been interpreted to mean that discrimination based on traits such as race are a violation of due process and not constitutional ( when done by the government or an agent of the government ) .
It is a complex issue .
Again , a ban on discrimination based on sexual preference is not a part of the Constitution , but has been extended , to some degree , based on the 14th Amendment by the courts .
The subject is far from a closed one at this time .
Q135 .
" It was my understanding that the Constitution forbade its president to be a Roman Catholic , but after many years this was deleted because it was later deemed to be ' politically incorrect ' .
Is this true ? "
A . There has never been anything in the Constitution , in any draft or version , that stated anything of the sort .
You need only read the original to see for yourself - photographic copies are available at this site and at the National Archives site .
A quick scan of the debates of the Convention , as transcribed by Madison , reveals no mention of the word " Catholic " as well .
I fear you 've hit upon another Internet myth .
Q136 .
" Can the US declare war in order to free the people of the country ?
I heard this once but I do n't know if its true , or if it was what document did it came out of . "
A. The Congress is given the power to declare war .
There is no limitation or condition on this power .
The Congress can declare war at any time for any reason it wishes , including to free the people of a country from oppression , or because we dislike the color of the other nation 's flag .
The trick is that Congress as a body must agree by at least a majority , and that is why declarations of war are so rare .
It is a major task to convince half of both houses of Congress that a declaration of war is necessary .
Q137 .
" I recently had a debate with a friend of mine .
The question was what is required to repeal an Amendment to the Constitution .
I told him I thought it would take two - thirds approval of the House and Senate , the President 's signature and three - fourths approval of the states .
Was I right ? "
A . The repeal of any part of the Constitution requires an amendment to the Constitution - this includes the repeal of a previously passed amendment .
So , the process is well defined in the Constitution , and is detailed on the Amendment Page .
In reading that page , you can see that you were almost right - the biggest mistake you made is that the President is not involved in the amendment process in any way .
Q138 .
" In what instances is a ' Supermajority ' required under the US Constitution ? "
A . The specific instances in which the US Constitution requires a super - majority are limited to :
Additionally , it should be noted the in a few cases , the Constitution requires a super - majority for a quorum .
A quorum is that number of members of a body that are required for the body to do any work .
For example , there is usually a 50 % quorum requirement in the House and Senate - at least half the members must be present .
In the Constitution , super - majority quorums are required as follows :
Choice of a President in the House when no majority of electoral votes is achieved ( member or members from 2/3 of the states 12th Amendment )
Choice of a Vice President in the Senate when no majority of electoral votes is achieved ( 2/3 of all Senators 12th Amendment )
Q139 .
" Why can't I find anything about filibusters in the Constitution ? "
A . The short answer is because there is nothing there to find : the Constitution does not contemplate the filibuster in any way , directly or indirectly .
So , then , what is all this talk about the Framers , the Senate , the filibuster , and its relationship to the Constitution ?
By way of definition , the filibuster is a delaying tactic that is a part of the rules of the Senate .
It is a word that comes from the Spanish word for " freebooter , " which means " pirate . "
The origin seems to be that a person who filibusters is plundering the time and focus of a deliberative body , like a legislature .
Specifically , in the U.S. Senate , a filibuster is used by a single Senator or group of Senators to stop or delay action on a piece of legislation .
It has long been the tradition of the Senate that debate may not be stopped unless those taking up the debate allow it to be stopped .
In other words , once a Senator has the floor , he or she may continue to talk forever .
This rule goes back to the very beginnings of the Senate .
The Constitution allows each house of Congress to set its own rules .
Early on , both houses had unlimited debate provisions .
The House of Representatives , however , as a much larger body , found this rule unworkable and rules to limit debate came into effect .
The Senate , until recently , never created such a rule .
The term for the use of unlimited debate as a legislative tactic became known as a filibuster in the 1850's .
The first attack on the filibuster came in 1841 , by no lesser a figure than Henry Clay .
It survived , though , until 1917 , when the Senate adopted a rule allowing a filibuster to be stopped by a two - thirds vote .
Such a vote is known as " cloture . "
Cloture ended the ability of a single Senator to hold up Senate business , but since a two - thirds vote can be difficult to get , it certainly did not stop the filibuster .
In 1975 , the two - thirds rule was changed to three - fifths .
Today , the three - fifths rule allows cloture on the basis of the vote of sixty Senators .
In 2005 , the filibuster again came under attack when threats to filibuster judicial appointments prompted calls for a rule change specifically against filibusters on judicial appointments .
So the filibuster has its constitutional origins in the ability of each house of Congress to set its own rules .
It has its origins in the framers in that they saw the Senate as a place where extended debate and discussion would have a cooling effect on the actions of the more " heated " House .
And it has its origins in the concept ingrained in our political system that the rights of the minority must be protected from the force of the majority .
Q140 .
" I heard on talk radio that Bill Clinton was planning to figure out a way to be President again .
Is there any possible way this could happen ? "
A . The short answer is " No . "
But because this sort of rumor circulates pretty quickly across the Internet and talk radio , let 's be a little more verbose and look at all the possibilities .
First , though , to the subject of Clinton : my understanding is that he was asked to speculate on how he might return to the Presidency - not that he was actually planning to try to do so .
The 22nd Amendment is pretty clear - no president can be elected to the presidency more than twice , and if a Vice President assumes the presidency , he or she can be elected twice thereafter if they serve two years of the former president 's term or less , or once if they serve more than two years of the former president 's term .
Any scheme to get a two - term president back into the White House , then , must get around these limits .
The first way is to get that person into the Vice Presidency somehow .
There is one big , major hurdle to this kind of scheme , however - the last clause of the 12th Amendment prohibits anyone from becoming Vice President if they are ineligible for the Presidency .
So , a two - term president cannot be elected to be Vice President , and he cannot be appointed to replace a Vice President .
Any scheme that places a two - term president into the Vice Presidency as its basis fails on its face on this accord .
The other scheme is to insert a two - termer into the Line of Succession somewhere .
This is a possibility - a two - termer can be elected to the House and become Speaker , or be elected to the Senate and become President Pro Tem .
Both of these positions are in the Line .
A two - termer can also be named to a Cabinet position , and all cabinet secretaries are in the Line .
However , there is one main sticking point in this scheme - the law prohibits anyone constitutionally ineligible from assuming the Presidency .
In other words , if a two - termer was Speaker of the House , the presidency would skip over that person and fall to the President Pro Tem .
Since this is just a law , and can be repealed , there is a fall - back : the 22nd Amendment .
Though it specifies that no one can be elected more than twice , and this would be an assumption and not an election , it could be argued that the 22nd would not apply .
I think this is too strict a reading of the amendment , and if challenged , the Supreme Court would interpret " elected " to mean any means of assuming the presidency .
All other schemes assume some pretty extraordinary circumstances - none of which are likely to ever occur .
These schemes are more likely to be plots in novels or storylines on 24 than anything that would happen in real life .
The only likely scenario I can see is the repeal of the 22nd Amendment .
With repeal , all of the other schemes become unnecessary .
But repeal also seems very unlikely .
URL : //www.usconstitution.net/constfaq_a7.html
Bryan and Johan have been working hard on replacing the GHC runtime ’s concurrency mechanism based on select , with a new one based on epoll .
This should improve scalability of Haskell server code in a number of ways — more connections sec , more concurrent connections , and so on .
You can read about their work in a series of posts :
And you can find the current code for haskell - event on github : http://﻿github.com/tibbe/event
After reading this post , on how epoll - based user land callbacks can outperform general purpose preemptive threads for non-compute bound IO work , I wanted to see what improvements we can hope for from an epoll - based version in Haskell .
The full code , which shows how to set up simple socket event notification using the event lib , is on the Haskell wiki , and will be useful for getting a flavor of the event lib use .
The results :
So while a simple forkIO / accept version , doing Handle and String IO would peak out around 7 k req /sec , the epoll based version reached over 15 k req/sec .
So that ’s useful : good epoll - based event code for Haskell .
The next step will be to see the redesign of Control .
Concurrent based on epoll being merged into GHC .
Jonatan Barrera aprendi� a leer a los tres a�os y a los 16 ya empezaba la carrera de Investigaci�n Biom�dica
GENIO Jonatan recientemente obtuvo el Premio al Servicio Social " Gustavo Baz Prada " por su tesis de licenciatura , con la que desentra�� algunos secretos de los padecimientos renales .
( Foto : Especial UNAM )
Ciudad de M�xico | Martes 19 de enero de 2010
Notimex | El Universal
10:44
D iseñadores Ve nidos del In fierno " , namely " Designers who came from the Hell " .
With customers like Diesel , American Airlines , Voll Damm , Canal + or National Geographic , Dvein has collaborated with well - known studios as Prologue Films , from Kyle Cooper , or developed the titles of Spiderman 3 just to mention of a few of their outstanding works .
Teo Guillem , Fernado Dominguez , Carlos Pardo and their inhouse producer Sonia Figuera are the current staff of Dvein .
Despite their great professionalism , they consider their work more like in the spirit to be a hobby than a profession trying to get a fresh air in the creative result , and avoiding in some way the stress of the formal workflow .
We agree with them .
This is one of keys to obtain what we will see in the following video which is a summary of their latest works .
With a futuristic and bold but smart style , impeccable forms and advanced techniques , Dvein achieved a remarkable brand in just 2 years .
Congratulations !
From the land of universal artists as Dalí , Miró , Gaudí , Pau Casals or Tàpies , unforgettable Olympic Games , and a cosmopolite center in the mediterranean area , the spaniard Dvein company , headquartered in Barcelona , has been focused in the visual effects and motion graphics since 2007 , becaming an obligued reference in the european catalogue of outstanding creators in this field .
The Dvein brand is an acronym : " iseñadoresnidos delfierno " , namely " Designers who came from the Hell " .
With customers like Diesel , American Airlines , Voll Damm , Canal + or National Geographic , Dvein has collaborated with well - known studios as Prologue Films , from Kyle Cooper , or developed the titles of Spiderman 3 just to mention of a few of their outstanding works .
Teo Guillem , Fernado Dominguez , Carlos Pardo and their inhouse producer Sonia Figuera are the current staff of Dvein .
Despite their great professionalism , they consider their work more like in the spirit to be a hobby than a profession trying to get a fresh air in the creative result , and avoiding in some way the stress of the formal workflow .
We agree with them .
This is one of keys to obtain what we will see in the following video which is a summary of their latest works .
With a futuristic and bold but smart style , impeccable forms and advanced techniques , Dvein achieved a remarkable brand in just 2 years .
Congratulations !
More Information at www.dvein.com .
Image and Videos Courtesy of Dvein . Video Montage and Encoding : 3Dup.com
He is a small , energetic looking man with thick spectacles and white hair .
He speaks English with a thick , slightly American accent .
As he stands in the queue outside Munich 's criminal court in his beige zip - up jacket , he looks like any ordinary pensioner with time on his hands .
He might have come to watch justice being done merely as an impartial observer .
Yet Thomas " Toivi " Blatt is no ordinary senior citizen .
Aged 82 , he is one of the last people alive to have survived the hell of the Nazi extermination camps in which millions were systematically slaughtered by brutal German and Ukrainian SS henchmen during the Second World War .
Only 82 people survived the death factory camps of Treblinka , Sobibor , Belzec and Auschwitz - Birkenau in Nazi- occupied Poland .
Thomas Blatt is one of them .
He still has a bullet lodged in his jaw to show for it .
He got it when he was shot in the face and had to " play dead " after a miraculous escape from Sobibor in October 1943 .
This Tuesday , having travelled from his home in California , he will enter the witness box in the clinical surroundings of Munich 's modern neon - lit criminal court and recall the horror he endured as a 15 - year - old Jewish prisoner in Sobibor , where 250,00 people including his parents and his 10 - year - old brother were murdered .
Mr Blatt 's testimony is expected to be crucial in deciding the outcome of what has been called the world 's last Holocaust trial .
The alleged former Nazi SS guard John Demjanjuk , a former Ukrainian citizen , who was extradited to Germany from Cleveland , Ohio last year , is accused of complicity in the murder of 27,900 mainly Dutch Jews who were gassed or beaten to death at Sobibor in the spring and summer of 1943 .
Demjanjuk , who is 89 and suffering from numerous ailments , is refusing to speak at his trial , and follows the proceedings in court lying on a hospital stretcher with a baseball cap pulled over his eyes .
He has denied complicity in mass murder .
Mr Blatt has not been able to identify Demjanjuk as having been one of the 100 Ukrainian guards at the camp , although he believes he was certainly there at the time he was a Sobibor prisoner .
His testimony will nevertheless make it chillingly clear that anyone employed as a Sobibor guard was a vital cog in the machinery of genocide .
" We were terrified of the Ukrainian guards at Sobibor .
They were worse than the Germans – and I was there at the same time as Demjanjuk , " he said .
Mr Blatt was born in Izbica , only 43 miles from the Sobibor death camp .
A Nazi SS squad picked him up with his father , mother and young brother during a routine " Jew round - up " in April 1943 .
They were bundled into a truck .
" The camp gate opened to reveal what looked like a beautiful village , " he said .
" We had heard what went on in there , but we refused to believe it .
But I knew better , I was 15 and I realised that I was going to die , " he added .
He remembers a man standing next to him peering through a hole in the truck 's side at a group of Ukrainian guards equipped with bull whips .
The man said , in Yiddish , how the place was " black " with them in reference to their black SS uniforms .
Within a matter of seconds the Jewish prisoners were herded out of the truck and set upon by the screaming , whip - wielding guards who drove them up a path known as the " Himmelfahrtstrasse " or " road to heaven " towards the gas chambers .
" They mistreated us , they shot the old and the sick new arrivals who could n't walk anymore .
And they were the ones who drove the naked people into the gas chambers with their bayonets .
They would come back with splashes of blood on their boots , " Mr Blatt told The Independent on Sunday .
" I often had to work a few feet away .
If they refused to go on , they hit them and fired shots .
I can still remember their shout of ' Idi siuda ' , which means ' come here ' , " he added .
Young Thomas saw his father being beaten with a club .
" Then I lost sight of him .
I said to my mother , ' And yesterday I was n't allowed to drink the rest of the milk , because you absolutely wanted to save some for today ' .
That strange remark of mine still haunts me today – it was the last thing I said to her .
My brother stayed at my mother 's side .
They were all murdered in the gas chambers within the hour . "
A few weeks later , Thomas Blatt was forced to watch his best friend , Leon , being slowly beaten to death .
Middle - class Dutch Jews started being sent to Sobibor shortly after his arrival and the SS changed their tactics to trick them .
" When a Dutch transport arrived , usually an SS man would hold a speech .
He would apologise for the arduous journey , and said that for hygienic reasons , everyone needed to shower first .
Then later they would be given jobs .
Some of the new arrivals applauded .
They had no idea what was in store , " he recalled .
He survived only because the SS had executed a number of so - called " work Jews " at Sobibor the day before he arrived .
The camp commandant was looking for replacements and 15 - year - old Thomas pushed himself forward , pleading " Take me , take me ! " .
His jobs included polishing SS men's boots , sorting the clothes and shaving the hair off naked women prisoners before they were driven into gas chambers pumped full of exhaust fumes .
It took up to 40 minutes for those inside to die .
" We heard the whine of the generator that started the submarine engine which made the gas that killed them .
I remember standing and listening to the muffled screams and knowing that men , women and children were dying in agony as I sorted their clothes .
This is what I live with , " he said .
He survived by supplying his Ukrainian tormentors with the gold coins he found in the victims ' clothing after they were gassed .
The guards used the money to pay for prostitutes .
He tried to look healthy , strong and useful to avoid being murdered in the routine executions of the " work Jews " .
" I knew the Germans like it when you were clean and healthy looking , " he said .
" I watched out that my pants did n't get wrinkled and that they kept their creases and I always went around looking for possibilities to escape , " he added .
The chance came in October 1943 soon after a group of Jewish Red Army soldiers arrived at the camp .
Within two weeks they had planned an uprising , which later became the subject of a book by Blatt The Forgotten Revolt , and an award - winning television film Escape from Sobibor .
Thomas Blatt helped to kill 12 SS officers by tricking each one separately into believing that a fine leather coat had been saved for them from one of the Jewish transports .
Prisoners armed with axes and knives killed the SS men as they arrived to collect their booty .
A breakout ensued .
Jewish prisoners scaled the perimeter fence under a hail of gunfire from the camp watchtowers , which were still manned .
The ones who got over the fence were blown up by mines that surrounded the camp .
Mr Blatt escaped this fate because his jacket caught on the fence .
He eventually got through the minefield by jumping through the pits in the ground caused by the explosions .
He and a friend bribed a Polish farmer to hide them under the floor of a barn in return for loot they took from the camp .
But after stripping off some of their clothes and hiding them in a pit , the farmer decided it would be safer to kill them .
The farmer shot at them and Thomas was hit in the face .
He pretended to be dead and then managed to escape , spending the rest of the war hiding in woods or abandoned buildings and scavenging for food .
Mr Blatt says he is not seeking vengeance .
" I do n't care if he [ Demjanjuk ] goes to prison or not – the trial is what matters to me , " he said .
By Jonathan Amos
Science correspondent , BBC News
An artist 's impression of the black hole pulling gas off its companion
Astronomers have spied a star - sized black hole much further away than any such object previously known .
It has a mass 20 times that of our Sun and is sited six million light - years away in the galaxy NGC 300 .
The discovery was made using the Very Large Telescope ( VLT ) facility on Mount Paranal in Chile .
The scientists ' data indicates the object has a huge companion star that will , most probably , end its days as a black hole , too .
" In the time it 's taken for the light to reach us from this galaxy , the companion star will have blown up in a supernova to produce its own black hole , " said Professor Paul Crowther , from Sheffield University , UK , and the lead author of the scientific paper reporting the discovery .
" If you could instantly teleport yourself to that system right now , you 'd presumable find a pair of black holes spiralling around each other , " he told BBC News .
The spiral galaxy NGC 300
You can see a video of what this system looks like by going to the website of the European Southern Observatory organisation .
Black holes tend to come in two sizes .
The super - massive variety is colossal and weighs a million to a billion times the mass of our Sun .
There is also the stellar - sized type , which may be 10 or so times the mass of our Sun , and result when really big stars exhaust their nuclear fuel at the end of their lives and collapse .
The new target falls into the latter category .
It has a mass of about 20 times that of the Sun .
Astronomers have now found three black holes with masses more than 15 times that of the Sun , all of which are in galaxies outside our own .
The existence of the new one was first suspected through X - ray observations with the US space agency 's Swift telescope and the European Space Agency 's XMM - Newton observatory .
" We recorded periodic , extremely intense X - ray emission , a clue that a black hole might be lurking in the area , " explains team member Stefania Carpano from Esa .
Black holes are expected to pulse X - rays as they pull gas into themselves and tear it apart .
The VLT facility and its four 8.2 m telescope units
This was all confirmed when astronomers then followed up the Swift - XMM data with observations using the FORS2 instrument mounted on the 8.2 m
Antu unit of the VLT .
The instrument can pick apart fine details in light at visible and near - infrared wavelengths .
" We took spectra of the companion star regularly , every night over the course of a couple of weeks , and we saw a feature in the companion star that basically ' wobbles ' , " said Professor Crowther .
" We get a blue shift and a red shift in the light as the star goes around the black hole . "
The pair sweep about each other with a period of just 32 hours .
If sited in our Solar System , this action would take place inside what is the orbit of Mercury .
The companion is something astronomers call a Wolf - Rayet star - a giant , hot , highly - evolved star that is billowing gas into space .
SEEKING GRAVITATIONAL WAVES
Gravitational waves are an inevitable consequence of the theory of general relativity
They describe the gravity force as distortions made by matter in the fabric of space - time An accelerating mass will produce waves ; they are expected to propagate at the speed of light Detectable sources should include exploding stars ; merging black holes and neutron stars Labs fire lasers into 2 - 4 km - long , L - shaped tunnels ; the weak waves should disturb the light
Gravity hunt to be upgraded A lot of this material is presumably being pulled onto the black hole .
Only one other binary comprising a black hole and a Wolf - Rayet star has previously been seen .
Assuming the Wolf - Rayet arrives at the denouement expected for a star of its size , the system will then become a binary comprising two coalescing black holes .
In time , these holes would merge , emitting copious amounts of energy in the form of gravitational waves .
These ripples in the fabric of space - time are an inevitable consequence of the theory of general relativity , and their first detection is being sought by intricate laser experiments set up in science labs across the world .
Merging black holes are considered one of the most promising targets for these experiments .
" What 's not really known is the statistics of binary black holes - we do n't know how many there are .
This gives us a hint there might be a certain number because this system is a progenitor to binary black holes . "
Professor Crowther and colleagues will publish their findings in the journal Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society .
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
CBS yesterday approved the script for a Focus on the Family anti-choice ad to be aired during the superbowl , despite the network 's own written policy against advocacy ads .
Earlier this week we reported on the announcement by Focus on the Family that it would spent upwards of $ 2.5 million to air a “ life - and family - affirming ”
television ad during the Super Bowl on Feb. 7 featuring 2007
Heisman Trophy winner Tim Tebow and his mother , Pam .
Reports indicated the ad would “ likely to be
an anti-abortion message
chronicling Pam Tebow ’s 1987 pregnancy .
After getting sick during a
mission trip to the Philippines , she ignored a recommendation by
doctors to abort her fifth child and gave birth to Tim . ”
Today , Amanda Terkel of Thinkprogress reports that according to MediaDailyNews CBS yesterday approved the Focus on the Family script :
CBS executives approved a script for a Super Bowl spot from evangelical group Focus on the Family , which suggests the ad will not carry a pro-life message — at least an overt one .
The network has a policy of prohibiting advocacy ads , even
ones that carry an “ implicit ” endorsement for a side in a public debate .
A CBS spokesman did say the network will review the video version of
the spot before giving it the final green light , but does not
anticipate any hurdles .
Sex . Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Terkel points out that the networks and the NFL have repeatedly rejected advocacy ads —
including by progressive organizations .
In 2004 , CBS rejected
MoveOn.org ’s 30 - second ad about President Bush , which Salon called “ a low - key attack on Bush ’s fiscal irresponsibility
that ’s unlikely to make anyone very angry . ”
The network has said that
it does n’t accept spots where “ substantial elements of the community
( are ) in opposition to one another . ”
Last year , NBC rejected a
30 - second public service announcement about marriage equality .
Anti-consumerist activist Kalle Lasn and PETA have also had their ads turned down under the “ no advocacy ” policy .
But lo and behold , the policy leaves room for interpretation such that virulent anti-choice–and I would argue anti-family –organizations such as Focus get to air their messages .
Terkel quotes Alex Jones , director of the Joan
Shorenstein Center on the Press , Politics and Public Policy at Harvard ,
as saying :
The rules are exactly what the owner of the news medium wants them to be , and they are not rules , they are simply choices .
For many news organizations , the rules are governed by such things as
taste and accuracy .
In the case of some , the question of taste slips
over into finding the message disagreeable or believing that the
audience would find that message disagreeable .
The long and short of it is they do n’t have to run any advertisement they do n’t want to .
So despite the stated policy , which ostensibly is in place to provide uniformity and transparency in decision - making , the networks clearly do what they want .
Terkel writes that last year :
ThinkProgress documented that NBC ran anti-smoking and anti-steroids ads , even though it rejected the marriage equality ad and a pro-life ad because it was supposedly banning all advocacy spots .
In the past , CBS also approved “ an anti-smoking spot ,
a public service announcement about AIDS , and a commercial from the
White House Office of National Drug Control Policy ” during the Super
Bowl .
So , she states , " even though CBS accepted Focus on the Family ’s ad and the network
has a “ no advocacy ” policy , CBS may still allow the group to advocate a
right - wing position . "
Makes sense , huh ?
Like I said before , let ’s see if Focus can put its money on families in which women and children face domestic abuse at the hands of violent partners ( since shelters are hurting desperately in this economic environment ) and if they do some ads encouraging all those pro-lifers to vote for funding to support the families now without sufficient food or health care , or the devastating effects of the loss of jobs .
I guess it is just that much easier to just keep the focus on controlling women .
Updated : 10:30 p.m.
CLEVELAND , Ohio —
Flights resumed late this evening after a power outage at ticket counters forced airlines at Cleveland Hopkins International Airport , including Continental , to cancel most of their flights today .
An airport spokeswoman said a limited number of Continental planes took off after 6 p.m .
Although electrical service was restored about 2:30 p.m. , United , American , Southwest , Delta and US Air , had already scratched all flights .
Trying to ramp up again after an outage is difficult , spokeswoman Julie King said .
" It 's a very slow process , and there is still power down in some areas of operation , " she said .
Even with power restored it was expected to take airlines a while to restore operations .
Airport spokeswoman Jackie Mayo said passengers should check with airlines before returning to the airport .
Anyone with flights scheduled for Monday morning should plan to arrive early since the airport was expected to be especially busy , she said .
King said customers were allowed to change schedules without penalty .
American Airlines spokeswoman Andrea Huguely said the airline canceled 16 American Eagle flights , both inbound and outbound , as a result of the power outage .
American Airlines itself does not fly into Cleveland .
United Airlines canceled two flights .
The problem will affect thousands of people .
Hopkins is one of Continental 's hubs , with an average of 175 flights a day .
The airport has some backup power systems , but the individual airlines are responsible for having backup systems at their ticket counters .
Most , like Continental , do not .
In addition to the ticket counters , the power problems were also affecting the baggage carousels and extendable boarding rampways .
It also cut power to the Greater Cleveland Regional Transit Authority 's airport station for its airport rapid trains .
The problem began about 6 a.m. , when the power surged at a transformer on Brookpark Road in Brook Park .
About 45 minutes later , power went out at the airport , Hopkins spokeswoman Jackie Mayo said .
A fire burned the transformer and the pole .
No one was injured .
Road salt dust that got into the transformer may have caused the problem , First Energy spokesman Mark Durbin said .
" The fire caused the top of the pole to topple over causing the outage , " he said .
" All of the equipment that was on top of the pole is being replaced . "
Air traffic controllers are using a back - up power system .
And much of the airport has power , including the main security checkpoint , but most ticket counters remain blacked out .
Just two Continental planes will depart today before 6 p.m .
Their destinations are Las Vegas and Houston , departing at 12:30 and 1 p.m .
RTA 's was using shuttle buses to get riders into Hopkins , having the switch from the Red Line trains at the Brook Park station .
Charley Howard , of Youngstown , was dropped off at Hopkins at 6 a.m. to fly to San Juan , Puerto Rico , for her employer .
She learned her flight was canceled at 10 a.m. and was headng back home at 11:40 a.m .
" This screws up my whole week , " she said .
Videographer Gary Saunder , 32 , of New York City was heading home this morning .
He was told he'd have to wait until tomorrow .
Reach Continental Airlines at 800-784-4444 or Continental.com .
Plain Dealer reporter Mark Puente contributed to this story .
@ Astro_Soichi is sending back pictures - live - from ISS via Twitter and Twitpic :
- Golden Gate Bridge , San Fransisco , CA .
Beautiful shadow :-)
http://twitpic.com/10iitj
- Noctilucent clouds .
Antarctic .
Priceless .
http://twitpic.com/10iiti
But wait - there 's more yet to come from orbit : according to JT Creamer : RT @Astro_TJ : @space_pete
Yes it 's true : our internal cameras wlll stream to the Web beginning Monday !
Wave when you see us !! :)
NASA 's space tweets are part of a larger conversation , Government Computing News
" ... the software upgrade that made it possible is pretty impressive .
The system , which NASA calls the Crew Support LAN , taps into existing communications links -- a Ku satellite band with 3 megabits / sec upstream and 10 megabits / sec downstream -- to give astronauts Web access , along with the ability to better communicate with family and loved ones during their long stays on the space station .
All that while traveling at 17,300 mph some 250 miles above the Earth . "
I had lunch with Howard Zinn just a few weeks ago , and I ’ve seldom had more fun while talking about so many matters that were unreservedly unpleasant : the sorry state of government and politics in the U.S. , the tragic futility of our escalation in Afghanistan , the plight of working people in an economy rigged to benefit the rich and powerful .
Mr. Zinn could talk about all of that and more without losing his sense of humor .
He was a historian with a big , engaging smile that seemed ever - present .
His death this week at the age of 87 was a loss that should have drawn much more attention from a press corps that spends an inordinate amount of its time obsessing idiotically over the likes of Tiger Woods and John Edwards .
Mr. Zinn was chagrined by the present state of affairs , but undaunted .
“ If there is going to be change , real change , ” he said , “ it will have to work its way from the bottom up , from the people themselves .
That ’s how change happens . ”
We were in a restaurant at the Warwick Hotel in Manhattan .
Also there was Anthony Arnove , who had worked closely with Mr. Zinn in recent years and had collaborated on his last major project , “ The People Speak . ”
It ’s a film in which well - known performers bring to life the inspirational words of everyday citizens whose struggles led to some of the most profound changes in the nation ’s history .
Think of those who joined in  and in many cases became leaders of  the abolitionist movement , the labor movement , the civil rights movement , the feminist revolution , the gay rights movement , and so on .
Apparently , Mass Effect 2 ‘s main character John Shepard and Barack Obama , the President of the US have nothing in common … or do they ?
No , they do n’t , but you can still play Mass Effect 2 with style , as a president , if you spend some time customizing your own character using ME2 ’s nifty Character Creator .
As you can see in the image to the left , the results can be quite impressive and your character can indeed look like Barak Obama .
Even better , I ’ve managed to find a cool YouTube tutorial below that shows you exactly what you have to do to create your own Mass Effect 2 Obama and get ready to rumble !
Miranda Lawson , Jacob Taylor and Obama – now that ’s a team !
Check out the detailed tutorial on how to create Barack Obama as a Mass Effect 2 character :
by
The advanced technology trade deficit hit an all - time record of $ 8.3 billion in November , handily beating the previous record of $ 7.7 billion , set in October 2007 , at the peak of the boom .
That ’s the gap between exports and imports for high - tech goods such as aerospace , advanced materials , information technology , and biotech .
On one level , that ’s not a surprise .
The U.S. has run a trade deficit in advanced technology products in every month since June 2002 .
On another level , it ’s intensely disturbing that the financial crisis seems to have done nothing to break the longterm trend .
WASHINGTON 
Since the suicide bombing that took the lives of seven Americans in Afghanistan on Dec. 30 , the Central Intelligence Agency has struck back against militants in Pakistan with the most intensive series of missile strikes from drone aircraft since the covert program began .
Beginning the day after the attack on a C.I.A. base in Khost , Afghanistan , the agency has carried out 11 strikes that have killed about 90 people suspected of being militants , according to Pakistani news reports , which make almost no mention of civilian casualties .
The assault has included strikes on a mud fortress in North Waziristan on Jan. 6 that killed 17 people and a volley of missiles on a compound in South Waziristan last Sunday that killed at least 20 .
“ For the C.I.A. , there is certainly an element of wanting to show that they can hit back , ” said Bill Roggio , editor of The Long War Journal , an online publication that tracks the C.I.A. ’s drone campaign .
Mr. Roggio , as well as Pakistani and American intelligence officials , said many of the recent strikes had focused on the Pakistani Taliban and its leader , Hakimullah Mehsud , who claimed responsibility for the Khost bombing .
The Khost attack cost the agency dearly , taking the lives of the most experienced analysts of Al Qaeda whose intelligence helped guide the drone attacks .
Yet the agency has responded by redoubling its assault .
Drone strikes have come roughly every other day this month , up from about once a week last year and the most furious pace since the drone campaign began in earnest in the summer of 2008 .
One of the luxuries of living in a one - party state is that one need not pay attention to politics .
Presidential candidates do not campaign here .
Representatives and Senators , secure of being reelected , ignore communications from constituents other than large donors .
Our TV and radio pleasure is not interrupted by political ads .
We get to enjoy the full use of our airports and highways , without roadblocks and restrictions put up by the Secret Service .
We can concentrate on our work , friends , hobbies , and family .
This charmed life has been rudely interrupted by the special Senate election for a successor to Ted Kennedy .
Polls indicate that Republican Scott Brown has some conceivable chance of beating Democrat Martha Coakley , challenging the conventional wisdom that a Republican has a better chance of being hit by a meteor than of being elected to the U.S. Senate from Massachusetts .
One thing that the polls do not show is the huge number of voters who know nothing about either Brown or Coakley .
They may not even know that an election is scheduled .
However , when they drive by a school on their way to the supermarket and see a “ vote today ” sign , they will go into the booth and , just as illiterate Indians back in the 1960s looked for the hand symbol and voted for Indira Gandhi ’s Congress Party , will vote for the party in which they are registered ( in the case of Massachusetts , overwhelmingly Democrat ) .
The mailbox is stuffed full of appeals to vote for Coakley , each one from a different organization or committee .
Each appeal is a four - color glossy double - sided 8.5 ×11 ″ sheet .
Presumably the fear is that voters would n’t be motivated enough to open an envelope .
There are photos of the hated King Bush II and Scott Brown is identified as a Republican .
Radio stations are filled with ads by Coakley and affiliated groups .
I have n’t heard any ads that say anything positive about Coakley ; they all concentrate on what is bad about Brown .
Mostly what is bad is that he is a Republican .
The word is repeated like a curse in every sentence : “ Republican Scott Brown is a Republican who will go to Washington and vote with the Republicans , just as he has voted with Republicans in the state senate . ”
The “ do not call ” registry does not apply , apparently , to political harangues , so the home phone has been ringing every day for two weeks .
Machines with Obama ’s voice urge us to vote for Coakley .
People call up and ask us to campaign for Coakley .
Friends have emailed asking me to campaign for Coakley .
[ The Brown campaign , by contrast , must have only a tiny fraction of the financial resources .
I have not heard a single ad for Brown and have not received anything in the mail promoting Brown .
No Brown supporters or automated machines have called the home phone . ]
So I finally decided to have a look at Coakley ’s resume .
She is a lawyer who has spent nearly her entire professional life collecting a government paycheck .
It is difficult to see how she would add a new perspective to a U.S. Senate already stuffed with people who have similar backgrounds .
Why should we have to give up our leisure time to assist with her promotion within the Party ?
The Russians under the old Soviet Union did not volunteer to get out the vote for the Communist Party .
Coakley will win , but do we have to miss an episode of South Park ?
[ I also looked for the first time at Brown ’s biography the other day .
He is also a lawyer .
The biggest knock against him is that he has spent 15 years as a Republican in the Massachusetts legislature , both in the house and senate .
Aside from collecting a fat salary and generous pension , what would motivate a person to do that ?
The legislature meets all year every year .
As it has been controlled by Democrats for decades , the meetings serve no purpose .
The Party ’s senior officials could decide what they want to do with the state , write it up in one big document , and have the Democrat - controlled legislature approve it in one hour .
A Republican has the right to collect a paycheck , the right to attend votes , the right to sit in on some meetings , but could not possibly influence the outcome in any way ( and indeed his Web site does not claim that he ever got any specific law passed ) .
If Brown wanted to accomplish anything as a politician , he would have had to move to New Hampshire or switch to the ruling party .
But he did not do either of those things , which means that he has essentially done nothing for a good chunk of his professional life . ]
Terrified that the reliable sheep of Massachusetts will stray from the Democrat flock , Bill Clinton and Barack Obama are visiting this weekend .
Thousands of Secret Service goons have converged on the state , commercial flights from Logan will be interrupted , and the area flight schools are all shut down due to temporary flight restrictions ( massive economic losses right there ) in order to prevent the nation ’s most faithful Democrats from shooting the nation ’s most beloved Democratic politicians .
For decades the Democrats have been taxing the citizens of Massachusetts and handing the money out to their cronies .
Now they are wasting our time as well .
Mr Singh gave chase before being stabbed to death Police investigating the murder of a man stabbed to death after chasing handbag snatchers in east London have arrested three men .
Sukhwinder Singh , 31 , was attacked on Friday as he pursued two men who had mugged a 28 - year - old woman in Barking .
Mr Singh died at the Royal London Hospital .
A post -mortem test showed he died from a stab wound to the heart .
At 1400 GMT three men were arrested by police acting on intelligence .
They are being held in custody in east London .
Additional suspects Police described Mr Singh as a " hero " for his actions .
The woman was walking home from Barking Station at about 1840 GMT when she was attacked from behind by two men who grabbed her handbag .
The bag has not been recovered .
Following the robbery Mr Singh chased the suspects for about 60 yards along Victoria Road into Uphall Road , where it is believed that an altercation took place and he was stabbed .
The handbag has not been recovered A Metropolitan Police spokesman said they now believed more than two suspects were involved in the killing .
Det Ch Insp Stephen Clayman said : " We need to hear from anybody who witnessed the initial robbery , the actual stabbing and anyone who may have seen suspects running away from the Uphall Road area .
" I wish to encourage members of the public to come forward and speak to police - no matter how insignificant they may feel their information is . "
He added : " If they have fears regarding speaking to police , I assure them that we can allay those fears . "
Mr Singh was an Indian national who had lived in the UK for about 10 years .
According to the Met , he had cousins in Barking but his family lived in India .
Earlier on Wednesday police released a CCTV image of the handbag believed to have been stolen .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Paul Samuelson was a great economic theorist .
But he was also an acute observer of the real world , to such an extent that many of the things he said in his 1948 textbook ring truer than what many , perhaps most economists believed on the eve of the current crisis .
This is especially true with regard to monetary policy .
By the 1980s , I think it ’s fair to say that the vast majority of economists had been convinced by Milton Friedman ’s assertion that aggressive monetary policy could have prevented the Great Depression .
Some of us started to have doubts after contemplating Japan ’s troubles in the 1990s ; but as late as 2002 Ben Bernanke declared , on behalf of the Federal Reserve , “ You ’re right .
We did it .
But thanks to you , we wo n’t do it again . ”
But here ’s Paul Samuelson , from pages 353 - 4 of his 1948 textbook :
Today few economists regard Federal Reserve monetary policy as a panacea for controlling the business cycle .
Purely monetary factors are considered to be as much symptoms as causes , albeit symptoms with aggravating effects that should not be completely neglected .
By increasing the volume of their government securities and loans and by lowering Member Bank legal reserve requirements , the Reserve Banks can encourage an increase in the supply of money and bank deposits .
They can encourage but , without taking drastic action , they cannot compel .
For in the middle of a deep depression just when we want Reserve policy to be most effective , the Member Banks are likely to be timid about buying new investments or making loans .
If the Reserve authorities buy government bonds in the open market and thereby swell bank reserves , the banks will not put these funds to work but will simply hold reserves .
Result : no 5 for 1 , “ no nothing , ” simply a substitution on the bank ’s balance sheet of idle cash for old government bonds .
If banks and the public are quite indifferent between gilt - edged bonds — whose yields are already very low — and idle cash , then the Reserve authorities may not even succeed in bidding up the price of old government bonds ; or what is the same thing , in bidding down the interest rate .
Even if the authorities should succeed in forcing down short - term interest rates , they may find it impossible to convince investors that long - term rates will stay low .
If by superhuman efforts , they do get interest rates down on high - grade gilt - edged government and private securities , the interest rates charged on more risky new investments financed by mortgage or commercial loans or stock - market flotations may remain sticky .
In other words , an expansionary monetary policy may not lower effective interest rates very much but may simply spend itself in making everybody more liquid . ….
In terms of the quantity theory of money , we may say that the velocity of circulation of money does not remain constant .
“ You can lead a horse to water , but you ca n’t make him drink . ”
You can force money on the system in exchange for government bonds , its close money substitute ; but you ca n’t make the money circulate against new goods and new jobs .
You can get some interest rates down , but not all to the same degree .
You can tempt businessmen with cheap rates of borrowing , but you ca n’t make them borrow and spend on new investment goods .
A few slight archaisms aside , he could have been describing our current dilemma .
OH WOW !
My second Daily Deviation !!
Thank you so much * And no Marco ( INMC ) , I 'm not mad I got my message box flooded with comments from other Deviants on this piece !
What else could be more warming to the heart and the soul than to come back after the Holidays to find so many kind encouraging words from so many other talented artists ??
Thank you all !
Created for The3DArtistClub Technology Contest .
WON SECOND PLACE !!
YEY !!
: thumb145669505:
It took some thinking how I would solve the iPod screen or the concept of the circular control for browsing the iPod menusActually , from this render angle , you can't see it , but the letter cylinders spell out in the " text viewer " : , which is the record I was listening to while making this piece .
I was going to make a version with the iPod cover off , so you could see the internal workings , with multiple dented / textured cylinders much like the ones you find in a music box ( the old grandma popping out little ballerina type music boxes ) .
In the end I figured it would be too much work , and besides , the covered version has plenty of detail anywayIn the end , the result of this concept gadget renders a monophonic music played from metallic cylinders brushing their textured dots on another metallic brush thingy .
The vapor pressure cylinder is for powering each one of those music cylinders , and you choose which one by making the appropriate connection when you rotate the iPod " ClickWheel " .
I put on it a a pressure gauge , you do n't want to make the music go to fast by putting to much pressure hehe ( and you want to check up on how much playing time you have , so you can add more water and heat it up hehehe
The earphones I decided should be a variation of a gramophone , but still looking like the common iPod plugs .
Of course I also put in the " screen " the little bar that tells you where in the song you are hehe ( the little diamond ) .
The only thing I did n't figure out was how to upload music to your steampunk ipod , I guess you just change the cylinders , or get bootleg copies hehehe , and you " connect " your iPod to recharge steamAccording to the ClickWheel , this is a 12 cylinder iPod ... if U want more music in your unit , you have to wait for the 24 cylinder one hehe .
Please do n't bootleg music cylinders , think of all the blacksmiths out there making a living with them .
Made with 3dsMax , working mostly with the basic Mental Ray textures .
I made textures for the iPod cover , the letter cylinder , and the ClickWheel .
Rendered with Mental Ray , using a HDR map and some additional light objects using GlowLume .
Work time for the model and texturing about 4 hours , render time about 20 mins .
Some slight touch ups in Photoshop and added my name .
Cheers
Welcome to Episode 13 of this series .
It has been a while since the last episode and to compensate I thought why not cover something that has just been released .
In keeping with that line , this episode will cover the recently released Blobstore API in the 1.3.0 release of the Google App Engine SDK .
Using the Blobstore API , we shall cover how to build an application that mimics several sites that allow you to upload a picture and send a Tweet .
The Tweet will then contain a link back to the image that you uploaded .
Blobstore API now makes all this possible along with several other applications that you could envision like file sharing , document management , etc .
What is the Blobstore API ?
The Blobstore API allows your application to store blobs of information , where each blob can be upto 50 MB in size .
These blobs are typically large files like video and images .
This is different from the datastore API that does not allow for saving objects upto this large size .
The API documention for the Blobstore API is provided here .
The Blobstore API provides two types of functions :
An ability to upload and save the blob automatically The BlobstoreService which is provided by the com.google.appengine.api.blobstore.BlobstoreService allows us to specify a URL where users can upload their large files .
You can think of this url as the action element in the HTML form .
The implementation at this URL is internal to the BlobstoreService .
But what it does is significant .
It will extract out the file contents that you uploaded and store it as a Blob in the database .
Each blob that is stored in the database is associated with the a Blob Key .
This Blob key is then provided to your url and you can then use the Blob Key to do anything within your application .
In our case , we form a url that is tweeted to the users who can then view the picture that we uploaded .
An ability to serve or retrieve the blob .
The BlobstoreService also provides an ability to serve or retrieve the blob that was saved successfully .
It will provide the blob as a response that could then use as a source in an < img > element for example .
All you need to do is provide it the Blob Key and the response stream and in return , it will provide the content properly encoded as per its type that you could then use .
It will be clear as we work out the application in the next few sections .
Note : The Blobstore API is enabled in your application only if you enable “ billing ” for your applications .
What this means is that you can try out the API with your local development server but if you deploy the same on the App Engine cloud , your application will not be able to use the API if it has not been enabled for “ billing ” .
So keep that in mind before leaping with joy that your new application enabled with large file uploads , etc is now ready to start functioning in the cloud .
In case you try to use any Blobstore APIs without enabling billing in your application , you will get a FeatureNotSupported exception and the text as : “ The Blobstore API will be enabled for this application once billing has been enabled in the admin console . ”
Prerequisites
Google announced the release of version 1.3.0 of the App Engine SDK for both Python and Java .
We need to set our development environment with this release of the SDK since the Blobstore API was released in this version .
So the first thing that you need to do is to download the latest release 1.3.0 of the App Engine SDK and upgrade your Eclipse development environment with that .
There are two ways you can do that :
a . Use the Update features of Eclipse to download and install the latest SDK
b. Download the SDK from the following link .
Make sure you download the Java SDK .
Further to the download , inside of your Eclipse IDE , go to Windows -> Preferences and then Google -> App Engine SDK .
Click on Add and provide the path to the expanded 1.3.0 distribution on your machine .
I had covered in detail how to upgrade your SDK for your Eclipse IDE when new releases come out .
This was covered in Episode 5 , in which we upgraded from 1.2.5 -> 1.2.6 . Readers are advised to take a look at it in case they are not familiar .
The process remains the same .
Tweet My Picture in Action
The application that we are going to develop is called Tweet My Picture .
There are several sites now that allow you to upload a picture to their site and then send a Tweet .
The Tweet contains a simple description and the url to the picture .
An example is TwitPic .
I thought the Blobstore API now actually makes an application of this kind way too easy to create , so why not demonstrate that .
We will not be creating a polished looking application but rather demonstrating the API and showing that it works .
Remember that all the instructions later on deploying and running this application will happen in the local development server and not the live App Engine site because I need to enable billing in order to utilize the Blobstore Service .
But the best part is that the local development server works fine , so we can do our complete development and testing on it .
Then you are the best judge of writing your own application that utilizes the Blobstore API and making it a billable application when you go live .
Before we get down to code , we should see the end result .
Assuming that I have started my local development server , I navigate to the index.jsp page that is shown below :
This will display a simple page , where you provide the following information :
Your Twitter UserId and Password
The image file that you wish to upload .
Simply click the Choose File button and select a file to upload .
Then when you click the Upload Picture button , what happens is the following :
1 . The file contents that you uploaded will be stored by the Blobstore API into the datastore automatically for you .
It will provide you with the Blob Key for the blob that was saved .
2 . We use the Blob Key to create a simple Tweet message containing the link .
And then we use Twitter4J to send the Tweet .
3 . Finally a page is displayed indicating the status of the Tweet , the Tweet contents and it also shows the image that you uploaded .
This page is shown below :
Now , switch to your Twitter client and you will notice that the Tweet has been posted .
A sample screenshot is shown below .
The url is pointing to the localhost but that is because I wish to do my testing locally and I have not enabled billing for my live application at the appspot.com domain .
Clicking on the Tweet link , takes you back to an page that shows you the picture as below :
Nice , is n’t it ?
Do not limit yourself only to this example .
You can now start thinking on creating serious document management , file sharing , etc applications and use the App Engine infrastructure to host it .
So let ’s get coding now .
Implementing Tweet My Picture
The first thing to do is to create a New Google Web Application Project .
Follow these steps :
1. Either click on File –> New –>
Other or press Ctrl - N to create a new project .
Select Google and then Web Application project .
Alternately you could also click on the New Web Application Project Toolbar icon as part of the Google Eclipse plugin .
Please make sure that you have installed the latest 1.3.0 version of the App Engine SDK and are using that as the API for this version .
Shown below is the New Project screenshot where you should see an additional SDK 1.3.0 and need to select that .
2 . In the New Web Application Project dialog , deselect the Use Google Web Toolkit and give a name to your project .
I have named mine GAEJExperiments .
I suggest you go with the same name so that things are consistent with the rest of the article , but I leave that to you .
In case you are following the series , you could simply use the same project and skip all these steps altogether .
You can simply go to the next part i.e. the Servlet code .
3. Click on Finish .
This will generate the project and also create a sample Hello World Servlet for you .
But we will be writing our own Servlet .
Adding Twitter4J
Jar to the Classpath and WEB - INF \lib folder
Since we will be using the excellent Twitter 4J library for posting to Twitter , you need to download the latest version of the JAR file .
Download it from here .
I have used twitter4j - 2.0.10 .jar .
You need to copy this file to the WEB - INF \lib folder of the project .
Also add the JAR file to the Build Classpath of the Eclipse project .
index.jsp
The first page is the index.jsp page .
This is a simple page that will have a form that accepts the Twitter UserId / Password along with the file to be uploaded .
The code is shown below .
Just a quick note that all the JSP files will go into the war folder of the project .
< %@ page import=" com.google.appengine.api.blobstore.BlobstoreServiceFactory " %> <% @ page import=" com.google.appengine.api.blobstore.BlobstoreService " %> <% BlobstoreService blobstoreService = BlobstoreServiceFactory.getBlobstoreService ( ) ; %> < html > < head > < title > Tweet My Picture </ title > </head > < body > < img src=" tweet.png " /> < h1 > Tweet My Picture </ h1 > < hr /> < h2 > Upload a picture and send an automatic Tweet </ h2 > < form action= " <%= blobstoreService.createUploadUrl(" /upload " ) % > " method= " post " enctype=" multipart/form-data " >
Twitter User
Id : < input type =" text " name= " twitter_userid " /><br/>
Twitter Password : < input type= " p " name= " twitter_password " /><br/>
File : < input type =" text " name = " filename " /> < input type = " file " name = " myTweetPic " /> < input type =" submit " value= " Upload Picture " /> </ form > </html >
Let us look at the main points in the code above :
1 . It has a HTML < form / > that accepts the twitter userid and password .
We also have an < input /> element of type file , that allows the user to select the file from his machine to be uploaded .
2 . The action attribute of the FORM is where you should pay attention .
The Form action as you know submits the request parameters to a particular server side resource like a Servlet / JSP , etc .
The action here is created via a helper function provided by the Blobstore API itself .
Notice that first we are getting an instance of the Blobstore service via the BlobstoreServiceFactory as shown below :
BlobstoreService blobstoreService = BlobstoreServiceFactory.getBlobstoreService ( ) ;
Then we are using a helper function called blobstoreService.createUploadURL( “ SUCCESS_PATH ” ) for the action .
Let us spend some time on that since it is important and will help us understand what the BlobstoreService does behind the scenes .
If you launch your local development server and navigate to the index.jsp page and do a view source on the HTML , you will find that the action that is generated by the createUploadURL ( … ) method looks something like this :
action=” /_ah/upload/agp0d2VldG15cGljchsLEhVfX0Jsb2JVcGxvYWRTZXNzaW9uX18YEgw ” .
You may wonder where did our SUCCESS_PATH i.e. / upload go away .
Let me explain :
When you do an upload , the request hits an internal URL in the App Engine infrastructure that will do the following :
1 . The BlobstoreService implementation inside of AppEngine will extract out the Blob and save it for you automatically in the datastore .
You do not have to do anything special .
It does this for the all the Blobs that are present in the HTTP Request stream .
2 . On successfully saving these blobs into the stores , what it has with itself now are one or more name value pairs i.e. a Map .
The name is the request parameter name for your blob .
For e.g. in our index.jsp , the file that we uploaded had the name of myTweet Pic i.e. the form element .
And the value will be the Blob Key that you can use to retrieve the Blob .
It will put this map into the Request stream i.e. it will augment the Request stream with this map and then invoke your SUCCESS_PATH url .
The SUCCESS_PATH url is the end point or in our case the Servlet .
This Servlet can then extract out each of the Blobs that were saved by inspecting the Map and do further action .
In our case , we will be posting a link to Twitter .
This ervlet is what we shall see next .
Upload Servlet
The Upload Servlet code is listed below .
package com.gaejexperiments.twitter ; import java.io.IOException ; import java.util .Map ; import java.util.logging .
Level ; import java.util.logging .
Logger ; import javax.mail .
Session ; import javax.servlet.ServletException ; import javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet ; import javax.servlet.http.HttpServletRequest ; import javax.servlet.http.HttpServletResponse ; import twitter4j .Status ; import twitter4j .
Twitter ; import com.google.appengine.api.blobstore.BlobKey ; import com.google.appengine.api.blobstore.BlobstoreService ; import com.google.appengine.api.blobstore.BlobstoreServiceFactory ; @ SuppressWarnings ( " serial " ) public class Upload extends HttpServlet { private final static Logger _logger = Logger.getLogger(Upload.class.getName ( ) ) ; private BlobstoreService blobstoreService = BlobstoreServiceFactory.getBlobstoreService ( ) ; public void doPost ( HttpServletRequest req , HttpServletResponse res ) throws ServletException , IOException { Map < String , BlobKey > blobs = blobstoreService.getUploadedBlobs(req ) ; BlobKey blobKey = blobs.get ( " myTweetPic " ) ; if ( blobKey == null ) { res.sendRedirect ( " / " ) ; } else { String strStatus = " " ; try { String twitter_userid = ( String ) req.getParameter ( " twitter_userid " ) ; String twitter_password = ( String ) req.getParameter (" twitter_password " ) ; _logger.info(" UserId :"+twitter_userid + " , Password : " +twitter_password ) ; Twitter twitter = new Twitter ( twitter_userid , twitter_password ) ; String strTweet =
" Check out my picture at : " + " < a href = " http://localhost:8888/viewpic.jsp?blob-key="+blobKey.getKeyString " >
http://localhost:8888/viewpic.jsp?blob-key="+blobKey.getKeyString</a>( ) ; Status status = twitter.updateStatus(strTweet ) ; strStatus = " Successfully updated the status to [ " + status.getText ( ) + " ] . " ; _logger.info(strStatus ) ; } catch ( Exception ex ) { strStatus = " Could not update Twitter Status : " + ex.getMessage ( ) ; _logger.log ( Level.WARNING,strStatus ) ; } finally { res.sendRedirect(" /submitpic.jsp?blob-key="+blobKey.getKeyString ( ) + " &status= " + strStatus ) ; } } } }
Let us go through the main points in the Upload Servlet code :
1. The Servlet implementation is the doPost ( ) method .
This method was invoked by the Blobstore Service after the blobs were successfully saved in the datastore .
2 . As mentioned , the Blobstore Service augments the Request stream with a Map of successfully saved Blobs .
It also provides a helper method that we can use to extract out this Map instance from the request stream .
The code is shown below :
Map < String , BlobKey > blobs = blobstoreService.getUploadedBlobs(req ) ;
3 . The next thing to do is to get the Blob Key for our saved Blob .
The Blob Key is unique and will be used to retrieve the Blob as we shall see later on in the viewpic.jsp code .
The Key that we will use is the same as the input parameter name for our file blob that we provided in the FORM i.e. index.jsp .
BlobKey blobKey = blobs.get ( “ my TweetPic ” ) ;
4 . We do a simple check to verify if the blobKey instance is not null .
If not , we create a status update for twitter giving a url that points to the viewpic.jsp page which is passed the blob - key request parameter as shown below :
String strTweet =
“ Check out my picture at : ” + “ http://localhost:8888/viewpic.jsp?blob-key=”+blobKey.getKeyString ( ) ;
5 . Finally , we using Twitter4J to post out tweet using the twitter id and password that we provided .
The status of our upload and tweet is then displayed by navigating to the submitpic.jsp page that simply shows the status and the picture that we uploaded .
submitpic.jsp
This JSP file is invoked by our Upload Servlet to display the status of our Tweet to twitter and the image that we uploaded as discussed in the previous section .
You will notice an interesting thing over here and that is the < img /> element .
The source attribute of the < img /> element is a servlet residing at an endpoint / serve .
All it needs is the blob - key request parameter .
We shall see this servlet in a moment .
< %@ page import=" com.google.appengine.api.blobstore.BlobstoreServiceFactory " %> <% @ page import=" com.google.appengine.api.blobstore.BlobstoreService " %> < html > < head > < title > Tweet My Picture - Submission </ title > </head > < body > < img src=" tweet.png " /> < h1 > Tweet My Picture </ h1 > < hr /> <h3 > Submission Result : <%=request.getParameter (" status " ) %></h3 > <% String blobKey = ( String ) request.getParameter ( " blob- key " ) ; if ( blobKey != null ) {%>
You uploaded : < br/> < img width = " 200 " height = " 150 " src= " < %= " < a href = " http://localhost:8888/serve?blob-key="+blobKey "
>
http://localhost:8888/serve?blob-key="+blobKey</a> %> " >
<%} %> </body > </html >
Serve Servlet
This Servlet uses another helper function of the BlobStoreService .
The method is called serve and it takes two parameters as shown in the listing below .
The blob Key and the HTTP response stream .
Note that we pass it the Blob Key that we got after saving our blob .
What the serve method will do is that it will automatically retrieve the Blob from the Datastore using the Blob Key that was provided to it .
Once it retrieves the Blob successfully , it will take the content of the Blob , set the correct MIME types and insert that into the HTTP Response stream .
You can the use the Response stream to assign it as a source for the HTML < img /> element .
We did exactly that in the submitpic. jsp file and we do the same in the viewpic.jsp file that will be invoked when someone clicks on the Twitter post .
package com.gaejexperiments.twitter ; import java.io.
IOException ; import javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet ; import javax.servlet.http.HttpServletRequest ; import javax.servlet.http.HttpServletResponse ; import com.google.appengine.api.blobstore.BlobKey ; import com.google.appengine.api.blobstore.BlobstoreService ; import com.google.appengine.api.blobstore.BlobstoreServiceFactory ; @ SuppressWarnings ( " serial " ) public class Serve extends HttpServlet { private BlobstoreService blobstoreService = BlobstoreServiceFactory.getBlobstoreService( ) ; public void doGet ( HttpServletRequest req , HttpServletResponse resp ) throws IOException { BlobKey blobKey = new BlobKey( req.getParameter ( " blob- key " ) ) ; blobstoreService.serve(blobKey , resp ) ; } }
viewpic.jsp
As discussed earlier , the Tweet that we post has the following format :
Check out my picture at http://localhost:8888/viewpic.jsp?blob-key=A_BLOB_KEY
This will invoke the viewpic.jsp file with a request parameter named blob - key which contains the Blob key value .
So all we have to do i to create a < img /> element , whose source attribute will be served via the / serve endpoint as shown below .
Simple is n’t it ?
< %@ page import=" com.google.appengine.api.blobstore.BlobstoreServiceFactory " %> <% @ page import=" com.google.appengine.api.blobstore.BlobstoreService " %> <% BlobstoreService blobstoreService = BlobstoreServiceFactory.getBlobstoreService ( ) ; String blobKey = ( String ) request.getParameter ( " blob- key " ) ; %> < html > < head > < title > Tweet My Picture - View < / title > </ head > < body > < img width = " 200 " height = " 150 " src= " < %= " < a href = " http://localhost:8888/serve?blob-key="+blobKey "
>
http://localhost:8888/serve?blob-key="+blobKey</a> %> " > </ body > </html >
Configuring the Servlets
We need to add both the Upload Servlet and the Serve Servlet with their appropriate entries for < servlet / > and < servlet - mapping /> in the web.xml file .
This file is present in the WEB - INF folder of the project .
The necessary fragment to be added to your web.xml file are shown below .
< servlet > < servlet - name > Upload</servlet-name > < servlet-class>com.gaejexperiments.twitter.Upload</servlet-class > </ servlet > < servlet > < servlet - name > Serve</ servlet - name > < servlet-class>com.gaejexperiments.twitter.Serve</servlet-class > </ servlet > < servlet - mapping > < servlet - name > Upload</servlet-name > <url - pattern>/upload</url-pattern> </servlet - mapping > < servlet - mapping > < servlet - name > Serve</ servlet - name > < url - pattern>/serve</url-pattern> </servlet - mapping >
Deploying the application
Since we are going to be running this application locally itself , we simply need to validate it against the local development server .
Assuming that the development is complete , simply run the Web Application from your Eclipse IDE and using a browser , navigate to http://localhost:8888/index.jsp .
In my case , the port is 8888 , but it could be different for you .
Please make sure that you are connected to the Internet and do have a valid Twitter userid and password .
Refer to the section above on Tweet My Picture in action for the flow .
I will not repeat it here again .
An interesting thing that you could look at is to navigate to http://localhost:8888/_ah/admin console .
Go to the DataStore viewer .
If you have uploaded several images successfully , you will find instances of the Entity : __BlobInfo__ getting created .
Click on the List Entities button to see the entities that you have uploaded so far .
The ID / Name column is the Blob Key for your Blob .
A sample screenshot from my development server instance is shown below :
Conclusion
This brings the episode to an end .
In this episode we saw the Blobstore API service that has been introduced in version 1.3.0 of the App Engine SDK .
The Blobstore API service is experimental at this point in time and could change but it gives us enough today to see how to create application that require blobs of large sizes like video and images .
This episode showed a simple implementation called Tweet My Picture but the possibilities are endless .
Do keep in mind that if you have to use Blobstore Service in a live application hosted at the appspot.com domain , then you will need to enable “ billing ” for your application .
Till the next episode , have fun with the Blobstore Service !
P.S : Just in case you were wondering … the picture of the lion was taken at a distance of 2 feet away from it in the National Park , Mumbai .
TriMet has placed a bus driver on leave following a report that he choked a passenger aboard a Southeast Powell Boulevard line last month .
Operator Brian Christeson , 53 , was in his TriMet uniform but off duty when he allegedly got into an argument and scuffled with 57 - year - old Ludwig Lipscomb , said agency spokeswoman Bekki Witt .
" It was about 1:40 p.m . and the operator had just been released from his shift , " Witt said .
Christeson , who Witt said is an operator on the No. 9 line , was headed back to the Powell garage .
Lipscomb could not be reached for comment , but he told
that " he is still in pain nearly three weeks after the alleged incident . "
The Portland man told the television station that he was aboard the bus when an Asian couple boarded without fare .
The couple also had trouble communicating with the driver , Lipscomb said .
Christeson stepped in and made racist comments , Lipscomb told KGW , prompting a heated verbal exchange .
Lipscomb said Christeson then grabbed him by the throat .
The Multnomah County District Attorney 's office says it has a reviewed video of the altercation from an on - board camera and will charge Christeson with
and
. A court hearing is scheduled for Feb .
3 .
In 2009 , the Legislature amended the Oregon Revised Statutes to include strangulation as a crime , primarily to deal with domestic violence cases .
According to
, " a person commits the crime of strangulation if the person knowingly impedes the normal breathing or circulation of the blood of another person " by , among other things , applying pressure on the throat or neck of the other person .
TriMet placed the operator on leave the day of the reported incident .
Witt said transit police are conducting an investigation and Christeson faces discipline , including possible termination .
TriMet declined a request for a copy of the video of the incident , saying it is evidence in a criminal case .
Blogging TriMet operator Dan Christensen says he has a hard time buying the passenger 's retelling of the scuffle .
" Now I know this driver and know he is not a nut , " Christensen writes on his
blog .
" If a fight started I 'm sure it was not one sided . "
Christensen worries it's " open season " on TriMet operators .
" Lots of people know that bus drivers want to keep their jobs , " he blogs , adding that " we get punched , hit , spit on and we seldom resist . "
" I have been threatened to the point that I feared for my life .
To the point that if I had a weapon there would have been a dead body and that would not have been me .
TriMet would love it if every driver had a black belt in opossum style Kung Fu . "
That may be true , but data from TriMet does n't support the claims of frequent assaults on drivers .
TriMet says there was one reported aggravated assault and nine reported simple assaults -- ranging from a rider grabbing a driver 's arm to slapping a wrist or shoving -- from Jan. 1 through Nov. 30 , 2009 ( the agency does n't have December reported data yet ) .
From Jan. 1 through Nov. 30 , 2008 , meanwhile , there 16 reported assaults -- three aggravated , 13 simple .
By contrast , there were hundreds of assaults
, last year .
If there is no crime , Christensen writes , " this driver deserves his job back its as simple as that .
One thing I can say for sure is I do n’t think this so called ' victim ' will be engaging in an altercation with a driver any time soon for that this bus driver has done us all a favor . "
--
, Twitter :
I drafted and sewed the jacket myself , including the patches .
All other clothing items ( shirt , tie , pants , gloves and boots ) were purchased .
I made both the bonesaw and medipack myself , primarily out of foamcore .
The gas bottle on the medipack is a 2l Coke bottle that was paper - mâchéd , and attached with spare bits of balsa wood .
The rest of the detailing on the medipack were various pieces of plastic and garden tubing .
Estimated cost of the costume : ~$ 90 - 100AUD , most expensive item being the boots ( $ 50 )
Estimate time to make the costume : 5 weeks , mostly due to procrastination .
The medipack alone took 3 - 4 days of solid work , as it was the first time I 'd ever worked with foamcore .
Firsts for this costume :
First non-Japanese cosplay
First cosplay of a game I 've not played
First time working with foamcore
First prop made in over 2 years ( bonesaw - last prop I 'd made before this was Mirelle 's staff in 2005 , I think )
First cosplay with a major prop component
First professional studio shoot
Photo credit : Neil Creek
Rest of shoot : Neil Creek 's Gallery
HI2U , Reddit !
Team Fortress 2 - RED Medic with Bonesaw , Studio Shoot with Elias Lopez and Neil Creek About a month ago , I received an exclusive invitation from two of my favourite cosplay photographers to do a full - day studio shoot with them !
Of course , Medic was my first choice to bring ... though not a small part of that decision was that it required the least amount of repair to bring back up to snuff .
After eGames , part of the valve and the hose broke off the medipack , and the bonesaw was looking a bit worn and tattered .
Nothing that a hot glue gun would n't fix , anyway .
Medic was also my first costume shot during the day , since he required the least amount of makeup .
The only thing I was n't 100 % happy about was my hair ( I 'd already packed the good comb , and did n't want to dig it out ) , and how the jacket kept riding up ( nothing I can do about that ) .
I considered binding properly , but decided not to , since the other costumes I chose to bring on the day would n't need it .
In some cases , a narrow , grassless strip outside the vast barns where the animals were kept was considered " pasture " because some hay had been spread there .
In addition , National Organic Standard Board ( NOSB ) regulations that allowed companies to keep cows and their very young calves indoors for a short period after birth were twisted to include all milking cows being kept inside 24/ 7 for 310 days a year .
Just take a quick glance at these photographs from Cornucopia and draw your own conclusions about whether this method of farming looks organic .
Either through bureaucratic lassitude or willful neglect , USDA officials helped the big producers every step of the way .
" Between 2000 and 2008 , they basically sat back and did nothing , " Kastel said in an interview .
Well , maybe not exactly nothing .
After being prodded by Cornucopia , the USDA finally declared that the Aurora Dairy Corp. of Boulder , Colorado , which milked as many as 19,000 cows , was in " willful " violation of 14 tenets of the federal organic standards — the milk it was selling as organic was actually conventional .
Aurora was allowed to modify its methods and continue selling milk that passes for " organic . "
Naturally , the handful of huge CAFOs milking in excess of 2,000 cows each , with their economies of scale , drove down the price of organic milk and increased their share of the market to at least 30 percent .
Combined with a drop in demand , it was a disaster for this country 's nearly 2,000 family - operated organic dairies .
These businesses typically tend between 60 and 100 milking cows and actually have pastures , and many of them had gone to the expense of converting to organic when the bottom fell out of the market for conventional milk .
" Today we have small organic farmers going out of business all the time , " Kastel said .
He tells a tragic story of one desperate dairyman who went into his barn , shot all of his cows , and then committed suicide .
After years of official haggling , the USDA has finally produced a new set of regulations for organic milk production .
The exact terms remain undisclosed , but Miles McEvoy , the newly appointed deputy administrator of the USDA 's National Organic Program , has assured Kastel that the new rules will be in line with the understanding organic producers arrived at by consensus in the early 2000s .
Milk cows will have to graze on pasture for the entire growing season , or for at least 120 days in areas of inclement weather , getting 30 percent of their food from pasture .
That ruling now awaits OMB approval .
Both the Cornucopia Institute and the Organic Consumers Association have initiated write - in campaigns to persuade the administration to make sure organic dairy cows in this country continue to do what cows do best : convert fresh grass into wholesome milk .
And guess who has also been lobbying hard to " sway the Obama administration , " according to the Organic Consumers Association ?
None other than Aurora Dairy ( whose chairman Mark Retzloff and his wife , Theresa , contributed $ 4,600 to the 2008 presidential campaign of Thomas Vilsack , the current head of the USDA , according to Campaignmoney.com ) .
" That level of donor historically buys access , " Kastel said .
He added , " Our biggest fear is that they will water this thing down .
We 're really at a watershed point .
We 've spent 10 years battling about this point .
Now it 's all up to the stroke of a pen . "
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
A Weekend in Hartford : The First NAASN Conference
Kate and I attended the first - ever conference of the North American Anarchist Studies Network ( NAASN ) in Hartford CT last November ( and , yes , it ’s taken us this long to write something about it ) .
Kate made the long drive up from Baltimore — with John , who gets my major gratitude for helping person the AK Press table , and being an overall pleasant companion .
I spent about 14 hours flying and busing my way from Oakland .
Hartford has changed a lot since my last visit 12 years ago .
Back then , it struck me as a sort of hypertrophied version of a New Orleans cemetery , in which the mausoleums were replaced with gigantic insurance companies .
This time around , I blearily wheeled my luggage thorough a late - night gauntlet of bars and restaurants and college students .
Much livelier … though not necessarily an improvement .
The conference organizers , both the far - flung ( Jesse Cohn , Luis Fernandez , and Nathan Jun ) and the on - the - ground folks in Hartford making it happen ( Deric Shannon and Abbey Willis ) , did a really good job .
And Deric and Abbey put up with all my annoying questions .
The event took place in the Charter Oak Cultural Center , Connecticut ’s oldest synagogue , which was conveniently right next door to a liquor store .
The space was well - suited : cozy but not too cramped .
I was surprised by the fact that I did n’t recognize most of the attendees .
Since the Renewing the Anarchist Tradition conference in Vermont did n’t happen this year , I ’d assumed that the NAASN event would be largely a relocated version of RAT .
This was definitely not the case , which is nice .
It ’s always good to be reminded that there are lots of us .
Kate interjects : I agree with Charles on this .
I was really expecting the conference to feel very similar to RAT , and to see the usual faces there .
And while a lot of our favorite folks that we expect to see every year at RAT were definitely in attendance , the crowd was much more diverse than I expected , which was a pleasant surprise !
One thing that helped with that was the fact that , unlike RAT , participants were n’t required to register , and there were n’t a limited amount of slots available for participants .
So it ended up being a nice cross between a scholarly conference and an anarchist - bookfair type of event .
I was also surprised at how many folks from the Hartford area turned out .
Got the chance to meet lots of new folks who are doing interesting work in the area , as well as to meet folks who had traveled from all over the country to attend the event .
As always , there was the weirdness of wanting to go to many panels , while making sure one of us was behind the AK table .
Luckily , one of the panel locations was within earshot of our table … but I still missed a lot .
Here are a few of the highlights for me :
Barry Pateman gave the opening talk , “ Anarchism and Anarchy : A Historical Perspective . ”
I ’m always glad to hear Barry speak , since it usually means a nice mixture of historical info , spot - on analysis , and stand - up comedy .
He put a little less comedy into the mix this time , but spoke to a topic dear to my heart .
You ’d be better off hearing it straight from the horse ’s mouth by going here , but my half - assed synopsis would be that he took contemporary anarchists to task for losing sight of who we need to be trying to reach … and therefore how to go about it .
In the good old days , anarchists created groups that were open and relevant to non-anarchists , with the intention of bringing more people into the fold .
Today , it ’s more about navel - gazing and infighting .
Okay , Barry was much more nuanced and diplomatic than that .
Click the link above and forget I said anything .
Kate interjects :
Not living in the Bay Area , I do n’t really get the opportunity to hear Barry Pateman speak very often .
And this was the first chance I had to really chat with him in any sort of extended way , which was great .
John & Barry completely geeked out about John ’s new book on the Spokane Free Speech fight and the history of anarchist labor organizing , and we all chatted about kick - ass IWW organizer Agnes Thecla Fair , author of the Sourdough ’s Bible , and one of the great figures in the history of hobo organizing , about whom a shockingly little amount is known !
Barry was a regular fixture around the AK table throughout the weekend , along with our other favorite anarchist archivist Jerry Kaplan , the man behind the Anarchist Archives Project in Cambridge , and the two of them humored me by posing for the one cell - phone picture I did manage to take during the weekend before my phone completely died !
Next up , for me , was “ Challenging Anarchist Perspectives on Environmental Justice . ”
The premise of this panel was pretty interesting : “ To examine the ways in which people of color are centrally affected by climate change ; to link environmental movements to struggles against racism , public health , homophobia , colonialism , sexism , among other issues ; and discuss the relationship between democratic , decentralized politics and environmental justice . ”
To be honest , such a litany of issues and oppressions worried me a bit — I could n’t imagine anything more than a superficial treatment of any of them — but the presenters did a good job .
None of them bit off more than they could chew , and each provided some angle from which to view environmental justice that I had n’t quite appreciated before .
Two young folk from Toxic Soil Busters and Youth in Charge gave great overviews of their organizations , which use direct action to remove contamination by lead , other heavy metals , and hydrocarbons from the soil of low income neighborhoods in Worcester , MA .
And Stina Soderling gave a really engaging talk about her research into the queer rural movement that grew out of the AIDS crisis in the 1980s : queer communities that provided zones of recovery and empowerment for urban activists , but also contributed to new forms of rural gentrification in Tennessee , Oregon , and Northern California .
A solid talk that did n’t shy away from uncomfortable contradictions .
I was only able to hear snippets of the “ What is Anarchist Studies ? ” panel from my spot at the AK table , but here are some brief lines I scribbled when I caught something that fired a few of my neurons ( these are not necessarily direct quotes , though I suspect some are ) :
Deric Shannon :
Why do people obey ?
It ’s not just capitalism and the state that need to be destroyed , but an entire conceptual order .
Luis Fernandez : Highlights the useful contradiction between two quotations : “ Every tool is a weapon if you hold it right ” ( Ani Difranco ) and “ The master ’s tools will never dismantle the master ’s house ” ( Audrey Lorde ) .
It ’s between these that “ anarchist studies ” happens .
Cindy Milstein : Let ’s do a thought experiment .
How would we approach critical thinking for social transformation if the university did n’t exists ?
What would we be doing ?
The danger of the university : anarchists might occasionally use the state to help achieve certain goals , but would never define themselves or their work in terms of the state .
However , the university does become the way some anarchists define themselves and their work .
Nathan Jun : “ Studies ” implies passive observation .
What we are doing is creating possibilities , using whatever resources we have at hand .
David Porter , author of AK ’s Vision on Fire : Emma Goldman on the Spanish Revolution , gave a really good talk entitled “ French Anarchism and the National Liberation Struggle in Algeria . ”
I was especially interested in this one because David is writing a book on the subject for AK .
His talk focused on the distinctly different positions French anarchists in the 1950s and 1960s took toward Algeria .
To quote the description of his talk , these differences “ concerned immediate tactical and substantive concerns , generic substantive issues such as revolution , violence , stages of liberation , political collaboration , nationalism , civil liberties , religion , anarchist organization , and broader assumptions about anarchism itself . ”
These issues are obviously relevant to today ’s anarchist “ solidarity ” movements and the complex ways we relate to movements for national liberation .
One thing that I found particularly interesting was the split between the Libertarian Communist Federation and the Anarchist Federation around the question of the “ multi- stage revolution . ”
The FCL had an almost Marxist line in the sense that they saw an evolutionary progression from colonialism to the creation of a nationalist state to anarchism ( much as the Marxists envision a path from capitalism to state socialism to stateless communism ) .
It all made me jones even harder for David ’s book … and this talk did n’t even touch much on the stuff going on in Algeria itself ( workers ’ councils , etc ) .
Speaking of David , who I met for the first time in Hartford and found to be a wonderful guy , makes me want to mention Howard Ehrlich ( Kate , John , and I had dinner with the two of them on Saturday night ) .
If you do n’t know Howard , you should .
He edits the journal Social Anarchism and edited the Reinventing Anarchy , Again anthology .
Social Anarchism has been continually publishing since 1981 ( with a new issue just out ) and , from 1972 to 1992 , Howard co-produced the nationally syndicated radio show , The Great Atlantic Radio Conspiracy , which featured many anarchists and other radicals .
Kate interjects : I ’m fortunate , because living in Baltimore , I get to talk to Howard quite frequently , and work with him on various projects from time to time .
He ’s really a veritable fount of information , and a fascinating person to sit down and chat with about all things anarchist .
I managed to sneak away from the table on Sunday long enough to attend the paper presentations in the Anarchist Method and Practice segment , which featured a talk by Eric Buck on “ The State as Social Practice and How to Do Something Else Instead , ” a talk by Howard on “ Anarchist Malpractice , ” and a talk by Brianna Johnson on “ Challenging the Metanarrative of War through the Photography of Veterans . ”
This was my favorite of all of the panels I attended throughout the weekend .
I appreciated the quality of the presentations — they were all well - thought - out and well - delivered , but I was also pleased by the way that the three papers dealt with incredibly different subjects , yet seemed to work well together as different sides of the same methodological coin .
Saturday night , there was a performance of Howard Zinn ’s play Emma , put on by local actors , both professional and not .
I ’m generally not a fan of live theater …my own fear of public speaking seems to preclude watching others take such a daring plunge .
But I found myself quickly drawn in and really enjoyed it .
I was especially tickled by Deric Shannon ’s portrayal of Johann Most — a prefect mixture of smarm and charm …and he took his horsewhipping like a champ .
Kate interjects :
Being the co-founder of a bookstore that ’s named after Emma Goldman , I know this play really well already , and was n’t feeling like sitting through it again .
I elected to hang around in the back by the table , and was able to listen in on the performance , but also sit & read by candlelight ( since the house lights were down for the performance ) .
And this led me to two conclusions : I have to start listening to old radio plays again , because being able to listen to a theatrical performance without watching it is a really enjoyable experience , and lets you multi-task in ways that watching a movie — or a play — does n’t ; and , it is really hard to read by candlelight , if enjoyable in a perversely old - fashioned sort of way !
On Sunday , Andy Cornell gave an exciting talk entitled “ ‘ Daily Acts of Life ’ : Pacifism , Poetry , and the New Anarchism , 1940 – 1954 . ”
Andy ’s been doing some really interesting research lately into periods of American anarchism that tend to get overlooked , or are seen as black holes in which no anarchist activity existed at all .
He ’s doing the important work of filling in the blanks between the Spanish Revolution and Seattle 1999 , showing us that the “ new ” anarchism is only new to people unwilling to connect the dots of an ongoing historical tradition .
He has a great piece on the Institute for Anarchist Studies website that focuses on a particular thread in the 1970s and 1980s ( i.e. just after that other historical milestone , 1968 ) , but this talk was about the period during and after WWII .
Relying mainly on periodicals of the era ( with photocopied handouts even ! ) , he made clear , and fascinating , connections among various groups , individuals , artists , revolutionaries , and publications , taking us from the war into the Civil Rights Movement , showing the concrete ( and largely unacknowledged ) anarchist influences on that political / historical watershed .
Finally , I also really enjoyed James Birmingham ’s talk , “ Potsherds , Paving Stones , and Puppets : Toward an Anarchist Archeology . ”
This is one of those talks one goes to because one really has no idea about the topic ( well , in this case , it was also because I think James is a sharp and lovely guy ) .
Anarchist anthropology I can understand , but I draw , or drew , a blank when it came to archeology .
James ’s talk was less an overview of the field than a call for creating it .
A rousing call , at that .
I came away with a much clearer understanding , especially when he specifically discussed what an anarchist archeology might achieve .
For example , there are plenty of written accounts of how rural collectives in revolutionary Spain went about redistributing wealth , but archeology can help us distinguish politically motivated hopes and best - case scenarios from what actually went on …by , for instance , doing digs that reveal exactly how grain was distributed ( and how much ) to various households .
Okay , I may be something of a geek , but I really look forward to more work in this area .
As a reformed academic and a frequent attendee at anarchist conferences , the categories I find most talks fall into are : it sucked ; it was okay , but I did n’t care ; it was pretty good ; it was pretty good and sparked a bunch of interesting ideas in my skull ; it was great .
At the NAASN conference , almost everything fell into the last two slots , which is a damn good batting average .
Oh , also : in addition to the video of Barry Pateman linked above , here are some audio files from the conference :
Jim Scott “ The Art of Not Being Governed ”
Panel : “ Anarchist Notions of Environmental Justice ”
Panel : “ Anarchist Method and Practice ”
Panel : “ Anarchism and Philosophy ”
Panel : “ Postanarchism ”
And the conference organizers just posted their own assessment of the event on the NAASN blog here .
( The photos , other than Kate ’s snap of Jerry and Barry , are courtesy of Libor Koznar with www.artandstruggle.com.
Gracias ! )
FRENCH internet executives , bloggers and web users cringed in early January when an independent report for the ministry of culture proposed a tax on online advertising revenues , aimed at American firms such as Google , Microsoft , AOL , Yahoo ! and Facebook , to pay for new subsidies for the music , film and publishing industries .
“ Will they send helicopters to America to take the money ? ” mocked Pierre Kosciusko - Morizet , boss of PriceMinister.com , an e-commerce site .
“ The world now takes us for fools , ” commented Bluetouff , a blogger , echoing hundreds of comments on French newspapers ' websites opposing the tax .
France 's recorded - music industry has been particularly hard hit by illegal downloading .
Sales of CDs have fallen faster than elsewhere , while legitimate downloads have grown more slowly .
Whereas legal downloads have compensated for around 40 % of the fall in CD sales in recent years in America and Britain , in France they have made up for only 19 % of the drop .
To help French content online , says the report , the government should spend € 40 m - 50 m ( $ 58 m - 73 m ) a year on measures such as subsidies for digital purchases and faster digitisation of books .
To cover the cost the authors of the report recommended a tax aimed at the handful of American firms which dominate France 's internet - advertising market , notably Google , even though these bear no responsibility for the music industry 's woes .
Such a tax , of around 1 - 2 % of revenues , could raise as much as € 10 m a year , according to the report .
Nicolas Sarkozy , France 's president , has asked the finance ministry to look into designing one .
Mr Sarkozy also called for an inquiry by French competition authorities into whether Google abuses its dominant position in the internet - ad market .
His true aim , some argue , is to bully the search giant .
Older media , advertising agencies and domestic web rivals increasingly complain about its grip on the market .
The government recently spent € 7.5 m on a stake in Dailymotion , a popular online video service which competes directly with Google 's YouTube , with the aim of creating a French - language internet champion .
But many French internet firms fear a new tax .
It may be impossible to set a minimum threshold for taxable revenue that penalises foreign firms but exempts domestic ones , especially as the latter grow .
If the limit is set low enough to ensnare Facebook , for instance , which earns comparatively little in France , some French firms could also be hit .
A levy on advertising could easily mutate into a tax on subscriptions to websites , says Dan Serfaty , chief executive of Viadeo , a business - networking site based in Paris .
Viadeo may move abroad if a tax is introduced , he says .
To experienced cyber - entrepreneurs , the government 's proposal for a new tax on internet firms is not surprising .
“ French governments always try to take money from young industries to sustain the old ones , ” says Pierre Chappaz , chief executive of Wikio , a search engine for news and blogs , and a former co-head of Netvibes , a website that lets users personalise online content .
A controversial new law which cuts off internet access for illegal downloaders demonstrates the established media 's lobbying power .
Although French entrepreneurs have started many successful young internet firms , most tend to be local rather than pan-European .
One problem is that France 's high taxes on stock options makes hiring difficult .
Partly for that reason , points out Mr Chappaz , many start - ups , including Netvibes , already have their headquarters outside France .
The film " Piggies " by acclaimed director Robert Glinski comes to Polish theaters this month .
It 's about Polish call boys who ply their trade across the border in Germany .
Meanwhile , Katarzyna Rosloniec 's " Mall Girls " tells the story of young shoppers who will stop at nothing to get their hands on desirable fashion items .
The two productions have sparked a debate on the moral fiber of modern young Poles .
In an early scene in " Piggies , " a shy 16 - year - old named Tomek is being pimped to a gay German driver who has crossed the border looking for sex .
The pimp uses dry , unemotional language to explain to the boy what the transaction is about and what the rewards are .
They agree on a price and Tomek gets into the car .
For the love of gadgets
But Tomek is not a runaway from a broken home .
Nor is he a young gay rebel .
He lives a seemingly normal life with his family , has a girlfriend , goes to school , and the only thing that sets him apart from his mates is the number of flashy gadgets he owns .
Glinski says he has long wanted to make a movie to ask a crucial question :
Do young Polish people have any morals ?
" ' Piggies ' means prostituting teenagers who are selling their bodies mostly to German pedophiles for money , gadgets like electronic devices and cosmetics , " said Glinski .
" Twenty years ago we finished with the socialist system and we went into capitalism .
The morality in Poland has changed at every level , mostly in young people . "
According to the film " Mall Girls , " some girls will do anything for new gadgets
" ' Piggies is a film about a world without borderlines , " he added .
" We have no borders between countries , but we have no borderlines in morality too . "
Rosloniec 's " Mall Girls " was shot at a shopping center in central Poland , and seems light years away from the seedy world of gay pickup points at the Polish - German border .
But the storyline is remarkably similar .
Four teenage girls support their compulsive shopping habits by turning tricks in the mall 's toilets .
Film reflects real life
In one scene , one of the girls gives a newcomer tips on how to get a sponsor .
She explains that love does n't exist anymore , and that all that counts is what you can get for casual sex .
Agnieszka , the child actor who plays the main character , admits that among her friends , there are many who would support this philosophy .
" It 's not just a story the screen writer came up with , " she said .
" It really happens .
In the making of the film we spoke with many girls like that .
It 's a movie about what some young Polish people are really like . "
One of the strengths of " Mall Girls " is its soundtrack , written by O.S.T.R. , known as the intellectual Polish rapper .
His lyrics capture the rhythm and imagery of the slang young Poles use .
Director Rosloniec has also won praise for capturing the speech of ordinary teenagers .
Ear for ordinary speech
" The way the girls talk matters a lot in the film , " Rosloniec said .
" The idea is to tell the story using the language of young people .
I had to get inside the head of a teenage girl and see the world with her eyes . "
Both " Mall Girls " and " Piggies " have won accolades on the international stage , including at the Toronto Film Festival .
Film critic Krzysztof Fordonski said the stories of the moral void in which young eastern Europeans live have captured the attention of foreign audiences .
" I would say that it 's the pace at which Poland and the rest of the central and eastern European countries change that can amaze , " he said .
" These films simply tell us a story as it is .
They border on the documentary , leaving the commentary to the audience . "
This type of filmmaking is a side - effect of changes in the financing system , according to Fordonski .
Glinski ( left ) has also made a film based on the novel " The Call of the Toad " by Guenter Grass ( right )
" In the 1990s and early 2000s the cinema was dominated by people willing to offer their money to finance entertainment .
Now there 's a new state fund which helps young directors make their first movies , " he explained .
" It is important that these issues are shown on the screen . "
It can be said that films like " Mall Girls " and " Piggies " make for depressing viewing .
But their arrival has been welcomed by audiences and critics alike , because they are a stark contrast to the romantic comedies and thrillers the Polish cinema industry usually turns out .
For their part , directors like Robert Glinski and Katarzyna Rosloniec are hoping that their movies will also make young Poles think twice about their behavior .
Author : Rafal Kiepuszewski ( jen )
Editor : Kate Bowen
Scientists have found that Killer Whales in the North Atlantic Ocean differ in both diet and genetic makeup .
In fact , they ’re in the process of splitting into two different species all together .
Researchers examined the teeth of 62 whale skeletons , some that were hundreds of years old .
They found that “ type 1 ” whales had longer teeth with significant wear in comparison to “ type 2 . ”
Type 2 whales fed on a combination of seals and fish .
But type 1 whales stuck to dolphins and smaller whales , like that of Antarctic orcas .
“ They seem to have occupied completely different ecological niches and have started to diverge morphologically , ” said Dr. Andy Foote , of the University of Aberdeen in the UK .
“ It ’s similar to how Darwin ’s finches have adapted to different ecological roles in the Galapagos , but on a larger scale . ”
As expected , their diets also affected their shape and size .
The type 1 whale were a full six feet longer .
It also played a part in their color , pattern and how many teeth they actually had .
These findings are important for conservationists as it shows there are two distinct groups of whales which have different diets and may not breed together .
“ They seem to have occupied completely different ecological niches and have started to diverge morphologically .
This divergence may eventually lead to the two types becoming different species , ” said Foote .
It is common for killer whales to have evolved from ecological differentiations but this is the first finding of two different species occupying the same region .
If the two continue on the same trajectory , conservation efforts will need to be focused on each group separately , the researchers claim .
Source : Discovery News
Like this article ?
Follow me on Twitter or friend me on Facebook .
View Transcript
Transcript
Dogbert says , " Welcome to Dogbert 's society for people who always make bad decisions . "
Dogbert says , " I 'd like to thank each of you for choosing the platinum stain protection plan with your membership dues . "
Dogbert says , " If your reputations gets stained by being in this group , the brochure will teach you how grow a mustache disguise . "
< Man says , " What if I already have one ? "
Manhattan Beach Police Sgt. Brian Brown said Tuesday that detectives were continuing their investigation into 15 similar cases since September in which laptops and desktop computers were stolen from vehicles of customers of the Apple Store at the Village Mall on Sepulveda Boulevard .
Last month , the Orange County district attorney 's office charged three Los Angeles residents -- Garzon Diaz , Louis Lopez and John Rodriguez -- with burglary and grand theft in connection with 28 cases in which thieves broke into vehicles and stole computers from customers who had visited Apple retail stores .
A group of thieves has been taking a big bite out of Apple Store customers by purloining computers in more than 100 " follow away " burglaries across the region , authorities said .
The suspects sought by Manhattan Beach police had a specific method of operation , Brown said .
They stake out an Apple store and choose their target .
Then they follow their prospective victims when they drive to another shop or a parking spot near their home .
If computers are left unattended inside the vehicle , the thieves strike .
His department issued a warning to consumers Tuesday not to leave computers or other expensive items in their vehicles in plain view .
" It 's a highly preventable crime if people do n't leave computers in their cars , " Brown said .
But law enforcement officials said despite the arrests in Orange County , they believe these follow - away burglaries are the work of a larger ring that has taken more than 100 computers in Los Angeles , Orange and Ventura counties .
" We are looking into whether all cases are connected to the same crime ring , " said Orange County sheriff 's spokesman Jim Amormino .
The suspects who were charged in the Orange County cases were caught when they tried to break into a car with a computer purchased by an undercover police officer at the Apple Store at the Shops at Mission Viejo .
The cases in that series of crimes began in December 2008 .
None of the computers have been recovered by Orange County authorities , suggesting " they are being shipped out of the country or fenced right away , " Amormino said .
Amormino said he had heard of similar cases in Los Angeles County including Glendale and in Ventura County , and said investigators were comparing notes .
He said law enforcement officials from around the region would be meeting " to compare notes about the possibility they are dealing with a larger ring . "
-- Andrew Blankstein
More breaking news in L.A. Now :
Miami police seek clues in slaying of Southern California model found burned in trash bin
Assailant on bicycle yanks gold chain off neck of boy , 5
Clippers commentator to be arraigned on grand theft charges in Orange County
Cardinal Mahony to attend funeral for El Monte educator slain in Mexico
It 's a scenario every parent of a teenager will recognise : the bedroom door closes , a volume dial is rotated clockwise and loud music fills the room for hours at a time .
But there is some good news – this routine might actually make your child more caring and socially responsible .
After years of studies purporting to show the harmful effects of young people listening to songs with violent or misogynistic themes , a psychologist has concluded that music containing a positive message has a beneficial impact on listeners .
Dr Tobias Greitemeyer from the University of Sussex carried out a series of tests on groups of students in which those exposed to so - called pro-social music – one example was Help ! by the Beatles – later acted in a more considerate and empathetic way than peers who had listened to songs containing a neutral or apparently meaningless lyrical message .
His experiments took groups of students and split them at random into those who listened individually either to socially - conscious songs or those with a neutral message , and then used various ways to measure the apparent effect .
In one , after the music had stopped , a researcher " accidentally " knocked a cup of pencils from a table and paused briefly before beginning to collect them .
On average , those who had heard songs like Michael Jackson 's Heal the World responded more quickly and picked up almost five times as many pencils as people in the other group .
Other volunteers were asked , after listening to the music , whether they would help with a separate research project .
Almost three times as many in the " pro-social " group said they would .
" It 's a very consistent effect .
I did not expect it would be so significant , " Greitemeyer said .
People keep sending me this British short about checkpoints and the Palestinian experience reimagined .
When people keep sending you something , that means it ’s important .
JREF Swift Blog
To Fell The Truth
There is a common perception that the polygraph has been removed from the American courtroom .
Sadly , that perception is false .
A quick Google news search yields a long list of recent unfortunate examples .
In one story , a convicted child molester submits to periodic polygraph examination after release so that parents can feel more at ease .
In another , a man is interrogated using a lie detector .
One even shows that the results of a polygraph test can be used as evidence against you in a rape case .
So what does American law really have to say about lie detectors ?
As with all legal questions that have n’t been directly addressed by the Supreme Court , the answer is “ it depends , ” and “ it ’s confusing as hell . ”
The relevant state and federal rules are a shifting patchwork of contradictory statutes and common law .
For example :
Some states have declared the polygraph inadmissible in court regardless of the wishes of the defendant or prosecutor .
1
Other states allow polygraph results to be presented to a jury as evidence if both sides agree to let them in .
1
Massachusetts does n’t allow polygraph evidence to be used in court but considers it useful in obtaining warrants .
1
No defendant or witness can be forced into taking a lie detector test .
1
Yet police investigations frequently use polygraphs to elicit confessions from suspects .
1
Admissibility in Federal Court is dependent on whether or not one can convince the judge polygraphs are “ relevant and reliable “ .
( This is known as the “ Daubert standard ” of scientific evidence . )
2
The Employee Polygraph Protection Act of 1988 ( EPPA ) tightens the reins on most private employers who simultaneously engage in interstate commerce and polygraphy .
It prohibits the screening of prospective employees and tells employers they my not coerce , discipline , or discharge their workers based on the results of any such test .
3
On the other hand , the EPPA does not apply when an employee is suspected of theft or to government employment opportunities .
3
In United States v. Scheffer , the Supreme Court held 8 to 1 ( John Paul Stevens dissenting ) that polygraph evidence may not be used in court martial proceedings because of its unreliability .
They chose not to extend the ruling to all court battles .
4
Confused by the schizophrenia of these positions ?
That ‘s a perfectly normal reaction .
Legislatures and the courts are being wooed ( no pun intended ) by two hopeful suitors : the scientific community and the pseudoscientific community .
Each have claimed their share of victories .
On the side of pseudoscience , they promise the moon5 :
According to the American Polygraph Association over 250 studies have been conducted on the accuracy of polygraph testing during the past 25 years .
Recent research reveals that the accuracy of the new computerized polygraph stytem [ sic ] is close to 100 % .
The The Office of Technology Assessment ( R.I.P. 1975 -1995 ) , the official science advisors to Congress , disagreed :
The wide variability of results from both prior research reviews and OTA’S own review of individual studies makes it impossible to determine a specific overall quantitative measure of polygraph validity .
These opinions are echoed by the National Academy of Sciences :
[ … ] the NAS extrapolated that if the test were sensitive enough to detect 80 % of spies ( a level of accuracy which it did not assume ) , this would hardly be sufficient anyway .
Let us take for example a hypothetical polygraph screening of a body of 10,000 employees among which are 10 spies .
With an 80 % success rate , the polygraph test would show that 8 spies and 1,992 non-spies fail the test .
Thus , roughly 99.6 percent of positives ( those failing the test ) would be false positives .
Keep in mind that real spies are also the people with the most interest in researching and using countermeasures to avoid detection .
The OTA and NRC are joined by The Journal of Forensic Psychology Practice , The Journal of Applied Psychology , The American Psychological Association , and many others .
They all agree that polygraphy is poorly structured , hard to standardize , subjective , vulnerable to countermeasures , and heavily biased .
In retrospect , this is an obvious conclusion .
Red flags should go up whenever your biggest supporter is Maury Povich .
Footnotes :
1. State Admissibility of polygraph evidence
2. Daubert v. Merrell Dow Pharmaceuticals
3. The Employee Polygraph Protection Act of 1988
4. United States v. Scheffer
5. www.truthorlie.com
Follow the money .
Anti-Conspiracy Kooks Larken Rose
It 's common for people to fail to see conspiracies even when they are obvious .
September 28 , 2008 - If you get up one morning , stub your toe on a table , spill your morning coffee on your shirt , get a flat tire on the way to work , and have to fix it in the rain , that 's called bad luck .
The likelihood that a group of devious villains snuck into your house and moved your table a few inches to where they knew you would kick it , and then somehow sabotaged your coffee mug so you 'd drop it , then did something to your tires to make them go flat ten minutes later , and then somehow made it rain , is pretty darn slim .
And if you think all of that happened , I 'd probably agree that you 're a conspiracy kook .
However , it is not only possible , but quite common , for people to be " kooks " in the other direction : to not recognize conspiracies when they are obvious .
For example , billions of dollars are spent by people conspiring to get you to buy a certain car .
The car companies spend piles of money on crafting propaganda ( advertising ) to manipulate your feelings and emotions , because they want your money .
Their magazine ads , TV ads , radio ads , the slogans they use , the images they choose -- it 's all a " conspiracy " to get your money .
It happens to be a perfectly legal and moral conspiracy , at least most of the time , but it 's still a lot of people CONSPIRING to get money for themselves .
The same is true of just about everything you buy , everything you see in the media , and everything you read .
There are thousands of groups very deliberately trying to persuade you to give them your money .
There are , after all , TRILLIONS of dollars at stake , and almost everyone would like to have lots of those dollars for themselves .
So of course companies " conspire " to get you to give your money to them .
I can't imagine anyone being ignorant enough to not realize that .
Another indisputable fact is that some people are not particularly honest or nice .
We 've all seen the example of the used car salesman doing his little psychological tricks and deceptions to dupe some poor guy into buying a lemon .
And when two or more people cooperate on coming up with such a scam , that is , by definition , a conspiracy .
It 's as natural for bad people to do it as it is for good people to do it , if not more so .
( Enron comes to mind . )
When there are BILLIONS of dollars at stake , it 's naive to NOT constantly be on the lookout for conspiracy , deception , and trickery .
( The Wachowski Brothers ' version of " Speed Racer " expresses this nicely . )
Just about everyone has heard the saying , " Follow the money , " yet people often seem to forget to do that .
In any news story , ask yourself , who got money and power as a result of this ?
Right now we have a HUGE example , involving numbers almost too big to even comprehend .
Almost everyone talks as if the proposed $ 700,000,000,000 " bailout " is Congress irresponsibly bailing out lendors who , due to bad planning , gave out loans that could n't be repaid .
Lots of people object to the bailout , as well they should , but in doing so , they assume that the government 's version of events is what really happened .
Suppose some very rich and powerful bankers were either buddies with those in Congress , had some blackmail leverage against them , or came up with some other bribe or deal which would involve Congress giving them lots of money .
If Congress announced , " We 're going to impose a new tax on everyone , so we can give billions of dollars to our rich banker friends , " I do n't think the public would be too thrilled about it .
So how would they do it ?
When deciding what " conspiracy theories " might be true , I like to use this simple test :
What would YOU do if you were a nasty crook ?
It 's a safe bet that anything I could think of , or anything you could think of , the nasty crooks already have thought of .
For example , if I was a crook and I was in Congress ( but I repeat myself ) , and I had some slimy deal with big bankers -- foreign and domestic -- that they'd do something for me if I gave them a huge pile of money , here 's one thing I could do :
Have them plan ahead to give out millions of loans , including to people who can't possible repay them -- in fact , ESPECIALLY to those people .
Once there is a nice big collection of people in debt that they 'll never get out of , the bankers and the government can both say , " It 's a crisis ! "
Then , in the name of saving the country from economic catastrophe ( intentionally caused by us crooks ) , I send BILLIONS of dollars to my banker buddies and call it a " bailout . "
Where do I get the money ?
I take it from the people , of course , not only today , but in the future .
The " bailout " is backed by my promise to keep right on taxing the poor working slobs for years to come .
So in reality the scheme is a tax on everyone in the country , with the money going right to my rich and powerful buddies .
But as long as it does n't LOOK like that , and as long as most people think the " crisis " was accidental , and do n't think it was a conspiracy between me and my banker buddies , they might get upset , but we 'll get away with it anyway .
So is that what the " bailout " really is ?
It 's hard to know what all happens behind closed doors , but if you ask me , the above scenario is a lot MORE likely than the banks and congress , with all their experts and advisors , going along for years having no idea that the lendors had made $ 700,000,000,000 in loans that would never be repaid , and then suddenly realizing it all at once .
Now THAT is a kooky theory , but it is what the media presents as indisputable fact .
This is no bailout , nor is it any emergency solution for some unforeseen crisis .
It is a calculated , premeditated and preplanned way for a bunch of control freaks , in this country and elsewhere ( do n't forget the Saudi and Chinese bankers ) to get lots more money out of the peasants .
And they 're sure that all of you will just put up with it .
Yeah , you 'll complain , and you might even whine to your congressman , but they could n't care less about that .
They get your money anyway .
And the best part is that , if you suggest that any of the above is what really happened , most of your fellow fraud VICTIMS will ridicule YOU for it , because they 're too gullible , or just too stupid , to use simple logic , taking into account human nature , to figure out what is really going on around them .
Stay informed about effective resistance to ongoing government encroachments against your liberty , including news not covered by the mainstream media .
I HATE SPAM , TOO - your information remains private .
STUMBLE IT !
More Good Stuff : Articles by Larken Rose —
Political philosophy of a man passionately interested in the freedom of his fellow man , moving intellectually from conservatism through libertarianism to anarchism .
Read the latest indictments against our tyrannical ruling elites .
How To Be A Successful Tyrant —
Eradicate the self - determination and self - ownership of others and replace their free will with your will .
If you have an innate ? love of dominion ?
and believe you can run other 's lives better than they can , this book will show you how .
Kicking The Dragon — A chronicle of a modern - day witch - hunt .
The disturbing facts of the case pull back the façade of ? due process ?
and the ?rule of law ? to reveal the United States government for what it has become : a gang of lawless criminals interested only in preserving their own power .
ONLINE STORE — Interesting stuff you can download .
No need to sniff all over the web - the best stuff is right here .
Theft By Deception —
This is a startling revelation for income tax professionals , income tax enforcers and administrators , and the average American who expects nothing less than truthfulness in taxation .
Would You Have Signed the Declaration of Independence ? —
Provide your causes that impel you to a repudiation of ' business as usual ' and clearly state your demand that we reinstate and enforce government of law and liberty under the Constitution .
It ’s entirely possible that The New York Times will net a profit from their newly announced paywall , set to debut in a year ’s time .
But it ’s by no means guaranteed .
Even ( momentarily ) setting aside the journalistic or civic - minded concerns about shutting some readers out of the news , the whole idea makes little sense if the basic math does n’t work out .
Making money would seem to be the most basic marker of a paywall ’s success .
Unfortunately , no one knows for sure whether it will .
It ’s all estimates , assumption , and guesswork — even if it ’s relatively well informed , carefully researched guesswork .
We just do n’t know how readers and advertisers will react .
But now , with the debut of Paywall ! , our revenue game , all that guesswork can be your guesswork .
It allows you to explore the situation at the Times or at any other news site .
As several people have recently pointed out , a paywall is a delicate revenue balancing act .
Readers who hit the paywall and choose not to subscribe represent lost potential advertising revenue .
The calculator starts with numbers that attempt to model the Times ’ online traffic distribution as best I can estimate it ( see references below ) and what seem like generous assumptions .
If 60 percent of the site ’s most loyal readers subscribe at $ 10 per month and no readers are lost , a paywall allowing 50 free page views per month should net about $ 500,000 per month in extra revenue .
But this number is very fragile .
It goes negative if the subscription rate drops just 7 percent , or the Times loses 6 percent of its readers , or if the monthly subscription is just $ 3 cheaper .
My estimates of the Times ’ situation are certainly off by some amount ; these figures are by no means definitive .
But the Times must use estimates too , because no one can anticipate reader response .
The lesson of Paywall !
is not the final revenue number but its great sensitivity to many factors .
Modest changes in site traffic or a few percentage points difference in subscription rate can quickly turn a profit into a loss — or vice versa .
Whatever else it may be , putting up a paywall is not a move without risk .
How to estimate your paywall revenue
How do you play ?
First , hit “ Turn Paywall On ! ”
From there , “ Views before paywall ” is the most fun slider , and the number that many paywall discussions focus on .
This sets the number of free pageviews ( not the same as stories ) that are allowed for each reader before requiring them to subscribe .
As the number of free views decreases , the net revenue jumps as each audience segment hits the paywall , then falls from lost ad impressions .
Somewhere , there ’s a sweet spot .
The key to paywall revenue projections is to understand how different portions of the audience are affected differently .
The model used in this calculator breaks the audience into five distinct segments .
These can be given names such as “ Fly - By ” and “ Daily , ” but for accounting purposes each segment is completely described the number of unique visitors ( readers ) , the number of pageviews per month , and the fraction of readers who will subscribe when they hit the paywall .
( Of course , in the real world , people are n’t so neatly divisible into segments . )
The main graph shows these five segments as five bars .
The height of each bar is the number of pageviews per month for that segment , and the width is the number of readers .
Each pixel on this graph corresponds to a fixed number of pageviews times users , and therefore the same amount of advertising revenue .
Ads shown to unsubscribed readers are in blue , ads shown to paid subscribers are in red , and ad sales lost due to non-subscribers stopping at the paywall are in gray .
The scroll bar at bottom of the graph zooms the display for better viewing .
The calculator starts zoomed in for clarity , but by zooming all the way out you can see that only a very small fraction of readers will be affected by most paywalls .
The crux of the paywall issue is that these are also the most valuable readers , the ones that a publisher can least afford to turn away .
In terms of ad revenue , one Loyal may be worth a hundred Fly - Bys .
Ad revenue is captured in the “ CPM per view ” slider , measured in dollars per 1000 pageviews ; it can be thought of as the per-ad CPM times the number of ads on each page .
Some pages have higher CPM than others , so this value is an average across all pages actually served .
When a reader hits the paywall , several different things can happen .
They may subscribe ; they may come back next month when they have free views again ; or they may never come back .
The “ Subscribed ” and “ Never came back ” sliders model this .
“ Subscribed ” is the fraction of the most loyal readers who subscribe when they hit the paywall — that ’s the width of those red “ paid ” bars on the graph .
This figure is necessarily a guess , and the real world subscription rate will also vary by segment , with loyal readers far more likely to subscribe .
That ’s why there are segment - specific subscription rates in the boxes at bottom .
The slider up top sets the maximum possible subscription rate , the rate for a segment with a relative subscription rate of 100 percent .
Paywall revenue is very sensitive to subscription rate , because every non-subscriber also represents lost advertising impressions .
“ Never came back ” represents the fraction of the audience that simply disappears when the paywall goes up .
Some regular readers will hit the paywall and switch to a source of free news — but even readers who would n’t hit the paywall may be lost , because the existence of a paywall can discourage linking .
In the Times ’ case , they ’ve said that articles arrived at via links from other sites wo n’t count towards paywall metering — but that might just encourage people to browse
Times content through an aggregator instead of the front page , which still amounts to a loss of casual readers .
In any case , this slider subtracts readers from all segments in the same proportion .
Below the graph are the audience segment definitions .
Each of five segments is described by the number of unique readers in that segment , the number of monthly pageviews of each of those readers , and the subscription conversion rate relative to the most loyal readers .
The subscription rate slider and the relative subscription rate are multiplied to get the final subscription rate for each segment .
A bit tricky , I know , but I wanted to make it possible to visualize global changes in subscription rate with one slider .
The number of pageviews for each segment is also calculated ; note that the Loyal and Fly - By readers both represent a large fraction of pageviews .
Again , this is the difficulty with a paywall .
Is a paywall worth it ?
I ’ve run through many different scenarios with this calculator , and the conclusion always seems to be the same : A tuned paywall can make money for a large free site , but the details matter greatly .
Reader reaction is key ; small variations in response have big effects on net revenue .
Perhaps a subscription system will increase revenue — but perhaps not , and probably not enough to transform the economics of news publishing .
“ This is not going to be something that is going to change the financial dynamics overnight , ” as Times publisher Arthur Sulzberger himself said .
This ambiguity means that paywalls will not “ save ” the classic newsroom model , at least not for general interest news production .
But the figures can also be read the other way around .
Imagine you were a news site considering switching from subscriptions to a purely ad - supported model .
In that interpretation , free - to - the - consumer news seems just as financially viable as paid news — or just as fragile .
This may mean that free news is here to stay , which would be good news for those who think it ’s important that the public consume journalism .
This is a tough time for journalistic organizations , and theorizing does n’t pay the bills .
But perhaps this tentative conclusion will help by reframing the discussion towards delivering a more valuable product more cheaply , rather than valiantly trying to return to what was .
References
I have used the best estimates I could find of The New York Times monthly business as the default values for knowable figures in the calculator .
For unknowns , such as the subscription rate for each segment , I made wild guesses and tried to err strongly on the side of values that are optimistic in terms paywall revenue .
The distribution of users between segments is the key parameter .
I did n’t have detailed numbers from the Times itself , so I used the audience profile from another daily paper , helpfully provided by Damon Kiesow of The Nashua Telegraph .
This defined the percentage of readership and relative monthly page views for each segment .
The New York Times and The Nashua Telegraph are obviously less than identical , so caveat emptor .
The best public audience distribution data for the Times are from Quantcast , who estimate that 25 percent of visits come from 1 percent of readers .
The Quantcast data are not directly usable in paywall calculations because they measure visits , not pageviews , but the concentration of visits in the top 1 percent of readers closely matches Kiesow ’s analytics when sliced on visits , and the basic pattern reported by Steve Yelvington for local news sites .
Based on an “ internal memo , ” Business Insider reported last week that NYTimes.com received 14,849,000 unique visitors in December 2009 , and that visitors viewed an average of 18 pages each .
I created the final segment profiles by scaling the segment distribution data to these aggregate numbers .
Next up was CPM per pageview .
The Wall Street Journal reported $ 100 million in NYTimes.com ad revenue for 2008 , or $ 8.3 million a month .
When divided by total page views , gives a CPM per page of about 31 .
Since there are typically three ads of various sizes on an NYTimes.com page , this estimate seems in line with industry averages of $ 10 - $ 15 CPM per ad .
The relative subscription rates for each segment , I just made up — trying to be very generous .
Only 2.4 percent of all readers subscribed at existing U.S. news sites with paywalls , according to a recent survey .
The default numbers in the model represent 10 percent total subscription , when the subscription slider is at 100 percent .
If you have better information , or are willing to contribute analytics data on any of these parameters from your own news site , please send it along and I ’ll update the model for everyone ’s benefit .
Just one possibility ( Image : c.20thC.Fox / Everett / Rex Features )
Quiz :
Do you know your aliens ?
TENTACLED monsters , pale skinny humanoids , shimmery beings of pure energy …
When it comes to the question of what alien life forms might look like , we are free to let our imagination roam .
The science - in - waiting of extraterrestrial anatomy has yet to acquire its first piece of data , so nobody knows what features we will behold if and when humans and aliens come face - to - face .
Or face to squirmy something .
Despite this lack of hard evidence , a blend of astronomy and earthly biology offers some clues to what is out there .
A few bold scientists are even willing to make an educated guess at the nature of aliens that might exist on faraway worlds .
What these extraterrestrials will be like depends on where and how we expect to meet them .
Barring the appearance of flying saucers , there are two broad possibilities : either we have a close encounter with our neighbours by visiting the planets and moons next door ; or we make an interstellar phone call to creatures inhabiting much more distant planets that circle alien suns .
These two options have different implications for the shape of what we find living there .
 What extraterrestrials will look like depends on where and how we meet them 
If first contact turns out to be within our solar system , then at least we have some prior knowledge about the available habitats .
Several spots might be suitable for Earth - like life based on carbon biochemistry and using water as a solvent .
The subsoil of Mars may be warm enough to host microbes akin to Earth ’s bacteria , for …
How To Bail Out Ordinary Mortgage Holders And Not Just Banks
I wrote this post originally in September of 2008 .
It appears that Fannie and Freddie are getting their unlimited line of credit because underwater mortgages are sharply up , and they are expecting foreclosures to go through the roof next year , as well as the commercial real - estate market to collapse .
So , here ’s what should have been done for homeowners well over a year ago .
I have received multiple e-mails today suggesting that instead of the bailing out banks at the expense of taxpayers , the government should give mortgage holders money to pay off their mortgages .
Both ideas are bad .
But there is a better solution .
Why the Government Should n’t Just Bail Out The Banks
The government is talking about setting up a Trust to buy distressed debt then sell it again .
The problem is that the Trust company will simply bail out banks at taxpayer expense without helping mortgage holders much .
The mortgages it sells will still be underwater , or too expensive for many people to service , especially as their houses lose value .
The other proposal , just giving money to people to pay for their mortgages , is bad also .
Housing prices are actually dropping , most mortgages issues were bad mortgages with horrible penalty clauses , based on assumptions about housing values which are just wrong .
House prices are going to keep dropping .
What the government should do instead is set up a Trust to buy mortgages at a discount , then reset them to 20 , 30 or 50 year fixed mortgages with a reduced face amount .
If the house is later sold , half of the increase goes to the government , so that taxpayers make a profit .
The mortgage cannot be paid off before the end of its term so that financial scavengers cannot come around and , as they did over the last ten years , say “ get rid of that mortgage , and take ours .
It ’s better .
Honest ! ” , because we know that when they say better , they do n’t mean better for the mortgage holder .
The mortgage is attached to the property and is transfered to any new buyer .
And the mortgage cannot be removed from the property , and any new mortgages attached to the property are junior to the government mortgage .
End results :
a ) a floor is set for mortgage prices .
( Whatever discount the government is buying at .
Probably 60 % to 70 % , but it should be based on what the long run price was in the area before the housing bubble . )
This ends the confidence crisis in these securities , because there is now a market price — what the Trust will pay .
b) It helps homeowners stay in their homes .
c ) It gets rid of overly complex mortgages and puts in their place a dead simple mortgage that anyone can understand .
d ) It punishes lenders , which they deserve , for making loans they should never have made .
e ) While it does keep homeowners in their homes , it does n’t let them off scot - free either .
In exchange for a good mortgage they can service , they give up some of the future profits on sales in their houses .
f ) The government will almost certainly make a long term profit on this .
This is important , because it ’s not fair for people who are n’t underwater on mortgages to spend hundreds of billions or trillions bailing out those who are without some expectation that in the end it wo n’t be more than just a transfer of wealth to them and to investors and banks .
This bailout can be done right .
It ’s up to Democrats , who appear to be in danger of stampeding into a hasty decision , to stand firm and make sure it ’s done right .
The last two times they did n’t stand firm and do things right , we got the Patriot Act and the Iraq War .
This is too important for Democratic fecklessness .
Too important for them to just give the Bush administration whatever it wants .
If they do give the administration what it wants , then Wall Street and the Banks just got bailed out , no help goes to ordinary people and you get stuck with a trillion dollar bill .
Taxpayers get all the toxic assets , but Wall Street , who paid themselves more in bonuses in 2007 then 80 million Americans got in raises , keeps the profits .
Democrats need to stand up for ordinary Americans and do the right thing .
Update December 2009 : Well , obviously they did give the Bush administration what it wanted , then they gave the banks everything they wanted in 2009 .
The result has been as predicted , except the bill may be even larger than I thought at that time .
It is not too late ( in theory ) to do the right thing .
If the Obama administration can spend unlimited money without Congressional approval to bail out Freddie and Fannie , then they can spend the money instead to set up a Housing Trust which helps everyone but also spreads the pain so it is n’t only ordinary people taking it on the chin for once .
DELIVERY MANAGER
Route deliveries and assign drivers .
The power to exceed client expectations is now in your driver 's smartphone ; from delivery management to on - the - road client communication .
Learn more >
BEO TEMPLATE TOOL
Save time by creating unlimited BEO templates for any / all event types .
Learn more >
KITCHEN PRODUCTION REPORTS
Turn your kitchen into a production powerhouse with reports by the order or aggregated by the entire day .
Learn more >
ORDER TAKING
Rapid order entry made simple .
Take orders .
Add new clients , delivery addresses , credit cards and menu items all from one screen .
The earthquake has left me feeling like Pompeii diaspora .
If I had time for I statements , I 'd just admit that I feel exactly like Régine Chassagne and that every day I want to " let out a cry , as if I had just heard that everybody I love had died .
The reality , unfortunately , is much worse .
Although everything around me is peaceful , I have been in an internal state of emergency for days . "
I 'll have to post - pone that for late February or March even .
Maybe I 'll scream in the shower a little .
The search and rescue deadline has passed , but people are dying from other , preventable reasons that The Unionhaiti members and I are doing everything we can but there 's not that many of us in total .
From my other blog :
We need to move faster than ever now .
People are dying of other causes .
Ridiculously preventable causes like dehydration .
I know we ’re all doing what we can but I ca n’t accept that .
So I urge you , continue to forward any information you recieve as far as wide as you possibly can .
Some of us understand / speak creole and / or french .
( Or even just know someone who can )
We are an invaluable resource to the ushahidi team right now .
Please help them translate the help messages they receive .
This is the closest thing the Haitians have to dialing 911 right now .
Some people have been posting the locations of persons in need of help right now with the #haiti tag .
Help me email their crucial , time - sensitive information to haiti@ushahidi.com .
Their team has stated that this method is also used to report incidents on the ground .
Those of you in Haiti reading the UNION HAITI twitter , Carel Pedre ’s and mine , please text their needs , names and locations to 4636 if you have a Digicel phone , or email them to haiti@ushahidi.com , the ones on the ground might be too panicked to do it .
Thanks for all your help
Instructions
This is a survey of professional philosophers and others , concerning their views on some central philosophical questions .
The survey has 30 main questions and some optional background questions .
It should take only a few minutes to complete .
The 30 questions will be asked to you one at a time , in no particular order .
If you do not complete the survey immediately , we will remember your answers , and you can return to the survey later .
However , your answers will not count unless you finish the survey before the closing time ( December 1st at 7 am New York time , noon London time , 11 pm Sydney time ) .
The questions are phrased in a minimal way , in part because further clarification would usually be tendentious and would call for still further clarification in turn .
Of course , one can always find ambiguity or other problems in such a question , so a number of " other " options are available .
Nevertheless , we strongly encourage you to adopt the most natural interpretation of each question and to report an acceptance or a leaning toward one side or the other wherever possible .
Use of information
Your answers will be available to the small PhilPapers research team , and to a limited number of other researchers with whom we may share our data ( with names stripped out ) in the future .
We will use the information you provide to calculate statistics concerning the body of answers to the survey as a whole .
We may publicly release such statistics .
At the end of the survey we will ask for your consent to use your answers in this way .
We will also give you the option of allowing your answers to be publicly revealed by associating them with your PhilPapers profile , if you have one .
Important : Your answers will not count toward our statistics unless you consent to this explictly at the end of the survey on the Background & Consent page .
For further information regarding the purpose and methodology of the survey and regarding privacy issues , see our information page ( opens in new window ) .
The survey is now closed .
Results are here .
All rights reserved David Bourget and David Chalmers 2009 .
Information Page | Contact us
After surviving more than 300 physical attacks , two stabbing attempts , a live bullet posted through his door and a succession of vicious beatings that have left him mildly brain - damaged , Peter Tatchell must be one of the only people in the world who could still consider himself fortunate .
" I 'm lucky , " he insists with the quiet nonchalance of someone discussing the weather .
" What helps me cope is to put things in perspective .
My injuries pale in comparison to the pro-democracy campaigners in Iran or the environmentalists in Russia or the political activists in Zimbabwe .
If I was doing what they are doing , I 'd be dead . "
For much of the past four decades , the 57 - year - old Tatchell has been fighting for what he believes is right .
The Australian - born political activist has protested against homophobia , apartheid and the death penalty .
He has spoken out against the dictatorships in Franco 's Spain , Pinochet 's Chile and Khomeini's Iran .
In 1990 , he founded the influential gay rights group OutRage ! , which campaigned so effectively against alleged police harassment that the number of homosexual men convicted of gross indecency in the UK fell by two - thirds in three years .
In 2001 , he attempted to perform a citizen 's arrest on Robert Mugabe in Brussels for civil rights abuse and was beaten unconscious by the president of Zimbabwe 's bodyguards .
Two years ago Tatchell joined a gay pride march in Moscow and was attacked by rightwing thugs who punched him in the face and left him with permanently blurred vision in his right eye .
It takes a lot to make Peter Tatchell stop .
But last week he announced he was standing down as the Green party candidate in Oxford East on medical advice , because those horrific beatings have left him experiencing permanent symptoms of severe concussion .
His injuries were further exacerbated on a canvassing trip in Devon in July when the bus in which he was travelling braked suddenly and Tatchell was thrown forward , hitting his head on a metal rail .
" I have problems with my memory , concentration , balance and co-ordination , " he says , sitting in his small council flat in Elephant and Castle , south London , surrounded by piles of books and posters .
One of the home - made banners depicts Pope Benedict as " the Queen of Homophobia " , complete with fluorescent pink lips and swastika earrings .
" I 'm slower , I make mistakes more easily and I do n't quite have the drive that I once had .
I 'm now prone to a bit of depression , but it 's manageable . "
Two years ago Tatchell fell over at home , hit his head against the door frame and knocked himself out , waking up some time later to find himself in a pool of blood – an incident he refers to with typical understatement as " a bit of a shock " .
He finds it difficult to type without the words on screen appearing in a nonsensical jumble of letters and in the past week alone he says he has had " six near crashes " while cycling around London .
" I 'd already sort of concluded that I 'd have to stand down , but I did n't want to accept it , " Tatchell says .
" I felt so honoured to be accepted as their candidate that I could n't bear to give it up .
It was a very , very emotionally hard thing to do .
" It 's quite hard to admit to – albeit minor – brain damage because I 've tried to hide it for a lot of the time …
I just carried on campaigning partly because I just wanted to do the job , but partly perhaps because there was a fear that this might affect my ability to continue . "
As he says this , Tatchell seems close to tears .
His soft Australian accent is punctuated by a slight stammer that appears to get worse when he is talking about the personal cost of his political activism .
" I am very resilient , but I also have a very fragile , sensitive underside , which most people do n't see . "
Does he feel resentful towards his attackers ?
" No .
There 's an element of regret in that I wish these injuries had n't happened . "
Mugabe 's henchmen attacked him three times in Brussels – once in the lobby of the Hilton hotel where the Zimbabwean president was staying , and twice on the street outside , leaving Tatchell paralysed down his left side for several days .
On television news footage of the beating , you can hear a crack as the bodyguards make contact with Tatchell 's skull .
In Moscow he vividly remembers the thugs kicking him to the ground with " heavy , black boots " .
Afterwards the Russian police arrested Tatchell and let his attackers go free .
How can he not feel resentful ?
" What 's the point ?
Bitterness is a very destructive emotion . "
He breaks off .
" Obviously , I think they 're bastards , " he says with a grin , " but I do n't hold some grudge …
The best reward for me would be to change them . "
He believes that most instances of hatred and oppression stem from a warped sense of machismo – almost all his attackers have been men – and it is hard not to think that part of this might stem from his upbringing in Melbourne .
His parents divorced when he was four and Tatchell barely saw his father , Gordon , when he was growing up because he worked night shifts in a factory .
His mother , Mardi , later remarried and Tatchell 's stepfather , Edwin , was an evangelical Christian of Prussian heritage who subjected him to regular beatings .
" He was a monster , " says Tatchell now .
" There was an element of resentment that I was the result of a previous marriage , so there was a sort of macho rivalry surrounding my father .
He beat me very badly , so much so that I used to think he was an escaped Nazi war criminal . "
At 17 , Tatchell slept with a man and knew that he was gay .
He did not tell his religiously zealous mother and stepfather for fear of upsetting them .
" I knew they would n't be able to cope mentally and emotionally if I simply blurted out , ' I 'm gay '… so the strategy I adopted was to drop hints .
If there was a newspaper story about a gay person being beaten up , I always made a point of saying how shocking it was , that we should live and let live . "
Eventually they asked Tatchell if he was gay .
" I said yes .
And they thanked me for the way I approached it . "
Both of his biological parents are still alive ( Edwin died in 2002 ) .
Are they proud of him ?
" Yes , they 're pretty supportive , even though they still deep down believe that homosexuality is wrong .
But they also think that discrimination against gay people is wrong .
Both my mother and father do keep on saying , ' We wish you 'd take fewer risks and retire ' . "
That is not likely any time soon .
Although Tatchell has temporarily abandoned any hopes of a parliamentary career , he still grapples with a phenomenal workload .
His doctor has told him he should take a complete break of at least six months , but Tatchell , who works 14 hours a day , seven days a week , and ekes out a living of £ 8,000 a year , largely from donations , is politely ignoring them .
He spends his time orchestrating campaigns and answering a constant stream of emails and phone calls .
He is extremely thin , subsisting on a diet of raw vegetables and cups of tea .
On a comparatively uneventful day , he goes to bed at 3 am and wakes up at 9 am .
Does n't he ever pine for a quiet life ?
" I can understand why people want a quiet , relaxed , material life , but on another level I can't understand why people just accept things the way they are .
One billion people woke up this morning without clean drinking water .
That is outrageous .
We live in a world of such plenty that it 's unconscionable that so many people do n't have the basics …
That is just morally unacceptable . "
But the difference is that most people would not feel galvanised into the kind of direct action that Tatchell takes , often putting himself in extreme danger .
Is he scared of dying ?
" No , my grandfather and all my great - uncles lived to their late 90s , so I hope it's in the genes , " he says , deliberately misinterpreting the question .
He does , at least , admit to the occasional feeling of terror before carrying out his protests .
" There is a nervous anxiety that is partly a fear of failure and partly a fear of being arrested and beaten , " he acknowledges .
" My body temperature plummets … my stomach churns over .
I feel physically ill and tend to want to pee a lot .
Sometimes I get a headache from the stress of the build - up .
There are moments when I 'm actually shaking .
Then once it's all over and I 'm in the back of a police van or a cell , I just have this incredibly serene sense of relaxation and I feel total calm . "
The way he describes it makes the experience sound almost like a chemical high and I wonder whether there is a part of Tatchell that is addicted to pursuing that single , pure moment of serenity when so much of his life is defined by the persistent threat of danger .
He does not entirely accept this , but admits that he has started meditating a couple of times a week " to chill out for an hour or so " and that he indulges in the odd home - made hashish cookie .
" I 'm left feeling incredibly calm and tranquil .
I use it for medical benefits , and it really enrages me , " he says , his voice gathering pace , " that something that can be so medically useful is criminalised . "
Only Peter Tatchell could be so enraged by something that is meant to calm him down .
But as he grapples with the complicated security locks on his front door to let me out , it strikes me that perhaps the rest of us are lucky that he cares enough to carry on fighting , whatever the cause .
For more information on Peter Tatchell 's activism , see petertatchell.net
Facebook is testing out a new feature that lets you identify strangers who attempt to friend you , according to a report published today by the Inside Facebook blog .
Facebook confirmed it 's testing the feature in an email to Mashable .
Ever encountered someone who just can't take the hint , " I do n't know you , so , no , I do not want to be your friend , " and attempts to friend you over and over again despite numerous rejections ?
Or have you been spammed by a fake Facebook profile whose friendship you carelessly accepted ?
Well , Facebook has the remedy for all of these ills :
A new function called " Mark You Don't Know . "
Now , after choosing " ignore " when you receive a friend request , Facebook gives you the option to report said person as a stranger .
Check out the screenshots below ( here 's hoping Mashable 's Samuel Axon does n't get blocked for kindly taking part in this demonstration ) :
The new feature will likely be a great help to the site and its members , given that it has been a target recently for both phishing attempts and spam .
Still , it does seem to be sending mixed messages in the wake of the launch of new privacy features and founder Mark Zuckerberg 's proclamation that sharing is the new " social norm . "
It remains to be seen just how well this new feature will function .
In the meantime , let us know what you think in the comments .
Designer Liu Hsiang - Ling quite poetically brings out the relationship between an umbrella and the rain .
Simple pleasures from the past that we have long forgotten ; jumping into puddles or using a stick to draw in the sand !
Her take is this Rain Brush Umbrella designed with a paint - brush ( silicon ) like tip , so that you can dip it into the nearest rain puddle and start drawing water graffiti on the sidewalk .
A nice past - time if you ’re waiting for a bus or something .
Liu has pointed out in her observation :
When people are waiting for the rain to stop , the interaction between people and umbrella is the most frequent activity .
People usually use their umbrellas to leave a mark on the ground with raindrops , and those unintentional games are the consequences of a raining day ; maybe they are tic - tac - toe or just graffiti on the road .
When they use the umbrella tip ( ferrule ) to dip into a puddle , water and ground become elements for self - expression .
The extreme is made of silicon as the look of a sharp pencil that allows rains falls along the edge .
The gradient from black to white is clear to see even under using .
The handle is designed into a writing brush look , including features like shape , material , engraving , etc .
Designer : Liu Hsiang - Ling
Carte des verrues architecturales : qui est le grand vainqueur ?
Rebrousse - poil Par Nicolas Montard | 30 décembre 2009
On vous les avait promis , les voici .
Qui ?
Quoi ?
Les résultats de notre vote tout ce qu’il y a de plus officiel pour les plus belles verrues architecturales du Nord – Pas - de - Calais .
Il y a quelques semaines , l’hôtel de ville de Maubeuge s’offrait la tête du classement .
Sauf que depuis , cette merveille architecturale a dégringolé du podium .
Alors qui sont les grands gagnants ?
En tête des verrues architecturales , je demande le Palais de justice de Lille .
Une belle verrue bétonnée au milieu du Vieux - Lille datant de la fin des années 60 , on se doutait que ça ne laisserait pas indifférent les internautes .
Tout comme la place Jean - Bart qui suit dans le classement .
A Dunkerque , faut - il bien sûr préciser .
Là , DailyNord avait apprécié les constructions rectilignes qui entourent la statue du célèbre corsaire .
Pour la troisième marche du podium , retour à Lille non loin du Grand Palais .
Et c’est la proposition d’un internaute , Gallaghy , qui se distingue .
“ La très soviétique cité administrative de Lille ” nous écrivait - il .
Il n’est donc pas le seul à penser que c’est également une belle verrue .
Rassurez - vous , on ne va pas vous faire toute la liste .
Juste les dix premiers .
Alors , qui échoue au pied du podium ?
Dans un mouchoir de poche ( quelques voix d’écart ) avec la cité administrative de Lille , on trouve également le décrié serpent de Wazemmes , toujours à Lille .
Mais aussi l’hôtel de ville de Maubeuge qui occupait la tête de ce classement il y a encore quelques semaines .
Complètent ce quinté gagnant l’église Saint - Pierre Saint - Paul de Maubeuge , la gare de Maubeuge , le front de mer de Berck - sur - Mer , l’aiguille de Valenciennes et le carrefour de la Tour Eiffel à Sains - en - Gohelle .
Lille , Lens , Dunkerque et Maubeuge ont le plus de verrues
Quels précieux enseignements tirer de ce classement ?
A travers la quarantaine de verrues architecturales proposées par la rédaction ou les internautes , il y a bien entendu une prédominance pour la métropole lilloise .
Qui squatte le podium et s’offre huit merveilles pour elle toute seule .
Dunkerque , Lens et Maubeuge ne sont pas en reste avec trois verrues chacune .
Si l’on retrouve des bâtiments ou monuments laids aux quatre coins de la région , la plupart sont tout de même regroupés dans le tissu urbain Lille , Lens , Arras , Valenciennes .
Au niveau des commentaires , les internautes mettent parfois en cause l’édification d’une verrue dans un quartier historique ou pittoresque ( la mairie de Méaulens à Arras , le cube du Palais de justice de Douai ou la Maison des associations à Grand Fort Philippe par exemple ) .
On notera aussi la présence de quelques édifications très récentes parmi ce classement : l’aiguille de Valenciennes sur la Place d’Armes ( le genre de monument qui vieillit mal ) ou toujours la Maison des Associations de Grand Fort Philippe .
Bref , on ne va pas s’étaler plus .
Notez juste que si le vote officiel ( *) est terminé , vous pouvez toujours proposer vos verrues architecturales , la carte restant bien sûr accessible .
Le mot de la fin pour CéMoche , internaute qui nous avait proposé le bâtiment de la Communauté urbaine à Dunkerque :
“ On pourrait aussi faire un vote identique envers les bâtiments que l’on aimait , pour leurs valeurs architecturales et patrimoniales et qui ont été abattus .
Il est important de rappeler régulièrement ces conneries aux décideurs !
Merci pour vos initiatives . ”
De rien .
(*)
Avouons - le quand même le vote était quelque peu tronqué : en rajoutant des verrues au fur et à mesure , les dernières arrivées n’ont pas eu les mêmes chances de s’offrir le podium que celles proposées d’emblée …
Retrouvez le classement ainsi que la carte des verrues architecturales
Ce contenu est © DailyNord .
Si cet article vous intéresse , vous pouvez reprendre un extrait sur votre site ( n’excédant pas la moitié de l’article ) en citant bien évidemment la source .
Si vous désirez publier l’intégralité de l’article , merci de nous contacter »
It seems as if Lou Engle has now become a full - fledged Religious Right leader whose gatherings are now regularly attended by everyone from Tony Perkins and Richard Land to Star Parker and Harry Jackson :
Joining Engle at the “ prayer march ” will be Tony Perkins , president of the Family Research Council , and Samuel Rodriguez , president of the National Hispanic Christian Leadership Conference .
Religious leaders expected to attend include Bishop Harry Jackson , senior pastor of Hope Christian Church ; Richard Land , president of the Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission of the Southern Baptist Convention ; Star Parker , president of the Coalition for Urban Renewal and Education ; and Abby Johnson , the former director of a Planned Parenthood clinic .
Here is Engle ’s latest video and the announcement on his website :
Houston We Have A Problem
The Second largest abortion clinic in the world is being built at this present moment in Houston , Texas .
This six - story Planned Parenthood abortion “ super center ” is right in the middle of four ( 4 ) “ super neighborhoods . ”
Three average to 85 % Latino in population and the other is 85 % African American .
Planned Parenthood is targeting these minority pro-family communities , both for their finances and the restriction of their populations .
But , there is a voice rising out of Houston and out of Texas , declaring , “ We do n’t want this death camp specializing in late - term abortions in our neighborhoods ! ”
On Martin Luther King Jr. ’s holiday , January 18th , 2010 , thousands are gathering to march against this Goliath to pray , fast , and peacefully siege this massive injustice in the spirit of that great liberator Martin Luther King Jr. Key African American , Latino , and political leaders are coming to speak and hold a nationwide press conference challenging this “ super center . ”
This is a great hour for the Hispanic pro-LIFE people , Catholic and Evangelical , to raise their voices against abortion and for adoption .
Public opinion over abortion is shifting radically in America to pro-LIFE at the same time this facility is exalting itself above the humble and oppressed .
We are entering into the 37th anniversary of the “ Roe V. Wade ” abortion decree of 1973 on January 22 , 2010 .
We are in a ’ 73 / ’37 window to reverse that decree .
It started in Texas , now let it begin to reverse there .
We are calling for the pro-LIFE people of Houston , Texas , and America to gather Sunday night , January 17th , 2010 for four ( 4 ) hours of prayer for spiritual awakening and justice , from 6:00 pm to 10:00 pm at Grace Community Church .
On this evening , 1/17 , we will be unifying with one voice before God to pray for the Luke 1:17 answer to the killing of our babies and the wounding of our women – “ And he will also go before Him in the spirit and power of Elijah to turn the hearts of the fathers to the children and the rebellious to the wisdom of the just , to make ready a people prepared for the Lord . ”
On January 18th , at 9:00 am on Martin Luther King Jr. ’s holiday , we will gather by the thousands to launch a silent prayer march through the streets to the abortion “ super center ” for the nationwide press conference and prayer stand .
As Martin Luther King Jr. would proclaim it –
It is time to “ subpoena the conscience ” of the nation from the flashpoint of Houston , Texas .
Maybe Houston could become the Birmingham of our day to let the unborn go free and spare the pregnant mother the agony of guilt .
Maybe out of Houston a great demonstration of compassion could be launched through pregnant mother care with a mass movement of adoption .
Martin Luther King Jr. cried , “ I have a dream ” .
Alveda King , the niece of Martin Luther King Jr. , has eloquently stated , “ How can the dream live as long as we kill our children ? ”
God has a dream .
He has a dream for America and He has a dream for every mother and every child and a six - story massive abortion facility has never been a part of that dream .
Lets end the nightmare and let the dream live .
The conventional wisdom is that the chances of Congress passing a bill that puts both a cap and a price on greenhouse gases are somewhere between terrible and nil .
President Obama can start to prove the conventional wisdom wrong by making a full - throated case for a climate bill in his State of the Union speech this week .
Washington has been forecasting the likely death of a climate bill with renewed certainty since Massachusetts elected a Republican senator who promised to block pretty much anything Mr. Obama wants .
But even before then we were hearing two reasons why a bill could not pass :
The Senate wo n’t have any strength left when it finishes with health care , and the nation cannot afford a bill that implies an increase in energy prices .
The first reason is defeatist , the second greatly exaggerated .
The climate change bills pending in the Senate would not begin to bite for several years , when the recession should be over .
The cost to households , according to the Congressional Budget Office , would be small .
A good program would create more jobs than it cost .
The list of reasons to pass a climate bill , on the other hand , is long and persuasive .
Start with timing .
The long - term trend in greenhouse gas emissions is up ( the decade ending in 2009 was the warmest on record ) , and the sooner emissions decline , the better .
The bill passed by the House last year calls for emissions in 2020 to be 17 percent lower than they were in 2005 .
This is the bare minimum required to give the industrialized world a fighting chance of achieving an 80 percent reduction by midcentury , which most mainstream scientists think will be necessary to avert the worst consequences of global warming .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Federal authorities on Friday arrested two men linked to a suspected al Qaeda - inspired bomb plot after one of them led the FBI on a high - speed chase during which he invoked the name of Allah in a 911 call , a law - enforcement source said .
Najibullah Zazi ( C ) is escorted by U.S. Marshals after a helicopter landing at a New York Police Department facility in Brooklyn , New York , September 25 , 2009 .
REUTERS / New York Police Department
Adis Medunjanin , 25 , and Zarein Ahmedzay , 24 , were arrested in New York City as part of the investigation into Afghan - born Najibullah Zazi , the FBI said .
Zazi , 24 , was arrested in September and accused of plotting a bomb attack in New York City on the anniversary of the September 11 attacks .
All three went to high school together in the New York City borough of Queens , and investigators allege they traveled to Pakistan together in 2008 where they attended an al Qaeda training camp , said one law - enforcement official with knowledge of the investigation .
The source spoke on condition of anonymity .
Ahmedzay , appearing in Brooklyn federal court on Friday , pleaded not guilty to a charge of making false statements to the FBI -- specifically , that he lied about the places he had visited in Pakistan and Afghanistan , and about whether an unnamed third party attended al Qaeda camps .
His defense lawyer , Michael Marinaccio , disputed the allegation that Ahmedzay received al Qaeda training , telling reporters , “ It seems to me that if they had that kind of information then you would see it in the ( charges ) . ”
Medunjanin was due to appear before a judge later though it was not certain it would be on Friday .
Medunjanin , of Bosnian origin , and Ahmedzay , of Afghani origin , had been under surveillance since Zazi ’s arrest .
Authorities searched Medunjanin ’s home on Thursday when they took his U.S. passport , after which he got in his car and began racing through the streets of New York at speeds of up to 90 miles per hour ( 145 km per hour ) , the source said .
“ He called 911 ( the emergency response line ) and invoked the name of Allah .
He said , ‘ We love death more than you love life ! ’ and rammed the car in front of him , ” the law enforcement official said .
He was detained by New York police and handed over to federal authorities , providing them with information that led to the arrest of Ahmedzay , the source said .
Ahmedzay , a taxi driver , was arrested in Manhattan while on duty , his lawyer said .
ZAZI CASE RAISES ALARM
Security experts had considered the Zazi case among the most serious within U.S. borders since the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , though in recent weeks the case was overshadowed by the attempted Christmas Day bombing of a Detroit - bound airliner .
Zazi , a former coffee vendor from New York who had moved to Colorado , was indicted by a federal grand jury in September on a charge of conspiracy to use weapons of mass destruction .
He pleaded not guilty and his defense attorney has cautioned against what he called a rush to judgment against him .
The Zazi case alarmed security experts because he was not a foreign militant but rather , according to prosecutors , a man who grew up largely in the United States , became radical , traveled for al Qaeda training , and then took steps toward carrying out a U.S. attack .
Prosecutors say Zazi took a bomb - making course at an al Qaeda training camp in Pakistan , had bomb - making notes on his laptop , and acquired bomb - making materials similar to those used in the 2005 attacks in London ’s transit system .
Zazi ’s father and a New York imam have also been arrested in the case , accused of lying to federal authorities .
The Nevada Supreme Court dealt a huge blow Thursday to Las Vegas officials ’ controversial plan to siphon water from the state ’s rural north , saying that a faulty application process invalidates the south 's claim to tens of thousands of acre - feet of water .
Starting in 1989 , Las Vegas - area water officials – anticipating a massive population boom in thirsty southern Nevada – asked the state water engineer for groundwater rights in a number of rural valleys .
Critics panned the proposal to channel water , via a 300 - mile pipeline , from ranching to casino country as an Owens Valley - like grab .
A number of people filed formal objections .
“ It was very much a way to just lock up this water , ” said Simeon Herskovits , the lead attorney for protesters including the Great Basin Water Network .
The state engineer was required by law to move on the water rights applications within a year .
Nothing happened until 2005 .
As the state engineer began to consider the water requests , dozens of people , including the relatives of northern landowners who had died since the applications were first filed , tried to lodge formal objections .
They were denied .
The state Supreme Court ruling sends the parties back to a District Court , which will decide whether the Southern Nevada Water Authority ( SNWA ) must start the application process anew , as the protesters would like .
Alternately , the court could recommend that the state engineer simply reopen the formal protest period .
TRANSCRIPT : GOP Response to State of the Union Address Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell responds to Obama 's address .
Jan. , 27 , 2010  --
Good evening .
I 'm Bob McDonnell .
Eleven days ago I was honored to be sworn in as the 71st governor of Virginia .
I 'm standing in the historic House Chamber of Virginia 's Capitol , a building designed by Virginia 's second governor , Thomas Jefferson .
It 's not easy to follow the President of the United States .
And my twin 18 - year old boys have added to the pressure , by giving me exactly ten minutes to finish before they leave to go watch SportsCenter .
I 'm joined by fellow Virginians to share a Republican perspective on how to best address the challenges facing our nation today .
We were encouraged to hear President Obama speak this evening about the need to create jobs .
All Americans should have the opportunity to find and keep meaningful work , and the dignity that comes with it .
Many of us here , and many of you watching , have family or friends who have lost their jobs .
1 in 10 American workers is unemployed .
That is unacceptable .
Here in Virginia we have faced our highest unemployment rate in more than 25 years , and bringing new jobs and more opportunities to our citizens is the top priority of my administration .
Good government policy should spur economic growth , and strengthen the private sector 's ability to create new jobs .
We must enact policies that promote entrepreneurship and innovation , so America can better compete with the world .
What government should not do is pile on more taxation , regulation , and litigation that kill jobs and hurt the middle class .
It was Thomas Jefferson who called for " A wise and frugal Government which shall leave men free to regulate their own pursuits of industry …. and shall not take from the mouth of labor the bread it has earned … "
He was right .
Today , the federal government is simply trying to do too much .
Last year , we were told that massive new federal spending would create more jobs ' immediately ' and hold unemployment below 8 % .
In the past year , over three million Americans have lost their jobs , yet the Democratic Congress continues deficit spending , adding to the bureaucracy , and increasing the national debt on our children and grandchildren .
The amount of this debt is on pace to double in five years , and triple in ten .
The federal debt is already over $ 100,000 per household .
This is simply unsustainable .
The President 's partial freeze on discretionary spending is a laudable step , but a small one .
The circumstances of our time demand that we reconsider and restore the proper , limited role of government at every level .
Without reform , the excessive growth of government threatens our very liberty and prosperity .
In recent months , the American people have made clear that they want government leaders to listen and act on the issues most important to them .
We want results , not rhetoric .
We want cooperation , not partisanship .
There is much common ground .
All Americans agree , we need a health care system that is affordable , accessible , and high quality .
But most Americans do not want to turn over the best medical care system in the world to the federal government .
Republicans in Congress have offered legislation to reform healthcare , without shifting Medicaid costs to the states , without cutting Medicare , and without raising your taxes .
We will do that by implementing common sense reforms , like letting families and businesses buy health insurance policies across state lines , and ending frivolous lawsuits against doctors and hospitals that drive up the cost of your healthcare .
And our solutions are n't thousand - page bills that no one has fully read , after being crafted behind closed doors with special interests .
In fact , many of our proposals are available online at solutions .
gop.gov , and we welcome your ideas on Facebook and Twitter .
All Americans agree , this nation must become more energy independent and secure .
We are blessed here in America with vast natural resources , and we must use them all .
Advances in technology can unleash more natural gas , nuclear , wind , coal , and alternative energy to lower your utility bills .
Here in Virginia , we have the opportunity to be the first state on the East Coast to explore for and produce oil and natural gas offshore .
But this Administration 's policies are delaying offshore production , hindering nuclear energy expansion , and seeking to impose job - killing cap and trade energy taxes .
Now is the time to adopt innovative energy policies that create jobs and lower energy prices .
All Americans agree , that a young person needs a world - class education to compete in the global economy .
As a kid my dad told me , " Son , to get a good job , you need a good education . "
That 's even more true today .
The President and I agree on expanding the number of high - quality charter schools , and rewarding teachers for excellent performance .
More school choices for parents and students mean more accountability and greater achievement .
A child 's educational opportunity should be determined by her intellect and work ethic , not by her zip code .
All Americans agree , we must maintain a strong national defense .
The courage and success of our Armed Forces is allowing us to draw down troop levels in Iraq as that government is increasingly able to step up .
My oldest daughter , Jeanine , was an Army platoon leader in Iraq , so I 'm personally grateful for the service and the sacrifice of all of our men and women in uniform , and a grateful nation thanks them .
We applaud President Obama 's decision to deploy 30,000 more troops to Afghanistan .
We agree that victory there is a national security imperative .
But we have serious concerns over recent steps the Administration has taken regarding suspected terrorists .
Americans were shocked on Christmas Day to learn of the attempted bombing of a flight to Detroit .
This foreign terror suspect was given the same legal rights as a U.S. citizen , and immediately stopped providing critical intelligence .
As Senator - elect Scott Brown says , we should be spending taxpayer dollars to defeat terrorists , not to protect them .
Here at home government must help foster a society in which all our people can use their God - given talents in liberty to pursue the American Dream .
Republicans know that government cannot guarantee individual outcomes , but we strongly believe that it must guarantee equality of opportunity for all .
That opportunity exists best in a democracy which promotes free enterprise , economic growth , strong families , and individual achievement .
Many Americans are concerned about this Administration 's efforts to exert greater control over car companies , banks , energy and health care .
Over -regulating employers wo n't create more employment ; overtaxing investors wo n't foster more investment .
Top - down one - size fits all decision making should not replace the personal choices of free people in a free market , nor undermine the proper role of state and local governments in our system of federalism .
As our Founders clearly stated , and we Governors understand , government closest to the people governs best .
And no government program can replace the actions of caring Americans freely choosing to help one another .
The Scriptures say " To whom much is given , much will be required . "
As the most generous and prosperous nation on Earth , it is heartwarming to see Americans giving much time and money to the people of Haiti .
Thank you for your ongoing compassion .
Some people are afraid that America is no longer the great land of promise that she has always been .
They should not be .
America will always blaze the trail of opportunity and prosperity .
America must always be a land where liberty and property are valued and respected , and innocent human life is protected .
Government should have this clear goal :
Where opportunity is absent , we must create it .
Where opportunity is limited , we must expand it .
Where opportunity is unequal , we must make it open to everyone .
Our Founders pledged their lives , their fortunes and their sacred honor to create this nation .
Now , we should pledge as Democrats , Republicans and Independents -- Americans all --- to work together to leave this nation a better place than we found it .
God Bless you , and God Bless our great nation .
Then , in the middle of the last decade , the metastasizing of gossip sites , tabloid shows , reality TV and celebrity overdoses put addiction , Pinsky ’s longtime specialty , at the center of the culture .
Alarmed by the tabloids ’ portrayal of addiction as yet another indulgence of the rich and famous , he decided to stage a media intervention on this latest misunderstood health crisis .
Working with independent producers , he approached VH1 with a proposal for a subversively authentic reality show , in which such common action - inducing tricks as sleep deprivation and free shots of liquor would be unnecessary .
Instead , it would follow actual substance - abusing celebrities ( as defined by cable ) through an actual detox in actual rehab .
“ It all stemmed from Drew , ” says Jeff Olde , VH1 ’s executive vice president of original programming and production .
Using the decade ’s most derided TV genre to combat its most high - profile illness required a mix of showbiz savvy and bona fide credentials few but its host could provide .
“ Dr. Drew is one of a relatively small number of psychiatric professionals who is both credible and 100 percent TV - friendly , ” says Michael Hirschorn , the former head of original programming at VH1 who gave the green light to “ Rehab ” in 2007 ( and for whom I worked at Spin in the late ’ 90s ) .
“ And he was willing to take all of the risks on himself , to say , ‘ I ’m gonna guarantee that this will be a legitimate and nonexploitative process . ’ ”
In 2008 , “ Celebrity Rehab ” made its debut , with a cast of derailed actors , porn stars , pro wrestlers and reality - TV veterans .
It was an immediate hit , prompting two more seasons and the spinoffs “ Sober House ” and “ Sex Rehab With Dr. Drew . ”
The show did n’t shy away from the tropes of train - wreck TV — the sobbing and fighting , the seizures and vomiting — but it still staked a claim to therapeutic value .
While Pinsky ’s methods were mainstream , his gentle confrontations with addicts in denial often provided the cat - and - mouse tension of a “ Law and Order ” cross-examination .
In an inspired cultural mash - up , “ Celebrity Rehab With Dr. Drew ” aligned reality TV ’s need for conflict and meltdowns with recovery ’s need for honesty , humility and group support .
And it pre-empted charges of intrusive voyeurism by appropriating the dictum “ You ’re as sick as your secrets . ”
With reality gimmicks like emo-rock cues , dramatic cutaways and chronologically remixed story lines , the show created dependable redemption arcs for its characters that helped distract the audience from the fact that the biggest celebrity on “ Celebrity Rehab ” was Dr. Drew .
Pinsky soon became the national face of addiction medicine , acquiring a mystique distinct from any other celebrity physician’s .
To the general public , “ he ’s sort of the god of 12 Step , ” says Duncan Roy , the 49 - year - old British writer - director and patient on the new “ Sex Rehab With Dr. Drew . ”
Roy ’s wit and maturity made him an unusual patient for a Dr. Drew show , and he would later write an article questioning Pinsky ’s expertise with sex addiction .
But shortly after “ Sex Rehab ” was shown , Roy joined Pinsky on a TV news program and found himself humbled by the doctor ’s mastery .
“ Sitting next to him , ” Roy says , he saw that “ he has an enormous power .
I mean , I ’m used to being interviewed but — God . ”
Capitalizing on what many saw as his genius for explaining America ’s psyche to itself , Pinsky began to focus on what he considered a bigger opponent , the disease that lay beneath them all : a toxic new form of narcissism , stoked by the media .
In his latest book , “ The Mirror Effect : How Celebrity Narcissism Is Seducing America , ” he diagnoses today ’s obsession with fame as a potential public health issue .
The book incorporates a 2006 study conducted by Pinsky and his co-author , S. Mark Young , in which they subjected 200 celebrities to a standard psychological test , the Narcissism Personality Inventory , and found that celebrities were 17 percent more narcissistic than the average person , reality - TV stars being worst of all .
Narcissistic celebrities are n’t exactly news , but this newer variety , according to Pinsky , is .
It has been bred for years by casting directors screening for what are known as “ Cluster B ” personalities , those prone to histrionics , aggression , hypersexuality , drug abuse — and auditioning for reality - TV shows .
This emerging strain of supernarcissism , Pinsky says , turns especially virulent in the world of social media , where young people , who are chasing an increasingly accessible kind of fame , begin to mirror the increasingly pathological behavior of their idols .
According to Pinsky , our fascination with these newer narcissistic role models may seem a mere guilty pleasure , but , he argues , it is a reflection of the deep , primal chord they strike within us , the desire to emulate and then destroy our icons .
It ’s a kind of envious compulsion that tabloids have fed for decades and that new media now intensify with fast , cheap dopamine - blasting hits at the click of a remote .
This , says Pinsky , is the real sickness , the American addiction .
So just as the intrepid epidemiologist flies to ebola - infested Yambuku , Pinsky has come to meet the monster where it lives .
At least that ’s the pitch .
“ Sometimes I think the patient I ’m treating is the culture , ” he told me .
But the addiction model of celebrity comes with its own baggage , especially in a patient population prone to the subtle thought distortions of a brain under the influence .
If , as Pinsky and Young write in “ The Mirror Effect , ” “ nothing demonstrates a celebrity ’s basic drive for attention more powerfully than a willingness to check one ’s dignity at the door , week after week , in front of millions of viewers , ” such a perspective casts a strange light on a program that gives these same people high doses of their drug of choice , week after week , in front of millions of viewers .
Addicts are known for the prodigious logic they supply for patently irrational behavior ; if the sickness of the culture is contagious , Pinsky , too , is at risk , and his mode of clinical outreach is potentially exploitation in denial .
Image From top : With Adam Carolla , ” Loveline , ” 1998 .
With Rodney King , Steven Adler and Jeff Conaway , “ Celebrity Rehab With Dr. Drew , ” 2008 .
With Jill Vermeire , a therapist and his counterpart on “ Sex Rehab With Dr. Drew , ” 2009 .
Credit ...
From top : Jeff Kravitz / Film Magic , via Getty Images ; VH - 1 ( 2
On the eighth day of “ Celebrity Rehab ” treatment , the new cast met with alumni from previous seasons , among them Rodney King , star of what might be coldly described as the most momentous reality - TV clip in history .
Seeing King chatting with celebs of utterly featherweight significance prompted me to put a few commonly asked questions to Pinsky .
Does n’t luring cast members with promises of money and exposure cast doubt on their commitment to sobriety ?
And does n’t broadcasting amid other hormone - and - booze - soaked reality shows undermine the show ’s supposedly dead - serious message ?
Pinsky had ready replies to both .
In an expected but significant move , Immigrations and Customs Enforcment ( ICE ) announced today that they would halt all deportations to Haiti in " response to the devastation caused by yesterday 's earthquake . "
The impoverished island nation was hit by a magnitude 7.0 earthquake 10 miles off its shore Tuesday evening .
The death toll is not known , though some Haitian officials say it could be in the hundreds of thousands .
More than 32,000 Haitians reside illegally in the US , according to a May 2009 story in the Boston Globe .
Haiti is the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere – 80 percent of the 9 million on the island live below the poverty line , according to the CIA World Factbook – and remittances are a primary source of foreign exchange and nearly a quarter of Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) .
After four hurricanes and major storms in 2008 , Haiti 's government asked the US to give its illegal immigrants Temporary Protected Status ( TPS ) , which would shield them from deportation and allow them to work legally .
Though images of Haitian ' boat people ' are fresh in the American memory , Haitians do not have a ' wet - foot dry - foot ' policy similar to Cubans , which eases their immigration to the US .
( Under US law , Cuban nationals who reach the US by boat and make it to land have the right to stay whether or not they have a visa . )
Speaking with reporters in Miami , Haitian - born Florida state rep .
Yolly Roberson said of Haitian immigrants long - standing desire to be granted TPS : " If there is ever a time for the federal government to consider granting Temporary Protected Status to Haitians , this is now .
This is not the time to send Haitians back to Haiti . ''
From Dr. Roger Pielke Sr .
E-mail Documentation Of The Successful Attempt By Thomas Karl Director Of the U.S. National Climate Data Center To Suppress Biases and Uncertainties In the Assessment Surface Temperature Trends
The release of the e-mails from Phil Jones further confirmed the attempts to suppress viewpoints of climate change issues , which conflict with the IPCC viewpoint .
In the example I present below , the issue is the robustness of the surface temperature trend record .
The three main groups that compile and analyze this information are NCDC ( directed by Tom Karl ) , GISS ( directed by Jim Hansen ) and CRU ( directed by Phil Jones ) .
In 2005 , as I document in
Pielke Sr. , Roger A. , 2005 : Public Comment on CCSP Report “ Temperature Trends in the Lower Atmosphere : Steps for Understanding and Reconciling Differences ” .
88 pp including appendices ,
strong arm tactics of the Editor of this report ( Tom Karl , Director of the US National Data Climate Center ) were used to remove information in the CCSP report which raised questions about the robustness of his ( and Jim Hansen ’s GISS and Phil Jones ’s CRU ) surface temperature data .
Phil Jones was a National Research Council panel member in a review of an interim draft of the CCSP report .
In my Public Comment , I provided e-mail documentation of how these questions were excluded .
At the time , my Public Comment did not receive much attention .
However , in light of the exposure of the inappropriate attempts to prevent the presentation of alternative viewpoints of climate science as seen in the Phil Jones e-mails , I am posting below text from several relevant e-mails ( the complete emails are in the Public Comment ) .
Since Tom Karl was evaluating his own group ’s surface temperature analysis , his conflict of interest is very clear .
E-mails
Subject : Chapter 6 : an alternative ?
[ email not for the faint hearted ? ]
Resent - From : CCSPTempTrendAuthors.NCDC@noaa.gov
Date : Wed , 10 Aug 2005 13:22:32 +0100
From : Thorne , Peter < peter.thorne@metoffice.gov.uk >
To : CCSPTempTrendAuthors.NCDC@noaa.gov
Dear all ,
Health warning :
This mail does not hold its punches as the youngest member of this panel I suppose that I have the most to lose through Chapter 6 in its current form in terms of future research career .
I also suspect that I am the most likely to run around making a pain in the proverbial of myself .
My apologies for that !
I ’ve tried over the past few weeks to help others in the Chapter 6 redrafting , but I really think that the structure we had just will not work .
Therefore I took the liberty of spending 3 hours this morning developing an alternative , which I attach .
I will caveat that David has looked at this , but the rationale and most of the text is my responsibility , not his ( in other words the buck stops here ) .
This is punchier , almost devoid of references ( actually not bothered with a reference list yet – there are limits ! ) , more tightly linked to the chapters , and contains fewer recommendations that are more focussed .
I believe unless I am seriously mistaken that these are all points
others have made over the recent past in relation to this chapter .
They also directly assess the NRC review comments .
very time we have put a redraft back in the past few weeks the same pet subjects have been re-inserted , lengthening the draft and destroying the flow .
I ’m sorry , but I for one am now utterly bored of this .
You will note in the attached there are comments where I suspect this insertion of pet subjects may happen , but , in my opinion , is not justified .
I have , however , been scrupulously fair in targeting surface and upper - air records in all sections in line with the balance of the rest
of this report and with Roger ’s concerns .
I would be particularly interested in thoughts from the editorial team and other CLAs as to whether they think this is an improvement .
My sincere apologies if this causes offence to Roger or anyone else .
My sole interest is in seeing us get an excellent report out .
I will now don my flame proof jacket , but please can everyone take the time to calmly consider this mail and the attachment first .
Peter
My suspicion is that Tom Karl encouraged or asked Peter Thorne to write this e-mail [ for a more recent comment on the poor professional ethics of Peter Thorne ; see ] .
Thorne only required 3 hours to write his version , as he wrote in his e-mail , while we had spent several months writing ours .
Tom Karl quickly followed up Thorne ’s e-mail with
Date : Wed , 10 Aug 2005 08:53:44 - 0400
From : Thomas R Karl < Thomas.R.Karl@noaa.gov >
To : Roger Pielke < pielke@atmos.colostate.edu >
Subject : [ Fwd : Chapter 6 : an alternative ?
[ email not for the faint
hearted ? ] ]
Roger — let me know what you think
Tom
However , I had not even seen what Tom Karl was talking about , which implies that this was discussed between Tom Karl and Peter Thorne beforehand .
I replied to Karl ’s e-mail with
Date : Wed , 10 Aug 2005 06:55:54 - 0600 ( MDT )
From : Roger Pielke < pielke@atmos.colostate.edu >
To : _NESDIS NCDC CCSP Temp Trends Lead Authors
< CCSPTempTrendAuthors.NCDC@noaa.gov >
Subject : Re : Chapter 6 : an alternative ?
[ email not for the faint hearted ? ]
Resent - Date : Wed , 10 Aug 2005 07:04:06 - 0600
Resent - From : CCSPTempTrendAuthors.NCDC@noaa.gov
Peter
Since I was not even sent a copy of this suggested revision , it would be appreciated if you did so I can comment .
Roger
I e-mailed the following to Peter Thorne
Peter
In order for us to track down the problem , please send us the e-mail as it actually bounced , so that we can use the tracking information that always appears on these .
Roger
Peter Thorne replied
Date : Thu , 11 Aug 2005 09:04:53 +0100
From : “ Thorne , Peter ” < peter.thorne@metoffice.gov.uk >
To : Roger Pielke < pielke@atmos.colostate.edu >
Cc : Thomas R Karl < Thomas.R.Karl@noaa.gov >
Subject : Email that bounced
Roger ,
I no longer have the bounced mail itself I ’m afraid , but I have the
saved DNS error message which is attached below [ DNS message is in Appendix C of my Public Comment ] :
Is it possible that your server machine was temporarily down or having a patch applied at this time ?
That could explain it .
For everyone else there was no bounce .
The clear suspicion is that I was deliberately left off .
If my e-mail bounced , why did not he resend it to me ?
Tom Peterson ( who was on the Committee also ; and the same Tom Peterson who ridiculed me in the Phil Jones e-mail collection ; see ) wrote
Date : Wed , 10 Aug 2005 09:05:52 - 0400
From : Thomas C Peterson < Thomas.C.Peterson@noaa.gov >
To : Roger Pielke < pielke@atmos.colostate.edu >
Subject : Re : Chapter 6 : an alternative ?
[ email not for the faint hearted ? ]
Roger , it was attached to Peter ’s email that went out to the whole team
earlier today .
Did you not get it ?
More e-mails followed , which are reproduced in Appendix C my Public Comment .
The question of whether they actually sent me the original e-mail was , of course , not the substantive problem with the process ( it just suggests they were communicating about this via e-mail and inadvertently left me off the final e-mail communication that disseminated Peter Thorne ’s draft .
The end of the e-mail exchange , which forced me to resign from the Committee , is clear in the text and tone of the e-mail below from Tom Karl
From the Entire Editorial Staff : Roger , please do not take this request lightly .
We politely ask you take Peter ’s version , since everyone so far has indicated it is easier to understand , balanced , and does better represent their views and indicate where you would differ ( small minorities views ok , but not desirable ) .
This would be your opportunity to highight specific issues or points that are not adequately addressed in the version that Peter has put out on the Table .
It seems you are representing yourself , at the expense of all the other authors who have weighed in on this .
We do not understand your intransigence on this .
In other words , since I would not acquiesce to the view of Tom Karl , with regards to the robustness of his surface temperature data and other issues , he was pressuring me to accept the replacement chapter which does not raise the issues with its robustness .
There was also no poll of the Commttee with respect to his claim that everyone accepted Peter Thorne ’s chapter , as I document in my Public Comment ) .
I replied
Tom
Lets accept that Peter ’s e-mail bounced .
As a primary person involved in Chapter 6 , as soon as this was found out , efforts should have been made to contact me , as it was clearly recognized by the header of the e-mail that this was going to result in a significant response .
In regards to the more serious issue , it is quite easy for me to document your intransigence on this , rather than you trying to spin the history of this issue so that it is my fault .
Peter is invited to contribute to the process in the defined framework as everyone else has , using the existing Chapter draft as the template .
It is clear from your published work that you have much to offer scientifically but you also have a conflict of interest , and , in my view , are inappropriately exercising it in your capacity as Editor .
By repeatedly stating that I am representing only myself in this debate mischaraterizes the diversity of views of others which exist in our community , and which is reported in the peer - reviewed literature
Using your words , I hope you and the Editorial Staff do not take this controversy lightly .
It is documentable that you are seeking to produce a document that is not balanced in its perspective on the issues of surface and tropospheric temperature changes .
I will continue to work on Chapter 6 , and look forward to resolving this by encouraging authors to work within the framework of the existing Chapter .
Roger
With a further response from Tom Karl
Roger ,
Thank you for your speedy reply .
Once again , “ We politely ask you take Peter ’s version …. to highlight specific issues or points that are not adequately addressed in the version that Peter has put out on the Table . ”
Tom , Bill , Chris and Susan
I then decided that the CCSP report process led by Tom Karl is not interested in assessing the science issue with the surface and tropospheric temperature data .
He wanted a rubber stamp of the robustness of his data analysis .
Here is my resignation e-mail which I then sent
Date : Sat , 13 Aug 2005 01:14:59 +0000
From : pielke_r@comcast.net
To : james.r.Mahoney@noaa.gov , james.r.Mahoney@noaa.gov
Cc : _NESDIS NCDC CCSP Temp Trends Lead Authors
< CCSPTempTrendAuthors.NCDC@noaa.gov > ; richard.moss@pnl.gov ,
< richard.moss@pnl.gov >
Subject : Resignation
Dear Dr. Mahoney
I am resigning effective immediately from the CCSP Committee “ Temperature Trends in the Lower Atmosphere - Steps for Understanding and Reconciling Differences ” .
For the reasons briefly summarized in my blog ( http://ccc.atmos.colostate.edu/blog/), I have given up seeking to promote a balanced presentation of the issue of assessing recent spatial and temporal surface and tropospheric temperature trends .
The NY Times article today was the last straw .
This entire exercise has been very disappointing , and , unfortunately is a direct result of having the same people write the assessment report as have completed the studies .
Their premature representation of aspects of the report to the media and in a Senate Hearing before we finalized the report has made me realize that , despite the claims of some of them to the contrary , only the minimal representation of the perspective that I represent will be begrudgingly included in the report .
I also learned earlier this week that a member of the Committee drafted a replacement chapter to the one that I had been responsible for and worked hard toward reaching a consensus , which was almost complete .
This sort of politicking has no place in a community assessment .
If such committees are put together with no intention of adequately accommodating minority , but scientifically valid perspectives , then it would be best in the future not to invite such participation on CCSP committees I will be submitting a statement as part of the public record when the report appears documenting the specific process and science issues I have with this report .
On the science issues , the community at large can made a decision as to whether or not they have merit .
Respectively
Roger A. Pielke Sr .
Professor and State Climatologist
Department of Atmospheric Science
Colorado State University Fort Collins , Colorado 80523-1371
phone:970-491-8293 / fax:970-491-3314
As a direct result of my inability to present issues associated with uncertainties and possible systematic biases with the surface temperature record , I invited a number colleagues to co-author a peer reviewed paper which raises these issues .
The peer reviewed paper appeared in 2007
Pielke Sr. , R.A. , C. Davey , D. Niyogi , S. Fall , J. Steinweg - Woods , K. Hubbard , X. Lin , M. Cai , Y.- K. Lim , H. Li , J. Nielsen - Gammon , K. Gallo , R. Hale , R. Mahmood , S. Foster , R.T. McNider , and P. Blanken , 2007 : Unresolved issues with the assessment of multi-decadal global land surface temperature trends .
J. Geophys .
Res. , 112 , D24S08 , doi:10.1029/2006JD008229 .
As of today ’s data , 4 years after the completion of the report , Tom Karl and his associates as NCDC continue to ignore these issues .
As Phil Jones wrote to Ben Santer and Tom Wigley in his August 22 2005 e-mail with respect to my resignation
” I almost missed the one with Pielke ’s resignation in .
Is this going to make your CCSP task easier or harder ?
Presumably now you ’ll get all his comments to officially deal with .
Maybe
you ’ll be able to ignore them ?
Cheers
Phil ”
[ from http://www.eastangliaemails.com/emails.php?eid=584&filename=1124742148.txt]
Phil Jones also wrote in an e-mail dated January 29 2009 , with respect to a Comment / Reply with respect to our 2007 JGR paper
> … He is a prat .
He ’s just had a response to a comment
> piece that David Parker , Tom Peterson and I wrote on a paper
> they had in 2007 .
Pielke would n’t understand independence if it
> hit him in the face .
Both papers in JGR online .
Not worth you
> reading them unless interested .
>
> Cheers
> Phil
> Prat
Where the Comment he is referring to is our JGR paper and the Comment / Reply that he was involved in .
The referees of the Comment / Reply supported the conclusions of our JGR paper ( see ) .
The issues of the conflict of interest illustrated by the sample of e-mails from Phil Jones , as well as the above e-mails from Tom Karl , illustrate the extent that this corruption of climate assessements has permeated climate science .
Here 's another reason to consider going the unlocked route with the Nexus One , in addition to having the AT&T ( non - 3G ) and international GSM option .
As a number of people have noticed , Google 's got its own Early Termination Fee ( ETF ) equivalent , here called the Equipment Recovery Fee , in the terms of sale , to the tune of $ 350 if you cancel within the first 120 days .
Sound familiar ?
It 's because we saw it in a leak just before the new year .
Here 's the kicker , though : this is in addition to any fees imposed by the carrier -- not necessarily a problem on its own , but we just glanced at T - Mobile 's terms of sale , and sure enough , there 's an associated ETF up to $ 200 .
If we 're reading this right , Nexus One owners who decide to end their service after the 14 - day trial period is over but before four months have passed will be hit with upwards of $ 550 in fees -- more than if you bought the phone outright from the start , especially when you factor in the upfront $ 180 .
There has n't been enough time for someone to tempt fate , but who knows -- come January 20th when early adopters ' trial period ends , there might be some interesting stories abound .
Comcast wants " clear rules " from the FCC when it comes to network management , and it wants them so badly that it 's even willing to accept network neutrality as the price of getting them .
What the huge ISP does not want is the kind of ambiguity that led to so much acrimony about its P2P blocking in 2008 , and which is now being hashed out in a DC courtroom .
Is that clear ?
In a blog post this week , Comcast executive vice president David Cohen took to the intarwebs to pledge his company 's " constructive participation " in the current net neutrality rulemaking process .
The company says it is serious about this effort after feeling burned by the FCC 's surprisingly enforceable " Internet policy statement " ( a document which said that it was not enforceable ) in 2008 .
Comcast wants the " black mark " of an FCC sanction removed from its record , and it is currently fighting in the DC Court of Appeals to overturn the FCC 's action against it .
Cohen does n't want net neutrality rules , and will still work to convince the FCC they are counterproductive .
" Broadband competition and consumer demand " will take care of any problems , he says ( an assertion that would appear to be demonstrably untrue in the 2008 BitTorrent blocking case , which needed FCC investigations to prompt change ) .
But Cohen can read walls , and he 's seen the writing on this one : FCC Chair Julius Genachowski is bent on some sort of net neutrality regulation .
" If that is the result , " Cohen says , " we are obviously better off having ' clear rules , ' as [ Comcast CEO ] Brian [ Roberts ] stated , than with the confusion of having the FCC try to enforce an unenforceable and vague ' policy statement . ' "
It ’s truly sad that the debate around “ net neutrality , ” or the need to regulate to “ preserve an open Internet , ” has been filled with so much rhetoric , vituperation , and confusion .
That ’s gone on long enough .
It is time to move on , and for the FCC to decide , in a clear and reasoned way , whether and what rules are needed to “ preserve an open Internet , ” and to whom they should apply and how .
In launching the rulemaking , the FCC said that greater clarity is required , and we agree .
All in " good faith "
Cohen 's post is also revealing for the picture it paints of the company .
Remember that BitTorrent interference with the TCP reset packets ?
Cohen twice refers to it as a simple " good faith " attempt to deal with congestion .
The company was shocked — shocked !— to find that people objected , or that the FCC decided to get involved .
Hopefully , the DC Appeals Court judges will " set the record straight and clear our name . "
David Cohen
Cohen is right that the FCC 's actions in the case merit scrutiny , and we look forward to the ruling from Comcast 's legal challenge .
But he 's certainly bathing the company in heavenly light here ; the repeated claims about simple " good faith " engineering decisions are a bit harder to swallow if you paid attention to the record actually generated by the Comcast proceeding .
It was Cohen who appeared at one of the FCC public hearings on the issue to tell the five commissioners that " what we are doing is a limited form of network management , objectively based upon an excessive bandwidth consumptive protocol during limit periods of network congestion . "
And again , " The company only applies this management during heavy periods of network traffic . "
Furthermore , " We only apply the technique in a limited geographic area , where that congestion exists . "
Finally , " If and when we delay a P2P upload , we only delay it until such time as the congestion alleviates , in which case it is honored . "
All this testimony can be summed up as : Hey , we only do this during periods of actual congestion !
Of course , you know what 's coming .
Cue FCC Chair Kevin Martin 's testimony to Congress :
Contrary to some claims , it does not appear that this technique was used only to occasionally delay traffic at particular nodes suffering from network congestion at that time .
Indeed , based on the testimony we have received thus far , this equipment is typically deployed over a wider geographic or system area and would therefore have impacted numerous nodes within a system simultaneously .
Moreover , the equipment apparently used does not appear to have the ability to know when an individual cable segment is congested .
It appears that this equipment blocks the uploads of at least a large portion of subscribers in that part of the network , regardless of the actual levels of congestion at that particular time .
Later , when the FCC Order sanctioning Comcast ( PDF ) finally appeared , it documented the several times that the company changes its story throughout the proceedings .
By the end , Comcast was finally admitting that its " current P2P management is triggered . . . regardless of the level of overall network congestion at th[e ] time , and regardless of the time of day . "
The changing explanations prompted FCC staff to include a footnote in the Order : " Comcast ’s statements in its comments and response to Free Press ’s complaint raise troubling questions about Comcast ’s candor during this proceeding . "
So , while the company has every right to seek its day in court over how the FCC acted , it 's disingenuous to talk about how " truly sad " one is that " the debate around ' net neutrality , ' or the need to regulate to ' preserve an open Internet , ' has been filled with so much rhetoric , vituperation , and confusion . "
There 's been plenty of " confusion " in the proceeding , but much of it has been emanating from Comcast HQ .
In any event , that 's all in the past !
" It is time to move on , " says Cohen , " and for the FCC to decide , in a clear and reasoned way , whether and what rules are needed to ' preserve an open Internet , ' and to whom they should apply and how . "
The initial comment period on the FCC 's net neutrality proposals ends in several days , so expect the typical rush of last - minute filings that carpet - bomb the agency with information .
This week 's issue looks at the most polarising figure in US politics today -- Sarah Palin .
In the week that she joined Fox News as a political commentator , Andrew Stephen reports from Washington on her rise and on the right - wing Tea Party movement she has inspired .
Elsewhere , Sarah Churchwell turns in a stinging review of Palin 's memoir , Going Rogue , and concludes : " Palin is a fan of free speech -- unless the speech criticises her . "
Back home , our political correspondent James Macintyre has an exclusive interview with the International Development Secretary , Douglas Alexander , who insists that despite press reports , he 's still on good terms with Gordon Brown .
But in a special diary for the NS Peter Watt stands by his claim that Alexander said of Brown : " We have always thought the longer the British public had to get to know him , the less they would like him as well . "
Elsewhere , John Pilger heralds a new global movement challenging Israel over war crimes in Gaza ; Isabel Hilton reports on rising tensions between India and China ; and Gaby Hinsliff looks at the downfall of Iris Robinson , " an unlikely latter - day Helen of Troy " .
In The Critics , Margaret Drabble explores Vincent Van Gogh 's haunting letters ; Ryan Gilbey is impressed by Hirokazu Kore - eda 's Still Walking ; and Will Self declares his love for Pizza Express .
UPDATE : Our cover has made it to the heady heights of the Daily Mail .
Its foreign service reports : " Sarah Palin has been portrayed as the devil -- with lipstick as horns -- on the cover of a left - wing British magazine . "
Follow the New Statesman team on Twitter
The world ’s largest unmet disability is poor vision , but partnering with Global Vision 2020 to end this global epidemic is simple .
Last year , Global Vision 2020 partnered with 4x4outfar , explore4 knowledge , and Wilderness Safaris on a humanitarian mission to rural Botswana .
The USee Vision Kit™ was used to provide prescription eyeglasses to hundreds of school children and staff .
The simplicity of the system , along with the training provided by the Global Vision 2020 team , allowed volunteers to provide prescription eyeglasses to people who normally do not have access to vision care .
The photos below show how easy the USee Vision Kit™ is to use — even in the most remote locations .
Learn more …
Forget the magazine editors & big label marketing budgets .
This is the best music from 2009 chosen by the most passionate music fans alive : music bloggers .
This Zeitgeist is not available on mobile .
Please open it in a desktop browser .
Op - Ed Contributors
Harsh lessons we may need to learn again By Joseph E. Stiglitz ( China Daily )
Updated : 2009-12-31 07:51
The best that can be said for 2009 is that it could have been worse , that we pulled back from the precipice on which we seemed to be perched in late 2008 , and that 2010 will almost surely be better for most countries around the world .
The world has also learned some valuable lessons , though at great cost both to current and future prosperity - costs that were unnecessarily high given that we should already have learned them .
The first lesson is that markets are not self - correcting .
Indeed , without adequate regulation , they are prone to excess .
In 2009 , we again saw why Adam Smith 's invisible hand often appeared invisible : it is not there .
The bankers ' pursuit of self - interest ( greed ) did not lead to the well - being of society ; it did not even serve their shareholders and bondholders well .
It certainly did not serve homeowners who are losing their homes , workers who have lost their jobs , retirees who have seen their retirement funds vanish , or taxpayers who paid hundreds of billions of dollars to bail out the banks .
Under the threat of a collapse of the entire system , the safety net - intended to help unfortunate individuals meet the exigencies of life - was generously extended to commercial banks , then to investment banks , insurance firms , auto companies , even car - loan companies .
Never has so much money been transferred from so many to so few .
We are accustomed to thinking of government transferring money from the well off to the poor .
Here it was the poor and average transferring money to the rich .
Already heavily burdened taxpayers saw their money - intended to help banks lend so that the economy could be revived - go to pay outsized bonuses and dividends .
Dividends are supposed to be a share of profits ; here it was simply a share of government largesse .
The justification was that bailing out the banks , however messily , would enable a resumption of lending .
That has not happened .
All that happened was that average taxpayers gave money to the very institutions that had been gouging them for years - through predatory lending , usurious credit - card interest rates , and non-transparent fees .
The bailout exposed deep hypocrisy all around .
Those who had preached fiscal restraint when it came to small welfare programs for the poor now clamored for the world 's largest welfare program .
Those who had argued for free market 's virtue of " transparency " ended up creating financial systems so opaque that banks could not make sense of their own balance sheets .
And then the government , too , was induced to engage in decreasingly transparent forms of bailout to cover up its largesse to the banks .
Those who had argued for " accountability " and " responsibility " now sought debt forgiveness for the financial sector .
The second important lesson involves understanding why markets often do not work the way they are meant to .
There are many reasons for market failures .
In this case , too - big - to - fail financial institutions had perverse incentives : if they gambled and succeeded , they walked off with the profits ; if they lost , the taxpayer would pay .
Moreover , when information is imperfect , markets often do not work well - and information imperfections are central in finance .
Externalities are pervasive : the failure of one bank imposed costs on others , and failures in the financial system imposed costs on taxpayers and workers all over the world .
The third lesson is that Keynesian policies do work .
Countries , like Australia , that implemented large , well - designed stimulus programs early emerged from the crisis faster .
Other countries succumbed to the old orthodoxy pushed by the financial wizards who got us into this mess in the first place .
Whenever an economy goes into recession , deficits appear , as tax revenues fall faster than expenditures .
The old orthodoxy held that one had to cut the deficit - raise taxes or cut expenditures - to " restore confidence . "
But those policies almost always reduced aggregate demand , pushed the economy into a deeper slump , and further undermined confidence - most recently when the International Monetary Fund insisted on them in East Asia in the 1990's .
The fourth lesson is that there is more to monetary policy than just fighting inflation .
Excessive focus on inflation meant that some central banks ignored what was happening to their financial markets .
The costs of mild inflation are miniscule compared to the costs imposed on economies when central banks allow asset bubbles to grow unchecked .
The fifth lesson is that not all innovation leads to a more efficient and productive economy - let alone a better society .
Private incentives matter , and if they are not well aligned with social returns , the result can be excessive risk taking , excessively shortsighted behavior , and distorted innovation .
For example , while the benefits of many of the financial - engineering innovations of recent years are hard to prove , let alone quantify , the costs associated with them - both economic and social - are apparent and enormous .
Indeed , financial engineering did not create products that would help ordinary citizens manage the simple risk of home ownership - with the consequence that millions have lost their homes , and millions more are likely to do so .
Instead , innovation was directed at perfecting the exploitation of those who are less educated , and at circumventing the regulations and accounting standards that were designed to make markets more efficient and stable .
As a result , financial markets , which are supposed to manage risk and allocate capital efficiently , created risk and misallocated wildly .
We will soon find out whether we have learned the lessons of this crisis any better than we should have learned the same lessons from previous crises .
Regrettably , unless the United States and other advanced industrial countries make much greater progress on financial - sector reforms in 2010 we may find ourselves faced with another opportunity to learn them .
The author is an Economics Nobel laureate and university professor at Columbia University .
He has many books , including Globalization and Its Discontents and The Roaring Nineties , to his credit .
His latest book , Freefall , will be published in January .
( China Daily 12/31/2009 page9 )
This guest post was submitted by Peter Fox -Penner , a leading expert on regulation at The Brattle Group .
The views expressed herein are those of the author alone .
At present , the debate among economists over whether our financial regulations should protect institutions on the basis that they are “ too big to fail ” ( TBTF ) still rages .
Like many other economists , I distrust the reasoning behind the TBTF justification and rue the fact that the measures taken to prop up the U.S. financial system have made the largest banks even larger , while small banks are failing at record levels .
In my first guest post I argued patchwork attempts to strengthen financial regulation without a “ clean sheet ” review were likely to be inadequate .
In this second post I look past short term bailouts and address the broader issue of establishing regulation of TBTF firms .
Policymakers are faced with challenge of establishing a large regulator that retains the specialized expertise needed to manage complex markets – specialization more often found in a network of smaller agencies .
To do so they will need to address the size and complexity of the financial sector itself .
As before , I turn to examples from the utility industry , specifically the establishment and repeal of the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935 ( PUHCA ) , that provide lessons for crafting regulation of complex industries .
There should be no question that any firm considered too big to fail must be regulated thoroughly and effectively .
This is unquestionably the $ 64 trillion question .
We cannot give an explicit or implicit government guarantee to rescue a private firm without whatever control is necessary to prevent moral hazard .
But what if the need to impose appropriate regulation itself becomes a limit on the allowable size or complexity of firms ?
In short , can a firm be too big to regulate ?
In any such discussion it is important first to distinguish between several dimensions of big .
The first dimension is the multiplicity of products and markets in which a company is involved .
In context , this means companies that operate in commercial and investment banking , trading , insurance , and dozens of other product lines that are all “ financial , ” but which have different attributes , externalities , and regulatory requirements .
Call this “ firm complexity ” .
“ Organizational complexity ” , the second dimension , tends to follow firm complexity , but it is n’t the same .
This dimension has to do with the number and diversity of business structures owned by a single parent company .
The larger and more varied the number of corporate entities owned or controlled by a single parent , the more layers of vertical ownership ; and the more complex the cross - ownership claims , the more complicated the structure .
The third and final dimension is “ structural bigness ” .
This is about having a large market share in a well - defined product and geographic market .
This is the traditional meaning of big in the industrial organization field of economics .
It is bigness within a market , or market dominance .
For most financial ( as well as non-financial ) products , structural bigness is policed by competition ( antitrust ) laws .
( The insurance industry has enjoyed an antitrust exemption that Congress is now reconsidering . )
Because I assume these laws will continue to be enforced , I assume structural bigness is not a factor in making a firm too big to regulate .
For the other two dimensions of bigness , product and organizational complexity , it ’s a different story .
In a nutshell , when the range of one firm ’s market and organizational activities grows too large , it often becomes politically or administratively impossible to do a good job regulating it , whatever the particular tools and processes regulators use .
Firm complexity challenges regulation because it requires regulatory agencies with enormous resources to understand the linkages between extremely different financial product markets .
To regulate a firm engaged in insurance , banking , investment banking , trading , and other products , a single regulatory agency will have to possess an unbelievably broad range of skills , tools , and resources .
This is not to deny that there is a careful balance to be struck between too much and too little regulatory overlap , acknowledging sometimes conflicting problems such as regulatory capture and forum shopping .
It is politically unimaginable that the U.S. would ever establish a single financial sector super - regulator ( an outcome far beyond the Fed getting the job of policing systematic risk ) .
However , if we will rely on multiple specialized agencies to police one market at a time , then we have the current patchwork quilt that never allows narrowly specialized regulators to see the linkages between markets .
It also encourages firms to create products that fall in the cracks between agency jurisdictions and that no agency understands well enough to monitor .
Placing limits on the number of markets a firm can operate in may reduce synergies and scale economies , but there should be no argument that it makes regulation far more likely to succeed .
For purely practical reasons , organizational complexity also makes regulation ineffective .
As businesses get successively more complex and varied business structures , the ability of regulatory agencies to understand the company ’s financial position simply fades away .
It is well - documented , for example , that Enron built a financial structure so complex that regulators could never understand what it was up to , even following its downfall .
To cite one example , when the investigative staff of the U.S. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ( FERC ) was directed to look into Enron ’s electricity trading practices , here ’s what they had to contend with :
The complexity of the issues confronting Staff and the agencies cooperating with the Commission is such that more time would be required to fully understand Enron ’s and other market participants ’ activities in the energy markets .
For example , we spent a considerable amount of time analyzing Enron ’s massive information technology ( IT ) systems that were used to harness information and use such information for Enron ’s advantage .
In short , the IT systems were functionally equivalent to the IT systems of a national trading exchange , e.g. , a stock exchange , coupled with the credit and risk systems of a large national bank , and linked to a large telecom company .
The IT systems were designed to keep transactional data , such as a telecom IT system much do with telephone service customers such as customer service , billing , scheduling , and provisioning , but also link it to a sophisticated , on - line trading platform , and calculate the credit and risk exposure of each transaction .
Because Enron traded 1700 different products on - line around the world , the trading had to be linked together in a secure manner .
Although Staff has focused its energies on relevant data , the size of the task is enormous .
For example , as described herein , Staff is now reviewing approximately 1.8 terabytes ( TB ) of data , which is equivalent to the amount of data produced by a large telecom company .
In addition , because the data had to be easily accessible to Enron employees , we are also reviewing nearly 1,000 spreadsheets that were populated with data from the IT systems .
The spreadsheets were approximately 40 megabytes ( MB ) each and dozens were created daily . [ i ]
Fortunately for the FERC , its objectives in the investigations were confined to Enron ’s role in the Western power crisis of 2000 - 2001 .
No full accounting of Enron ’s actions was sought , and none has yet been produced .
The question of the size and institutional division of the analytic resources needed to properly regulate financial markets was the subject of my prior guest post .
In this area , it is interesting that a National Institute of Finance has been proposed to create an independent body of expertise usable by regulators .
Other regulated industries have this , such as the National Regulatory Research Institute , the Institute of Public Utilities at Michigan State University ( MSU ) , and the Regulatory Assistance Project for energy regulators .
Structural Limits in the Utility Industry
The energy utility industry has struggled to find the right balance between enabling effective regulation and allowing market and organizational complexity .
Starting in the late 1880s , municipalities and small industrial firms began installing electric systems that were seldom larger than a handful of plants and lines .
In the first part of the 20th century , industrial titans like J.P. Morgan and Samuel Insull did what we would now call a roll - up : they purchased dozens of small systems and assembled them into massive holding companies .
Although most of the local subsidiaries of these utilities had rates set by state or local regulators , these agencies could not understand or control enormous multistate holding companies .
With massive , complicated holding companies , regulators could not determine the true cost of serving customers and therefore could not determine the true cost of serving customers and therefore could not set good cost - based rates .
Complexity gave holding companies the tools to overleverage their companies , mislead investors and regulators , overcharge regulated , captive customers and subsidize unregulated lines of business .
Following the ’ 29 crash , Congress asked the U.S. Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) to investigate the financial practices of utility holding companies .
The 101 - volume FTC report found 19 categories of financial misdeeds , including :
. . . the issuance of securities to the public that were based on unsound asset values or on paper profits from intercompany transactions ; the extension of holding company ownership to disparate , nonintegrated operating utilities throughout the country without regard to economic efficiency or coordination of management ; the mismanagement and exploitation of operating subsidiaries of holding companies through excessive service charges , excessive common stock dividends , upstream loads and an excessive proportion of senior securities ; and the use of the holding company to evade state regulation . [ ii ]
In what one historian called “ the most bitter legislative battle of Roosevelt ’s first term , ” Congress passed the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935 , known as PUHCA .
PUHCA essentially banned complex financial holding company structures for utilities , gave the new Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) authority to approve utility mergers and security issuances , and made it extremely hard for utilities to buy or engage in non-utility lines of business .
Drawing on the notion that utilities had large scale efficiencies , but only if systems were physically connected , it also required that all mergers between utilities created integrated systems .
These strong restrictions were based on a consensus that it was simply not realistic to try and regulate the rates and securities of extremely complicated holding company structures .
It was “ the very heart of the title , ” said the Senate Report accompanying PUHCA , to “ simply … provide a mechanism to create conditions under which effective Federal and State regulation will be possible . ” [ iii ]
Over the next 11 years , under federal supervision , the large holding companies were slowly divided and sold .
Although it is likely that the utility industry lost some efficiencies from the bright - line prohibitions introduced by PUHCA , there is little question that increases in efficiency continued .
Over the fifty years following the passage of the Act , the industry grew by a factor of 100 , the average power plant grew more efficient by a factor of five , and pollutant emissions ( other than CO2 ) declined by a factor of 10,000 .
Real electricity rates dropped nearly continuously throughout the period .
And if the industry was missing scale economies , this was surely more the case in the third of the industry that was publicly owned or a cooperative , where are still nearly 3,000 separate systems , as opposed to only about 140 investor - owned firms .
Many a utility CEO loathed the shackles PUHCA put in place .
Utilities with interstate operations could rarely get permission to diversify into non-utility businesses , thus hampering shareholder growth .
Utilities that did not cross state lines were exempt from PUHCA , and these intrastate firms often dabbled in insurance , real estate development , fuel production , and other non-utility lines of business .
From this experience , we have something of a laboratory comparing utilities allowed to diversify and utilities that were not .
I think it is a fair to say that the utility economics literature has not found large gains in new product synergies where PUHCA was not binding .
Utilities inside a single state went through a wave of diversification in the 1970s , were largely unsuccessful , and have since primarily abandoned non-utility businesses .
It could not have been costless , but PUHCA appeared to have its intended effect , making regulation relatively simple , practical and effective until the late 1970s .
PUHCA Repeal
As deregulation of utilities ( along with financial markets ) gained currency in the 1980s , the industry pushed to repeal what it felt was an aging and unnecessary statute .
The arguments for repeal were good .
Financial regulation was far more comprehensive and seasoned by the 1990s than it was in 1935 , with almost no one seeing the decay in its effectiveness now so apparent .
Federal and state utility regulation was also now far more accomplished .
Most of all , the requirement for physical integration made no sense in an industry that was intentionally de-integrating in order to introduce competition in parts of the sector .
The economic structure of the industry was at odds with the Act .
PUHCA was repealed in the 1992 energy bill , but many of its provisions , meant to protect against excessively complex utilities , were essentially transferred to the FERC and state regulators from the SEC .
Federal and state regulators were guaranteed access to utility holding companies ’ books and records , and the FERC cannot allow a merger that impairs the effectiveness of state regulation .
Many state regulators discourage their regulated utilities from engaging in non-utility lines of business , and nearly all of them require a separation between non-utility and utility assets so that losses in unregulated lines of business do n’t affect the financial viability or rates of the regulated part of the firm .
For a recent example , see this press release regarding the recent EDF - Constellation deal .
Technically , the removal of the physical integration requirement and other industry changes have enabled mergers and acquisitions .
Between 1993 and 2007 [ iv ] there was a wave of utility mergers , with 84 U.S. to U.S. combinations completed and a handful of acquisition of U.S. utilities by foreign companies .
Warren Buffet ’s holding company has purchased one utility , the Texas Pacific private equity firm recently purchased the former Texas Utilities Company , and several foreign utility holding companies now own state - regulated U.S. firms .
Ownership of deregulated power generators is even more diverse .
Nonetheless , there are still strong limits on trades between utilities and non-regulated subsidiaries in a single holding company .
State and federal regulators require that the regulated entity .
And lately , the pace of utility mergers and acquisitions has slowed to a crawl .
Many in the industry believe that this is because state regulators are starting to once again feel that utilities were becoming too big to regulate .
Relevance to Financial Regulation
Regulation of the financial sector is a vastly more complex problem than regulating electric or gas utilities .
There are dozens of products deeply interconnected in several different ways in a geographically global system .
It is clear this complex , interconnected system needs far better regulation than it has today .
Many of the financial regulatory reforms under discussion involve limits on “ bigness ” as I have defined it .
The Baseline Scenario has long been a strong voice for limiting bank size based roughly on overall systemic risk ; more recently , the idea seems to have been embraced by Mssrs.
Volker , Greenspan , and Soros ; ( Two of my Brattle Group colleagues , George Oldfield and Michael Cragg , have also voiced this view .
See “ Life Boats for the Banks –Let the Holding Companies Swim , ” in The Economists ’ Voice . ) .
Still others call for no absolute size limits , but rather higher capital requirements the larger and riskier the institution .
Chairman Bernanke , for example , calls for an approach that preserves “ the economic benefit of multi-function , international [ financial ] firms . ”
Among these bigness policies , Mervyn King ’s ( and others ’ ) proposal to separate commercial and investment banking ( so - called utility and non-utility banks ) , comes closest to the policies that guide energy utility regulation today .
Under King ’s proposal , commercial banks would be limited in the amount of risk they could take on and would receive protection against failure , while investment banks would have fewer constraints on risk but would receive no survival guarantee
While this is analogous to energy utility regulation , and may be a good idea for financial regulatory reform , it can not be a complete solution .
Even with good separation of “ boring ” and “ non-boring ” banks , ( somewhat different ) regulation will be necessary for both types of firms , and close coordination will be necessary for all financial regulators .
In addition to limits on “ boring ” banks , it may be necessary to limit , or at least oversee , the riskiness or size of “ non- boring ” financial entities , however they are defined .
Vexing questions regarding the need for transparency , common clearing platforms , and position limits , in all financial product markets , remain .
( See these comments from David Brooks , Sophia Grene , Brooke Masters , and Gillian Tett .
The interconnections between disparate financial products and markets and the need for overall prudential regulation creates an extremely complex tradeoff between multiple regulators who have the resources to specialize — and can serve as checks on each other — and the danger of missing the big picture or letting new markets and risks develop in the cracks between their jurisdictions .
In this context , limits on firm size and complexity help by lowering the difficulty of assessing risks and policing activities within a single sprawling firm , in addition to reducing systematic risk .
One has to wonder at passages like this in the Financial Times :
Then there is the idea of obliging the biggest , most complex banks to draw up “ living wills ” – certificates that would lay out a blueprint for how a bank should be wound up in the event it should fail , perhaps forcing it to ring - fence certain operations , such as its retail and investment banking , in separate subsidiaries .
Regulators are determined the chaos that followed the collapse of Lehman Brothers a year ago should not be repeated .
It has yet to be decided what form a living will should take , but the very notion has many banks up in arms that they will have to spend months , even years , untangling the complex corporate structures they have evolved both to comply with local regulations and to maximize the tax efficiencies . [
v ]
If the banks that have complete self - knowledge and control will take years to simplify their own structures , how will regulators do it during a crisis ?
In short , limits on the complexity and product offerings of commercial banks may well be an essential part of the solution , but it is nowhere near the entire solution .
By Peter Fox - Penner
Notes
[ i ]
See “ Initial Report on Company - Specific Separate Proceedings and General Reevaluations ; Published Natural Gas Price Data ; and Enron Trading Strategies . ”
Docket No. PA02-2-000 , Federal Energy Regulatory Commission , August 2002 , p. 9 .
[ ii ] “ The Regulation of Public - Utilities Holding Companies . ” Division of Investment Management , U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission , June 1995 , p. 3 .
[ iii ] Ibid , p. 9 .
[ iv ] “ EEI 2008 Financial Review , ” The Edison Electric Foundation , 2008 , p. 45 .
[ v ] See Patrick Jenkins , “ Banking on the Future , ” The Financial Times , Future of Finance Section , October 19 , 2009 .
DAVOS , Switzerland —
Not so long ago , financiers ruled the roost at the glitzy annual gathering of the global economic elite here in the Swiss Alps .
At this year 's gathering of the World Economic Forum , the unofficial theme seems to be , " First , kill all the bankers . "
The ire directed at bankers from all sides is palpable , acknowledged Donald Moore , chairman of Morgan Stanley in Europe , as he stood alone reading some charts amidst the hubbub at the forum 's Global Village cafe .
Asked which other groups of people have been similarly ...
Funny stuff
The Rules Of Metal
If you want to be a TRUE metalhead , you should read each of these at least 5 times and memorize them word by word .
Follow these simple rules and no one will dare to call you a poser anymore !
Just like many categories of people , I ’ve recently been ( insistently ) offered a free flu shot .
I said no .
Without going into the reasons that determined me to do this , let ’s look at what would determine the average bacteria to do the same thing , at least according to Tel Aviv University bacteria expert Prof. Eshel Ben-Jacob .
Bacteria have inhabited this planet for some 4 billion years before we did , and they ’ll probably be here long after we ’re gone .
At the very least , it ’s safe to say we have something to learn from them ; and if you ’d look at them carefully , you ’ll find that the average bacteria would just say no to the swine flu vaccine .
In his latest research , professor Ben-Jacob studies the decision - making process of bacteria as analogue to game theory and creates a truly fascinating model to support his case .
“ Unlike our health authorities , bacteria would never panic , ” he says .
“ Bacteria do n’t follow the media or watch cable news .
Instead , they send chemical messages to each other –– in a colony 100 times larger than the earth ’s human population –– to make their decisions .
And based on what we ’ve seen in bacterial colonies , I know they would be suspicious committing to swine flu shots .
They would n’t opt for a colony wide vaccination , ” Prof . Ben Jacob concludes .
His research , done in collaboration with Dr. Daniel Schultz , a postdoctoral fellow at TAU , and Profs .
José Onuchic and Peter Wolynes at the University of California / San Diego looks at a variety of things we can learn from these microscopic creatures , such as a way to deal better with health related mass emergencies or giving investors some clues as to how to deal with the stock portfolio ( which we ’re not gonna go into here ) .
ADVERTISEMENT
It ’s a well known fact by now that bacteria ‘ communicate ’ via chemical signals , but the above mentioned scientists found that they reach a common decision in very sophisticated ways , using a network of chemical signals , proteins and genes to calculate odds , just like in the game theory .
Basically , when put in a life or death situation , the bacteria use more advanced tactics than previously thought ; they do n’t use the prisoner ’s dilemma ( in case you do n’t know : two prisoners are given the choice to betray each other or remain silent .
If one betrays the other and the other remains silent , the betrayer goes free and the other one gets 10 years in prison .
If they both remain silent , they both get just 1 year of prison ; and if they both betray , they both get 5 years in prison .
Of course they are n’t allowed to speak to one another .
The temptation would be of course to betray and not risk 10 years in jail , but you could get 4 extra years , it all depends on how you mentally collaborate with your fellow prisoner ) .
When it comes to bacteria , there are not two put in the approximate situation , but rather two hundred billions that have to decide whether to all turn into spores or not .
Each has to decide whether to participate in this or not , and tell the other what they will do .
In real ( bacteria ) life , there ’s also a clock ticking , so the decision has to be taken quickly .
The thing about them is that they do n’t lie… usually .
Prof .
Ben Jacob explains that the ones with a bigger chance of surviving wo n’t cheat to postpone the decision of the others .
The model they elaborated analyzes how they calculate the risks that naturally come with either decision .
Though it ’s a bit of a stretch , mankind could be put in the situation of the prisoner ’s dilemma ; on one hand , you could think that if everybody ( or almost everybody , at least with a high infection risk ) takes the vaccine ( which , in my humble opinion , is impossible ) the virus will be wiped out or contained easily and then eradicated .
But perhaps it ’s better not to take it , because if everybody takes it , it will be wiped out before it reaches me , and I ’m free from the risks that come with such a vaccine .
“ The simple rule we learned from bacteria is that anybody who has to make an important decision — especially one of life and death at times of stress — should wait to see the trend of changes , process the risks and odds in depth , and only then decide , ” says Prof.
Ben -Jacob .
He imagines what a bacteria would say if you asked it about the flu shot :
ADVERTISEMENT
Dirt can be good for children , say scientists
Messy play should be encouraged , according to the hygiene hypothesis Children should be allowed to get dirty , according to scientists who have found being too clean can impair the skin 's ability to heal .
Normal bacteria living on the skin trigger a pathway that helps prevent inflammation when we get hurt , the US team discovered .
The bugs dampen down overactive immune responses that can cause cuts and grazes to swell , they say .
Their work is published in the online edition of Nature Medicine .
Experts said the findings provided an explanation for the " hygiene hypothesis " , which holds that exposure to germs during early childhood primes the body against allergies .
Many believe our obsession with cleanliness is to blame for the recent boom in allergies in developed countries .
' Good ' bacteria Researchers from the School of Medicine at University of California , San Diego , found a common bacterial species , known as Staphylococci , blocked a vital step in a cascade of events that led to inflammation .
Rates of allergy have tripled in the UK in the last decade .
One in three people now has some kind of allergy
A spokeswoman for Allergy UK
By studying mice and human cells , they found the harmless bacteria did this by making a molecule called lipoteichoic acid or LTA , which acted on keratinocytes - the main cell types found in the outer layer of the skin .
The LTA keeps the keratinocytes in check , stopping them from mounting an aggressive inflammatory response .
Head of the research Professor Richard Gallo said : " The exciting implication of the work is that it provides a molecular basis to understand the hygiene hypothesis and has uncovered elements of the wound repair response that were previously unknown .
" This may help us devise new therapeutic approaches for inflammatory skin diseases . "
The lobby group Parents Outloud said the work offered scientific support for its campaign to stop children being mollycoddled and over - sanitised .
A spokeswoman for Allergy UK said there was a growing body of evidence that exposure to germs was a good thing .
But she said more research was needed .
" Rates of allergy have tripled in the UK in the last decade .
One in three people now has some kind of allergy .
" Some of this might be that people are better informed .
But a lot of it is genetic as well as down to our environment , " she said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
First , because of so - called moderate Senators like Lieberman , liberal Senators compromised on a Medicare plus 5 % public option down to one with negotiated rates , and were willing to entertain stupid policy ideas such as state - based exchanges , state - based pilot public programs , state - based co-ops , the OPM private exchange within an exchange of private insurers in which Blue Cross Blue Shield would likely be " competing " against other Blue Cross Blue Shield plans and other insurers , and now down to the Medicare buy - in .
Which Senator Lieberman rejected after first giving it his support .
He 's been stringing Democrats in the Senate all along with the help of other conservative Democrats .
He and Senator Ben Nelson have their own ransom demands , such as restrictive abortion language that goes far beyond Hyde amendment , and here 's what Lieberman said below with his ransom demands :
On Sunday , Lieberman said on CBS ’s “ Face the Nation ” that the Senate could pass a bill this week if Democrats agreed to take “ a few things out of the bill , ” including the Medicare expansion and public option .
“ It does n’t take much more than that , ” he said .
Lieberman ’s road map to success entails giving in to almost all the moderates ’ demands — a scenario that would infuriate liberals .
That means that Senator Lieberman only has one goal in mind --- to make sure insurance companies get what they want -- a mandated bailout thanks to our bodies feeding them in their golden trough and subsidies from our taxpayer dollars as well .
We 've seen loopholes appear in the bill such as the annual limit on insurance policies which goes against President Obama 's promises to American voters , and now comes the news that there 's another massive loophole in the Senate bill :
Another problem with the Senate bill is that it does n’t plug a loophole that a lot of junk insurance plans use : not counting deductibles or co-payments for doctor ’s visits or prescription drug payments toward a plan ’s annual out - of - pocket maximum .
That can be a catastrophe for people who are seriously ill .
And it ’s one of the things we recommended legislators fix .
The Senate bill does say that the stingiest plans must cap consumer ’s out - of - pocket payments at around $ 6,000 ( at least in the first year after reform goes into effect ; the cap could go up in succeeding years based on inflation ) .
But it fails to specify that ALL out - of - pocket expenses -- deductibles , coinsurance , co-payments , and similar charges - - would count against that out - of - pocket - maximum .
The House bill does .
It ’s not too late for the Senate to follow suit .
Jon Walker also pointed out the similar pattern of Democrats giving in to the conservaDems ' demands and there are two paths left to us --- the nuclear filibuster and reconciliation .
This pattern has been repeated for like the tenth time .
Liberals in Congress create a “ compromise , ” their supposedly left - wing media apologists rush to say how great it is , and the conservative Democrats move the football again .
No one should be surprised by the rapid death of the Medicare buy in idea .
It seems the only choice left for progressives in Congress is reconciliation or the nuclear option .
Joe Lieberman , Blanche Lincoln , and Ben Nelson have so completely gutted the bill that there is almost nothing of value remaining in it .
The few remaining pieces worth passing are quickly being picked apart at the request of industry lobbyists .
What is remains is only one of the biggest corporate give - aways in history .
There 's also a third path .
That means giving into what Senator Lieberman and other conservaDems want .
Strip the Medicare buy - in , the triggered public option , and other provisions like the CLASS Act which was Senator Kennedy 's last huge legislative work , and that ensures their vote for the passage of the Senate bill that 's riddled with loopholes like the annual limit , the out - of - pocket costs , a weak high - risk pool , and has an individual mandate to buy private insurance with subsidies .
We can't let a bad bill like that be ping - ponged to progressives in the House without a conference process .
It 'd be the wrong thing for the Democratic leadership to do in getting their Christmas PR photo op .
They only have themselves to blame for enabling Lieberman and conservative Democrats in their obstruction of the legislative process .
It 's why we 're taking the step of calling out Senator Lieberman 's actions through his wife , who also lobbies in the health industry , and nyceve has her petition up in her diary , so please sign that if you can !
I 'll end this with my thought ---" F** K You , Senator Lieberman ! "
MAJOR UPDATE : WHITE HOUSE TO TELL REID TO CUT DEAL WITH LIEBERMAN !
http://www.politico.com/...
W.H. to Reid : Cut deal with Lieberman The White House is encouraging Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) to cut a deal with Sen. Joe Lieberman ( I - Conn . ) and eliminate the proposed Medicare expansion in the health reform bill , according to an official close to the negotiations .
But Reid is described as so frustrated with Lieberman that he is not ready to sacrifice a key element of the health care bill , and first wants to see the Congressional Budget Office cost analysis of the Medicare buy - in .
The analysis is expected early this week .
" There is a weariness and a lot of frustration that one person is holding up the will of 59 others , " the official said .
“ There is still too much anger and confusion at one particular senator ’s reversal . ”
Lieberman threw health care reform into doubt Sunday when he told Reid that he would filibuster the bill if it allowed Americans ages 55 to 64 to purchase coverage in Medicare .
His comments on CBS ’s “ Face the Nation ” set off a series of private meetings Sunday between the Senate leadership and top White House aides , including Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel , who encouraged Reid to cut the deal with Lieberman , the official said .
The White House declined to comment .
UPDATE 2 : WH Press Secretary Gibbs ' quote on the story :
Can Gibbs confirm POLITICO 's report that the White House wants to cut a deal with Lieberman ?
" The president is anxious to see progress and will continue to work with Democrats and Republicans and independents and everyone in between , " Gibbs says .
And with another exchange on the bankers , that 's all .
( 2:29 p.m . )
UPDATE 3 : WH Spokesman Dan Pfeiffer On Politico Story :
The White House denies the charge .
Spokesman Dan Pfeiffer tells TPMDC , " The report is inaccurate .
The White House is not pushing Senator Reid in any direction .
We are working hand in hand with the Senate Leadership to work through the various issues and pass health reform as soon as possible . "
UPDATE 4 : This story has been confirmed by mcjoan , and is credible according to her source involved with the Senate negotiations .
Politico is reporting , and a source familiar with the Senate Gang of Ten negotiations has confirmed for me , that the White House has told Reid to cut a deal with Lieberman .
The White House is encouraging Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) to cut a deal with Sen. Joe Lieberman ( I - Conn . ) and eliminate the proposed Medicare expansion in the health reform bill , according to an official close to the negotiations .
But Reid is described as so frustrated with Lieberman that he is not ready to sacrifice a key element of the health care bill , and first wants to see the Congressional Budget Office cost analysis of the Medicare buy - in .
The analysis is expected early this week .
" There is a weariness and a lot of frustration that one person is holding up the will of 59 others , " the official said .
" There is still too much anger and confusion at one particular senator ’s reversal . "
Remember that Reid invited Lieberman to be a part of those Gang of Ten negotiations , and that Lieberman punked Reid by telling him that he was open to a Medicare buy - in .
What 's more , according to my source , Lieberman had staff in the Gang of 10 negotiations and they never raised objections on the part of their boss to the compromise .
UPDATE 5 : Did The Medicare Expansion Proposal Originate With Lieberman In Early September ?
David Dayden at FDL reports on this and included a video of Lieberman on his support for the Medicare buy - in program in early September :
My proposals were to basically expand the existing successful public health insurance programs Medicare and Medicaid .
In the case of Medicaid , to allow people who were above the eligibility level to buy into the Medicaid system , under the theory that it would be up to a certain income level , under the theory that they would buy into it at less than the market rate of health insurance .
When it came to Medicare I was very focused on a group — post 50 , maybe more like post 55 .
People who have retired early , or unfortunately have been laid off early , who lose their health insurance and they ’re too young to qualify for Medicare .
What I was proposing was that they have an option to buy into Medicare early and again on the premise that that would be less expensive than the enormous cost .
If you ’re 55 or 60 and you ’re without health insurance and you go in to try to buy it , because you ’re older , although to me still young and vital , you ’re rated as a risk so you pay a lot of money .
UPDATE 6 : TNR's Jonathan Cohn confirms the Politico story with their own sources .
Jonathan says that the leak came from Rahm Emmanuel .
http://www.tnr.com/...
Politico's Carrie Budoff Brown is reporting that the White House is encouraging Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to cut a deal with Joe Lieberman .
The White House is denying the report , in fairly strong terms : " The White House is not pushing Senator Reid in any direction , " spokesman Dan Pfeiffer says .
" We are working hand in hand with the Senate Leadership to work through the various issues and pass health reform as soon as possible . "
But one of TNR's Capitol Hill sources is saying the same thing that Politico 's is .
According to the source , the message came directly from Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel : Lose the Medicare buy - in , reach an accommodation with Lieberman , and pass legislation as soon as possible .
UPDATE 7 : It looks like the Medicare buy - in deal is dead thanks to Lieberman .
Sen .
Tom Harkin ( D - IA ) just walked walked into the Democrats all - important caucus meeting tonight sounding defeatest about the chance that a Medicare buy - in or public option trigger will survive Sen.
Joe Lieberman 's ( I - CT ) decision to block the compromises this weekend .
Asked by a reporter if the Medicare buy - in will be pulled out , Harkin said " looks that way , " before praising a Democratic health care bill without the two public option compromises .
" There 's enough good in this bill that even without those two , we gotta move , " he said .
" All the insurance reforms , all the stuff we wrote so hard for prevention and wellness in there , the workforce development issues that we have in there , the reimbursement based on quality not on quantity -- there 's good stuff in this bill .
It 's a giant step forward , changing the paradigm of health care in America . "
UPDATE 8 : WH and Senator Reid CAVE INTO Lieberman 's Ransom Demands :
I spent last week with my wife and her family in Poland ( my wife is Polish ) .
Her parents do not speak English , or any other language than Polish so communication is problematic beyond the thank you , you ’re welcome , yes and no thank yous .
My wife also spends a lot of time meeting with her friends , so I typically spend quite some time staring at the wall among people who are speaking a language I do not know well enough yet .
So , recently I ’ve been coming up with little one - week programming projects for the weeks we spend there .
These projects do not have to lead to anything in particular , but give me a good amount of time to take a deep dive into something I do not ordinarily have time for .
Last week my project was building a web application and framework with Clojure and MongoDB .
I already had a plan for a web application in mind before , and already read up on Clojure ( through the excellent Programming Clojure book ) and played with it a little bit .
I have also been interested in non-relational databases for quite some time and before have played with Google AppEngine ’s DataStore and CouchDB .
Similar to CouchDB , MongoDB is a document - oriented database , but it has more “ conventional ” querying methods than CouchDB , still not SQL though .
For a week on - and - off I went to work .
There were basically two components to this project , first getting to know MongoDB and second learning to build a nice internal DSL in a functional language , specifically , a lisp ( I never seriously learned a Lisp before , only supervised practical sessions for a class using Scheme ) .
As a case study I came up with a nice not - too - complicated web application to build .
I wo n’t go into that application in this post , it ’s still secret ( wooh ! ) .
Alright .
MongoDB is written in C++ and has readily compiled binaries for most platforms available and very easy to install ( simply extract and run ) .
It is known for its good performance and used by many companies , including Sourceforge and Disqus ( the comment system I use on this website ) .
After starting the server , the easiest way to start interacting with the system is the mongo javascript console .
Let me demonstrate it by simply showing you a sequence of commands ( prefixed with >) and outputs :
> use people
switched to db people
> db.Person.save ( {name : “ Zef Hemel ” , age : 26} )
> db.Person.save( {name : “ Justyna Hemel ” , age : 26} )
> db.Person.find ()
{ “_id ” : ObjectId ( “ 4b3b51c24905573d69b9bd67 ” ) , “ name ” : “ Zef Hemel ” , “ age ” : 26}
{ “_id ” : ObjectId ( “ 4b3b51d64905573d69b9bd68 ” ) , “ name ” : “ Justyna Hemel ” , “ age ” : 26}
Note that the people database did not exist yet , and was in fact created when it was first used , similarly , the Person collection ( “ mongoose ” ;-) for table ) was automatically created when I saved a first record to it .
Like other document databases , collections are schema -less .
Now that we have some data , we can start querying :
> db.Person.find ( {name : “ Zef Hemel ” } )
{ “_id ” : ObjectId ( “ 4b3b51c24905573d69b9bd67 ” ) , “ name ” : “ Zef Hemel ” , “ age ” : 26}
So querying happens by passing the find function a map of keys and values that must match in a document .
This notation gets slightly weird when looking for age ranges , for instance between 20 and 30 :
> db.Person.find ( {age : { $gt : 20 , $ lt : 30}} )
{ “_id ” : ObjectId ( “ 4b3b51c24905573d69b9bd67 ” ) , “ name ” : “ Zef Hemel ” , “ age ” : 26}
{ “_id ” : ObjectId ( “ 4b3b51d64905573d69b9bd68 ” ) , “ name ” : “ Justyna Hemel ” , “ age ” : 26}
So there , as value of the property age , we give it another map with special operators $ gt and $lt , which stand for … greater than and less than !
It ’s a bit odd , but it ’s easy to get used to ( and screaming to be wrapped in some nicer syntax on a language level ) .
Because no indexes have been defined on the collection yet , this lookup is still rather slow .
However , indexes can easily be defined :
> db.Person.ensureIndex({name : 1} )
true
This defines an index on the name property in ascending order ( - 1 would be descending ) .
The index order only matters when putting indexes on multiple columns and sorting on some of them , or so the manual tells me .
So , MongoDB is fairly straight forward to play with , easily create new collections , add properties and so on .
Intuitively it feels like a good match to a dynamic language , such as Clojure .
Clojure is dynamic functional language for the JVM .
As mentioned , it is a Lisp .
It comes with a nice interactive REPL to experiment with .
The most interesting thing about Clojure from my point of view , as somebody doing research into domain - specific languages , is the ability to create domain - specific languages with it .
As you will know , the syntax of Lisp is extremely simple and mostly defined by its functions and macros .
There is already a simple Clojure web framework called Compojure , which is basic but quite powerful .
For my application I decided to build some layers on top of Compojure .
First of all , compojure only deals with the web side of things and not with database stuff .
For MongoDB there is CongoMongo , a simple Clojure interface to MongoDB .
This turned out the be far from complete , however , so I branched it and added a bunch of functions to it .
I decided to call my little framework Adia , it ’s available for download from github , see the Readme there for installation instructions , there ’s no documentation yet , there is however a simple wiki application in the examples directory .
Although MongoDB does not enforce any schema , it seemed like a useful thing to define a simple entity language anyway , if not for the database itself , for me , as documentation and possibly for automatic form generation and data validation , later .
This is what it looks like :
( defent Page
[ : title : string {:unique true} ]
[ : author : string ]
[ : text : text ] )
As can be guessed , this defines a Page entity with three properties : title , author and text .
As you will be aware , I ’m a developer of WebDSL , a DSL for building web applications , and came to appreciate its simple page and template abstractions .
Although implementing actions in a WebDSL fashion would be against the functional character of the language , I did add a page abstraction , except I call them webfns , defined with defwebfn ( similar to defn , to define a Clojure function ) :
( defwebfn say - hello [ nam str ]
( str “ Hello , “ nam ) )
This defines a web function with one parameter : nam , which is coerced to a string value through the str function .
Similarly , every entity definition also defines a function with the same name that can coerce the URL representation ( identifier ) and retrieve its value from the database , e.g. :
( Page “ 31108a33ee093a4bdd7b5900 ” )
Retrieves the page object with ID “ 31108a33ee093a4bdd7b5900 ” .
This can be taken advantage of in web functions as follows :
( defwebfn show - title [ p Page ]
( str “ Title : “ ( : title p ) ) )
These webfns are available through a URI based on their name and the last part of the namespace they were defined in .
For instance , when a webfn show is defined in namespace myapp.user , it will be available through “ / user / show ” .
Any namespace ending with .index , or webfn named index , are bound to the root , e.g. webfn index in myapp.user results in “ / user ” and webfn index in myapp.index is bound to “ / ” .
Templates are , of course , simply functions with parameters .
Compojure comes with a rather nice alternative HTML representation using Clojure vectors :
[ :a {:href “ / ” } “ Link text ” ]
Which can be used to define a main template :
( defn main - layout [ title & body ]
( html
( doctype :html4 )
[ :html
[ : head
[ : title title ] ]
[ :body
[ :h1 “ Header ” ]
[ :hr ]
body
[ :hr ]
“ © Zef Hemel ” ] ] ) )
Of course , vectors like these can easily be combined with regular function calls , to build pages .
Here is an example of an index page with title “ Wiki home ” , displaying a list of current pages and a form to add a new one :
( defwebfn index [ ]
( main - layout
“ Wiki home ”
[:h1 “ All wiki pages ” ]
[ :ul
( for [p ( query model / Page ) ]
[ :li ( navigate [ show p ] ( : title p ) ) ] ) ]
( form [ handle - add ]
[ :h1 “ Add a page ” ]
[ : div “ Title : “ ( input - string : title ) ]
[ : div ( input - text : text ) ]
( submit - button “ Add page ” ) ) ) )
This will be rendered roughly as follows :
The actual adding happens in the handle - add function :
( defwebfn handle - add [ ]
( let [p ( databind
( model / Page
:author ( get-session :username ) )
* form * [ : title : text ] ) ]
( redirect [ show ( persist ! p ) ] ) ) )
Additionally , I can define an access control rule for handle - add :
( defac handle - add ( get-session :username ) )
Which says that only if the session key : username has a value , i.e. the user is logged in , a page can be added , resulting in the handle - add only to be available to logged in users .
In addition , the form on the index page will be hidden when the user is not logged in .
Similar to WebDSL ’s navigates .
Lessons learned
MongoDB is a nice and simple NoSQL database system and when you ’re in the right document - vs - row no - join - required mindset , it ’s easy to work with .
I found that it also works well with Clojure , initially I played with Clojure and MySQL a bit , which also works fine .
Still , I found it a bit slower to iterate because you keep creating and dropping tables and adding , modifying and removing columns in your table as you ’re developing the application .
Database migration is a pain .
In MongoDB this is less of a problem I have found .
Clojure is quite a nice , elegant , simple language and macros are a very powerful way of defining new “ syntax ” for your own little domain - specific languages .
The syntax of the language is the user interface to the developer and is therefore important .
Not everybody is a fan of the Lisp syntax and it definitely takes some getting used to .
Lisp programmers say you should see through the parentheses and instead look at indentation to extract meaning from programs .
That works , but bites you in the ass when you do some s-expression manipulation and misplace some parenthesis and do not let your editor ( I used vim with vimclojure ) re-indent your code .
This happened to me a few times and on occasion took me quite some time to debug .
The Clojure syntax is concise , maybe too concise .
Sometimes I find it hard to e.g. see what piece of code is part of the true and which is of the false branch of an if - statement , an else keyword can be useful to make code easier to read .
Homoiconicity is cool .
The defwebfn macro , in addition to defining a function and doing some other stuff , also keeps the original list structure that defines the web function in memory ( the source code , as it were ) .
The access control module takes advantage of this by taking this code , wrapping an if statement around it and recompiling it at runtime .
Model transformations at runtime !
Potentially more advanced program transformations can happen in this way .
Are Clojure DSLs as flexible as external DSLs ?
Not really .
First off , you ’re locked into the Lisp syntax .
Second , checking is rather limited and error messages not always extremely helpful , similar to DSLs in other languages , such as Ruby .
Clojure does do compile - time symbol lookups which is helpful , but beyond that a lot of errors are detected at runtime .
Macros are evaluated at compile time and can therefore check a few things then , but this checking is limited to the “ AST ” representation of its arguments .
Clojure is a dynamically typed language , so checking in general is problematic .
And third , you ’re bound to the JVM ( or with more effort CLR ) , you ca n’t target multiple platforms .
Meta -programming in Clojure is cleaner than in many other languages such as Ruby and Python .
Most of it happens using macros which are fairly clean , if used well .
As I suggested before , libraries and internal DSLs like these are great ways of prototyping abstractions .
They ’re easy and quick to implement .
Access control was added in about 20 – 30 lines of extra code , OpenID authentication took about 30 ( through use of JOpenID ) .
This makes Clojure a great language to try out and play with abstractions .
I find that in Stratego , which we use to implement WebDSL , this is still problematic due to the fact that ( 1 ) it is a separate language , so you have to make mental jumps between Stratego and the target language , e.g. Java , and ( 2 ) long compilation times of the ever growing WebDSL compiler .
As mentioned , if you ’re interested in Adia , you can download it and play with it yourself .
Documentation is essentially non-existent as of yet , but the wiki example demonstrates its basic features .
Ministers say copyright laws must keep pace with technology Ministers have given a concession over what critics claimed were " draconian " powers which would enable them to crack down on online copyright infringement .
A clause in the Digital Economy Bill would have allowed ministers to amend existing laws on online piracy without the need for further legislation .
Google and Facebook were among firms to complain about the measure , saying it would hamper digital innovation .
Officials said they were " refining " the proposals after heeding concerns .
' Reserve powers ' Critics said the proposed powers were disproportionate and would damage one of the UK 's fast - growing industries .
Section 17 of the bill , which has attracted the most anger , would give ministers " reserve powers " to draft fresh laws to tackle net - based copyright infringement without needing parliamentary approval .
Ministers argued that such powers were needed to support copyright laws against future , more technically advanced forms of piracy .
But Conservative and Lib Dem peers had both threatened to vote against the measure when it is considered next in the House of Lords .
In response , the government has tabled several amendments .
These would mean existing copyright laws could only be amended by statute if there was a " significant " new threat of infringement and would provide for more parliamentary scrutiny before this happened .
' Clarity '
The Department for Business said it was not " backing away " from the controversial clause and its core objectives but had listened to concerns about how it was being targeted .
" The Government remains squarely behind the aims of clause 17 , " a spokesman said .
" We have tabled a series of amendments which aim to clarify the breadth and scope of the clause and further reinforce the transparency of the process and the scrutiny of Parliament . "
Separate proposals in the bill to disconnect so - called peer to peer file - sharers continue to cause concern among internet campaigners .
More than 30,000 people have signed a petition on the No 10 website saying the measure would penalise innocent people , arguing that persistent pirates would simply hack into other people 's accounts .
Ministers insist people would only have their net connections slowed down or suspended as a last resort and not before their cases were first considered by a tribunal .
The Internet Service Providers Association ( ISPA ) has accused the government of focusing unduly on enforcement rather than making it easier for people to download content legally .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
AN INFESTATION of funnel - web spiders has taken hold of Sydney over the summer holidays and spider experts are warning that climate change and a spate of wet weather are to blame .
Rex Gilroy , who runs Katoomba Rotary Club 's dangerous spiders hotline , thinks a long dry period followed by heavy rain and high humidity over the Christmas break has prompted the critters ' march on the suburbs .
Up close and frightening ... a female funnel - web spider at the Australian Reptile Park .
Credit : Jon Reid
" I think climate change might have something to do with it .
This season there 's more moisture and coolness and the spiders have been able to breed up , " he said .
But the Australian Reptile Park 's general manager , Mary Rayner , believes it is too early to tell if climate change is playing a role .
Groundwater in areas around the Bhopal gas tragedy site contain almost 40 times more pesticides than allowed under the Indian standards , the Centre for Science and Environment has claimed .
The Pollution Monitoring Lab of the NGO tested water and soil samples from in and around the Union Carbide factory , and found high concentrations of pesticides and heavy metals .
All 11 groundwater samples collected from colonies around the UCIL factory were found to be contaminated with chlorinated benzene compounds and organochlorine pesticides , the test results showed .
" The reason this is extremely worrying is because we have found the toxins in the groundwater we have checked from almost 3 km below the factory , " said Chandra Bhushan , associate director , in - charge of the CSE laboratory .
The Bhopal gas tragedy occurred on December 3 , 1984 when the plant accidentally released Methyl Isocyanate ( MIC ) gas , killing around 5000 people and permanently incapacitating many others .
All the samples collected from within the factory were found to be highly contaminated .
The waste stored within the premises had Carbaryl content of 9,856 parts per million ( ppm ) and mercury content of 1,065 ppm , Bhushan said .
The concentration of pesticides was 1.1 to 38.6 times higher than the Indian standard , the study claimed .
" The profile of chemicals found within the UCIL factory and in the waste disposal site of UCIL matches the chemicals found in the groundwater sample in the colonies outside .
There is no other source of these chlorinated benzene compounds and pesticides than UCIL , " Bhushan said .
CSE Director Sunita Narain said , " The factory site in Bhopal is leading to chronic toxicity - continuous tiny exposure leading to poisoning of our bodies .
This is different from acute poisoning and so the claim that the factory is not dangerous because people can touch the waste is misleading . "
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
His friends may call him a snob , and waitresses may give him odd looks , but David Turley is n't about to drink a beer with chunks of ice floating in it .
But that 's what can happen at restaurants that insist on serving his favorite beverage in icy mugs .
And so Turley has no qualms about insisting upon another , unfrosted , glass .
" I 'm pretty passionate about it , " says Turley , a 50 - year - old information technology worker from Fredericksburg , Va .
" The first thing I look at in a restaurant is the beer menu .
I consider it a food . "
Andrew Dornenburg and Karen Page are even more finicky .
The husband - wife authors of " What to Drink With What You Eat " have been known to whip out a pen-sized infrared thermometer to check the temperature of their wine before imbibing .
" Temperature is far more important than it typically gets credit as being when it comes to flavor , " Dornenburg says .
" Twenty or even 10 degrees can make an enormous difference in how the exact same wine tastes .
A wine that was thin and ' hot ' at room temperature tastes much ' rounder ' and fruitier at 5 or 10 degrees lower .
"
Even casual drinkers of wine know that white wines are served cooler than reds .
But few realize the difference a few degrees can make , and not just with wine .
Here 's what some beverage experts say about the optimum temperatures for a variety of drinks , and the most common mistakes people make .
BEER
Most beer is served too cold , says Sang Yoon , a beer sommelier , chef and owner of Father 's Office , a restaurant in Santa Monica , Calif .
But with most mainstream beers -- the stuff produced by the major brand brewers -- cold is fine .
" Those do n't have a huge aroma profile , so you can drink 'em really cold and you 're not missing out on anything , " Yoon says .
Aromatic beers that are brewed with more ingredients -- pale ales for example -- should be served around 40 F to 42 F , while beers with big flavor , such as Belgian ales , do n't release their aromas until they hit about 50 F .
WINE
Wine often is served at the wrong temperature , says Natalie MacLean , editor of a wine newsletter and author of
" Red , White and Drunk All Over , "
which explores how wine is made , marketed , matched with food and consumed .
" Too cold , and a wine 's complexity and aromas are numbed ; too hot , and it tastes alcoholic and flabby , " she says .
The old advice about serving reds at " room temperature " comes from the days when the " room " in question was a drafty medieval castle , she says , not today 's toasty , centrally heated homes .
Red wine should be served at about 60 F , though some light reds , such as Beaujolais , are better served cooler , she says .
White wine should be chilled to about 55 F ; the glass should feel cool but not ice - cold .
Dornenburg and Page drill down further , suggesting 40 F to 50 F for Champagne and other dry or sweet sparkling wines , 45 F to 55 F for dry whites and roses , and 55 F to 60 F for other white wines .
When in doubt , check the label : many bottles indicate the optimal serving temperature .
" We were recently tasting an Italian red that was unimpressive until we noticed that it was at room temperature and its label suggested 63 degrees .
We chilled it and retasted it and voila !
It made a far better impression , " Page says .
LIQUOR
There 's a bit more leeway when it comes to hard liquor and mixed drinks .
Tricia Crighton of the Gin and Vodka Association of Great Britain says gin- and vodka - based drinks generally are served chilled , usually on ice , to emphasize the fresh taste .
" The dry martini should be very cold and some bartenders keep bottles in the freezer to achieve this , " she says .
" Usually though , a few good sized ice cubes will chill down cocktails and mixed drinks sufficiently . "
Though cocktails historically have been enjoyed well - chilled , a new generation of bar chefs and mixologists are creating more complex cocktails whose flavors are best enjoyed slightly warmer , Page and Dornenburg say .
" While very well - chilled cocktails will help to hide the sensation of heat that runs down your throat when drinking a high - alcohol cocktail , today 's best - made cocktails are not overly alcoholic , so they can be enjoyed slightly less cold , " says Dornenburg .
COFFEE
The ideal temperature for coffee goes beyond taste , says Ric Rhinehart , executive director of the Specialty Coffee Association of America .
A brewing temperature between 195 F and 205 F is essential to achieve what he calls the appropriate " chemistry in your cup , " or the right mix of soluble solids that make coffee look , smell and taste like coffee .
" When you get significantly higher than that , you tend to get some more of the bitter flavor extracted , " he says .
" When you get lower than that , you leave behind some of the more pleasant , interesting flavors and aromas . "
The most common mistake is serving coffee that 's not hot enough , he says .
Frequently , the culprit is a drip coffee maker that does n't get the water hot enough and has too long of a brewing cycle .
" And then there are still a few people -- though there are very few and they are aging rapidly -- who still use percolators , " he says .
" Percolators are just devastatingly bad for coffee because they circulate already brewed coffee and they drive temperatures over 205 degrees .
It 's just a terrible way to make coffee . "
TEA
There are telltale signs when a cup of black tea is served at below - optimum temperature : the liquid will look clear and there will be a brown ring around the bottom of the cup .
" That 's when you know you really made a mistake .
If you taste it , it 's going to taste like hot water , " says Joe Simrany , president of the Tea Association of the USA .
" The problem is you 're not extracting all the flavor that tea has to offer , " he says .
Near boiling water is required to extract the most flavor from black tea .
After 3 minutes of steeping , the tea should be about 185 F , he says .
For white or green tea , cooler temperatures are required , around 165 F to 185 F .
MILK
Milk 's optimum temperature -- 33 F to 35 F -- is a matter of both taste and safety , says Gary Wheelock of the New England Dairy Promotion Board .
A temperature below 39 F is essential to prevent spoilage .
His organization came up with a little rhyme for supermarkets to remind them to keep milk cold : " Below 39 , it 's fine . "
" You also want to keep it cold just from a taste standpoint , " he says .
" Most people absolutely prefer to drink really cold milk , myself included . "
SODA
In the Pepsi vs. Coke debate , Pepsi comes out on top ( of the temperature scale ) .
A company spokeswoman says Pepsi is best consumed at 42 F , plus or minus 3 degrees .
A spokesman for Coca - Cola says Coke 's ideal temperature is 38 F .
WATER
With such a basic beverage , there 's a lot of room for personal preferences .
But there are some common mistakes , says Michael Mascha , author of
" Fine Waters : A Connoisseur 's Guide to the World 's Most Distinctive Bottled Waters . "
" Americans drink water way , way too cold , " he says , noting that doing so numbs the tastebuds .
Still water is best served at around 55 F -- about the temperature at which it comes out of the ground -- rather than straight from the refrigerator , he says .
" Being a natural product , it 's a good idea to drink it a natural temperature , " he says .
With carbonated water , a slightly higher temperature mitigates the aggressiveness of large bubbles , he says , and lets the mineral content of the water come through .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Bookmaker Ladbrokes is refusing to pay out more than 7 million pounds ( $ 11 million ) to a man who gambled on a white Christmas across the UK , as the bet was accepted by mistake .
An abandoned car sits covered in snow on the A68 road near Earlston in the Scottish borders January 6 , 2010 .
REUTERS / David Moir
Cliff Bryant , 52 , had placed two 5 - pound accumulator bets that snow would fall on 24 towns and cities across the north of England on Christmas Day .
“ We have apologized to the customer for any confusion and for mistakenly accepting an accumulator bet when our own rules state that only single bets are available on a market of this nature , ” said a Ladbrokes spokesman .
“ We are happy to void the bets and to pay the customer his winnings on the relevant singles . ”
They however amount to just 31.78 pounds , rather than the 7.1 million Bryant was expecting .
The graphic designer from Southampton , who told the local Southern Daily Echo newspaper he was “ gutted ” and would seek legal advice , claims the first accumulator would have won him 4.9 million pounds , with the second adding 2.2 million .
“ If I make a mistake in my work like that it costs me dearly and I think the offer should be a lot more generous than they have made , ” he told the paper .
Ladbrokes should have made their rules clearer , he added .
“ They are one of the leading bookmakers in the country and I think they ought to do their homework a bit better in future . ”
Ladbrokes gave Bryant details of the Independent Betting Adjudication Service ( IBAS ) , an impartial adjudicator on disputes that arise between gambling operators and their customers .
Danny Cracknell , a manager of the IBAS , told Reuters that Bryant had been in contact and they would be investigating the issue once he had completed the relevant forms .
( CNN ) -- A British couple held hostage by pirates for more than three months have told of brutal treatment at the hand of their captors who they say are perilously close to killing them .
In separate telephone interviews with CNN affiliate ITN , Paul and Rachel Chandler pleaded for help and spoke of their fears that they were just days away from death .
An emotional Rachel Chandler also spoke of how she thought " dying would actually be an easy way out " and how she wanted to see her husband " at least once before we die . "
The Chandlers were taken by pirates from their 38 - foot yacht , the Lynn Rival , just days after setting sail from the Seychelles islands for Tanzania .
Their captors initially demanded a ransom of $ 7 million , but the British government -- in line with longstanding policy -- has refused to pay .
" Please , please find a way of helping us because it really is a very desperate situation here , " Rachel Chandler said in the latest interview , in which she said she had not seen her husband for two weeks since they were violently separated .
" I 've broken a tooth because I was hit on the head with something , probably the butt of a gun ...
I do n't know ... and yes , so we have been physically attacked . "
Rachel Chandler , 55 , who along with her husband has been held for nearly 100 days , said the pirates had issued a new deadline .
" They 've just told me that if they do n't get the money within four or five days they 'll kill one of us . "
Audibly close to tears , she also asked for a message to be passed on to her husband .
" The message to him is hang on for me because I hope -- my biggest hope -- is that I shall see him at least once before we die . "
She added : " It 's hard not to feel , well , dying would actually be an easy way out .
It 's hard to explain but it is when you 're all on your own in this country and you 've no idea where you are and no idea when something might happen and whether I 'll see Paul again .
It 's just very , very despairing "
In a separate telephone interview 24 hours earlier , Paul Chandler , 59 , described how they were separated and savagely beaten .
" We tried to stay together and they threw us to the ground and whipped us and beat Rachel with a rifle butt and I was dragged off , taken to a different location .
" I was allowed to telephone her about 12 days ago .
Se said she was being tormented all the time and then she said she was giving up .
They 've lost patience .
They set a deadline of three or four days , if they do n't hear , then they say they will let us die .
" We 're held in solitary confinement effectively .
You know it 's just [ like being ] treated as a captive animal . "
It was not clear under what conditions the captives , who have been in sporadic telephone and video contact with journalists , had been allowed telephone access .
ITN said both conversations had been shared with the British Home Office and his family .
Britain's Foreign and Commonwealth Office 's official line on hostages says " the government will not make substantive concession for hostage takers , including the payments of ransom . "
Pirates have been very active off the east coast of Africa in the past several years , operating out of lawless Somalia .
Last week , pirates attempted to hijack an Indian crude oil vessel 105 nautical miles from Somalia , the EU 's anti-piracy naval force said .
The pirates opened fire on the ship and were later arrested .
Piracy on the high - seas reached a six - year high in 2009 , according to the International Maritime Bureau , which monitors shipping crimes .
if you lay all the blood vessels in your body end to end you 'd die
Did you know , that your body contains enough DNA to make a line from the Earth to the Sun and back , 70 times ?
Or that Us either .
buy a copy on etsy , and ward off evil spirits .
The Search for Extraterrestrial Life Looking for Clues in a Distant Planet 's Atmosphere
For the first time , scientists have been able to directly analyze the atmosphere of a distant planet .
The success could prove a milestone on the road toward finding life beyond our solar system .
A New Zealand firm could face terrorism charges or prosecution for violating United Nations sanctions on North Korean weapons trading .
SP Trading , which is registered to an office in Auckland 's Salvation Army building in Queen St , chartered the Georgia - registered Illyushin 76 cargo plane seized in Bangkok as it was flying from North Korea to an unknown third country .
It carried missiles , explosives and assorted weapons .
The shell – or non-trading – company that owns SP owns another firm that last month bought $ 70 million worth of Azerbaijan oil destined for an unknown country .
A spokesman for Foreign Minister Murray McCully said of SP Trading that he was " aware of the alleged link and we are trying to find out much more as we can urgently " .
Police confirmed they were involved and said that " when more information is obtained we will determine where the investigation will go " .
Sources close to the investigation said charges could be laid under the 2002 Terrorism Suppression Act , which makes it a criminal offence to take part in , finance or recruit for a terrorist organisation or terrorist act .
United Nations sanctions banning North Korea from exporting any arms except light weapons were implemented in June after Pyongyang tested a nuclear warhead .
Thai investigators are unsure where the plane , operated by Georgia 's Air West Ltd , was heading or who co-ordinated the flight plan .
Air West director Nodar Kakabadze told the Wall Street Journal that the company had no information on SP Trading .
" We signed a contract with SP Trading November 4 this year to carry out some flights .
That 's it , " he said .
" I know nothing more about the company , and we'd never worked with them before . "
The five - member aircrew have denied knowledge of weapons onboard .
They have been charged with illegally possessing heavy weapons and mis-stating details of the cargo .
SP Trading was registered on July 22 this year with offices at Level 5 , 369 Queen St .
Part of the floor is operated by Danite Corporate who say they rent " virtual offices " – address services that allow users to reduce office costs – to dozens of companies .
A woman referred inquiries to its registered director , Lu Zhang , also known as " Lulu " , and Paul Taylor .
A man who would say only that his name was Paul said the pair were " not here " .
SP Trading is owned by Vicam ( Auckland ) Ltd , of the same address .
Its director is Nesita Manceau , a New Zealander living in Vanuatu , which is a tax haven .
Vicam 's shares are 100 per cent owned by GT Group of Vanuatu .
GT director , New Zealander Ian Taylor , said he would not comment on SP Trading .
" As you can imagine I have had a few phone calls and to be honest , while I am of course aware of it , I basically handle marketing for GT group , so the details of the company I have absolutely no knowledge of and therefore I cannot make any comment . "
Vicam owns Sumato Energy Group , also at 369 Queen
St , whose listed director is Mr Taylor .
The company registration was lodged by Ms Manceau .
Last month the State Oil Company of Azerbaijan announced a ballot for one million barrels of Azeri light crude had been won by Sumato .
It was shipping it to an unnamed third country .
The US Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) is responsible for approving drugs for medical uses , and the agency has developed a set of expectations for using results from randomized clinical studies to determine ( with varying degrees of success ) whether a drug is safe and effective .
But advances in materials science and miniaturization have led to an explosion in the use of medical implants , which do everything from acting as a replacement for balky knees to restarting arrhythmic hearts .
Two new evaluations of the clinical studies used during the implant approval process suggests that the approval process for implants is n't nearly as rigorous as it might be .
The significance of the FDA 's approval is made clear by the authors of one of the evaluations , which was published yesterday by the Journal of the American Medical Association .
As is the case with drugs , many physicians view the FDA 's acceptance as an indication that a device is safe and effective , as do many insurance companies .
The makers of the implants , for their part , often view approval as a sign that it 's safe to begin a direct - to - consumer advertising campaign for their product .
And , to a certain degree , the implant makers are right .
Last year , the Supreme Court ruled that FDA approval of a medical device prevents consumers from suing based on claims that the device is poorly designed or unsafe .
In short , FDA approval confers an important validation on an implant .
Despite its centrality , the agency has only been in the implant approval business since the 1970s .
The rate of implant development has also increased dramatically during the last few decades , during which time the agency has revamped its drug approval process and dealt with some high - profile cases of political and industry interference .
Thus , an evaluation of its procedures for implant approval would seem timely , which may explain why two such evaluations are being released at the same time .
The JAMA study is being joined by one sponsored by the FDA itself , which will appear in the American Journal of Therapeutics .
Both look at clinical studies that accompanied the Premarket Approval ( PMA ) submissions from various implant makers that occurred between 2001 and 2008 , focusing on those devices that can easily be considered the most critical : cardiac implants such as stents , defibrillators , ventricular assist devices , etc .
The two cover a variety of similar measures of the scientific rigor of these studies , but come to some significantly different conclusions about the significance .
So , for example , the JAMA study highlights how over half of the PMAs were supported by only a single clinical study .
Only a quarter of these were randomized , and less than 15 percent were blinded , meaning those taking part in the study did n't know who was receiving the new technology .
Only about half included a control population .
For drug approval , a randomized , double - blind trial has become the gold standard , so it might be a bit surprising that so few of these fit that description .
However , the authors of the JAMA study recognize that blinding people to a physical implant can be difficult and , for some of the devices studied , completely impossible .
The FDA study considers this to be such a significant issue that it does n't even bother to try to evaluate whether a study was blinded .
Its authors also see little problem with devices being supported by only a single study , as they point out that implants are redesigned at a high rate ( they cite a typical lifetime of less than 18 months on the market ) , and many of the PMAs were simply for a revision to a previously approved device .
Instead , the authors combined a variety of factors — well - defined end points , sufficient subject population , etc. — into an overall quality score .
Another area of disagreement is the use of proxies for health outcomes .
So , for example , a stent 's effectiveness might be measured in terms of blood flow , which serves as a proxy for improved cardiac function .
Again , the JAMA study considers this a problem , while the FDA - backed one does not .
The former also highlights the use of training periods , in which the medical staff learns procedures for use of a device , as a potential source of bias , with trials moving to the experimental period only when things are going well .
Despite all these differences , there is some significant overlap between the conclusions .
The FDA study suggests that about 18 percent of studies lacked a high - quality assessment of implant effectiveness , and about 40 percent were lacking when it came to safety .
All told , nearly half of the studies lacked one or the other .
The JAMA study suggested end - point evaluation was also lacking , although its figures were n't directly comparable .
Both studies highlighted problems with tracking the patients enrolled in these studies , and a lack of detailed data on sex and ethnicity among the patients .
The trials are supposed to include a population that 's reflective of the US , and the lack of data makes it impossible to tell whether that 's the case .
In fact , the JAMA paper 's authors found it impossible to tell whether a number of the studies even included any patients within the US ( many clinical trials are now taking place overseas , which may make finding a population that mirrors the US even more difficult ) .
The authors of the FDA - backed study also point out that many of the trials completely lacked data on relevant risks associated with cardiac disease , such as hypertension , smoking , and diabetes , which makes the data difficult to interpret .
A number of reports , such as one in The New York Times , suggest that the FDA may promote its own evaluation at the expense of the independent one .
The substantial agreement between the two reports , however , suggests that there 's a real problem with obtaining clinical data of sufficient quality for a thorough evaluation of cardiac medical implants , and quite probably medical implants in general .
If the FDA intends to improve the situation , the common conclusions of the two reports would give that effort added weight .
Even the differences between the two reports seem informative .
If the relevant experts can't agree on whether the standards that apply to clinical trials of drugs can or should be applied consistently to medical implants , then that would seem to signal that it 's time to develop standards that are appropriate for trials of this class of medical device .
American Journal of Therapeutics , 2009 .
Publication in progress .
JAMA , 2009 .
Vol 302 , No. 24 . DOI unavailable .
BOSTON ( Reuters ) - A security research firm said it discovered another set of vulnerabilities in Internet Explorer , a day after Microsoft Corp patched the Web browser following a high - profile cyber attack on Google in China .
The software maker issued a patch on Thursday to fight malicious software that was used in the attack on Google Inc and dozens of other companies which operate in China .
Research firm Core Security Technologies said on Friday that it discovered another set of vulnerabilities in Internet Explorer that hackers can link together and exploit , to remotely access all of the data on a personal computer .
“ There are three or four ways to conduct this type of attack , ” said Jorge Luis Alvarez Medina , a security consultant with Boston - based Core , who will demonstrate the vulnerability at the Black Hat security conference in Washington , which begins February 2 .
A spokeswoman for Microsoft said she could not immediately comment on the matter .
Alvarez Medina said hackers can exploit a string of four or five minor vulnerabilities in Internet Explorer , which is used on hundreds of millions of PCs around the world .
Although none of the vulnerabilities are serious enough to compromise a machine , a hacker could take control of a PC by exploiting all of them at once , he said .
The combination would overwhelm the browser , giving a hacker access to all data on the PC after a user clicks on a malicious link , he said .
Alvarez Medina added that he was uncertain whether any hackers had already exploited the weaknesses , which Microsoft has yet to patch .
He said that Core was working with Microsoft to find a way to mitigate the risk , but added that he believed other vulnerabilities would crop up even after a solution to these .
“ It is likely that people will come up with new ones over time , ” he said .
MENOMINEE , Mich . — Representative Bart Stupak often endures things others find unbearable .
He crisscrosses a Congressional district so vast that some constituents live eight hours apart and so cold that the beer at his beloved football games sometimes freezes .
Years ago , as a state trooper , he blew out his knee chasing a suspect , and he has since had so many operations that he now returns to work the same day , toting crutches and ice .
After his younger son committed suicide in 2000 , using the congressman ’s gun , Mr. Stupak soon resumed his predawn commute to Washington and his solid voting record with the National Rifle Association .
Now he is enduring more hatred than perhaps any other member of Congress , much of it from fellow Democrats .
His name has become a slogan : “ Stop Stupak ! ” Scott Schloegel , his chief of staff , said wearily , “ I ca n’t tell you how many New Yorkers have called me up and yelled at me about this Stupak guy .
” With final negotiations on a health care overhaul beginning this week , complaints about “ the evil Stupak amendment , ” as the congressman dryly called it over dinner here recently , are likely to grow even louder .
The amendment prevents women who receive federal insurance subsidies from buying abortion coverage — but critics assert it could cause women who buy their own insurance difficulty in obtaining coverage .
Mr. Stupak insists that the final bill include his terms , which he says merely reflect current law .
If he prevails , he will have won an audacious , counterintuitive victory , forcing a Democratic - controlled Congress to pass a measure that will be hailed as an anti-abortion triumph .
If party members do not accept his terms — and many vow they will not — Mr. Stupak is prepared to block passage of the health care overhaul .
“ It ’s not the end of the world if it goes down , ” he said over dinner .
He did not sound downbeat about the prospect of being blamed for blocking the long - sought goal of President Obama and a chain of presidents and legislators before him .
“ Then you get the message , ” he continued .
“ Fix the abortion language and bring the bill back . ” Mr. Stupak says his stand is a straightforward matter of Roman Catholic faith , but it also seems like the result of a long , slow burn .
As dinner progressed , the congressman described years of feeling ignored , slighted or marginalized by his party for his anti-abortion views .
“ We ’re members without a party , ” he said .
“ Democrats are mad at you , and Republicans do n’t trust you . ” Mr. Stupak , 57 , with a shock of thick gray hair and the stare of a law enforcement officer , is a Yooper , a resident of this state ’s Upper Peninsula — snowy and hushed in winter , lush and tourist - filled in summer .
His father attended seminary before marrying and later sent his 10 children to Catholic school until tuition money ran out .
As a state trooper , Mr. Stupak worked the highways but also trailed Ku Klux Klan members and drove home drunken state legislators .
He attended law school at night , spent a term in the State Legislature , and then ran for Congress in 1992 .
In the primary , he beat a candidate who supported abortion rights .
But when he tried to hire Democratic political consultants for the general election , they refused — with expletives , he says — to work for a candidate with his views .
Mr. Stupak won anyway , and his freshman year in Washington , he requested but did not receive a seat on the powerful Energy and Commerce Committee .
“ I had one or two members tell me I ’d never get on because I ’m right - to - life , ” he said .
He can not run for governor , he continued , because no one with his stands on guns and abortion can win in Michigan .
When Republicans ruled Washington , his fellow Democrats had to listen to anti-abortion views , he said .
But with Democratic victories , abortion rights supporters felt their time had come .
“ You ’re never getting a right - to - life amendment , ” Mr. Stupak said Representative Louise M. Slaughter , Democrat of New York and chairwoman of the Rules Committee , told him during health care negotiations .
“ We have pro-choice Democrats in the White House .
We have majorities in the House and Senate .
You ’re done .
” In a phone interview , Ms. Slaughter said she did not recall the conversation .
But Democratic control of the House carries a paradox : because the party expanded by winning what had been Republican districts , it has more members who oppose federal financing for abortions and restrictions on guns .
Mr. Stupak ’s measure on abortion passed the House with the support of 64 Democrats .
“ Before , when we talked about pro-life Democrats , you ’d get a snicker and a laugh , ” he said .
“ We were just always overlooked .
We ’re not overlooked anymore .
” Now the disagreement over abortion financing has become a game of chicken , with Mr. Stupak saying he and 10 or 11 others , whom he would not name , will vote against a final bill that does not meet his standards , and some backers of abortion rights threatening to do the same in what is expected to be a close vote .
Last fall , Mr. Stupak told constituents that even if his amendment failed , he would still vote yes on the overall health care legislation — he merely wanted to vote his conscience first .
Now he says that statement applied only to the bill ’s early version .
“ You fight for a principle you ’ve believed in your whole life , then you fold up the tent ? ” he said .
Some of Mr. Stupak ’s colleagues on the other side of the abortion issue offer a different version of his lonely - man - of - principle story .
He has hardly been an outcast within his own party , they say ; two years after being elected , he joined the Energy and Commerce Committee , and now serves as chairman of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee .
Like Mr. Stupak , they say they have worked for months to avert precisely this sort of standoff .
And they accuse him of being less of a brave holdout than an instrument of conservative Catholic and anti-abortion organizations .
“ The National Right to Life Committee and the bishops saw this as a way to vastly increase restrictions on choice , ” said Representative Diana DeGette , Democrat of Colorado , who is a chief deputy House whip and co-chairwoman , with Ms. Slaughter , of the Congressional Pro-Choice Caucus .
Mr. Stupak was “ not given very much negotiating room ” by those organizations , Ms. DeGette said .
Now “ he ’s gotten himself into a corner where he says it ’s my amendment or it ’s nothing .
” ( Mr. Stupak says he urged the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops to toughen its stance on the legislation ; representatives from the conference and the National Right to Life Committee did not return calls . )
For now , as he mulls his return to Washington , Mr. Stupak is canvassing his district , adding to the 180,000 miles on his Oldsmobile , and grilling — in the snow , without a jacket — at his lakeside log - cabin home for his wife , Laurie .
He is trying to pass the health care overhaul , he insists , not sabotage it , and predicts that the legislation will ultimately collapse for reasons apart from abortion .
But he will be blamed anyway , he is sure .
“ I get the distinct impression that I ’m the last guy the president wants to see , ” he said .
Recently , Vimeo and YouTube announced that they were moving to support the HTML5 video tag , as DailyMotion did last summer .
This is an important step in making video a first - class citizen of the modern web , and that is great news .
Unlike DailyMotion , however , Vimeo and YouTube chose to rely on the patented H.264 video encoding , rather than an unencumbered encoding like Ogg Theora .
This means that the < video > pages on those sites will not work with Firefox .
Vimeo and YouTube seem to believe that reliance on proprietary plugins for video is a problem on the web .
Mozilla believes that reliance on patent - encumbered formats is a problem on the web .
Who ’s right ?
Both groups are , in this case ; that we can attack , from different perspectives , the multifacted problem of freeing video on the web is an example of the distributed innovation that has made the web such a powerful and popular platform .
For Mozilla , H.264 is not currently a suitable technology choice .
In many countries , it is a patented technology , meaning that it is illegal to use without paying license fees to the MPEG - LA .
Without such a license , it is not legal to use or distribute software that produces or consumes H.264 - encoded content .
Indeed , even distributing H.264 content over the internet or broadcasting it over the airwaves requires the consent of the MPEG - LA , and the current fee exemption for free - to - the - viewer internet delivery is only in effect until the end of 2010 .
These license fees affect not only browser developers and distributors , but also represent a toll booth on anyone who wishes to produce video content .
And if H.264 becomes an accepted part of the standardized web , those fees are a barrier to entry for developers of new browsers , those bringing the web to new devices or platforms , and those who would build tools to help content and application development .
Some companies pay annually for H.264 licenses , which they can pass on to users of their software .
Google has such a license , but as they have described , it does not extend to people building from their source or otherwise extending their browser .
( Apple and Microsoft are licensors to the MPEG - LA ’s AVC / H.264 patent pool , so their terms may differ substantially . )
Personally , I believe that it is completely their right to make such a decision , even if I would prefer that they made a different decision .
Mozilla has decided differently , in part because there is no apparent means for us to license H.264 under terms that would cover other users of our technology , such as Linux distributors , or people in affiliated projects like Wikimedia or the Participatory Culture Foundation .
Even if we were to pay the $ 5,000,000 annual licensing cost for H.264 , and we were to not care about the spectre of license fees for internet distribution of encoded content , or about content and tool creators , downstream projects would be no better off .
We want to make sure that the Web experience is good for all users , present and future .
I want to make sure that when a child in India or Brazil or Kenya discovers the internet , there is n’t a big piece of it ( video ) that they ca n’t afford to participate in .
I want to make sure that there are no toll - booth barriers to entry for someone building a whole new browser , or bringing a browser to a whole new device or OS , or making and using tools for creating standard web content .
And I want that not only altruistically , but also because I want the crazy awesome video ( animation , peer - to - peer , security , etc. ) ideas that will come from having more people , with more perspectives , fully participating in the internet .
The web is undeniably better for Mozilla having entered the browser market , and it would have been impossible for us to do so if there had been a multi-million - dollar licensing fee required for handling HTML , CSS , JavaScript or the like .
I very much believe that Google ( both the Chrome and YouTube teams ) , Vimeo and many others share our desire to have a web with full - featured , high - performance , unencumbered , natively - integrated video , and I look very much forward to us all working — together and separately — towards that end .
People have raised questions about using existing support for H.264 ( or other formats ) that may already be installed on the user ’s computer .
There are issues there related to principle ( fragmentation of format under the guise of standardized HTML ) , to effectiveness ( about 60 % of our users are on Windows XP , which provides no H.264 codec ) , to security ( exposure of arbitrary codecs to hostile content ) , and to user experience ( mapping the full and growing capabilities of < video > to the system APIs provided ) ; I ’ll post next week about those in more detail , if others do n’t beat me to it .
[ A translation of this post to Belorussian has been provided by PC . ]
Despite the crisis and its negative consequences , a world of luxury in 2009 , supplemented by a cascade super accessories …
The cost of these “ things ” of millions of dollars – enough to feed a small country …
In Dubai , you can see not only the tallest skyscraper and the traffic jams from Lamborghini and Ferrari .
The city is also famous for the most expensive fountain in 2009 , the construction of which was spent about 217 million dollars .
The fountain has a length of 270 meters , is equipped with 6600 lamps with colored lights and 50 projectors .
Powerful pumps can raise the water jet to an altitude of 127 meters .
The most expensive phone 2009 – iPhone 3GS SUPREME .
The most common smart phone with the most common set of features , but with the case of gold and diamonds .
Home button menu control iPhone adorns a diamond weighing 7.1 carats .
The status of the most expensive car in 2009 holds the supercar Bugatti Veyron Fbg par Hermes .
Add this machine to my collection can be over 2.37 million dollars .
Aurora Diamante
Pen can safely be called the most expensive pen , not only in 2009 , but all the time .
One and a half million dollars for a beautiful accessory – a bold challenge to the crisis and consequences .
Good watches are always expensive .
This year ’s record price among the hours became a model Patek Philippe Calibre 89 .
Incidentally , this is a work of art , many consider the most complicated watch in the world .
Calibre 89 were sold at auction for 5,053,360 dollars .
The most expensive iPhone need something to store .
For these purposes , jewelers created a series of beautiful covers cost 34 thousand dollars .
Diamonds and python skin – make up the spectacular beautiful accessory .
The most expensive suit this year is just over 100 thousand dollars .
Unlike ordinary trousers and jackets , costume Alexander Amosu is decorated with inlays of gold and buttons with diamonds .
Despite falling house prices , the most expensive house in 2009 – Holmby Hills – is still worth a lot of money .
To become the owner of the mansion will have to lay out $ 150 million .
The most expensive room – Royal Penthouse Suite … Night at the Royal Penthouse ( The Royal Penthouse Suite ) in Hotel President Wilson Hotel in Geneva , will cost 65 thousand dollars .
Four bedroom penthouses occupy the entire top floor of the hotel .
There are also bullet - proof windows and doors .
The most expensive in the world disk cluster – RamSan - 6200 ( 4,4 million dollars ) RamSan - 6200 not only the most expensive in the world disk cluster , but also the most capacious .
The total volume of the solid - state drives is 100 terabytes .
The system provides five million I / O operations per second every second and is able to transmit up to 60 gigabytes of data .
Tweet
Heads spun four years ago this weekend , when AT&T was accused of funneling every one of its customers ' electronic communications to the National Security Agency – without warrants .
A Jan. 31 , 2006 , lawsuit alleged major violations of the Fourth Amendment right to be free from warrantless searches and seizures .
Such a sweeping breach seemed far - fetched .
Yet months after the lawsuit was lodged , the Electronic Frontier Foundation produced internal AT&T documents allegedly outlining secret rooms in AT&T offices connected to the NSA , which was siphoning all internet traffic , from e-mails to Voice Over Internet Protocol phone conversations .
But four years and a mountain of court briefs and rulings later , the legal system has never addressed the merits of the allegations — and likely never will .
Even Congress has weighed in and passed legislation to prevent the allegations from being heard .
And many – including the former AT&T technician who produced the documents in the case and the EFF – believe the alleged dragnet surveillance program continues unabated today .
" Nothing has stopped the dragnet , " said Cindy Cohn , the EFF 's legal director , whose case had grown to include all of the nation 's leading internet service providers .
The Bush administration and now the Obama administration have neither admitted nor denied the allegations .
Instead , they have declared the issue a state secret — one that would undermine the nation 's national security if exposed .
U.S. District Judge Vaughn Walker , the San Francisco judge presiding over the litigation , did not agree .
The judge ruled two years ago the allegations against the nation 's telcos could proceed .
But a major obstacle stopped the case dead in its tracks , before the merits of the allegations could be litigated , and before the judge could consider ordering a halt to the alleged dragnet .
That roadblock was an act of Congress , one voted for by Sen. Barack Obama of Illinois and then signed by President George W. Bush in July 2008 .
The legislation handed the telcos retroactive immunity from being sued for participating in the alleged program .
Judge Walker tossed the case .
That same legislation also approved Bush 's once - secret warrantless electronic - eavesdropping arrangement – The Terror Surveillance Program .
Under the program , which The New York Times disclosed in December 2005 , the NSA was eavesdropping on Americans ' telephone calls without warrants if the government believed the person on the other line was overseas and associated with terrorism .
Eyebrows were raised when the newspaper exposed the now - legalized program — a program considered by many as a breach of Americans ' privacy and an abuse of executive power .
In his defense , Bush said his war powers granted the presidency the authority to bypass Congress and undertake the Terror Surveillance Program .
The internal AT&T documents , however , suggest the TSP was just the tip of an eavesdropping iceberg .
That 's what Mark Klein believes .
He 's the former AT&T technician who provided EFF with the documents – which were exposed by Wired.com while they were under court seal .
" They show an untargeted , massive vacuum cleaner sweeping up millions of peoples ' communications every second automatically , " Klein said in a telephone interview .
" That 's inherently illegal , " he added .
The alleged dragnet operation apparently is having some success , according to a redacted Justice Department internal audit .
To be sure , Congress ' and the executive 's zeal to prevent litigation on the alleged surveillance dragnet was countered by the EFF and others .
They then named the government , instead of the telcos , as the defendant .
It was ill - fated legal jockeying to skirt the immunity legislation .
The Obama administration claimed the government was immune from the latest litigation .
Or if it was n't , the administration argued , the lawsuit could expose government secrets and should be barred .
This despite Obama announcing he would limit the use of the state secrets privilege .
Again , the government and the courts declined to address the merits of the allegations .
This time , the same judge in the original EFF case sided with the government for reasons the government never claimed .
Judge Walker likened the newest allegations to a " general grievance " from the public .
Walker ruled that the courts are not available to the public to mount such a challenge .
The suits were barred , Walker ruled , because they seek " to employ judicial remedies to punish and bring to heel high - level government officials for the allegedly illegal and unconstitutional warrantless electronic - surveillance program or programs now widely , if incompletely , aired in the public forum . "
The EFF said it would appeal Walker 's latest decision .
The appellate courts are also weighing whether Congress overstepped its boundaries when it killed the original allegations targeting the telecommunication companies .
Still , pending before Walker is another more - limited privacy case , one concerning the legality of the Terror Surveillance Program before Congress approved it .
That case , which tests presidential powers , is nearing its fourth year .
It has bounced from an Oregon federal court to San Francisco federal court to the appellate courts and back – without ever addressing the allegations .
" The government , " said Jon Eisenberg , the plaintiffs ' lawyer in the case , " has been largely successful in evading a ruling on the merits of all these cases . "
See Also :
HTML5 means whatever you want it to mean
Last Friday
I found evidence for increasing confusion about what the HTML5 spec actually is .
I do n’t have any doubts on that score : HTML5 is anything you want it to be as long as it ’s new and cool .
In a discussion on the WHAT - WG IRC channel Jeremy got fed up with the fact that he ca n’t just point people at the spec during his HTML5 evangelism :
I 'm doing my damndest to evangelise HTML5 to front end developers and designers but you guys do n't make it easy .
[...]
As if this stuff was n't confusing enough for authors already .
Now they have to put up with stupid spec obfuscation for the sake of some minor semantic victory for someone somewhere .
[...]
The WHATWG could n't make the spec more author - unfriendly if they tried .
Inevitably , it was pointed out that specs are n’t meant for developers but for browser vendors .
That ’s true but unhelpful , just as it has been for the past ten years .
The ritual dance begins anew .
Personally , I ’m not going to take part in the dance this time .
I already know what the outcome is going to be , and I ’m going to skip the rituals .
Because “ HTML5 ” is so vaguely defined we web developers can decide for ourselves what is part of HTML5 and what is n’t , and that ’s something I ’m looking forward to .
( If spec defenders do n’t like that they should have been clearer . )
My favourite examples are geolocation and Web Storage , which will feature prominently in my upcoming HTML5 mobile compatibility tables despite the fact that they ’re not in the spec .
They ’re new , exciting , and absolutely vital on mobile .
They ’re in my HTML5 spec .
HTML5 is the continuation of Web 2.0 by other means , just as Web 2.0 was the continuation of DHTML .
Apparently we need a vague , all - encompassing term for cool new stuff that we want browsers to support and clients to buy so we can play with it .
That ’s what HTML5 should be .
Because there are new and exciting things going on , people will start to make wish lists .
Exactly which items on those lists are described in a document called “ HTML5 ” will slowly cease to matter , as long as they have some browser support .
As soon as a certain feature appears on enough HTML5 lists it will become canonical .
Conversely , the stuff that nobody ’s really interested in will no longer be HTML5 , even if it ’s in a spec with that name .
I consider this a Good Thing .
Wisdom of the crowds and all that .
( Again , if spec defenders do n’t like it , they should have been more accomodating to authors . )
So what ’s in your HTML5 spec ?
Top three , anyone ?
Update :
If you still want to vote , do it here .
Comments are closed .
A man who pretended to family and friends he was a Metropolitan Police officer has been jailed for 20 months .
Stuart Howatson , 31 , of Millside Court , Bewdley , Worcestershire , had pleaded guilty to possessing an offensive weapon and to false accounting .
He had also pleaded guilty to two counts of dishonestly making false representation for gain .
Sentencing Howatson , the judge at Hereford Crown Court described him as " a common trickster and conman " .
A spokesman for the Metropolitan Police Service said it had been revealed that Howatson had spent several years pretending to be in the force , even conning his wife about his job .
Howatson also pleaded guilty to the possession and making of indecent images of children and was placed on the Sex Offenders Register for five years .
' Place setting '
Howatson , who was arrested at his home in October 2008 , had given various accounts of his police role , including saying he was an armed officer , a dog handler and even a protection officer for the Queen , the Met spokesman said .
Before his wedding in 2006 , he told prospective guests that the former commissioner Lord Stevens would be attending and even set him a dinner place , he said .
" When Sir John [ who has since been awarded a life peerage ] failed to arrive on the day , Howatson explained his absence in his speech , saying security issues had stopped him attending , " the spokesman added .
Details of Howatson 's behaviour were uncovered during an investigation by the Met 's Directorate of Professional Standards ( DPS ) .
Howatson has also given a talk about policing , while wearing uniform , at a nursery school , the Met said .
Det Insp Claire Moxon , of the DPS , said Howatson had gone to great lengths to maintain a long - running deceit over his employment .
" His behaviour has not only deeply affected his family and friends , but risked undermining the integrity and professionalism of genuine police officers everywhere , " she said .
Thanks to taxpayers , Wall Street is going to have a killer bonus season , up 18 % from last year , according to analysis from WSJ .
That works out to $ 145 billion .
Damaged , disturbed and prone to appalling violence , they are often demonised as ' feral ' .
Amelia Hill visits Mulberry Bush school in Oxfordshire where 40 youngsters are helped to come to terms with their nightmare pasts
When Lucy plays with her dolls , there are no happy endings .
Instead , the nine - year - old tortures her toys , inventing plot lines focusing on violence , murder and bloodbaths .
Lucy does n't have an overactive imagination .
Far from it .
Her games are based on cold , hard facts .
They are an accurate reflection of the only home life she has ever known : abused both physically and sexually , and severely neglected from birth , Lucy also saw her mother beating her older sister to death .
It took five years for social services to remove Lucy from her mother and place her in care , by which point she was profoundly traumatised , a state revealed most obviously through her compulsive need to repeatedly act out her early experiences in behaviour so disturbed and disturbing that she was rejected by 27 foster families , as well as numerous mainstream and special schools .
But Lucy has been lucky in one respect : she is being treated at one of the few establishments in the country providing residential , therapeutic care and education for severely emotionally troubled and traumatised children aged from five to twelve years of age .
Based in the Oxfordshire countryside , Mulberry Bush school was set up in 1948 by Barbara Dockar - Drysdale , one of the world 's pioneers in children 's residential therapy .
Inspired by the work of Donald Winnicott , the paediatric psychiatrist and psychoanalyst , Dockar - Drysdale took in evacuee children during the second world war and went on to study emotional deprivation and trauma in early years .
Bright , airy and compact , the school is home to 40 profoundly traumatised children who have such extreme and destructive patterns of behaviour that three members of staff need to be on hand to contain their violence : a level of care that costs £ 138,000 per child for a year – considerably more than any public school .
Eton , for example , charges around £ 28,000 .
The necessity for this 3:1 ratio of care became clear within hours of the Observer 's week - long visit to Mulberry , an unprecedented level of access to the school .
On our first day , we met seven - year - old Stan .
Four years ago he was rescued from a paedophile ring in which he saw other children murdered by members of his own family .
By the time he arrived at the Mulberry Bush , Stan had been through 73 foster placements and was widely considered to be beyond rehabilitation .
Our first sight of Stan was during one of the many white - hot rages that punctuate his days , often erupting without any discernible trigger .
For his own safety , and the safety of those around him , the small , wiry child has to be pinned down in a full body restraint by three adults until the fury has passed .
As Stan thrashed , spat and tried to bite the adults restraining him , he betrayed the horrific experiences of his early years by screaming out shockingly explicit and unchildlike obscenities .
Kneeling beside him and pinning his arms , legs and skinny body to the floor , the members of staff took it in turns to speak to him in slow , calm and low - pitched monotones , explaining why he was being restrained , exploring what he might be feeling and suggesting techniques he could use to calm himself down .
As exhaustion overtook him , Stan 's passionate , flailing fury gave way to twitching anger beneath the adults who continued , as gently as possible , to hold him down .
Eventually , with his frenzy abated , he lay , spent and silent , listening passively to the single member of staff who remained holding him in a less restrictive , but still close , restraint , continuously talking him through what had just happened .
Foster or adoptive families find it impossible to deal with children such as Stan .
When local authorities try to place these children in families – sometimes without telling the new foster parents what the child has gone through or is capable of – the consequences are appalling .
They include the recent case of the family who sued their local authority after the 10 - year - old boy they adopted in Co Durham stabbed his adoptive father with a kitchen knife and attempted to sexually assault his half - sister .
Or the couple who took Essex county council 's adoption agency to court and won substantial damages after their adoptive son , who was five at the time of his placement , threatened to kill his pregnant , adoptive mother , putting her in hospital for several days .
One can only guess at a level of terror and brutality experienced by these small children that causes them to behave in such horrifying ways .
Local authorities are not obliged to keep data on adoption breakdowns , so there are no government statistics indicating whether there has been an increase as a result of children 's disruptive behaviour .
However , a survey in June of the 92 ( out of 450 ) local authorities in England , Scotland and Wales that do keep figures found a doubling in the past five years in the number of adoptive children returned to care because their new parents could not cope .
The increase is insidious – in the past year alone , the number of children returned to care by foster families unable to cope with their traumatised and uncontrollable behaviour increased by a third .
This increase comes despite a fall in the number of children being adopted overall : 4,637 children in 2007 , the lowest number since 1999 .
They might be the only people able to take on youngsters this damaged but there are no miracles at the Mulberry Bush .
The school can't take away what has happened to children like Stan .
Nevertheless , 45 minutes after we saw Stan carried from the classroom , kicking and screaming , he was back , calmly filling in a worksheet .
Shortly afterwards , when the girl sitting next to him exploded in a similar rage , throwing chairs and screeching like an animal in pain , Stan , who would usually have joined in , ignored her .
A few minutes after the second child had been carried from the room , with her arms wrapped tightly around her body to prevent her clawing the eyes of her care worker , Stan quietly walked over to his teacher .
He had finished his worksheet and wanted a gold star .
" The sight of three adults holding a primary - school age child in a full body restraint does look deeply shocking , and we would like to find a way to ensure the safety of these children , and those around them , without having to resort to physical intervention , " said Dave Roberts , who trains Mulberry Bush teachers in techniques approved by the British Institute of Learning Difficulties , which operates the only nationally accredited scheme for techniques of physical intervention suitable for children .
Roberts acknowledged that it was hard for the children to be held in this way , especially those who had been subjected to physical abuse .
" We try to minimise the stress by constantly feeding back to the children during the restraints what we are doing and why , " he said .
" But I think most of the children here need restraints to feel contained and safe when their fear , panic and anger begins to overwhelm them .
If we did n't restrain , their raw emotions would spill out and the school would implode in a ball of chaos . "
Chaotic , impulsive and unpredictable , these are the children often condemned by the press and public as " feral " .
Even the school 's own staff admit the children are often unlovable .
" Some of our pupils are the most abused , distrustful , cold and hardened of children , " said John Diamond , chief executive of the Mulberry Bush .
" They are so traumatised and confused that their behaviour can oscillate between being cut off and withdrawn , to aggressive attacks and outbursts of outrageous violence with no apparent trigger or motive . "
Everyone involved in Lucy 's care admits that this is her last chance to have anything like a normal life .
Like the other children at the school , her experiences have caused her to adopt behaviours so dangerous she is already well on her way to a life revolving around reform school , detention centres , lock - down units , prison and , in all likelihood , an early death .
John Turberville , the director of the school , said : " If these children are ever going to be able to have any sort of normal future – and if society is going to be prevented from suffering the fallout from their behaviours – it is desperately important that they develop some sort of understanding about their traumatic start to life . "
Bright , airy and compact , the Mulberry Bush is built on a radial model , with a central school surrounded by four smaller buildings in which the children are divided into small groups , to live in as close to a home environment as possible .
In these residential settings , the children learn what it means to co-operate , live with and relate to other children and adults in a normal , healthy way .
The children 's interactions are observed and closely managed by the " mother " or " father " of each house , then discussed in detail with the youngsters involved .
The hope is that , over time , the children will realise they are no longer alone and marginalised in a hostile world .
Eventually , the aim is to help them come to a degree of understanding about their early experiences and adopt new behaviours that could see them integrated , instead of ostracised , from wider society for the first time in their lives .
Such battles , however , are not easily won .
" Love is not enough for these children , " said Diamond .
" A well - intentioned but sentimental view of providing a bit of ' tender loving care ' will not work .
We practise ' stern love ' , which is all about using one 's determined personal authority to manage children in a robust and unambiguous way .
These children 's only hope of recovery requires great commitment and thoughtful relationship - building in a specialist holding environment , such as ours . "
Diamond is deeply concerned , though , about what he sees as the increasing social exclusion and outlawing of those children and young people most in need of loving care and attention .
" The so - called ' moral panics ' and social anxiety around these children invite us not to think but instead to rush into simplistic and concrete solutions which can demonise children and deepen mistrust and anxiety , " he said .
" There is very little public sympathy for profoundly disturbed children , even when they are as young as ours .
They 're not seen as victims .
People are incredibly sympathetic when cases like Baby P hit the headlines but when a child is excluded from three primary schools for stabbing teachers and causing general chaos , people often do n't look beyond that shocking and intimidating behaviour in their rush to condemn and demonise . "
The Mulberry Bush can offer sanctuary to a maximum of 40 children , referred by local authorities across the country as day or residential pupils .
During an average stay of three years , the independent , non-maintained residential special school strives to teach the most basic tenets of socially acceptable behaviour to children for whom family , friends , society and school are alien and frightening concepts .
But this is a great deal to expect from children so disturbed that they have commonly experienced between 25 and 30 failed fostering relationships before they arrive .
Diamond said the only thing the school could guarantee pupils was sanctuary .
For many children , simply staying at the school for three years is a massive breakthrough .
" We attempt to transform hate into love but the prognosis can often seem full of despair and hopelessness , " said Turberville .
" We have to keep alive the possibility of a hopeful outcome .
Our work is about embracing tiny possibilities of emotional growth towards the child becoming lovable . "
The uncomfortable truth is that it is impossible to gauge the success of the school 's ceaseless work and dedicated effort .
Incidents of aggression and antisocial behaviour drop by an average of 95 % per pupil .
But once the children return to a home environment , on the verge of adolescence , there is no guarantee this will be sustained .
" Over their time here , we hope to have done enough work with the child to enable them to be in a classroom , and to be less harmful and suicidal as adolescents , " said Caryn Onions , head of psychotherapy at the school .
" But we have to be realistic .
We will not have healed them .
Instead , the most we can hope is that we have helped them be more integrated into mainstream society . "
The near - impossibility of measuring success is a problem for the management team .
During the Observer 's visit , a letter arrived from a man in his late 50s .
Now living in America with a family of his own and working for Microsoft , the former pupil admitted that the decades after leaving the Mulberry Bush had been " horrendous " .
But , he added , in the last 10 years , he had become stable and happy .
His years at the school were his only positive experience while growing up , he said .
" So how should we judge success ? " remarks Diamond .
" A few years ago , this man would have been considered a failure .
Now he 's a success .
We also have to remember that some children want to forget they were ever so out of control that they had to come here .
I 'm not sure how helpful it would be for them to be contacted every year for a follow - up assessment . "
But although the outcomes are nebulous , the risk to the children – and to society – of doing less is too great to contemplate .
These children are often not only the victims of Baby P - like failures on the part of local councils but might well end up as perpetrators of similar tragedies , like the two brothers aged 10 and 11 who last September pleaded guilty to the grievous bodily harm of two younger children by subjecting them to planned torture , sexual humiliation and prolonged , sadistic violence in the South Yorkshire town of Edlington .
There was one simple way of ensuring children got more help , said Onions : earlier referrals from social services and local education authorities .
" There 's too much emphasis on keeping children in their abusive and neglectful families , " said Diamond .
" The reasons are multiple .
There are the financial causes : local authorities simply can't afford to give residential care to all children who need it .
" But there is also systemic failure , long before children get here , " he said .
" It 's not unusual for children to have six social workers in a single year , each of whom is overwhelmed by cases . "
But , said Turberville , the responsibility for these children cannot simply be laid at the door of social services .
" How many of us can honestly say we keep an eye on the safety of children in our community – or even know who they are ? " he asked .
" I 'm not saying that other countries do better but that 's no excuse for this mass collective shirking of responsibility towards our children .
At the Mulberry Bush , we see the terrible results of that failure every single day . "
The Administration put on a full court press this weekend to shore up Bernanke ’s confirmation vote , which was looking increasingly doubtful as of Friday .
Over the weekend , Democratic and Republican leaders in the Senate said they were confident that Bernanke would be confirmed .
The media took up the call , with stories appearing in virtually every MSM outlet blaring that Bernanke was in .
But how seriously should we take this declaration of victory ?
Contrary to the efforts to present the confirmation vote as sealed , it is not in the bag :
Of senators who made statements or were contacted by Bloomberg yesterday and today , 27 said they would vote for or were leaning in favor of Bernanke , while 16 were opposed or leaning against him , and 30 were undecided .
Jim Bianco made a tally Sunday afternoon and this was his bottom line :
Bernanke ’s reappointment vote is coming down to the wire , it is going to be close .
Recall that Bernanke was reappointed in August by Obama and the Senate Finance committee approved him on December 17 .
Now with seven days until his term expires , his nomination has gone from a sure thing to in doubt .
And , if you think this is not political , consider the 36 senate senate up for election in December : 8 said they would vote “ aye ” ( 5 democrats , 8 republicans ) 9 said they would vote “ no ” ( 3 democrats , 6 republicans ) 4 are publicly declared undecided and all are retiring and not running again ( 2 republicans and 2 democrats ) 15 have made no public statements , all are running for reelection ( 8 democrats , 6 republicans )
In other words , senators up for reelection are saying “ no ” at a rate of 47 % , not enough to get Bernanke reappointed let alone achieve 60 % for cloture .
Party affiliation does not matter .
Bianco thinks that what might push the nomination over was the biggish down day on Friday , which as one equities trader correspondent noted :
Also , I love how the MSM perpetuates the idea that a market sell off simply reflects “ investor fear ” over what a less bank - friendly Fed Chairman might portend .
It could n’t be that the banks themselves are doing the selling in order to create that appearance .
That could never happen .
Nope .
Never .
So the US has become a country of democracy by financial markets rather than the ballot box ,
Bianco believes , interestingly , that the market reaction is not over dismay at the prospect of losing Bernanke ( as Matt Yglesias points out , Bernanke being replaces as chairman makes less of a difference to the Fed than one might imagine ) than of the specter of the Administration floundering at the lack of a plan B .
So faithful ( and promiscuous ) readers , this is a long - winded introduction to saying this is a time when manning the phones and e-mails can make a difference .
Recall that on the first TARP vote , the House leadership thought it could push the vote through , and failed .
And while the banksters won in the end , the groundswell came out of the blue and stunned Congress .
Here we have a very different fact set , and a key leverage point .
A push to get the Senate to turn down Bernanke is not about Bernanke per se , even though Bernanke does not deserve to be Fed chair again .
Per Steve Keen ’s post today and other posts I have written , there is ample reason to replace Bernanke , starting with his intellectual capture and failed record .
What kind of endorsement is it to say someone is a decent firefighter when he was the one that helped torch the house in the first place ?
And even if you believe he did a good job in the crisis ( which I do not , the failure to examine the health of the major investment banks and plan for an failure in the wake of the Bear collapse ALONE is a shocking lapse ) , he is evidently satisfied to patch up the system with duct tape and baling wire .
Unreconstituted , unreformed , and more concentrated , the financial system will break down again , likely in a more spectacular way .
The real issue is that that the election of Scott Brown in Massachusetts has finally begun to penetrate the Administration reality distortion field .
Unfortunately , they still labor under the delusion that Obama ’s smooth talking and mere Potemkin reform can assuage those clearly irrational voters .
They just have to up their game , that ’s all .
So Tim Geithner momentarily retreats to the background , Volcker gets more photo ops , Obama scowls more when he talks about bankers , and they serve up some tough - sounding measures , like “ limiting ” proprietary trading …. which it turns out will , like every other “ reform ” Obama has proposed , leaves the status quo almost entirely intact .
While the Administration is still shaken and trying to regroup is time to keep the pressure high .
And unlike health care or bankers ’ bonuses , the Fed is not considered to be of much interest to the average voter .
So evidence of voter disapproval on a matter that would normally be off the popular radar screen will send a potent message that the public is engaged , is following the politics blow by blow , and is no longer easily snookered .
The Bernanke vote is a powerful way to send a message to the Administration that the public is NOT buying what they are selling on the financial front , and much more fundamental change is needed .
In particular , one finesse that some Senators are no doubt considering is a “ yes ” vote on cloture ( with Senators threatening to filibuster , the motion to end debate and proceed to a vote requires 60 votes to pass ) and a “ no ” vote on the confirmation ( which requires only a simple majority for Bernanke to be confirmed ) .
Thus Senators could say they voted ‘ no ” on Bernanke , yet have fallen in line with the vote that mattered , the cloture vote .
So it is important in contacting Senators to tell them specifically that you want a no on both the cloture vote AND the confirmation vote .
The vote could be as early as Wednesday , so calls and e-mails today and tomorrow are critical .
And the longer the confirmation process drags on , the more the momentum of the weekend ( the shoring up of Bernanke ) starts to dissipate .
Remember , if you are n’t part of the solution , you are part of the problem .
Turn up the heat .
This is a juncture when a big show of public interest can have an impact .
Flood senator ’s inboxes .
Here is a contact info , which you can search alphabetically or by state .
Keep it short and simple .
Michael Shedlock , who was effective in rallying his readers on previous votes , has this advice :
Whether they are in your state or not , please call 5 undecided senators .
Concentrate on the senate .
The house has no say on this .
What To Say : Make it simple so as to not tie up the lines … “ Vote No on Cloture to end debate on Bernanke .
I am opposed to the reappointment of Bernanke [ give your personal reason ] and I think we should start all over on health care [ or whatever you think about that issue ] .
” That part in bold is crucial .
Specifically say “ Vote No on Cloture ” .
Be prepared to name your city and give a zipcode .
Here is the Zip - Code Database .
Next call and email your senators with the same message .
Here is a directory sorted by state of all the Senators of the 111th Congress .
You can also look up the phone numbers in the Online Directory For The 111th Congress but the first link may be easier to use for just senators .
Here is the Sunday tally per Jim Bianco :
Senators who have said they are undecided :
Senators who have not taken a stand on Bernanke :
Time to quit complaining and take action .
Make a difference .
Watching our first Dragon Age : Awakening thread spiral into something huge ( though Awakenings itself is more like a traditional expansion than DLC per se ) , it ’s pretty clear that there ’s still a great mistrust of downloadable content , even when it comes from a respected developer .
Disproportionate at times , perhaps , but there is good reason for it – it ’s something that we ’ve definitely been let down down by a fair few times .
Everyone wants to spend more time with a game they ’ve really enjoyed , but lacklustre paid - for bonus content can actively diminish our fondness for a title .
We like to believe we ’re given hand - crafted adventures , made with love just for us , but when we ’re given something that feels cynical or sub-par , that bubble bursts .
It becomes harder to trust the game and its creators .
It should n’t be like that – so allow me to be your half - crazed , unforgiving street preacher .
It ’s absolutely wrong to say that there ’s anything inherently wrong with DLC – to the contrary , it ’s an opportunity to get more of what we enjoy , without having to wait years for ( and spend even more cash on ) a sequel .
But a lot of games do seem made with the expectancy of having DLC for DLC ’s sake , rather than a smart idea for DLC occurring naturally .
DLC is n’t something that ’s going to go away – it ’s big money and it generates a lot of interest .
So , rather than stupidly and masochistically demanding the whole thing stops altogether , let ’s instead stamp our feet prissily and demand some house rules : just a few things any prospective DLC should keep in mind from drawing board stage onwards .
DLC should be a term that makes us excited , not one that makes us worry and whine like a cat who ’s been presented with a different brand of canned , jellied meat to his usual one .
Anyway , on with the show – naming no names because it really is wrong to suggest there are specific supervillains in this regard .
Everyone ’s still learning how to best approach this still - new way of expanding games , after all .
But have Bible , will bash …
1 . Thou shalt not undermine the host game – that which we ’ve achieved should still mean something , not seem lesser in the face of or be undone by what follows .
2 . Thou shalt not leave the host game with a cliffhanger that you intend to resolve via later DLC .
We ’ve paid for a story , not a chapter .
3 . Thou shalt not attach a pricetag to small things that a free mini-mod does or could very easily provide .
Earn that pricetag rather than fobbing us off with fancily - packed tweaks , or make ’em free .
4 . Thou shalt not remove already - created content from the host game to sell later , leaving obvious gaps and shortening the experience we ’ve paid $ 30 + for .
5 . Thou shalt not shatter immersion by having in - game characters suggest you spend real - world money on downloadable content .
6 . Thou shalt not break old savegames .
7 . Thou shalt not be features or content that the developers do n’t genuinely care about , and want their fans to play .
Be made with passion and purpose , or not at all .
8 . Thou shalt not be more expensive than buying an entire other game .
9 . Thou shalt not split multiplayer communities by preventing DLC owners from generally playing with non-DLC owners , or by granting extra in - game advantages to DLC owners .
10 .
Thou shalt not be about bloody zombies yet again .
Um .
There ’s probably something better than that .
I really am bored of bonus zombie modes now , though .
You should suggest something else , though …
( I did n’t want to do the ‘ Thou shalt not ’ cliche , but I could n’t think of a better way .
Someone really needs to write a 10 Commandments Of Writing 10 Commandments lists list . )
Homosexual acts are punishable by 14 years in jail in Malawi Two gay men arrested in Malawi after getting engaged are to be charged with gross public indecency , police say .
" We arrested them because they committed an offence ; homosexuality in Malawi is illegal , " police spokesman Davie Chingwalu told the BBC .
Tiwonge Chimbalanga and Steven Monjeza held a traditional engagement ceremony over the weekend - believed to be the first gay couple in Malawi to do so .
Homosexual acts carry a maximum prison sentence of 14 years in Malawi .
The pair are being held in separate cells in Blantyre until their case is heard , Mr Chingwalu told the BBC's Network Africa programme .
Engagement party dress
The BBC's Raphael Tenthani in Blantyre says the pair have been seen relaxing at the police station with Mr Tiwonge still wearing the dress he wore at the engagement party .
Even if you charge them for 20 years , you cannot change their sexual orientation
CEDEP 's Gift Trapence
He says they may have to spend a few more nights in jail as the judiciary is on its Christmas recess and they will not be able to appear in court until next Monday .
Our correspondent says Malawi is a deeply conservative society , but recently a group of campaigners came together to form a gay rights organisation , Centre for the Development of People ( CEDEP ) .
CEDEP 's executive director , Gift Trapence , says the laws used to arrest the couple are invalid because they are against the Bill of Rights enshrined in the 1995 constitution .
" Even if you arrest them or charge them for 20 years , you cannot change their sexual orientation .
They are what they are , " he told the BBC .
" So the issue is in a democratic era - if you are arresting people based on their sexual orientation , are you doing justice to the fundamental human rights of these individuals ? " he said .
Correspondents say some voices in government have also started to call for more openness about homosexuality as the authorities try to tackle high rates of HIV / Aids .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Wikileaks , the anonymous whistleblowing website , says PayPal has frozen its account , frustrating its fundraising efforts .
The website , which has stopped publishing leaked documents during its donation drive , said that PayPal took the action on Saturday .
" This is the second time that this has happened .
The last time we struggled for more than half a year to resolve this issue , " Wikileaks wrote .
" By working with the respected and recognized German foundation Wau Holland Stiftung we tried to avoid this from happening again - apparently without avail . "
Wau Holland Stiftung is a Berlin - based foundation with links to the Chaos Computer Club , organisers of a prominent German hacking conference .
Wikileaks encouraged supporters to continue to donate via direct bank transfer .
Sunshine Press , the non-profit organisation behind the website , was aiming to collect enough to cover its $ 200,000 running costs by January 18 .
The normal site currently remains offline however .
" WikiLeaks is not the only non-profit organization with this problem , " it charged .
" This is a regular occurrence , that from our perspective should not be tolerated by the global community using this payment system . "
A PayPal spokeswoman said the firm would investigate the suspension . ®
Update
Wikileaks is now able to accept PayPal donations again .
PayPal 's spokeswoman said it had lifted the suspension on Saturday , suggesting it had been triggered by anti-money laundering systems .
For weeks , the major governing institutions of the European Union have been locked in a battle over three - strikes laws , Internet disconnections , and the appropriate role of judges in the process .
Just after midnight last night , the deadlock was broken and all parties agreed to a new " Internet freedom provision " that reinforces the presumption of innocence , the right to privacy , and the right to judicial review under any Internet sanctions .
The Internet freedom provision was the final sticking point for the massive Telecoms Package , a body of reform laws that will give national regulators greater authority to pass network neutrality rules , will allow mobile and landline telephone users to change operators in a single day while keeping their old numbers , and requires the mandatory notification of consumers when their personal data has been breached .
Last year , the European Parliament made clear that it wanted a tough amendment to the entire package that would require judicial oversight of any Internet disconnections targeting online copyright infringers .
That provision , which was eventually codified as amendment 138 , posts a clear challenge to France 's HADOPI law , which set up a non-judicial administrative body to issue Internet disconnections and maintain a national Internet blacklist .
France therefore used its clout in the Council of Ministers , which represents national governments and must agree to legislation emanating from the European Parliament , to ensure that amendment 138 would not pass in its current form .
After France 's top constitutional body ruled that the original HADOPI wrongly had a presumption of guilt and featured sanctions only properly issued by a judge , opposition softened .
The new agreement has been signed off on by the Council of Ministers , the negotiators from the European Parliament , and the European Commission , and looks to go into effect next year .
The new Internet freedom provision still allows " graduated response " laws and even Internet disconnections , but it does set down a baseline that all countries must follow .
According to the new provision , Internet sanctions may " only by imposed if they are appropriate , proportionate , and necessary within a democratic society . "
In addition , they can only " be taken with due respect for the principle of presumption of innocence and the right to privacy .
A prior fair and impartial procedure shall be guaranteed , including the right to be heard of the person or persons concerned
The right to an effective and timely judicial review shall be guaranteed . "
Note what 's different here from the original amendment 138 ; the right to judicial review is guaranteed on appeal , but the original sanction can be issued by a non-judicial authority like HADOPI .
La Quadrature du Net , the French group campaigning most strenuously against three - strikes laws it , likes the new provision but still has problems with it .
" The protection granted by the amendment only relates to measures taken by States , not private parties , " it says .
" Hence , restrictions imposed by operators at the request of right - holders do not fall under the scope of this provision . "
That 's true , but it's also the way things work now .
Check the fine print of your ISP contract ; most allow the ISP to stop serving users for any reason .
ISPs , not keen to disconnect their own customers , rarely do so .
The California Senate approved creating a government - run health care system for the nation ’s most populous state on Thursday , ignoring a veto threat from Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger .
Supporters said it is time for state legislatures to take up the debate as the Obama Administration ’s national health care proposal falters in Congress .
“ If it ’s not to be done at the national level , let us take the lead , ” said state Sen.
Christine Kehoe , D - San Diego .
ADVERTISEMENT
The move in California comes after Massachusetts voters changed the calculus in Congress by electing a Republican to the Senate who opposes the pending plan .
FULL STORY FOLLOW BELOW
Last year , ExxonMobil donated $ 7 million to a grab - bag of public policy institutes , including the Aspen Institute , the Asia Society and Transparency International .
It also gave a combined $ 125,000 to the Heritage Institute and the National Center for Policy Analysis , two conservative think tanks that have offered dissenting views on what until recently was called — without irony — the climate change " consensus . "
To read some of the press accounts of these gifts — amounting to about ...
When workers at Diageo's Johnnie Walker packaging plant in Kilmarnock agreed a redundancy deal days before Christmas it ended six months of bitter protests over the drinks group 's decision to sever links with the Ayrshire town after 189 years .
The plant 's closure marks the culmination of a tough year for the scotch whisky industry which has been forced to slash jobs in the face of a deep recession .
As with many of its consumers , scotch producers partied through several bumper years only to face a major financial headache last year .
Demand for the spirit began to slow in early 2009 and cracks began to appear in some of the industry 's traditional export markets .
Scotch Whisky Association ( SWA ) figures show sales , by value , were down 3.5 % at £ 2.1 bn for the first nine months of 2009 .
After the high of three boom years , which culminated in record exports of £ 3.1 bn in 2008 , last year was one of the toughest in recent memory for the industry .
Diageo prompted union fury by pushing through restructuring that will eliminate 900 jobs and end Johnnie Walker 's historic links with Kilmarnock .
Whyte & Mackay , owned by Indian billionaire Vijay Mallya , cut a third of its workforce , while in November the Edrington Group announced plans to mothball Tamdhu , the Speyside distillery – whose malt is a main component of Famous Grouse – for only the second time in its 112 - year history .
But SWA public affairs manager David Williamson says the figures for 2009 were " encouraging " as conditions had improved after a " tough " first quarter : " Scotch whisky has been recession - resilient if not recession - immune . "
A surge in exports to countries such as Venezuela , which jumped 83 % , helped offset problem markets such as Singapore where sales slumped 20 % .
Diageo says the restructuring of its Scottish operation was not a defensive move but the magnitude of the global recession is seen to have hastened its progress .
Johnnie Walker sales fell 11 % last year while J&B , a favourite tipple of Spaniards when mixed with Coke , was off 13 % as whisky exports to the recession - ravaged country plunged 26 % .
Edrington said the mothballing of Tamdhu was to " rebalance its distillation capacity " after the downturn " flattened " sales .
It is not the first time the industry has faced a hiatus .
In the late 1970s , exuberant sales estimates resulted in the so - called " Whisky Loch " .
But distillers were forced to turn down production and mothball sites after growth fell short of expectations .
Exports also slumped during the Asian economic crisis : dropping from £ 2.4bn in 1997 back to £ 2bn in 1998 .
About 9,500 people , many in economically deprived parts of Scotland , are employed directly by the industry – though the UK supply chain has more than 60,000 workers .
Geography was a significant factor in the political firestorm that followed Diageo 's decision to close the Johnnie Walker bottling plant in Kilmarnock and the Port Dundas grain distillery in Glasgow , even though 400 new jobs are being created at its Cameron Bridge grain distillery in Fife .
The bitter six month - long dispute was only resolved in recent days when workers voted to accept the redundancy package .
Diageo says history is not repeating itself and that its strategy remains unchanged despite straitened times .
" The industry got it badly wrong in the 70s , " says Ken Robertson , head of corporate relations at Diageo Whisky , who says consolidation and sophisticated forecasting methods mean the industry is a leaner , more efficient beast today .
" The restructuring was not driven by the recession but by a long - term view of our business and the way we see investment panning out in the future . "
Scotch accounts for a quarter of Diageo 's sales with the lion 's share of its whisky output , which also includes Bell 's , Bushmills and Benmore , destined for export .
" We need to get our business to a place where we can meet long - term sustainable growth , " adds Robertson .
He says the industry learned a harsh lesson from the " Whisky Loch " years as they were followed by two decades of tough love , when growth bumped along at 0.5 % .
It was only five years ago that flowering demand from India , China and emerging markets gave the industry grounds for optimism .
" We have had to put on capacity to meet long - term demand and I 'd argue that is the right call to make , " says Robertson , who adds that the company has factored several recessions into its growth plans .
" Individual companies will be making adjustments based on what they see ahead and the amount of stock they are sitting on . "
The SWA insists that scotch producers still have a bright future .
The export figures for 2009 will not be available for several weeks but Williamson says the final quarter is an important period accounting for 40 % of malt sales and 30 % of blended scotch .
He adds that making whisky is a marathon not a sprint : to be labelled scotch whisky , the spirit must mature in oak casks for at least three years .
" It is a long - term business , " he says .
" What is distilled today will not be scotch whisky by law until after the London Olympic Games [ in 2012 ] – or bottled by the Rio de Janeiro games in 2016 . "
Despite the gloom that descended last year , SWA figures suggest investment is running at its highest level since the early 1970s , with more than £ 500 m earmarked for new distilleries , extensions and bottling plants in the past two years .
After the drastic cuts in the 1980s the number of licensed distilleries has risen to 109 , with a further seven in prospect , including Diageo 's new malt whisky distillery at Roseisle in Speyside , which will open in the spring .
The export potential of scotch has been boosted by sophisticated marketing that has helped shed the bagpipes - and - shortbread image and acquire a luxury cachet .
Mallya's £ 600 m acquisition of Whyte & Mackay in 2007 was viewed as a defensive measure ahead of the eventual opening - up of the vast Indian market , where just 1 % of whisky drunk is scotch , and there is a burgeoning middle class .
" Right now things are difficult on a global basis , " adds Robertson .
" The industry has to hold its nerve and keep its long - term perspective . "
New world whiskies put Scottish pride on the rocks
A tough year for exports of scotch whisky coincided with some big blows to Scotland 's distilling pride .
In the awards stakes , 2009 was a year of success for overseas whiskies and Scotland 's claim to be the world 's finest producer came under threat from distilleries in America , Japan , India and even England .
Early this year international whisky authority Jim Murray named 18 - year - old Sazerac Rye from Kentucky in America the finest whisky in the world .
Its top billing in Murray 's 2010 Whisky Bible pushed Ardbeg Supernova from Islay into second place , while there was further upset for the scotch industry with his third place choice – it went to a single malt distilled in Bangalore called Amrut Fusion .
Japanese producers have also been enjoying widespread acclaim for their malts , piling up awards and exporting their whiskies around the world , including onto the shelves of UK supermarkets .
England got in on the act in 2009 , as the English Whisky
Co bottled the first English whisky for more than a century at its distillery in Norfolk and has even been shipping to Scotland .
Katie Allen
Last week ,
White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said he ’d check on whether the United States would consider suspending aid to Uganda if the “ kill gays ” bill passed .
( You ’d think it would be a no - brainer , but , no .
Nothing LGBT - related ever is . )
Maybe Gibbs should check in with Senator Ron Wyden ( D - OR ) .
Today , Wyden , who is the new chairman of the International Trade Subcommittee on the Senate Finance Committee , asked the Obama foreign relations team ( U.S. Trade Rep. Ron Kirk and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ) to let Uganda know that the country will lose its duty - free status if the homophobic law passes .
From Wyden ’s letter :
I write today out of grave concern about the Anti-Homosexuality Bill being considered by Ugandan Parliament .
The proposed legislation would incarcerate or sentence to death lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender ( LGBT ) Ugandans for engaging in private sexual acts , as well as those citizens who provide emotional , financial , or medical assistance for LGBT Ugandans .
There are few words that could adequately express the barbarity of the Ugandan proposal .
Secretary Clinton , you made it clear in your December 14th , 2009 , speech at Georgetown University on the Human Rights Agenda for the 21st Century , that “ we think it ’s important for the United States to stand against ” violence and discrimination against LGBT persons .
You identified the persecution of LGBT persons around the world as “ a new frontier in the minds of many people about how we protect the LGBT community . ”
Before us is a concrete opportunity to demonstrate our commitment to ending violence and discrimination against LGBT persons worldwide .
( emphasis added )
As you know , Uganda is a beneficiary of the African Growth and Opportunity Act ( AGOA ) , which was signed in to law in 2000 .
AGOA provides duty - free treatment to imports originating from beneficiary African countries .
Beneficiaries of AGOA must meet certain eligibility criteria , one of which is to not engage in “ gross violations of internationally recognized human rights , ” and the jurisprudence in the area of international human rights supports respect of sexual orientation and gender identity as human rights .
I strongly urge you to communicate immediately to the Ugandan government , and President Yoweri Museveni directly , that Uganda ’s beneficiary status under AGOA will be revoked should the proposed legislation be enacted .
( my emphasis again ) President Museveni was an early and active proponent of AGOA and knows first - hand the significance of the legislation and the seriousness that Congress employed in shaping it .
The significance of Uganda losing its AGOA beneficiary status will not be lost on President Museveni and other leaders in sub-Saharan Africa .
Additionally , my understanding is that Uganda benefits from a regime similar to AGOA that is implemented by the European Union ( EU ) : the Everything But Arms ( EBA ) agreement .
I ask that the EU be consulted to determine whether Uganda also risks its EBA benefits should it enact the proposed Anti-Homosexuality Bill .
I do n’t expect the Ugandan government to all of the sudden become accepting .
But , the President and his fellow leaders have to understand that there will be consequences if the bill passes .
Maybe next time Gibbs gets a question about Uganda , he can at least mention the AGOA and Uganda ’s responsibilities under that agreement .
Enter your shipping address and get your free STRIKEPEN ™ – The STRIKEPEN ™ makes for the perfect self - defense tool :
It ’s discreet , compact and easy to carry yet is solid enough to pack a brutal blow that will knockout any opponent .
Plus , it ’s a fully functional pen you ’re going to use every day .
Free Business Cards
Online print shop for all your business needs .
We offer you the most convenient way to get high quality business cards , and we give them to you FREE .
The lowest prices on custom business printing guaranteed .
High quality paper , business cards , brochures , envelopes , letterhead , stationery , invitations , online printing , and much more at unbeatable prices !
So why hassle with a print shop when you can order your free business cards without leaving home ?
Why pay high prices ?
And why settle for printing your business cards at home in one or two color when you can get professionally printed , full - color business cards for free ?
When you think about business colors , you automatically think about black , white , and other neutral colors .
This is because these colors look serious .
And in business , everybody wants to be taken seriously .
You can observe this in business suits , office colors , and business cards .
For business cards , what you normally see are black and white business cards .
This is the standard color scheme used .
Sure , they look very business - like but they are just like the rest .
They will not stand out or get noticed , which is what you want for your business in the first place .
Standard colors are probably okay for businesses that are already known , but not for businesses that are just starting to establish their names .
If you just started a business , it is better to use full color business cards .
There are several reasons why you should use colored business cards rather than plain black and white .
Here are the reasons why .
• Like what was mentioned earlier , business cards that use different colors other than black and white will stand out .
When you open your wallet , you will immediately notice a colored business card in the sea of black and white cards .
That is why using a colored business card is a great way to make other people notice or know about your business .
• Another reason why you should choose a colored business card is because it shows how much effort you have put into creating your business cards .
This just shows how dedicated you are as a businessman .
People or potential customers will like it when the person they are dealing with shows dedication because it means that he is someone who will also be dedicated in his dealings and undertakings .
• This will also show your creativity .
Business should not just be about serious matters .
It should also include creativity and imagination , especially on the marketing side .
A business person who shows creativity even in small things like creating full color business cards is someone who will also be creative in business strategies and problem solving .
• Using colors when printing free business cards allows you to present your logos or brands correctly .
It is important to print out your logos or brands in their original colors , not just black and white .
This will let other people recognize your company easily .
Unless you are a well - known company , you should introduce your logos and brands in their original colors .
• Using colored business cards also allows other people to remember your company easily .
Imagine if a person saw your company ’s logo .
He will instantly remember the colored business card inside his wallet .
He will say “ That is the company with the cool business card ” or something like that .
And as you know , retention is important in marketing .
That is why you should try your best to make other people remember your company by using unique marketing strategies .
These are some reasons why you should use colored free business cards .
If you have a new business , you should also think about using this strategy so that other people will know and remember your company .
Deputy Foreign Minister Daniel Eyalon on Sunday prevented the entry of a Belgian minister into the Gaza Strip .
" Your visit will only bolster Hamas and legitimize it , " Ayalon told Belgian Development Cooperation Minister Charles Michel .
Failed Diplomacy Ayalon apologizes following Turkish deadline Amnon Meranda President Peres , Prime Minister Netanyahu demand Foreign Ministry issue clear apology following public humiliation of Turkish ambassador .
Turkish PM
Erdogan says his country received ' the expected , desired answer . '
Seventeen MKs send letter of apology of their own to Turkish envoy Ayalon apologizes following Turkish deadline
The latter expressed indignation at not being allowed to enter the Strip , as a representative of a country which is funding projects there .
Ayalon and Michel held a meeting in Jerusalem Sunday morning , during which the Belgian minister explained that he wishes to visit Gaza on humanitarian grounds in order to offer the local residents his government 's aid .
Ayalon , adhering to the government 's declared policy , denied his request .
" You are in good company , " he told Michel .
" The French foreign minister and a Turkish minister were also denied a permit to visit Gaza . "
Last October Israel caused a diplomatic stir with its decision to deny French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner to visit the Strip .
State officials rejected claims according to which the step led to Kouchner 's visit to Israel , while French elements remained dissatisfied as the visit was intended to support the founding of a hospital in the Gaza Strip .
Kouchner eventually arrived in Israel and met with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and did not enter the Strip .
Ayalon explained to the Belgian minister that his rejection stems from " our regular policy , in order to prevent Hamas from using these visits in a detrimental way . "
He added that " the humanitarian aid reaches Gaza - from food , through to medicine all the way to windowpanes .
However , political visits are prohibited . "
Sources at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs confirmed the report , and stressed that Israel continues to abide by the assumption that such visits provide support to the Hamas government .
Nevertheless , Israel will continue to allow the transfer of humanitarian aid into the Strip despite the decision to close the goods terminals following the abduction of Gilad Shalit and the firing of rockets and mortar bombs by Hamas .
Sweep the Leg
Posted January 7 , 2010 at 7:00 pm
George is starting his martial arts training ... because being a zombie is n't enough of a killing machine .
Sheesh .
Here 's a little more info on the Dim - Mak or " Touch of Death " .
Farewell The Faeries The Durhams had a discussion a few weeks back .
A big one , in a way .
It marks the end of an era , and was particularly relevant to the Holiday season .
Let me go back to the beginning , though ...
About five years ago I heard a story on NPR .
It was about how children at five and six and seven , etc very much still had the capacity to believe in magic .
I recall the story feeling quite special , as if the presenter had taken advantage of that to build a real fantasy life into his kids ' childhood .
I rather liked the idea , so I tried to give it a shot myself .
There 's Santa , of course .
My kids had no problem buying into that .
Personally , I find it a bit problematic .
The notion of a jolly old white gentleman breaking in to houses all across the world to leave presents for kids - some kids , not all - is actually kinda weird .
But I 'm no spoilsport .
I went with it .
But lots of kids believe in Santa .
I wanted to push it a little further .
I asked my daughter if she believed in faeries , and of course she did .
As Maya was learning to read , I thought perhaps a fairy could give her some encouragement .
So Maya began receiving letters from Sandy , The Reading Fairy of Western Massachusetts .
They would just appear at some point , printed out and placed in some obvious space .
Sandy would praise Maya on her recent successes , and then give her words to practice , reading goals , encouragement .
Maya loved it .
She wrote letters back .
She had absolutely no problem believing in Sandy - or none that she expressed - and seemed to get a lot out of it .
Not long after , there was a bit of a tragedy in our house .
One of our cats - very much beloved - went missing .
It was pretty clear old Boy - Boy had likely become a meal for a fox , coyote or fishercat .
He stayed out one night and did n't come back .
Them woods are dangerous .
Maya and Sage were devastated .
Not much that we could say helped .
But then , they got a note from the Cat Fairy .
The Cat Fairy is the fairy charged with protecting and looking after cats .
She had heard that Maya and Sage were upset , and did a little detective work .
She said she thought that Boy - Boy had gone on an adventure .
She could n't be sure .
She 'd heard a bit about him from other cats , but she had n't spoken to him herself .
She admitted that it 's a dangerous world out there , and that cats do get killed by other animals , but she left the possibility that Boy - Boy was just too adventurous to stay at home .
This seems to have helped them deal with it .
It did n't hurt that we promptly got another cat - Dolphin - to keep our cat population at two .
This began a correspondence that continued on and off for several years .
Maya was always keen to give the Cat Fairy feline - related news ...
And she always got responses , like this ( It 's a crinkled note , but may be readable if you click on it ) ...
I 've got an folder filled with letters like this .
A bit of treasure that I 'll hand over to Maya one day , I hope .
And then there was Sage .
He 'd had a front row seat to all of this , but there had to be a fairy especially for him .
There was .
The Snake Fairy ...
See , Sage 's favorite animals are snakes .
Always has been .
Go figure .
The Snake Fairy was very happy to hear from Sage , and they struck up a correspondence .
This mostly involved Sage impressing the Snake Fairy with his knowledge of rare types of snakes .
The boy 's knowledge is impressive , actually ...
Thing is , the approach of Christmas this year caused a change in all this .
Apparently , a friend of theirs challenged the notion of Santa Claus .
This , in turn , led Sage to bring the topic up with Gudrun .
And she , in turn , pushed the question my way .
So ... for a variety of other reasons we figured it was time to come clean .
We did .
The kids took it with considerable humor .
Maya knew already .
Sage gleefully recalled presents from the past , things stuck in stockings , cookies and whiskey set out for Santa .
( Yes , I had to confess finishing those off . )
He could n't believe that Gudrun and me had done all that stuff !
( And yes , it was nice to get the belated credit . )
But , how , you may ask , did this last holiday go ?
Wonderfully .
Really wonderfully .
We barely mentioned Santa Claus .
We did , however , spend a lot of time and energy finding , making and giving each other presents .
Lots of hugs , lots of thanks .
Okay , so there are n't so many faeries around the Durham household anymore , but there 's that much more love and appreciation for each other .
So there 's still magic .
The Durhams had a discussion a few weeks back .
A big one , in a way .
It marks the end of an era , and was particularly relevant to the Holiday season .
Let me go back to the beginning , though ... About five years ago I heard a story on NPR .
It was about how children at five and six and seven , etc very much still had the capacity to believe in magic .
I recall the story feeling quite special , as if the presenter had taken advantage of that to build a real fantasy life into his kids ' childhood .
I rather liked the idea , so I tried to give it a shot myself .
There 's Santa , of course .
My kids had no problem buying into that .
Personally , I find it a bit problematic .
The notion of a jolly old white gentleman breaking in to houses all across the world to leave presents for kids - some kids , not all - is actually kinda weird .
But I 'm no spoilsport .
I went with it .
But lots of kids believe in Santa .
I wanted to push it a little further .
I asked my daughter if she believed in faeries , and of course she did .
As Maya was learning to read , I thought perhaps a fairy could give her some encouragement .
So Maya began receiving letters from Sandy , The Reading Fairy of Western Massachusetts .
They would just appear at some point , printed out and placed in some obvious space .
Sandy would praise Maya on her recent successes , and then give her words to practice , reading goals , encouragement .
Maya loved it .
She wrote letters back .
She had absolutely no problem believing in Sandy - or none that she expressed - and seemed to get a lot out of it .
Not long after , there was a bit of a tragedy in our house .
One of our cats - very much beloved - went missing .
It was pretty clear old Boy - Boy had likely become a meal for a fox , coyote or fishercat .
He stayed out one night and did n't come back .
Them woods are dangerous .
Maya and Sage were devastated .
Not much that we could say helped .
But then , they got a note from the Cat Fairy .
The Cat Fairy is the fairy charged with protecting and looking after cats .
She had heard that Maya and Sage were upset , and did a little detective work .
She said she thought that Boy - Boy had gone on an adventure .
She could n't be sure .
She 'd heard a bit about him from other cats , but she had n't spoken to him herself .
She admitted that it 's a dangerous world out there , and that cats do get killed by other animals , but she left the possibility that Boy - Boy was just too adventurous to stay at home .
This seems to have helped them deal with it .
It did n't hurt that we promptly got another cat - Dolphin - to keep our cat population at two .
This began a correspondence that continued on and off for several years .
Maya was always keen to give the Cat Fairy feline - related news ...
And she always got responses , like this ( It 's a crinkled note , but may be readable if you click on it ) ...
I 've got an folder filled with letters like this .
A bit of treasure that I 'll hand over to Maya one day , I hope .
And then there was Sage .
He 'd had a front row seat to all of this , but there had to be a fairy especially for him .
There was .
The Snake Fairy ...
See , Sage 's favorite animals are snakes .
Always has been .
Go figure .
The Snake Fairy was very happy to hear from Sage , and they struck up a correspondence .
This mostly involved Sage impressing the Snake Fairy with his knowledge of rare types of snakes .
The boy 's knowledge is impressive , actually ... Thing is , the approach of Christmas this year caused a change in all this .
Apparently , a friend of theirs challenged the notion of Santa Claus .
This , in turn , led Sage to bring the topic up with Gudrun .
And she , in turn , pushed the question my way .
So ... for a variety of other reasons we figured it was time to come clean .
We did .
The kids took it with considerable humor .
Maya knew already .
Sage gleefully recalled presents from the past , things stuck in stockings , cookies and whiskey set out for Santa .
( Yes , I had to confess finishing those off . )
He could n't believe that Gudrun and me had done all that stuff !
( And yes , it was nice to get the belated credit . )
But , how , you may ask , did this last holiday go ?
Wonderfully .
Really wonderfully .
We barely mentioned Santa Claus .
We did , however , spend a lot of time and energy finding , making and giving each other presents .
Lots of hugs , lots of thanks .
Okay , so there are n't so many faeries around the Durham household anymore , but there 's that much more love and appreciation for each other .
So there 's still magic .
Labels : Family Stuff
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Up to £ 100 m of cannabis is grown in Scotland a year , more than the Scottish vegetable crop , according to the man leading the fight against the industry .
Police north of the border uncovered 111 drugs factories in the past year .
However , Det Supt Alan Buchanan from Strathclyde Police estimated about 10 times that amount was being cultivated .
He told BBC Scotland the industry was mostly led by south - east Asian gangs , with profits funding other crimes such as people trafficking and prostitution .
Alan Buchanan called for landlords to be made more accountable Det Supt Buchanan told BBC Scotland that cannabis farming has brought Chinese organised crime into suburban areas on an unprecedented scale .
" Almost without exception the community that are involved in the UK are south - east Asian , Vietnamese and Chinese individuals , " he said .
" The majority are of Chinese origin - about 76 % - and about 20 % are Vietnamese .
" Almost all of these individuals are illegal immigrants , they 've paid to come here illegally and most are working off a debt by being gardeners or looking after a cultivation on behalf of people involved in organised crime . "
The officer said cannabis cultivations were now being set up in residential areas across the country .
" It 's very much on people 's doorsteps , it 's next door to them , it 's in tenement flats , upstairs / downstairs , " he said .
DRUG FACTORIES UNCOVERED IN SCOTLAND BY OPERATION LEAGUE IN THE LAST YEAR Strathclyde - 79 Lothian and Borders - 11 Tayside - 5 Northern - 4 Fife - 4 Grampian - 4 Central - 3 Dumfries and Galloway - 1
" Almost without exception these are in domestic properties and 94 % of them are in the buy - to - let market .
" They are making millions of pounds out of this and this is going towards funding other criminality , including people trafficking , prostitution and fraud .
It 's an evolving circle of criminality . "
Det Supt Buchanan said police seizures of the plants are only the tip of the iceberg .
" Every force in Scotland , and in the UK , has a cannabis cultivation problem .
" Of the ones that we 're finding , we 'd estimate that there 's probably another ten times that out there . "
The Strathclyde force - Scotland 's largest - set up Operation League to target cannabis cultivations .
It uncovered 111 factories in the past year , compared to 131 over the previous two years of police operations .
Police said insurance companies were paying out millions of pounds each year because of the damage the factories caused to rented properties .
Utility companies are also losing about £ 67 m in revenue each year because the ' gardeners ' are bypassing electricity supplies .
A Glasgow flat which was damaged by a fire in a neighbour 's cannabis farm Det Supt Buchanan said there had been seven serious fires in his force area caused by the electricity being bypassed .
" Fortunately we 've not had any injuries so far but it 's only a matter of time before one of these fires kills either the gardeners or their neighbours . "
He called for landlords to be made more accountable about finding out who is staying in their property and why .
" In total , 60 % of property owners affected in Scotland have taken no form of identification , have taken cash in hand and could n't tell the police who 's in their house and what it 's being used for , " he said .
" We would like to see some sort of requirement on home owners - whether it 's through licensing or some other means - which says if you 're going to profit from the buy - to - let market you or your agent have to manage the property effectively .
" Is it right that people can profit from their house 's rent when it 's the proceeds of crime ?
We do n't think so . "
Hash in the Attic will be broadcast on Tuesday , 3 November on BBC One Scotland at 2235 GMT .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In the numerous hours you ’ve spent surfing the Internet , I ’m sure you ’ve come across countless online content with titles that start with numerals and go along the lines of these headings like “ 40 Most Inspiring … “ , “ 65 Incredible … “ , and “ 10 Most Popular… “ .
Content with titles such as these are called – List Articles and regardless of the content being design related or not , list articles are fast becoming a highly popular trend in the blogging sphere .
Popular social media sites like Delicious , Digg , StumbleUpon or Twitter also play a huge role in circulating list articles among web savvy individuals like you .
This begs the question , what is it about list articles that allows it to thrive in social media sites ?
Today we take a closer look at some of the reasons behind the success of this fast - growing trend .
Image credit : HippoPapa+mum
Why are List Articles so Popular ?
List articles are usually defined as a round - up , mash - up or a consolidated article .
The nature of these types of articles does not allow an in depth discussion about the subject matter .
Instead , they give an overall view of the topic by showcasing big , clear and attractive visuals for the reader to enjoy .
Fast and Easy is a Plus
The popularity of products like instant noodles , fast food outlets and 3 - in - 1 shampoo says a lot about the nature of people today .
Convenience is of utmost importance and to be able to get something fast and easy is a plus .
This stems from the fact that our society is becoming more impatient and they want to be able to obtain information and answers quickly and effortlessly .
Image credit : Adreamdeferred
Think of list articles as a mini one - stop - centre , where inspiration and creative ideas are stocked .
List articles ensure that you get all the information you need , all in one link , without having to open multiple tabs .
With a good list article , all the work is done for you .
As such , list articles have become popular with readers today .
In time , with the rise in the supply and demand of list articles , blogs that ride the popularity wave of this trend will continue to gain followers and exposure .
Make them Bite Size
Statistics have shown that people read slower online .
Although many online articles are intriguing , our eyes tire more easily when reading from a monitor as compared to reading from a hardcopy source like books , magazines or newspapers .
As such when consolidating information in a list article , keeping it bite sized helps the reader absorb the information more easily and quickly .
Image credit : Bakerella
The use of pretty images and concise text is one of the main characteristics of the list article .
This saves the reader ’s time and energy as they would not have to surf through hundreds of web pages to obtain information .
Easy Access List
Search engine results do not remain the same even if you input the exact same key words because there are always changes and newer web pages available .
As such links obtained from a previous search may not be listed in the new search results .
List articles function like a mini library in which links and information is grouped accordingly by subject matter .
Users now only need to bookmark one list article link to be able to gain access to all the relevant websites regarding the topic of interest .
Inspiration Provider
List articles also help those in need of inspiration and creativity as they consolidate large amounts of information and images of any given subject in one list .
This means that you do not have to go through the time - consuming and tedious work of sifting through galleries and articles to figure out what the latest trend is .
Image credit : Kelly Mason
If you are having problems designing your next portfolio , browsing through some list articles may help you get a little inspiration , and clear you of your Designer ’s Block .
Increased Exposure
The World Wide Web is massive .
There are so many websites and domains in existence now that , sadly , some of them never see the light of day and remain unknown to the masses .
This could be due to many reasons , like the country ’s domain , complication of the Search Engine Optimization , language barrier etcetera .
However , list articles reduce the likelihood of that and provide readers with a higher chance of exposure to more sites available on the web .
15 Design and Development List Powerhouses
There are many prominent blogs in existence today .
Some focus their content on providing users with list articles on various topics .
Others include more sophisticated and in - depth articles like tutorials , case studies and research based content .
We have put together 15 of the top design and development blogs containing some of the best list articles in circulation on the web .
HongKiat
The Grandmaster of list article blogs , many of their article titles start with a number , more so that most other blogs .
InstantShift
i Shift , founded by DKumar M and Daniel Adams , constantly provides great list articles almost on a daily basis .
Smashing Magazine
Smashing Magazine strikes a balance between the use of list articles and other types of articles on their website .
The design and development content is useful and intriguing for those in the community .
1stwebdesigner
1stwebdesigner is a design blog dedicated to bloggers , freelancers , web - developers and designers .
The blog has many list articles written by creator Dainis Graveris .
Abduzeedo
The king of design list articles , Abduzeedo has a vast collection of inspiration visuals and useful tutorials .
Webdesigner Depot
Webdesigner Depot has published a wide range of articles in various forms related to web and graphic design .
InspiredMag
Most of the articles that are popular among readers are InspiredMag ’s list articles and the topics vary from iPhones to WordPress .
DesignM.ag
A community - based website for web designers and developers , DesignM.ag provides list articles as well as other great articles for their readers .
Noupe
Despite being run under a new company , Smashing Media GmbH , Noupe has kept up the standard and continued to produce some of the most inspirational list articles around .
Speckyboy
Speckyboy Design Magazine publish articles on topics regarding CSS , Firefox , Photography and WordPress .
Naldz Graphics
Managed by Ronald Bien , Naldz Graphics is a design blog that publishes high quality lists of tutorials , freebies and other useful resources for the design community .
Tripwire Magazine
Tripwire Magazine is a web blog that provides useful inspirational lists and tutorials for both web designers and web developers .
Six Revisions
Six Revisions is a website that publishes practical and useful articles for designers and web developers .
Although it has slowly shifted its focus more towards teaching and tutorial based articles , they still publish some great list articles occasionally .
Smashing Apps
Smashing
Apps never fails to inspire their readers with great list articles of free and useful online resources for designers and developers alike .
Web Design Ledger
A platform for sharing web design related knowledge and resources , Web Design Ledger publish list articles on various topics like design inspirational tips and tutorial and everything in between .
15 Flourishing Design and Development Blogs
Now we ’d like to share with you 15 relatively new design and development blogs with superb list articles as well as other comprehensive content .
These up and coming blogs definitely deserve our attention so do check them out !
10Steps.SG
Founded by Johnson Koh , 10 Steps .SG focuses on providing great list articles on Photoshop tutorials for the community .
Design Informer
Less than a few months old , Design Informer , created by Jad Limacaco has a great mix of list articles and intellectual discussion articles .
This blog is definitely worth taking a look at and putting it on your watch list .
Aext.net
Aext .net is a comprehensive site with articles mainly focused on programming and development topics perfect for developers to get additional inspiration .
Little Box Of Ideas
Showcasing gorgeous design inspirational works , Little Box of Ideas is barely 1 year old started by Sneh .
GeekSucks
Providing a wide variety of topics , GeekSucks has content that is sure to inspire and entertain you at the same time .
PV .M Garage
PV.M
Garage ’s list articles are interesting and of good standard , providing to be a useful tool for web designers and developers .
Designrfix
Designrfix has a huge library of tutorials as well as list articles of all of the hot topics in the design world although it is barely a year old .
Pelfusion
Pelfusion is quickly making a name for itself as a design and development blog with great list articles and content despite being in this field for less than a year .
Web Design Mash
An up and coming blog , Web Design Mash ’s focus is on providing good list articles on design .
Web Design Booth
Created as a blog to discuss about resources for web developers and designers , creator Dicky ensures that Web Design Booth provides good content and maintains its popularity .
Creativeoverflow
A relatively new graphic design blog , Creativeoverflow concentrates on providing list articles on Photoshop and illustrations .
Fudegraphics
Also a graphic blog , Fudegraphics provides list articles with professional designers and web developers in mind .
Creative Nerds
Creative Nerds has a fantastic range of list articles that is both inspiring and helpful to designers and developers alike .
Vandelay Design Blog
Vandelay Design
Blog offers many inspirational and useful list articles for web and graphic designers .
Dzinepress
Dzinepress is a web designing and development blog that has constantly provided fantastic list articles focused on areas such as web design , digital art , print media , tutorials and graphic design .
Interesting Read
List Articles : Not a Hit with Everyone
Although there are a great many people who like list articles , there are some who detest them .
List articles are seen by some as something with no value , because it is easy to consolidate resources and have it compiled into a list ; a task that can be done by anyone .
They feel that a list is only credible if there are statistics to prove its worth and it is determined by a group of people , instead of just the opinion of a single writer .
There are also some concerns that list articles inhibit the development and growth of the design community , as the need and interest in constructive discussion and creative brain storming are being neglected .
Will the List Trend Prevail ?
There are new list articles published every one or two days and they can be very easily outdated as there is constantly new content published on the World Wide Web .
However , even with this huge influx of content on the web , as long as list articles continue to be updated and become even more comprehensive than current list articles , the trend is not likely to die down anytime soon .
Although list articles have their benefits for today ’s fast paced society , there should be a balance .
It is important to remember that variety and moderation allows the web to remain fresh and keeps things interesting .
We still need a healthy influx of intriguing and intellectual content that is not summarised or in the form of a list .
Lists articles also run the risk of reducing healthy thought - provoking discussions and content .
However , we would love to hear your thoughts regarding this trend that ’s taking the World Wide Web by storm .
Do you love or hate this phenomenal development ?
If you know of any unknown blogs that produce good list articles regularly , feel free to share them with us as well .
The United States will become a second - rate economic power unless it can match the educational performance of its rivals abroad and get more of its students to achieve at the highest levels in math , science and literacy .
Virtually every politician , business leader and educator understands this , yet the country has no national plan for reaching the goal .
To make matters worse , Americans have remained openly hostile to the idea of importing strategies from the countries that are beating the pants off us in the educational arena .
The No Child Left Behind
Act , passed four years ago , was supposed to put this problem on the national agenda .
Instead , the country has gotten bogged down in a squabble about a part of the law that requires annual testing in the early grades to ensure that the states are closing the achievement gap .
The testing debate heated up last month when national math and reading scores showed dismal performance across the board .
Lurking behind these test scores , however , are two profoundly important and closely intertwined topics that the United States has yet to even approach : how teachers are trained and how they teach what they teach .
These issues get a great deal of attention in high - performing systems abroad -- especially in Japan , which stands light years ahead of us in international comparisons .
Americans tend to roll their eyes when researchers raise the Japanese comparison .
The most common response is that Japanese culture is " nothing like ours . "
Nevertheless , the Japanese system has features that could be fruitfully imitated here , as the education reformers James Stigler and James Hiebert pointed out in their book " The Teaching Gap , " published in 1999 .
